TOKYO — One of this country's largest newspapers took the occasion of the Founding of Japan holiday earlier this week to publish a column by a noted author who advocates apartheid. Japan should solve the problem of a dwindling population by bringing in foreign workers, she wrote, but it should make sure that they live segregated from the natives.
The author of the column, Ms. Ayako Sono, is a well-known novelist in Japan and also a close advisor of Shinzo Abe, the prime minister, who has been criticized here and abroad for appointing Nazi sympathizers and racists to his cabinet.
Ms. Sono was also a member of the Education Rebuilding Implementation Council under the prime minister's office, where she promoted the idea that pregnant women should quit work.
Just another of Prime Minister Abe's dubious friends, some might say, but one who definitely has his attention.
The article in question appeared in Sankei Shimbun's February 11 edition. Sankei is considered Japan's fourth largest daily with a circulation (for the printed edition) of 1.6 million copies.
The column appeared with the headline: “Labor Shortage and Immigrants: Allow them in while maintaining ‘proper distance.'”
It opens with a reference to ISIS and how hard it is to understand the culture and feelings of other races. It then notes that the number of Japan's youth keep going down in comparison to the rest of the population and Japan needs labor, especially when it comes to taking care of its growing elderly population. The author suggests that there's not a need for rigid special training to let foreign workers handle taking care of the elderly, and Japan should admit them.
So far, so good.
But then: “At the same time, we must make a system which strictly keeps immigrants in their legal status.” Sono adds, “It may seem contradictory but it's almost an impossible task to understand foreigners if you share living space with them.”
The author points out that 20 or 30 years previously, after learning about the “real state” of South Africa, she became convinced that white people, Asians, and blacks should all live separately.
To make her point she cites the example of “a condominium in Johannesburg where black people started living after apartheid was abolished.” She goes on to explain that “black people are basically believers in big families,” and says the blacks took over the condominium by bringing all their family members, ruining the facilities, until eventually all the white people left.
Sono gave no indication where this happened exactly, or when. The name of the condominium, and any details that could verify the anecdote were lacking. But she concludes on a definitive note: “I have said since, ‘Humans can work, research and exercise together. But it is better to keep the living space [residence] separate.'”
The Daily Beast attempted to contact the author, for clarification, through Sankei, the publishers of her works, and the Cabinet Public Relations Office, Cabinet Secretariat. No reply was forthcoming and Sankei refused to provide any contact details or pass on the questions.
Sono is not a stranger to controversy. Her argument that women should quit their jobs as soon as they have children and her opposition to maternity leave would seem to clash with Abe's much-vaunted gender equality push known as “womenomics”.
Sono's apartheid column, however, has drawn a considerable amount of controversy even in Abe's Japan, where casual racism seems to be condoned by the establishment.
A Twitter aggregation web site had over 110,000 views on the story the day of publication, even though it was a holiday. Comments were primarily negative along the lines of: “At a loss for words. I have doubts about the good conscience of editors that would print up (this column) and scatter it around. To take South Africa under apartheid as an example and say (races) should be separated….”
We asked Sankei about the column, pointing out that in its own publicly posted “ethical prospectus” it vowed to “seriously respect human rights, correct mistaken reporting, provide an opportunity for counterarguments and take proper measures” in all aspects of the newspaper production.
Sankei replied to The Daily Beast: “Ayako Sono's column is a regular feature and we published it as her opinion. It's only natural that there should be many different opinions about it.”
Sankei is one of Japan's most conservative newspapers and reportedly closely aligned with the Abe administration. It has been at the forefront of nationalist media in Japan that seeks to whitewash or minimize the history of the country's war crimes.
One of the early Sankei company presidents wrote in his memoirs about his own involvement recruiting women for sexual slavery under the military during WWII; the newspaper seems to omit the memoir from all its reporting.
Last year the paper, apologized for running an anti-Semitic ad for books that claimed that Jewish people were behind the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami, and that the holocaust was a fabrication used to create the state of Israel.
Like many newspapers in Japan, the company's sharon (official company editorial viewpoint) and the good work its reporters do, don't always match up. Sankei's news teams did some very solid and hard-hitting investigative journalism after the 3/11 disaster and the nuclear meltdown. But the management and the reporters appear to have different priorities.
The column did not hugely surprise Jeff Kingston, the author of Contemporary Japan. “It was published on National Foundation day, a time to celebrate the glorious and inglorious past where myth and fiction [in Japan] are intertwined,” he told The Daily Beast.
By publishing this paean to apartheid, Sankei has yet again “given a prominent platform to the country's lunatic fringe,” he said, adding that one can only cringe at the thought of what advice Sono gives to Abe behind closed doors about educational reform, and what other clocks she wants to turn the hands back on. “Abe has repeatedly called for Japan to bolster immigration,” says Kingston, “but migrants will now have good reason for second thoughts.”
And, yes, some have misgivings already.
A 30-year-old South African woman working in Japan in communications, when shown the column, shook her head and said, “I already deal with enough subtle racism at work. If a major newspaper is going to print this kind of bullshit, they empower all the racists in the country. I've almost had enough. Maybe we all should leave and just leave Japan to rot in its own xenophobic dementia. If the sexism here is as bad as the racism, no wonder women don't want to give birth—it seems hopeless.”
It is indeed a sad time in Japan when neither the prime minister nor one of its leading newspapers feels that there is any need to condemn racism at all, even when it involves individuals they closely work with. Maybe that's because it gets votes and sells newspapers? Or maybe they share the same views? Perhaps, a bit of both. But if Japan needs to attract foreign labor in order to survive, it's a problem that the country will have to deal with—and building ghettos won't be the answer.
Today marks the 10-year anniversary of the passage of the repeal of the 1933 Glass-Steagall Act and related legislation. It is an anniversary worth noting for what it teaches us about forestalling financial crises, the consequences of maniacal deregulation, and the out-of-control political power of the megafinancial institutions.
The repeal of Glass-Steagall removed the legal prohibition on combinations between commercial banks on the one hand, and investment banks and other financial services companies on the other. Glass-Steagall's strict rules originated in the U.S. government's response to the Depression and reflected the learned experience of the severe dangers to consumers and the overall financial system of permitting giant financial institutions to combine commercial banking with other financial operations.
Glass-Steagall protected depositors and prevented the banking system from taking on too much risk by defining industry structure: Commercial banks could not maintain investment banking or insurance affiliates (nor affiliates in non-financial commercial activity).
As banks eyed the higher profits in higher risk activity, however, they began in the 1970s to breach the regulatory walls between commercial banking and other financial services. Starting in the 1980s, responding to a steady drumbeat of requests, regulators began to weaken the strict prohibition on cross-ownership.
Despite herculean efforts by Wall Street throughout the 1990s, Glass-Steagall remained law because of intra-industry and intra-regulatory agency disagreements.
Then, in 1998, in an act of corporate civil disobedience, Citicorp and Travelers Group announced they were merging. Such a combination of banking and insurance companies was illegal under the Bank Holding Company Act, but was excused due to a loophole that provided a two-year review period of proposed mergers. The merger was premised on the expectation that Glass-Steagall would be repealed. Citigroup's co-chairs Sandy Weill and John Reed led a swarm of industry executives and lobbyists who trammeled the halls of Congress to make sure a deal was cut. But as the deal-making on the bill moved into its final phase in Fall 1999, fears ran high that the entire exercise would collapse. (Reed now says repeal of Glass-Steagall was a mistake.)
Robert Rubin stepped into the breach. Having recently stepped aside as Treasury Secretary, Rubin was at the time negotiating the terms of his next job as an executive without portfolio at Citigroup. But this was not public knowledge at the time. Deploying the credibility built up as part of what the media had labeled "The Committee to Save the World" (Rubin, Fed Chair Alan Greenspan and then-Deputy Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers, so named for their interventions in addressing the Asian financial crisis in 1997), Rubin helped broker the final deal.
The Financial Services Modernization Act, also known as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, formally repealed Glass-Steagall. Among a long list of deregulatory moves large and small over the last two decades, Gramm-Leach-Bliley was the signal piece of financial deregulation.
Repeal of Glass-Steagall had many important direct effects but the most important was to change the culture of commercial banking to emulate Wall Street's high-risk speculative betting approach.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
"Commercial banks are not supposed to be high-risk ventures; they are supposed to manage other people's money very conservatively," writes Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz. "It is with this understanding that the government agrees to pick up the tab should they fail. Investment banks, on the other hand, have traditionally managed rich people's money -- people who can take bigger risks in order to get bigger returns. When repeal of Glass-Steagall brought investment and commercial banks together, the investment-bank culture came out on top. There was a demand for the kind of high returns that could be obtained only through high leverage and big risk-taking."
This is a very important part of the story of what created the financial crisis.
What lessons should be learned from the 10-year debacle?
First, Glass-Steagall's key insight was in the need to treat regulation from an industry structure point of view. Glass-Steagall's authors did not set out to establish a regulatory system to oversee companies that combined commercial banking and investment banking. They simply banned the combination of these enterprises. Cleaning up the current mess, we need strategies that focus on industry structure -- meaning, especially, that we must break up the big banks -- as well as more traditional regulation.
Second, we need to return to Glass-Steagall's more particular understanding: depository institutions backed by federal insurance protection cannot be involved in the risky, speculative betting of the investment banking world. (Notably, the Glass-Steagall problem is now worse than it was before the financial crisis, following JP Morgan's acquisition of Bear Stearns, and Bank of America's takeover of Merrill Lynch.) Moreover, we need not just to reinstate Glass-Steagall, but infuse its underlying principles throughout the financial regulatory scheme. Commercial banks should not be in the business of speculation. They have a job to do in providing credit to the real economy. They should do that. Their job is not to engage in betting on derivatives and other exotic financial instruments.
Third, giant financial institutions exercise too much political power, and for that reason alone must be broken up.
Fourth, we need broad reform in the area of money and politics. We need public financing of Congressional regulations, even stronger lobbyist reforms, and tight restrictions to close the revolving door through which individuals spin as they travel between positions in government and industry.
A year ago, as the financial crisis was unfolding, it seemed very plausible that these reforms would be seriously debated in Congress. Three months ago, it appeared that Wall Street had successfully maneuvered to keep them off the table. But in Congress a recognition is now settling in that regulatory reforms on the table are failing to deal with the problems of size and industry structure -- and that there may be a severe political price to be paid for such failure. Suddenly, it seems that common sense may again be politically viable.
Comstock/Getty Images
If all the matter in the universe suddenly disappeared, would space still exist? Isaac Newton thought so. Space, he imagined, was something like Star Trek's holodeck, a 3-dimensional virtual-reality grid onto which simulated people and places and things are projected. As Newton put it in the early pages of his Principia: “Absolute space, of its own nature, without reference to anything external, always remains homogeneous and immovable.” 1
This seems persuasive in everyday life. I'm walking east, you're walking west, and the post office stays put: The frame of reference remains static. But Newton's contemporary, the German mathematician and philosopher Gottfried Leibniz, balked at this idea of absolute space. Take away the various objects that make up the universe, he argued, and “space” no longer holds any meaning. Indeed, Leibniz's case starts to look a lot stronger once you head out into space, where you can only note your distance from the sun and the various planets, objects that are all moving relative to one another. The only reasonable conclusion, Leibniz argued, is that space is “relational”: space simply is the set of ever-changing distances between you and those various objects (and their distances from one another), not an “absolute reality.” 2
Au contraire, responded Newton. The effects of absolute space are quite observable. And Sir Isaac had just the experiment to prove it: a spinning bucket of water. Simple as the experiment may sound, it set off a debate about the nature of space, time, motion, acceleration, and force that continues to this day.
In the Principia, Newton asks us to imagine a bucket of water, suspended by its handle from a rope. Turning the bucket clockwise, the rope winds up. What happens when you let go? The bucket begins to spin counter-clockwise, slowly at first, then faster. But something else happens, too: As Newton writes, the surface of the water “will gradually recede from the middle and rise up the side of the vessel, assuming a concave shape.” For a while, the bucket and the water spin together. Eventually, the bucket slows and its spin reverses; the water slows too, gradually flattening again.
High school students learn about “centrifugal force”—it's nice to have a name for it—but what's actually causing the water to rise up against the rim of the bucket? It can't be the motion of the water relative to the bucket, Newton observed, because the water's surface is most distorted when the water is spinning most rapidly, “in synch” with the bucket. Of course, the bucket and the water are spinning relative to Earth, but that can't be the explanation, either, because a similar experiment performed in space, Newton believed, would produce the same results.
Ever since the formation of the solar system, billions of years ago, Earth's been spinning around with its equator “bulging out,” just like the water in the spinning bucket.
For Newton, the only way to explain the bucket experiment was to say that the water was spinning with respect to absolute space. This meant invoking inertia—another key idea in the Principia—the resistance of a body to any change in its speed or direction of motion. Once the bucket and the water are spinning, the sides of the bucket prevent the water from moving in a straight line; it pushes up against the rim instead.
But why do objects have inertia in the first place? In the 19th century, Austrian physicist Ernst Mach came to believe that any explanation of motion and inertia—including the motion of water in a spinning bucket—could only be understood in relation to the rest of the matter in the universe. For Mach, a scaled-up version of the bucket could be seen in the Earth itself: Ever since the formation of the solar system, billions of years ago, Earth's been spinning around with its equator “bulging out,” just like the water in the spinning bucket. Mach wondered: If Earth's rotation could be stopped, and instead the rest of the planets and stars spun around it, would Earth's equator still bulge?
Newton would have said no: No spin, no bulge. But Mach realized that the answer depended on where an object's inertia comes from. If it were somehow the result of the bulk of the matter in the universe, then indeed the planet would still bulge as the rest of the planets and stars turned around it.3 This is Leibniz's relational picture on steroids: Not only is motion relative, but inertia, Mach decided, is a measure of the relationship between the object and the rest of the matter in the universe. If Mach's view is right, the stars and galaxies, near and far, are, in some sense, responsible for Earth's shape and the concave shape of the water in Newton's spinning bucket. But Mach didn't say how those distant stars and galaxies exerted their influence—and even today, the answer is far from clear.
Perhaps Mach's keenest reader was the young Albert Einstein, who would later struggle to incorporate what he referred to as “Mach's Principle”—that the inertia of a body is dependent on the aggregate of matter throughout the universe—into his theory of gravity, General Relativity.
The overwhelming success of Einstein's theory was the final blow for Newton's absolute space—but without absolute space, we continue to struggle to make sense of Newton's bucket. In his popular book The Fabric of the Cosmos, physicist Brian Greene explains that although Einstein's theory demolished Newton's absolute space, it gave us something else in its place—a four-dimensional structure known as spacetime—and this, Greene argues, is absolute. You and I might disagree about the duration of a parade, or the distance that the marchers covered—but we'd agree on the total distance through spacetime between the start and end of the parade. This is hard to picture, since we can't see in four dimensions, but it's guaranteed by the equations in Einstein's theory.
And yet, this is not Greene's final word on the matter. Physicists now suspect the “Higgs field,” believed to endow particles with mass, permeates the universe. Although Einstein's spacetime might serve as a reference frame against which accelerations can be measured, the Higgs field goes one better: By offering resistance to anything that passes through it, it may explain why objects have inertia in the first place.
Still another idea comes from Arizona State University physicist Paul Davies, who points out that “empty” space is actually a seething foam made up of short-lived subatomic particles popping in and out of existence. This quantum “vacuum frolic,” he says, could serve as a substitute for absolute space.
After more than three centuries, the questions sparked by Newton's spinning bucket—about space and motion, about mass and inertia—continue to trouble both physicists and philosophers. Something makes the water rise up against the side of the bucket—but whether it's ultimately the structure of spacetime, or the Higgs field, or some kind of quantum foam, remains to be seen.
Dan Falk is a science journalist based in Toronto. His books include The Science of Shakespeare and In Search of Time. @danfalk.
References
1. Cohen, I.B. & Whitman, A. Isaac Newton / The Principia: Mathematical Principles of Natural Philosophy: A New Translation University of California Press, Berkeley CA (1999). All quotations from The Principia are from this edition.
2. Alexander, H.G. The Leibniz-Clarke Correspondence, Together With Extracts from Newton's Principia and Opticks Manchester University Press, Manchester (1956).
3. Barbour, J. & Pfister, H. (Eds.) Mach's Principle: From Newton's Bucket to Quantum Gravity (Einstein Studies, Volume 6) Birkhäuser, Boston, MA (1995).
19th April 2017, 11:32 pm
For pretty much as long as I can remember I've been interested in experimenting with sound. While I love great music, sounds themselves are most interesting to me. I remember using the shaft of spinning electric motor pressed against the mic of a cheap cassette recorder to simulate chainsaw sounds, putting my ear against different parts of my sister's Casio SK-1 (where I also learned about ADSR) as the case vibrated and tone changed, and intently listening to The Downward Spiral picking out samples (puffing a drinking straw, fingers brushing over metal grating).
Over the years I've ended up owning, and in many case building, a number of pieces of music equipment. This ranged from the Electrix suite of effects, some drum and synth modules (Yamaha TX81Z, Alesis D4), self-built x0xb0xes, some MIDIbox SID-NUXXs (where I learned the basics of PCB layout), but they all seemed too oriented around song composition and didn't work well when I simply wanted to play with sound.
With some self-built gear sitting around on the shelf and a newfound empty space in my closet, I decided to put much of it back together, but this time acquiring something that's much more hospitable to experimentation: a eurorack-format modular synthesizer. As of now I've mostly settled on a suite of modules, with just enough stuff that I've still got loads of learning to do and lots to explore. This setup also allowed me to connect some of my older DIY gear; stuff that I'd been longing to hear for a while. Conveniently I had an old analog oscilloscope and quality multimeter, things which are surprisingly useful when troubleshooting why a patch isn't doing what was hoped.
All set up, it's as seen above.
When expanding I started out with the basic (but fantastic) Moog Mother-32 and the cost effective Arturia BeatStep Pro, but soon after realized that for the kind of experimenting I wanted to do a few discrete modules would be really nice. While fairly low end (especially the speakers) it's a good setup for experimenting and deciding how much further I want to take things. I believe I'm pretty well set up and have a lot to learn before I make any additional significant purchases. This setup gives me option for everything from triggering drums and playing with sequencing music from synths to setting up drones and seeing how sound can be tweaked:
Non-Eurorack:
Eurorack:
NOTE: This post has been changed since it was first published
Women around the world fed up with long lines for the ladies' restroom have a new folk hero: a Beijing college student leading her own version of an "occupy" movement in southern China.
Agence France-Presse/Getty Images A man walks past public toilets in Shanghai during the World Toilet Day on November 19, 2009.
The target of the protest is an unassuming men's bathroom in a public park in Guangzhou, where a group of female activists in their 20s gathered outside this weekend with colorful placards to protest unequal wait times outside men's and women's public bathrooms. As crowds of onlookers began to form, the women began marching inside the men's bathroom to make their point -- much to the dismay of the men still inside.
The protest's instigator is a young woman, alias Li Maizi, who got frustrated by the interminable wait to use the toilets while attending a conference in Guangzhou. She and her supporters are calling for the government to provide more public toilet stalls for women. She says the protest took about a week (in Chinese) to organize and that her next stop on her journey to promote the cause is Beijing.
In an argument that later circulated on popular Twitter-like microblogging site Sina Weibo, a sympathetic student from the Guangdong University of Foreign Studies told the state-run Guangzhou Daily newspaper (in Chinese) that mainland China should learn from Hong Kong and Taiwan -- both of which have passed so-called "potty parity" laws, mandating that greater areas be designated for female toilets.
In Hong Kong, the ratio of male to female public toilet space currently stands at 1:1.5 (in Chinese) . Likewise since 1987, at least 21 states and municipalities in the U.S. have passed similar laws. "[While waiting for the women's bathroom], typically there's no line outside the men's restroom," Li was quoted as saying by local media (in Chinese). "Sometimes I've thought, is it OK for women to just 'occupy' them briefly?"
On average, men take 30 seconds to use the bathroom, according to a Time magazine report about potty parity. Women take 90 seconds.
In response to the protest, a member of the Guangzhou political consultative committee told local media that the city has already launched a plan to increase the level of toilet parity from a ratio of 1:1 to 1:1.5. In recent years, China's launched similar efforts to improve and expand public restrooms, including a $40 million commitment to upgrade most of Beijing's 3,700 public restrooms in time for the Olympics.
Be as that may, the women's protest is finding plenty of traction online. The phrase “Girls take over men's bathroom” topped the list of trending topics on Chinese search engine Baidu on Tuesday. One Chinese artist in Shandong Province was so inspired by the movement that he posted a cartoon he created that depicts a Chinese woman standing atop a porcelain toilet -- a red revolutionary flag in hand and a smile on her face.
Meanwhile Sina Weibo has been ablaze with comments on the "Occupy the men's bathroom" movement, some of them delighted, others more chagrined. "People are occupying Wall Street," quipped one Weibo user writing under the handle Teacher KY. "You're occupying toilets. What a loss of face."
CORRECTION: The original headline on this post misspelled the word "inequity"
-- Te-ping Chen
Breaking In ‘s return proved short-lived. The network is pulling the sophomore comedy off the schedule for the remainder for the season. Following Raising Hope‘s season finale next Tuesday, Breaking In was slated to resume airing originals in the 9:30 PM slot after New Girl. Now the network will air New Girl repeats in the time period. It hasn't been determined when Breaking In‘s unaired episodes will run, with summer considered a strong possibility. Breaking In‘s fate mirrors that of freshman Fox comedy I Hate My Teenage Daughter, which was also recently pulled off the schedule in favor of repeats. Breaking In, which got a second-season pickup after being cancelled last May and a revamp, has been underperforming, opening its sophomore season with a 1.7/4 in adults 18-49 last month and logging a 1.3/3 in its most recent airing, tying a season low. It looks like Fox is looking to bolster its already renewed New Girl by double-pumping the freshman comedy.
“Ranked-choice voting a barrier to participation,” Nato Green, April 30
Consider the benefits of ‘approval' voting
San Francisco's grand experiment in ranked-preference voting will be valuable in setting a national precedent. Thus, Nato Green's recent article on this is of national interest, and it is already being circulated amongst voting organization nationwide.
Supporting a voting system because it tends to benefit a party is a poor place to start reasoning. It's only slightly less poor to support it because it benefits a political philosophy. The fact that it failed to achieve the desired partisan outcome is, ironically, a good quality of the voting system, not a bad one.
Ranked-choice voting predictably leads to more complex ballots, which are harder to print on a single page and harder to vote without spoiling or casting a disqualifying ballot.
An alternative that has many similar properties is “approval” voting, which looks just like a conventional hand-marked ballot with one oval per name. The difference is you can vote for as many candidates in the same race as you like. The votes are all equally weighted.
To the individual voter, this may feel funny because they probably do prefer one candidate to another and, thus, chafe at equal weight. But in aggregate across all voters, this does make sense. People accept this notion more nowadays because they are acquainted with its net effect in the form of Facebook “likes.” Approval voting is used in many municipalities already (most typically in councils with multiple at-large positions).
Approval voting approximates the ideal merger of two different voting systems. Ranked-preference voting has its appeal, but another method is to “rate” candidates with a score (like Netflix). This rating method is actually superior to ranking (as more information is being given) but only in the case where everyone honestly rates the value of the candidate to them. If voters over- or under-rate the relative difference in their preferences, it doesn't work well, because people can give their votes more weight if they exaggerate the relative differences.
The way to foreclose that pathology is to make it a binary rating. That pattern is the natural ultimate behavior anyhow in an adversarial scoring-based voting system, so nothing is lost by reducing it to a binary “like.”
By reducing complexity of the ballot layout compared to ranked-preference voting, approval voting more easily absorbs a large slate without creating spoiler effects, thus perhaps even eliminating the need for publicly financed primaries.
Charlie Strauss
New Mexico
“Our planet needs evidence-based policies, not preconceived notions,” Green Space, April 26
Climate change here to stay
I was at one of the hundreds of marches last month in which hundreds of thousands of scientists, researchers and evidence nerds took the time and made the effort to express their support for the use of science in our society and to express dismay at the anti-science policies being promoted by the president and Republicans in Congress. As one marcher's sign succinctly announced, “You know the problem is dire when this many introverts come out to march.”
What problem? Trump's budget proposes reducing funding for environmental protection, for health research, for global monitoring of our planet's climate change. Trump's executive orders prohibit federal employees from even mentioning the words “global climate change.” As if pretending it doesn't exist will make it go away.
“Science” is a method of observing phenomena and carefully testing opinions and assumptions about them, to know what is true and real. Evidence is the best basis for making governmental policy, yet this Republican-controlled government doesn't even want to collect evidence for informed policymaking.
That's why so many science-minded introverts were in the streets. The survival of a habitable Earth, as well as our country's greatness, depend upon our politicians taking heed.
Bruce Joffe
Piedmont
“Letters: Neil Taylor's mark onSan Francisco,” From Readers, April 20
Spectrum of emotion
I enjoyed the range of emotion and opinion regarding the death of homeless resident Neil Taylor. From sympathetic reverence to brutal honesty, it was a refreshingly candid spectrum.
I believe that many citizens have experienced both compassion and disgust in response to the people who call the streets home. There are the psychotic, who should be committed to humane care, and there are the lifestylers, who should be held to the rule of law. In between these extremes are many diverse and tragic stories that deserve to be heard and attended to depending on their merit.
No simple answers exist. This last week alone, I witnessed a Muni rider stage a completely insane fit, found several addicts shooting up next to my parked car and had an intoxicated woman collapse on top of me while riding the Metro. I also saw people wrapped in rags dying on the pavement. How does one reconcile this to the million-dollar high-rise condos crowding the skies and luxury stores and restaurants filling the streets?
I don't have the solution, but I do know I appreciate the letters of outrage, compassion and anger that the Examiner has the guts to print.
Steve Abney
San Francisco
“Lyft Hub disrupts Potrero Hill,” The City, April 20
Lyft isn't the enemy
Perhaps another perspective on the Lyft hub might be useful. Those saying the final indignity was the painting of the “iconic” white van pink is laughable.
A person close to me, who works for Lyft, tells me of endless neighborhood meetings where she suffered much verbal and emotional abuse from those living around the Lyft Hub.
Like all else with complaints about The City's issues, it appears those who are recent residents to that neighborhood feel a sense of entitlement. Their beef is not with Lyft but with city agencies that may or may not enforce traffic laws.
Philip H. Krikau
San Francisco
Click here or scroll down to comment
This edition of Futuris visited a factory in Belgium which specialises in dyeing fabrics. Every year around 12,000 kilometres of textile materials are dyed. And for that, millions of litres of water are needed. After use, the water is full of colorants, chemicals and salts.
How to recycle this polluted water in an efficient and affordable way, so it can be re-used in the whole dyeing process? European researchers think they've found an answer to this question.
Fabrics are woven, tested, rolled, shaved, whitened, dyed, dried and stabilised in the factory and water is present in many of these different processes.
The factory says it consumes an average of some 350 million litres of water every year.
“We use some 80 litres of water per kilo of fabric. This water is used to whiten the fabric, then to colour it and then to fix the colours onto the textile materials, so they don't wipe out.
‘At the end, we get a water full of colorants of course, and it is very acidic. So we first neutralize this acidity and then we discharge our waste water to the municipal waste water treatment plant,” explained Jan Morel, Maintenance Manager, Utexbel.
Treatment of this coloured water at municipal facilities is extremely costly.
Aware of these economical and environmental challenges, the factory has teamed up with scientists from a European research project.
Their aim is to find solutions to recycle water from textile dyeing in efficient, affordable ways.
Scientists have designed a test recycling unit. Two different processes are used to clean up the water.
A first process, called electro-coagulation, eliminates colorants.
A second, called reverse osmosis, contributes to the elimination of salts.
“First we go to the auto-filtration membranes, where we take out all the small particles and all the other things. Then we go to the second process, called reverse osmosis, that will take even salts and all the rest of the stuff.
‘At the end of the day you get this nice colour-free water, totally clean, nothing in it not even salts. And if you look at the beginning, we started with the dirty water with all the colorants in it. So our end product is where we started,” said Eric van Sonsbeek, Chemical Engineer, EColoRO.
Strict control analysis at each step is used to confirm the efficiency of the different processes.
“We can say that all chemical pollutants and colorants are removed, let's say that around 93-96% percent of them are removed. Colour is nearly 100% percent removed in this process,” enthused Mert Can, Process Engineer, EColoRO.
Researchers now plan to upscale the existing test unit to a bigger one to be used at the factory, with an eye to creating a closed loop where water is constantly recycled and reused.
“If you have a technology in place that enables you to reduce water intake by 75% or more, already there is a very big cost reductions. Also, you will not discharge to the municipal waste water plant any more, so you will not have any issues with balancing your waste water with that coming from other streams into the municipal waste water treatment plants. So you are freeing up capacity there in the municipal setting,” Andreas Tenn Cate, Chemical Engineer, ISPT/ECWRITI Project Coordinator said.
Scientists say they hope this technology could also improve the competitiveness of the textile and clothes manufacturing sector in the European Union, that employs some 1.6 million people.
122 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Long before Robot Chicken Star Wars specials or Family Guy re-imaginings there have been Star Wars fan films. Dozens are available on TheForce.net and Atom Films with more being created everyday. But what makes a great fan film? Should it be comedic? A spoof? Should it be an epic, complete with authentic costumes and effects? Of course, phenomenal fan films come in all shapes and sizes, funny, serious, or seriously funny. The classics we've listed here are ten of the best Star Wars fan films. Agree with our selections? If not you better have some damn good suggestions, we nerdy bastards only like the best.
Trooper Clerks
Kevin Smith's classic, Clerks is given a Death Star make-over with this animated short, Trooper Clerks. Foul-mouthed and hilarious, you'll love Darth Jay and Silent Palpatine (or Darth Bob), the in-jokes like Aunt Beru's Blue Milk and a missing persons ad for Greedo. It even has little dirty nods you'll have to be quick to catch, like the Dianoga claiming to have popped Leia's cherry in the garbage chute, eww. There's also a sequel and live-action short, which received praise from Smith himself. Maybe a full length Trooper Clerks feature would be enough to keep Smith in the movie business?
Official Site
Hit the jump to watch more of the Top 10 Best Star Wars Fan Films!
I.M.P.S. The Relentless
While learning about the Jedi and the rebellion was cool, to be honest, who didn't want to know more about those faceless dudes in the white armor? That's right, Stormtroopers, the plastic-armored, little minions of a much larger imperial force who couldn't hit shit with their blasters. We might think of them as a joke, but I.M.P.S grants us a look in to their day to day stuggles. Originally planned as a sequel to the comedy, TROOPS (featured below), I.M.P.S (Imperial Military Personnel Stories) delves into the lives of imperial officers from all branches of the vast military. Really putting a face on the troopers mercilessly gunned down and sliced up throughout the trilogy. With impressive effects and animation, I.M.P.S is classy production, even including narration from none other than Peter Cullen. Who? Optimus Freakin' Prime. Joining the empire never sounded so good.
Official Site
Contract of Evil
Feel there wasn't nearly enough Darth Maul in Episode 1? You're not alone, Maul's few moments made The Phantom Menace tolerable, and even then it's a stretch. Contract of Evil sheds new light on Maul's rise to power as he meets challengers for dominance of the Sith on a remote world. Needless to say what ensues is fuckin' awesome duel of the Siths for ultimate supremacy, well, second to Sidious. Bonuses for fantastic make-up and a phenomenal light saber fight, plus it's all about Siths, how can this not be great?
Official Site
Ryan vs. Dorkman
Imagine two friends debating as to who is the better light saber duelist, eventually it will reach it's only logical conclusion, epic light saber battle. Ryan vs Dorkman is that battle. Hailed as some of the best fight choreography ever composed for light saber dueling, even rivaling what's been brought to the big screen. No fancy sets, no stunning costumes, just two schmucks, light sabers and a kick-ass duel for the ages.
Official Site
Chad Vader
The younger brother of a more famous Vader, Chad is a Sith apprentice living in a mechanical suit and suffering from asthma. He's also the day manager of supermarket. Constantly at odds with being a truly evil Sith bastard and a respectable store manager, Chad Vader must walk the line between both worlds. Of course he fails miserably which is why this long-running series (three seasons!) is so freakin' funny. Perfect voice work and a delightful smattering of famous Vader lines doesn't hurt either.
Official Site
Ever wonder what life was like for other members of the rebellion during the original Star Wars trilogy? Sure, who hasn't, but chances are you weren't thinking about Stacey, the X-Wing pilot, Pink Five. Her story is a charmingly annoying tale of a girl rebel too distracted to care about the cause. She's got waaaay more important things on her mind, like knocking boots with Han, seriously hating on Princess Hairstyle and learning more about the new kid from Tatooine, but he talks to an invisible friend, which is a weird mess she wants none of. The self-obsessed Stacey provides a great comical narrative to the familiar epic as she travels from the first attack on the Death Star, to training with Yoda on Dagobah, to a final showdown with Vader himself. Kind of makes you wonder why everyone else took the rebellion so seriously?
Unfortunately, there's embeddable version of these videos, so hop to their official site to enjoy the whole saga.
Official Site
George Lucas in Love
How did Star Wars come to be? First there was a man, George Lucas, a college student with a dream to write the most incredible screenplay. But he's suffering from a terrible case of writer's block. Mingling with friends, classmates and even teachers (all of whom serve as inspiration for familiar characters) Lucas eventually meets a young woman, with a peculiar hairstyle, leading a student rebellion. She tells him to “write what he knows” and a space fantasy epic is born. It's a charming, funny, fictional retelling of the creation of one of film's greatest series, and who cares what the real story is, this one is so much better.
Star Wars Begins
A documentary, what gives?! Chill out, this is a film only a true fan could create. An uber-extensive look at the film that started it all, Star Wars Begins is 14-part Youtube documentary loaded with “deleted scenes, alternate takes and different angles, bloopers, original on set audio recordings and a huge amount of commentary from cast and crew, culled from every corner of the galaxy.” Following along with the original film itself, the documentary inserts the deleted scenes and the cast and crew commentary with appropriate scenes. Truly a labor of love. The whole documentary is worth a watch, even if you just need to hear Vader with dialogue provided by David Prowse. Imposing Lord of the Sith he is not. Follow this up with the other two behind the scenes features, Building Empire and Returning to Jedi. Seriously, whatever asshole compiles DVD extras needs to hire this guy because his documentary is way better than any special features or commentaries that have come before.
Official Site
A Light in the Darkness
Want to talk about impressive looking fan films? Then you can't leave A Light in Darkness off the list. The story of a young boy born on a planet in the outer rim who watches as Clone Troopers turn on the Jedi that had saved his people. Year later this same boy, now a man armed with the fallen Jedi's light saber, leads a small rebellion against the imperial forces occupying his home world. Drawing attention to his unknown bit of the universe who will arrive first with aid, the rebellion or the empire? Hooked? Yeah, it's some of the best Star Wars storytelling since, well, Star Wars. A Light in Darkness exemplifies the low budgest, high quality fan film and the writing isn't terrible and the acting isn't wooden. Meaning, it's already a million times better than any of those shitty prequels!
Official Site
TROOPS
TROOPS is filmed on location with the men of the Imperial forces. All suspects are guilty. Period. Otherwise, they wouldn't be suspects, would they?
There's no listing of Star Wars fan films without TROOPS. The mockumentary, COPS-style show perfectly parodies both source materials. The quality costumes, perfect filming locations, it's like your watching a hilarious deleted scene from the films. Embedded with a group of Stormtroopers on Tatooine watch as they deftly handle any altercation, and laugh at the absurdity of it all. Slaughtering Jawas has never been so funny.
Official Site
Related
122 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Category: Featured, Film
The Hungarian Grand Prix proved to be an extraordinary race, one with an even more extraordinary result.
Consider that the winning team appeared to be in disarray on Friday, the driver who finished second had a 10s penalty, the man in third survived three collisions and had to stop for a new front wing, and the fourth-place finisher had to take a drive-through.
And fifth place went to a McLaren Honda, one that had not even completed a flying lap in Q2, and yet survived Sunday afternoon without a glitch.
Meanwhile, the man everybody expected to win was a humble sixth. Given that he had made a bad start, ran off the road on the first lap, survived a heavy collision, stopped for a new wing, and taken a drive-through penalty, Lewis Hamilton was actually quite relieved to end up with such a result – not least because he finished two spots ahead of title rival Nico Rosberg.
So how did we end up with such an unexpected result, and how did Sebastian Vettel and Ferrari pull off a victory?
With its low speeds and hot weather, Hungary was always going to be a track that mixed things up a bit, and potentially gave others a chance to challenge Mercedes.
From the start of the weekend Red Bull looked strong, but in contrast Ferrari struggled on Friday, and a myriad problems cost the team mileage.
“Before Friday we had our data, and we were reading the data, and we thought, 'OK in Hungary it could be a good race,” said team boss Maurizio Arrivabene. “Of course, we were not thinking to win the race, but at least to fight. Then everything happened on Friday, and on Saturday the first thought was, 'Guys, calm down, we need to do our analysis, to put everything together.'
“On Friday we were struggling a lot. I mean, at one stage James Allison said to me, 'Look, if I had to think about the worst day, today was the worst of my career.' But we put together everything, we were working with determination.
“They were using the FP3, and only the FP3, to try to adjust the car, and then after that Saturday evening they said, 'OK, we think that we are in a good way.' Not for sure thinking about this result, but at least to say we were in a good way.”
He makes it sound straightforward, but a lot of blood, sweat and tears went into honing the cars. Vettel earned third on the grid, and Kimi Raikkonen fifth, the Finn having lost more valuable track time in FP3 to a water leak.
Start the key
The key thing was that both men were on the odd numbered side of the grid, which in Hungary traditionally offers the chance to gain at least one spot on the man immediately ahead. But even Ferrari couldn't anticipate how things played out.
The start was of course the key to the race. Just as the Williams drivers swept past the Mercedes duo at Silverstone, so both Ferraris managed to do the same this time around. It wasn't just about the launch, as there was a fair bit of pure racecraft involved, especially in Raikkonen's case, as he went should to shoulder with Rosberg.
Both Mercedes drivers ran wide at Turn 2 in their desperate efforts to make amends, and then further around the lap Hamilton made his life even more difficult by jumping across the gravel trap.
Now it was game on for Ferrari. If you are in front you can control the race, and as we saw so often in his Red Bull days, one of Vettel's defining strengths is his ability to drive a perfect race if he's in clean air and can pace himself. And that's what he did on Sunday.
"It's true that when you start as we started today, in the open air, the car is giving to you more chance," said Arrivabene.
"And the guys in the back, the consumption of the tyres is quite high. But by the way, it's happened some times that we're on the back, and our consumption is higher. Today we were on the front, and it was OK..."
"It makes a difference if you find yourself in clean air, dictating the pace rather than following the top two cars," said Vettel.
"In some races we didn't really see them for long. In other races we were sort of stuck behind them and you cannot really show your true pace so I think - especially in the beginning of the race, but then again, I think the whole race – the pace was really really good."
Vettel was helped by having Raikkonen riding shotgun, and by the fact that Rosberg, for reasons which neither he nor the team could fully explain, struggled for pace on the soft tyre.
The lack of an immediate threat from Rosberg, and the fact that Hamilton had to claw his way up from as low as 10th position, meant that Vettel and Ferrari could run their own race, wait until the others had stopped, and play out an optimum strategy.
Safety car close call
It could have gone awry when Nico Hulkenberg's crash triggered a Virtual Safety Car. Vettel took advantage to pit for the medium tyres, and had it remained a VSC, he would have retained the advantage he'd built up.
But it soon morphed into a full safety car, and thus the gap disappeared. On lap 41, just before the Hulkenberg shunt, he had been 13s ahead of Raikkonen – fading as an ERS failure kicked in – and a huge 27s clear of Rosberg, whose pace had been even less convincing on the mediums he took for the middle stint.
All that was now gone. As the green flag flew for the restart Vettel had just Raikkonen protecting him from Rosberg, who immediately blew past the Finn. We might have expected to then see Rosberg, picking up his pace on the soft tyres having taken the pain of the mediums in that middle stint, harassing the leader, who had no choice but to go to mediums for the run to the flag.
But to the surprise of many observers, Rosberg was back on mediums for that final stint (more of that later). We'll never know if he would have found more performance on the softs – his first stint was not that stunning remember – but on the mediums he could just about match Vettel, but no more.
In turn he had to keep his eyes on his mirrors, which were full of an irrepressible Daniel Ricciardo, the only member of the leading trio who was on the softs, and fresh ones at that.
Vettel had to work hard in that final stint, but he did his job to perfection. For lap after lap he stayed out of DRS range – 1.2s, 1.4s, 1.2s at the startline – and only once, on lap 53, did the gap dip down to 0.8s. Then with just under seven laps to go Rosberg and Ricciardo tangled, and the pressure was off Vettel.
He didn't slacken his pace, as Daniil Kvyat was close enough to keep him on his toes, albeit with a 10s penalty hanging over him, and thus Vettel kept banging in quick laps. He wasn't exactly about to let Kvyat catch up and pass and take the chequered flag first, although that could have happened! Vettel's team radio comments after the flag showed just what the win meant to him.
It was a superb performance, and one of which his old mentor and pal Michael Schumacher would have been proud – winning on a weekend when the odds appeared to be stacked against him. The downside for Ferrari was Kimi's ERS failure, a rare sign of mechanical trouble for the Maranello team.
Red Bull's step forward
RBR's stunning form meanwhile underlined just how Hungary shifts the emphasis from the power unit to the whole package. There were positive signs in Silverstone already, and this time the car seemed to be hooked up from the start of the weekend, and both drivers gained confidence, something that was very evident in the race.
"We knew that this track would play to some of our strengths," said Christian Horner. "And it is great that we managed to capitalise on that with a double podium, with Dany Kvyat's first podium, Daniel Ricciardo's first podium of the year. it was great team performance and I think that this type of circuit with lack of dependency on straightline speed has played to our strengths."
Ricciardo in particular was on the sort of charging from that saw him gain three opportunistic wins last year, and the fact that he made it to the podium after three separate collisions was a reminder that he's a real racer – going around the outside of Hamilton at the restart was pretty clear evidence of that.
The great unknown is what might have happened had he found a way past Rosberg and given himself a few laps with which to tackle Vettel.
"It felt a little bit like deja vu from last year," said Horner. "We strategically made the call at the first stop to put the hard tyre on, we felt our only possibilities would be in the later part of the race if there were a safety car. And sure enough we had that set of tyres left, the safety car came out and it teed it up beautifully.
"Kimi had an issue, so Daniel made his way past Kimi fairly easily and managed to find his way past Lewis. There was quite a big contact, which damaged the car quite significantly, but despite that he was able to close in on the leading pair and he was always going to have a go, and obviously got a run up the inside, got in a bit too deep and Nico came across his bows on the exit and it looked like a racing incident. It is a shame without that, if he had managed to get pass Nico it would have set up an interesting finish with Seb."
What went wrong for Mercedes
So what of Mercedes? On the face of it was a disastrous afternoon for the drivers and team, but they still both scored points, and Hamilton's main concern was that he logged four more than his title rival.
Hamilton made no excuses afterwards, admitting that he'd made mistake after mistake, and he must now be hoping that he's used up his quota for the season in one afternoon.
This was definitely not a good weekend for Rosberg, who lost out to Lewis by almost 0.6s in qualifying and then found himself struggling for pace on Sunday. He also got a lot of flak for the seemingly conservative decision to go with the medium tyre for the final stint.
Earlier we'd heard a team radio conversation which indicated that he simply wanted to mirror what Hamilton was doing on the basis that he could stay safely ahead, and wouldn't be caught out by the softs fading in the latter stages.
However, Toto Wolff insisted that ultimately the responsibility for that choice was the team's.
The Virtual Safety Car came out when Rosberg was approaching the last corner, and he ducked straight into the pits – the tyres that were ready and waiting for emergency use, the "default" tyres, were the mediums, based on the number of laps to the flag.
One lap later, and the shorter final stint length would have seen mediums wheeled away and softs put in their place. And had Rosberg been a corner further back when the VSC call was made, the team would have had time to make that last minute switch anyway.
"It was one corner," Wolff told Motorsport.com. "They were in the second last corner when the Virtual Safety Car was deployed, one corner earlier, the default tyre would have been changed from medium to soft. The medium tyre was sitting there, the Virtual Safety Car was deployed, he got the call, he came in, the medium tyre wasn't there."
It could be argued that Mercedes reacted too quickly to the VSC. If there was some doubt about tyre choice, why not let Rosberg run another lap? With a VSC lap taking around 90 seconds that would have provided plenty of time to chat with the driver and make a more considered call.
After all, plenty of drivers pitted on subsequent VSC laps without suffering any harm, as by definition the gaps are maintained.
It would perhaps be unfair to suggest that after Monaco this is the second time that Mercedes hasn't quite got it right under a VSC, and the team would probably say that the risk in not coming in immediately is that a VSC could turn into a proper safety car – which is what eventually happened – and that could complicate matters.
Meanwhile, Wolff insisted that the tyre choice definitely wasn't a case of Rosberg wanting to cover Hamilton's strategy: "Earlier, before, but not in that situation."
Nevertheless the damage has been done in that many observers thought Rosberg's radio comment showed a little too much focus on his teammate, when perhaps he should have been looking more at the fight ahead and trying to win the race.
Hamilton's remark when he went off track on lap one also told its own story: "Nico crossed over my line there, pushed me wide..."
It's no great surprise that these two remain resolutely focussed on each other, but they could do well to take a look at the world championship table, which shows Vettel just 42 points behind Hamilton, and only 21 behind Rosberg.
It's a long shot given the overall picture of pure performance, but history relates that sometimes battling teammates are pipped at the line by someone they didn't see coming up on the rails.
It happened for example with Alain Prost vs Williams in 1986, and again with Kimi vs McLaren in 2007. This season could still have a few twists and turns.
why is global warming so cold?
Just because it's cold outside in your part of the world doesn't mean global warming isn't happening.
It's cold where I am. Really cold. It's been really cold for the last two weeks and it'll be really cold for at least another week. Then again, it's the middle of winter and I can't say that I'm surprised that it's cold at this time of the year. It's kind of expected when you think about it. But don't tell that to the anti-global warming crowd which is using this bitterly cold January to make snarky jokes about Al Gore and write editorials in which they say that there's no way a planet can be heating up when we're in the middle of a cold snap.
As shocking as it might sound, even in a warmer world it will still be cold and there will still be freezing rains, icy temperatures and bitter cold snaps. When scientists talk about a warming trend, they're talking about a maximum warming of five or six degrees averaged for the entire planet. The middle of winter will still be cold and snowy, it's just that the places where it will be cold will be farther north than they are today. Don't get me wrong though. Five or six degrees up or down for the entire planet is the difference between an ice age and a hothouse. In the last Ice Age it was just five degrees colder than it is today. And yes, there were warm, humid places during the ice ages, it's just that the polar ice sheets grew to cover much more area than they do today and winters in the north lasted longer.
Global warming doesn't mean that temperatures won't go down by more than a few degrees as the forests around you burn to a cinder and your backyard turns into a barren desert. Likewise, a cold snap doesn't disprove averages compiled over decades. We can't accurately predict the weather because weather is chaotic and measured by hours and days. It's like a coin flip. Heads or tails. But climate is an average of hundreds of these coin flips and we know that over time, if we toss enough coins, we'll have a similar number of heads to tails. Climate modeling just ups the temperature ranges we measured over many decades and tries to see what happens to our planet when the average temperature across the globe is higher or lower than it is today. If you want to disprove our grip on climate, show some data for winters with average temperatures of 30 degrees randomly interchanging with 70 degree winters without a special cause behind it.
Finally, there's the Al Gore thing. I've written before how Gore did a disservice to climatologists by injecting partisan bickering into what should've been a purely scientific debate. Really, this issue isn't about a person who embraced global warming as a cause to stay in the limelight. It's about the science and trying to stay objective. With the amount of vitriol many critics direct at the former vice-president, I can't help but wonder if the same crowd would be lambasting him for missing the “threat to our planet” were he a global warming denier instead…
update 01.06.2010: As odd as it may seem, it's cold in the winter of 2010 too, and due to a peak in this post's traffic, I thought it would be beneficial to revisit the topic of weather vs. climate and cover more information on the politics and science of global warming in a follow-up entry.
Gorham's disease Synonyms Acro-osteolysis syndrome, Breschet-Gorham-Stout syndrome[1], Cystic angiomatosis of bone[1], Disappearing bone disease, Disseminated lymphangiomatosis, Disseminated osseous bone disease, Essential osteolysis, Gorham-Stout syndrome, Gorham's lymphangiomatosis, Hemangiomata with osteolysis[1], Idiopathic massive osteolysis, Massive osteolysis[1], Morbus-Gorham-Stout disease, Osteolysis and angiomatous nevi[1], Skeletal lymphangiomatosis, Skeletal hemangiomatosis, Thoracic lymphangiomatosis. Gorham's disease involving the left parietal bone: X-ray of the skull lateral view (A) showing a osteolytic area in left parietal region. CT scan bony window (B), MRI T1W Axial (C) and T2W Sagittal (D) revealing skull defect with normal brain parenchyma. Specialty Rheumatology
Gorham's disease (pronounced GOR-amz), also known as Gorham vanishing bone disease and phantom bone disease,[1] is a very rare skeletal condition of unknown cause, characterized by the uncontrolled proliferation of distended, thin-walled vascular or lymphatic channels within bone, which leads to resorption and replacement of bone with angiomas and/or fibrosis.[2][3] Current treatments are experimental only.
Signs and symptoms [ edit ]
The symptoms of Gorham's disease vary depending on the bones involved. It may affect any part of the skeleton, but the most common sites of disease are the shoulder, skull, pelvic girdle, jaw, ribs, and spine.[4][5][6][7]
In some cases, no symptoms are seen until a fracture occurs either spontaneously or following minor trauma, such as a fall. An acute onset of localized pain and swelling may occur. More commonly, pain of no apparent cause increases in frequency and intensity over time and may eventually be accompanied by weakness and noticeable deformity of the area. The rate of progression is unpredictable, and the prognosis can be difficult. The disease may stabilize after a number of years, go into spontaneous remission, or in cases involving the chest and upper spine, prove fatal. Recurrence of the disease following remission can also occur. Involvement of the spine and skull base may cause a poor outcome from neurological complications. In many cases, the end result of Gorham's disease is severe deformity and functional disability.[4][5][8]
Symptoms such as difficulty breathing and chest pain may be present if the disease is present in the ribs, scapula, or thoracic vertebrae. These may indicate that the disease has spread from the bone into the chest cavity. The breathing problems may be misdiagnosed as asthma, because the damage done to the lungs can cause the same types of changes to lung function testing as seen in asthma.[6] Extension of the lesions into the chest may lead to the development of chylous pleural and pericardial effusions. Chyle is rich in protein and white blood cells that are important in fighting infection. The loss of chyle into the chest can have serious consequences, including infection, malnutrition, and respiratory distress and failure. These complications or their symptoms, such as difficulty breathing, chest pain, poor growth or weight loss, and infection have sometimes been the first indications of the condition.[6][7][8]
Causes [ edit ]
The specific cause of Gorham's disease remains unknown. Bone mass and strength are obtained and maintained through a process of bone destruction and replacement that occurs at the cellular level throughout a person's life. Cells called osteoclasts secrete enzymes that dissolve old bone, allowing another type of cells called osteoblasts to form new bone. Except in growing bone, the rate of breakdown equals the rate of building, thereby maintaining bone mass. In Gorham's disease, that process is disrupted.[2][3][4][9][10][11]
Gorham and Stout found that vascular anomalies always occupied space that normally would be filled with new bone and speculated that the presence of angiomatosis may lead to chemical changes in the bone.[2][9] Gorham and others speculated that such a change in the bone chemistry might cause an imbalance in the rate of osteoclast to osteoblast activity such that more bone is dissolved than is replaced.[9] Beginning in the 1990s, elevated levels of a protein called interleukin-6 (IL-6) being detected in patients with the disease were reported, leading some to suggest that increased levels of IL-6 and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) may contribute to the chemical changes Gorham and others believed were the cause of this type of osteolysis.[4][12]
In 1999, Möller and colleagues[4] concluded, "The Gorham-Stout syndrome may be, essentially, a monocentric bone disease with a focally increased bone resorption due to an increased number of paracrine – or autocrine – stimulated hyperactive osteoclasts. The resorbed bone is replaced by a markedly vascularized fibrous tissue. The apparent contradiction concerning the presence or absence or the number of osteoclasts, may be explained by the different phases of the syndrome." They further stated that their histopathological study provided good evidence that osteolytic changes seen in Gorham's disease are the result of hyperactive osteoclastic bone. However, others have concluded that lymphangiomatosis and Gorham's disease should be considered as a spectrum of disease rather than separate diseases.[13]
While a consensus exists that Gorham's is caused by deranged osteoclastic activity,[2][4][9][11] no conclusive evidence has been found as to what causes this behavior to begin.
Diagnosis [ edit ]
In 1983, Heffez and colleagues[10] published a case report in which they suggested eight criteria for a definitive diagnosis of Gorham's disease:
Positive biopsy with the presence of angiomatous tissue
Absence of cellular atypia
Minimal or no osteoblastic response or dystrophic calcifications
Evidence of local bone progressive osseous resorption
Nonexpansile, nonulcerative lesions
No involvement of viscera
Osteolytic radiographic pattern
Negative hereditary, metabolic, neoplastic, immunologic, or infectious etiology
In the early stages of the disease, X-rays reveal changes resembling patchy osteoporosis. As the disease progresses, bone deformity occurs with further loss of bone mass, and in the tubular bones (the long bones of the arms and legs), a concentric shrinkage is often seen which has been described as having a "sucked candy" appearance. Once the cortex (the outer shell) of the bone has been disrupted, and vascular channels may invade adjacent soft tissues and joints. Eventually, complete or near-complete resorption of the bone occurs and may extend to adjacent bones, though spontaneous arrest of bone loss has been reported on occasion. Throughout this process, as the bone is destroyed, it is replaced by angiomatous and/or fibrous tissue.[2][3][4][11][14]
Often, Gorham's disease is not recognized until a fracture occurs, with subsequent improper bone healing. The diagnosis essentially is one of exclusion and must be based on combined clinical, radiological, and histopathological findings.[4] X-rays, CT scans, MRIs, ultrasounds, and nuclear medicine (bone scans) are all important tools in the diagnostic workup and surgical planning, but none has the ability alone to produce a definitive diagnosis. Surgical biopsy with histological identification of the vascular or lymphatic proliferation within a generous section of the affected bone is an essential component in the diagnostic process.[4][5][8]
Recognition of the disease requires a high index of suspicion and an extensive workup. Because of its serious morbidity, Gorham's must always be considered in the differential diagnosis of osteolytic lesions.[3]
Management [ edit ]
Treatment of Gorham's disease is for the most part palliative and limited to symptom management.
Sometimes, the bone destruction spontaneously ceases and no treatment is required, but when the disease is progressive, aggressive intervention may be necessary. Duffy and colleagues[6] reported that around 17% of patients with Gorham's disease in the ribs, shoulder, or upper spine experience extension of the disease into the chest, leading to chylothorax with its serious consequences, and that the mortality rate in this group can reach as high as 64% without surgical intervention.
A search of the medical literature reveals multiple case reports of interventions with varying rates of success as follows:[citation needed]
Cardiothoracic (heart and lung):
Skeletal:
Interferon alpha-2b
Bisphosphonate (e.g. pamidronate)
Surgical resection
Radiation therapy
Sclerotherapy
Percutaneous bone cement
Bone graft
Prosthesis
Surgical stabilization
Amputation
To date, no known interventions are consistently effective for Gorham's, and all reported interventions are considered experimental treatments, though many are routine for other conditions. Some patients may require a combination of these approaches. Unfortunately, some patients will not respond to any intervention.
Epidemiology [ edit ]
Gorham's disease is extremely rare and may occur at any age, though it is most often recognized in children and young adults. It strikes males and females of all races and exhibits no inheritance pattern. The medical literature contains case reports from every continent. Because it is so rare, and commonly misdiagnosed, exactly how many people are affected by this disease is not known. The literature frequently cites that fewer than 200 cases have been reported, though a consensus is building that many more cases occur around the world than have been reported.
History [ edit ]
The first known report of the condition came in 1838 in an article titled "A Boneless Arm" in what was then The Boston Medical and Surgical Journal (now The New England Journal of Medicine).[15] It is a brief report chronicling the case of Mr. Brown who had, in 1819 at age 18 years, broken his right upper arm in an accident. The patient suffered two subsequent accidents, which fractured the arm twice more "before the curative process had been completed." At the time of the report in 1838, the patient was reported as having remarkable use of the arm, in spite of the humerus bone having apparently disappeared – X-rays did not yet exist. Thirty-four years later, a follow-up report was published in the same journal, following Mr. Brown's death from pneumonia at the age of 70 years.[16] The patient had requested the arm "be dissected and preserved for the benefit of medical science" and this report contains a detailed pathological description of the arm and shoulder. Abnormalities of the remaining bones of the arm and shoulder are noted and the authors report that the arteries, veins, and nerves appeared normal. No mention was made of lymphatic vessels. Though several reports of similar cases were published in the interim, more than 80 years passed before another significant report of the condition appeared in the medical literature.
Both born in 1885, Lemuel Whittington Gorham, MD, and Arthur Purdy Stout, MD, had long, distinguished careers in medicine and shared a lifelong interest in pathology.[17][18][19] Dr. Gorham practiced and taught medicine and oncology and from the mid-1950s through the early 1960s conducted and reported the classical clinicopathological investigations of pulmonary embolism. During this time, he also authored several case series on osteolysis of bone. Dr. Stout began his career as a surgeon and became a pioneer in tumor pathology, publishing Human Cancer in 1932. This work became the model for the Atlas of Tumor Pathology project, which Stout oversaw as chairman of the National Research Council in the 1950s. In his later years, Dr. Stout embarked on a systematic study of soft tissue tumors in children and was among the first to link cigarette smoking to lung cancer.
In 1954, Gorham and three others published a two case series, with a brief review of 16 similar cases from the medical literature, that advanced the hypothesis that angiomatosis was responsible for this unusual form of massive osteolysis.[9] That same year, Gorham and Stout presented to the American Association of Physicians their paper (in abstract form), "Massive Osteolysis (Acute Spontaneous Absorption of Bone, Phantom Bone, Disappearing Bone): Its Relation to Hemangiomatosis".[2] The paper was published in its entirety in October 1955 in The Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery, concluding that:
There now exists the basis for a new syndrome which is supported by a remarkable similarity of clinical and [x-ray] findings in twenty-four cases, and by an equally convincing similarity of the histological picture in eight of these, which we have personally studied. However it is accomplished, the progressive osteolysis is always associated with an angiomatosis of blood and sometimes of lymphatic vessels, which seemingly are responsible for it.
The most typical presentation is that of osteolysis of a single bone or the bones connected by a shared joint, such as the shoulder. Although the disease can attack any bone, the shoulder is one of the most commonly involved areas, along with the skull and pelvic girdle. Spontaneous fractures are common and may be the first sign of the disease.[4] A hallmark of the disease is the lack of bone healing following fracture.
Patient registry [ edit ]
Lymphangiomatosis patients, families, and caregivers are encouraged to join the NIH Rare Lung Diseases Consortium Contact Registry.[20] This is a privacy-protected site that provides up-to-date information for individuals interested in the latest scientific news, trials, and treatments related to rare lung diseases.
References [ edit ]
MANILA, Philippines – The United States and Philippine panels concluded the eighth round of negotiations in the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) Friday, and have agreed on key points such as access and use of military facilities and non-permanence of US troops.
In a joint statement by the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) and Department of National Defense (DND), they said that the draft agreement gives US military's access and use of Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) facilities only “at the invitation of the Philippines and with full respect for the Philippine Constitution and Philippine laws.”
ADVERTISEMENT
“They have to get our consent for whatever they can bring in,” Philippine Ambassador to the US Jose Cuisia said in an interview with reporters at the sidelines of the joint meeting of the Makati Business Club (MBC) and Management Association of the Philippines (MAP).
“They will have to get approval for whatever they are going to bring in,” he said.
The agreement also provides that the US military will “not establish a permanent military presence or base in the territory of the Philippines,” the DFA-DND statement said.
All forms of nuclear weapons will be prohibited in the country in accordance with the Philippine Constitution, it said.
Defense Undersecretary and Chair of the Philippine Negotiating Panel Pio Lorenzo Batino said that “this round brought us much closer to finding full consensus, and the draft provisions on key points of enhanced defense cooperation will be submitted to the President for his review.”
Improving PH capabilities
Cuisia said that the agreement will make it easier for the US to help the Philippines with the modernization program of the AFP.
“It is up to the AFP to determine what they need,” Cuisia said. “Remember the two cutters that we got, because the Philippine Navy said they needed cutters, so we made representations to the US and we got them very quickly.”
Cuisia was referring to the BRP Gregorio del Pilar and the BRP Ramon Alcaraz that the Philippines acquired recently from the US.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We would have gotten a third one if we had asked for it, but we did not ask for it at that time,” Cuisia said.
The AFP had also looked at the possibility of acquiring F-16 fighter aircraft but changed their mind due to the high cost of maintenance, he said.
Mutually Beneficial
Cuisia said that the agreement will allow US to put up facilities within military owned or controlled facilities.
“This agreement is different in that it will allow the US to put up facilities that will be beneficial to both the US and the Philippines,” Cuisia said.
“Right now under the VFA, if there is no such provision, this agreement will precisely enable us to enlarge the capability of the US to assist us,” he said.
One example Cuisia gave was if the US were to bring in rubber boats that are to be used in case of disaster, they need to store it in warehouses which they can put up.
“Not in civilian facilities. It has to be in AFP-owned or controlled facilities. In Subic, there will be a portion that will be allocated there to the AFP,” Cuisia said.
RELATED STORIES
PH, US rush defense talks for Obama visit this month
PH-US defense talks to tackle humanitarian aid
PH offers US use of bases
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Through the 2014 NFL Draft, which will be held in New York, NY from May 8-10, Florida Gators defensive back Jaylen Watkins will be keeping you up-to-date on his Path to the Draft with exclusive blog entries here at OnlyGators.com.
Florida's third-leading tackler with 52 takedowns last season, Watkins played safety for the Gators after being primarily used as a cornerback – the position he will play as a professional – during his first three years. Watkins started 28 of the 48 games in which he participated but saw the field for starter's minutes in many of those other contests.
His fourth entry comes just over a week before he heads to Indianapolis, IN to compete in the 2014 NFL Combine. Watkins is currently training in South Florida and rehabilitating a sprained Achilles he suffered during practice for the 2014 Senior Bowl.
Even though I sprained my Achilles and was unable to play in the Senior Bowl, I actually stuck around and watched the entire game. I was already there and my entire family already drove up, so I stayed and watched Solomon [Patton] and Jon [Halapio]…and Matt Patchan was there, too, so that was pretty cool.
We all hung out and ate meals together with Matt. We went through some hard times and good times together at Florida, so it was nice to reconnect. We actually didn't know he was coming at first until we saw him walk into breakfast one day, but it was definitely good to catch up with him. It was like old times with the Gators.
Back to the game though, it was kind of frustrating not to play because I was having such a good week competing, getting balls, knocking some guys down. I was looking forward to the game and actually putting some film out there. But I did three days – all the days scouts and teams were there – so that was really good. The week was great overall and at the end of the day, it was really beneficial for me.
Some of the notes my agent and I got back were that I excelled in man coverage and press coverage – which we do a lot at Florida – but I also played off better than they thought I would. I think I proved I'm a better cover corner than everyone thought, which was my goal going into it.
I flew back into South Florida after the game and have been taking it slow with my injury because the last thing I want to do is aggravate it with the combine right around the corner. I've been working on different parts of my body because I got sorer than I expected at the Senior Bowl. So I've been taking it slow, doing a lot of stretching and icing, getting a bit more time off than during a normal week.
I just started jogging on Tuesday, actually. The pain is now gone, but it's about getting the flexibility back and doing maintenance to make sure it does not reoccur. I've been able to walk for a while now – and if a dog was behind me, I can get away from him – but I want to get back to 100 percent with no more setbacks. It's better to be conservative now and make sure I'm a full-go with no limitations for the combine.
The combine drills will start for me this weekend. We'll practice the cone and shuttle drills at a slower speed to tweak on my starts and technique. Every day is something different. One day we'll work on back-end speed, another power, another turn-over speed, another stride length. And then next week, we'll run a couple of 40-yard dashes and then do a lot of work on maintenance so I can run the time I want at the combine.
There are a bunch of former Gators working out here but Marcus Roberson has stood out the most to me. He has amped up his speed already, and Solomon has always been fast so he's just working on some small things to get better for his workouts. We compete sometimes and Solomon is of course the fastest, but I'm a bit quicker off the start so I can get him…but he usually wins. We're just all down here getting better, getting faster and getting ready.
One topic I'm sure you all are interested to hear about is Cody Riggs deciding to transfer away from UF to a new school. Cody and I were in the same recruiting class and also roommates my sophomore year on campus – so we're actually really, really close – and even I had no idea whatsoever that he was thinking about leaving.
When I saw it, it was definitely a shocker. I actually went to Gainesville this past weekend and was able to talk to him and stuff, but before the decision I had no idea. I think it was just something he was keeping within his family. It definitely seems like it was a hard decision for him. He told me he wants to go to graduate school at a different school and expand his network, like he said in that report.
I haven't really been able to sit down with him and discuss it at length, but I think a lot contributed to his decision including wanting to play cornerback. Next time I get to Gainesville, which will probably be for Pro Day, I'll talk to him about it more and get a better understanding about his decision.
There's not much more to say right now because I've been spending so much time rehabbing, but I plan to check in again next week before I leave for the combine on Feb. 22. Thanks again for following along!
Go Gators,
BY: Follow @susancrabtree
The Trump administration outlined a detailed list of immigration principles and priorities law late Sunday that could upend a previous deal with Democrats to allow hundreds of thousands of young undocumented immigrants to remain in the country without fear of deportation.
The top immigration agenda items include funding a southern border wall and new limits on legal immigration to allow for only spouses and minor children to apply for permanent legal residency.
The immigration overhaul would provide the safe and swifter return of unaccompanied minors who seek admission to the United States at the southern border and require employers to use E-verify, a system that verifies workers are allowed to legally work in the United States.
Additionally, President Donald Trump called on Congress to pass a new law that would cut off federal grants to sanctuary cities and states, a move that would overturn a court injunction and settle the legal battle in his favor.
The Trump administration said it laid out the new set of immigration priorities to "ensure safe and lawful admissions; defend the safety and security of our country; and protect American workers and taxpayers."
Trump said in a letter to Congress he developed the new priorities after a "bottom-review" of immigration policies by federal law enforcement agencies.
He said the findings must be included as part of any legislation addressing the future of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival (DACA) recipients, those immigrants who arrived in the United States as children of illegal immigrants and have met certain legal standards President Obama set to allow them to remain.
"Without these reforms, illegal immigration and child migration, which severely and unfairly burden American workers and taxpayers, will continue without end," Trump wrote. "Immigration must create more jobs, higher wages, and greater security for Americans—now and for future generations."
The demand for more funding for construction of the border wall, among other Trump immigration priorities, surprised Democrats. Democratic leaders Chuck Schumer (D., N.Y.) and Nancy Pelosi (D., Calif.) previously said they struck a deal with Trump to protect younger immigrants, known as "dreamers," from deportation that did not involve more border wall funding.
Trump has signaled in recent weeks that the money for a border wall would not need to be a part of any DACA deal, noting that it could be included in separate, later legislation.
"The administration can't be serious about compromise or helping the Dreamers if they begin with a list that is anathema to the Dreamers, to the immigrant community and to the vast majority of Americans," Schumer and Pelosi said in a joint statement Sunday night. "We told the president at our meeting that we were open to reasonable border security measures … but this list goes far beyond what is reasonable."
"This proposal fails to represent any attempt at compromise," they said.
Last month Trump announced plans to end the Obama-era DACA program, which allows dreamers to remain in the United States legally and granted them two-year work permits. The program, which protects roughly 690,000 immigrants, has faced several successful legal challenges across the country.
Administration officials said the proposals are necessary to protect U.S. citizens' safety and jobs for American-born workers after years of congressional inaction on the issue.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said he hoped the new policies would continue to reduce the number of immigrants illegally trying to enter the country from the Mexican border; there has been a sharp decrease since Trump took office.
"These are reasonable proposals that will build on the early success of President Trump's leadership. This plan will work," he said in a statement Sunday night. "If followed, it will produce an immigration system with integrity and one in which we can take pride."
The proposals aim to reduce the flood of immigrant women and children arriving at the Southern border from Central America that have inundated local communities in Texas in recent years. Many of these immigrants are fleeing gang violence and extreme poverty, and current law is more lenient when it comes to immigrants from El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras than those from Mexico and Canada.
The Trump administration, however, is proposing to jettison the protections in order to treat all immigrants the same—a change that would allow U.S. authorities to deport the minors and those accompanying them more quickly.
When it comes to sanctuary cities, the Trump administration wants federal immigration agents to be able to communicate with local sheriffs to find out when they have arrested and are holding undocumented immigrants with criminal records. Several sanctuary cities across the country do not allow local law enforcement officers to talk to federal immigration agencies or do not honor federal requests to detain these individuals until federal agents can secure them and begin efforts to deport them.
California Gov. Jerry Brown (D.) signed a law late last week that would give the entire state sanctuary status.
The administration is asking Congress to clarify the law to provide state and local law enforcement the latitude to honor detainers issued by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). It also wants a legislative fix to allow the Justice Department to withhold federal grants to sanctuary cities and states.
A federal judge in Chicago blocked Sessions' attempt to withhold funding from these cities and states in September. The Justice Department is appealing that ruling.
The California Sheriff's Association has opposed the sanctuary state law, arguing that it would tie their hands and wrongly protects repeat drunk-drivers and MS-13 gang members.
The association has called on the GOP-controlled Congress for legislation that would void some aspects of the sanctuary state law.
ICE Acting Director Tom Homan said it is important that any changes to U.S. immigration law include a "crackdown" on sanctuary cities.
"Sanctuary policies are shielding criminal aliens from enforcement by refusing to honor ICE detainers or allow ICE access to interview aliens in jails, and they are attracting more people to come here illegally at the expense of public safety," he told reporters on a conference call Sunday night.
He cited two examples that resulted in an illegal immigrant committing a violent crime.
A man was arrested for a felony domestic battery in Sonoma, Calif., triggered an ICE alert because the man was previously deported to Guatemala in 2008. ICE filed a detainer, but the Sonoma County Sheriff's Department released the man on bail before ICE could respond to a notification that gave them less than an hour to arrive there. Two weeks later, the man turned himself in for murdering his girlfriend
A county jail in Denver, Colo., released a known gang member with an extensive criminal record when ICE couldn't respond to a "last-minute" notification, he said. Seven weeks later he was arrested and charged with murdering a 32-year-old man at a rail station.
"There's absolutely no justification for releasing a public safety threat back into the public when they are in the U.S. in violation of federal law, have committed yet another crime against our citizens, and have the potential to reoffend," Homan said.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. lawyers representing President Donald Trump on Friday said the Trump Organization's exit from a luxury hotel in lower Manhattan undermines a lawsuit in which rival hotels and restaurants are challenging his alleged illegal receipt of payments from foreign governments while in office.
The Trump SoHo hotel is seen in Manhattan, New York, U.S. April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
The Department of Justice said the Trump Organization's decision on Wednesday to give up management of the Trump SoHo by year end and drop the Trump name bolsters the argument for dismissing the lawsuit, whose plaintiffs also include the nonprofit watchdog Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington.
“This development undermines the hospitality plaintiffs' reliance on alleged competition with the Trump SoHo to demonstrate standing,” or legal authority to sue, the Justice Department said in a letter to U.S. District Judge George Daniels in Manhattan.
Lawyers for the plaintiffs did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Daniels had expressed skepticism at an Oct. 18 hearing over whether the plaintiffs could sue over Trump's alleged violations of the U.S. Constitution's “emoluments” clause.
That clause bars U.S. officials from accepting various gifts from foreign governments without congressional approval and is designed to thwart corruption and improper influence.
According to the plaintiffs, Trump is violating the clause by keeping ownership of his business empire, including interests in hotels in Washington, D.C. and elsewhere, despite ceding day-to-day control to his sons, Eric and Donald Jr.
The Justice Department has countered that the plaintiffs cannot show they were injured and do not deserve an injunction that would “effectively impose a condition on the President's ability to serve as President, ... implicating core separation of powers concerns.”
Daniels said at the Oct. 18 hearing that he may decide by mid-December whether to let the lawsuit continue.
The original complaint was filed three days after Trump entered the White House, in one of the earliest legal challenges to his presidential authority.
The case is Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington et al v. Trump, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 17-00458.
Port Authority Chairman John Degnan. | AP Photo/Mark Lennihan On eve of LaGuardia vote, tension mounts at Port Authority
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is taking a big vote on the redevelopment of LaGuardia airport on Thursday, and thanks to mounting tensions between the New York and New Jersey sides of the famously fractious bistate agency, no one's quite sure how it will go.
The authority's chairman has his doubts about the project.
Story Continued Below
“I'm not arguing that we shouldn't do LaGuardia, because I think it's critically important, but I'm not going to support it in the current configuration,” said John Degnan, an appointee of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie.
It's not clear precisely what configuration would be acceptable to Degnan, but the rebuild is a centerpiece of Governor Andrew Cuomo's infrastructure agenda — he has made it the focus of several press conferences, some with Vice President Joe Biden, who famously compared the airport to a Third World facility.
According to Cuomo and his appointees at the Port Authority, the plan to remake the Central Terminal Building, create more taxiway space, create a “Central Hall” to unify the airport, and allow for the possibility of an AirTrain, would cost roughly $4 billion.
Degnan likes to view the price tag in more holistic (and historical) terms.
According to the agenda the Port released — and that Degnan, as board chairman, controls — if the plan goes through, the Port will have spent “$5.3 billion in cumulative total investment since 2004” on rethinking, designing and ultimately rebuilding the airport, including things like overhead and consultant fees.
“The number looks higher because in the past, the Port Authority has been neither transparent nor candid in what the total cost of this project is,” he said.
The issue of LaGuardia's costs has since become a serious source of friction.
After the Wall Street Journal ran an article earlier this week that emphasized the $5.3 billion number, Pat Foye, the Port Authority's executive director and a Cuomo appointee, sent a strongly worded letter to the editor, one that can be understood as targeting Degnan, too.
“To reach $5.3B, today's article lumps in over $600 million of money spent as far back as 2004 for planning and prior projects, most of which are long completed,” Foye wrote. “These are sunk costs related to the prior piecemeal approach to development at the airport and they are not remotely part of Gov. Cuomo's vision for a new airport.”
This is just the latest sign that all is not well between the states that share the Port.
Last week, Cuomo intervened to retain his appointee, Foye, as executive director.
In so doing, he effectively overrode an agreement the bi-state board had already reached on how to govern itself.
Cuomo's maneuver seemed “tied into his hope that by keeping his original person there he can help control what the Port does,” said Jameson Doig, author of the authoritative Port history, "Empire on the Hudson."
It's also engendered doubts about the Port's ability to reform itself.
After Bridgegate tarnished the Port Authority's reputation, both Cuomo and Christie agreed to improve the agency that controls a huge chunk of regional infrastructure, including airports, bus terminals, ports, PATH, bridges and tunnels, and the World Trade Center site.
No longer would New York appoint an executive director, while New Jersey picked a chairman, only for New Jersey to appoint a deputy executive director and New York a vice-chairman.
Instead, the board would pick one unitary, politically independent CEO and the chairmanship would rotate between the two states, starting with New York.
Problem is, the board hasn't been able to find a CEO who meets the approval of those two governors.
Foye sought the job himself, but when it became clear the board didn't want him, he announced he'd leave by the end of March.
Board members proceeded to come up with a transition plan: they would make the Port's chief financial officer the interim executive director while they continued in their as-yet fruitless effort to find a CEO.
Cuomo wouldn't have it.
Or rather, he would have it, but only under one condition: the chairmanship would have to start rotating now, before a CEO is hired, starting with New York. Degnan, who would have been disempowered, said no.
So Cuomo convinced Foye to stick around longer, and Degnan sent an email to board members recounting the episode and expressing his disappointment.
On Tuesday, Degnan expressed disappointment with the Port Authority of a wider-gauge sort.
“We've got a $26 billion, 10-year capital plan which has virtually zero dollars in it for a Port Authority bus terminal, through which there are 220,000 passenger trips a day of people arriving to work dirty, confused, frustrated and tired,” he said at a Bloomberg LP transportation conference, referring to the midtown bus terminal, whose replacement is a New Jersey priority.
"I think Governor Cuomo has definitely stepped into a vacuum," said Loretta Weinberg, a New Jersey state senator and outspoken advocate for a new bus terminal, which is heavily used by New Jersey commuters.
Interstate tension is hardly abnormal for a bi-state agency whose officials are supposed to transcend their parochial interests for the sake of the region's common good, all the while minding the political exigencies of the governors who control them.
“It's built into the way the institution was created,” said Degnan.
Doig made a similar point, recalling an episode from the late 90s, "when the Port Authority felt that Port Newark and Elizabeth would be better served if you dredged the harbor, and [then governor George] Pataki blocked it, because he said we need more attention to the container port on the New York side, which is a piddling little thing over on Staten Island."
But Degnan warned that tensions can only be allowed to fester so much.
“What would be unfortunate is if that tension manifested itself in gridlock, and nothing got done,” he said. “But so far, that's not happening.”
Karachi, the busiest and the biggest city of Pakistan, has always been under the menace of some sort of problems. Apart from other problems, a fresh wave of fear that has started to exist as the men with knives stab girls and women in Karachi's Gulistan e Johar and Gulshan Iqbal. According to sources the attackers target girls and women without veils (hijab). So far a single woman or girl with veil has not fallen prey to the knife attack. This has given birth to several questions that will remain unanswered until the attacker is behind the bars. Many uncertain gossips have come to conclusion calling it a religious matter. Some other unofficial reports have also considered him mentally unstable. The city police have applied all the possible tactics to bring it to a halt but in vain. The tight security and special techniques applied to apprehend him have so for not resulted in anything successful. It is also being reported that a high number of students remain absent from college and universities due to the fear of being the victim of such brutal knife attacks. A reasonable reduction has been noticed in market going women and number of girls and women with veils has increased sharply. Daily routine is immensely disturbed and a sense of insecurity has emerged in the mentioned areas. It is time police came up with special secret plans to bring the perpetrator behind the bars and ensure the security of women before more such cases take place.
FIDA UMRANI
Karachi
Share on: WhatsApp
newsrelease Posted by Natascia Lypny on January 29, 2013
Not reviewed by Halifax Media Co-op editors. copyedited fact checked [?] reviewed by Halifax Media Co-op editors.
The Community Carrot Wins Aviva Funding
by Community Carrot Co-op
Gottingen St.'s Community Carrot grocery market co-op has won funding for its not-forprofit store in the $1 million Aviva Community Fund 2012 give-away competition. 6,933 voters took us to the judging finals in 4 rounds of voting. Our submission was then scrutinized by an expert jury on several criteria including originality, sustainability, impact on the community, quality of submission and votes received …and we join many groups across Canada in being awarded full funding.
Now begins the hard work of negotiating a lease on potential premises in the heart of Gottingen St., developing a membership structure for our co-op that is inclusive and invites participation by a wide array of community members, and deciding on the many logistical details necessary to open a grocery store. “We know that eating healthy food is the cornerstone for healthy living” says Norman Greenberg, one of The Carrot's founding members. “Our commitment is to provide healthy, affordable food to a community that has lived without that service for a very long time.”
The Community Carrot team invites members of the community as well as friends and supporters from around the region to come out and celebrate with us tonight, January 29th from 6-8 pm at 2101 Gottingen St.
A motivated and eager volunteer force will be needed to help us open The Community Carrot grocery market this spring. We encourage anyone with a collaborative bent and time to invest to come out and discover what we're all about.
The Community Carrot stood out among finalists in this year's Aviva competition as the only project devoted to helping to ensure that people are well fed. We are thrilled that the Aviva judges assessed our project as worthy. Our great social media campaign and the degree of community support we achieved were noted.
One thing that is special about The Community Carrot is our clear vision that we are much more than a grocery store. We are a community catalyst for healthy living through healthy food and food education. We'll not only be selling healthy food but we'll be offering nutrition education, cooking skills, tips on food storage & food safety and opportunities to meet local farmers and food producers. As a co-op we'll be owned by local community members who will have a say in what we carry in our store.
###
For more information or interviews, contact Gwen McCauley (404-7501) or Norman Greenberg (483-8317) (after Jan 30th) or e-mail info@communitycarrot.coop
Socialize:
Join the Media Co-op today. Want more grassroots coverage?
380 words
Doris Simms, 91, was issued a $75 littering citation by the District's Department of Public Works in July because an inspector had found several stuffed trash bags outside her rowhouse on 12th Street NE. But Simms has been living at a nursing home for the past year and couldn't have left the garbage out on the sidewalk, so her brother Warren Simms is fighting the ticket at an administrative hearing in November. (Family Photo)
Say this about the garbage monitors of the nation's capital: No one — no matter how old — can escape their scrutiny.
In late August, the District's Public Works Department issued a citation to 2-year-old Harper Westover, who lives in Northeast Washington, over a wayward piece of mail with her name on it, only canceling the $75 ticket after an online uproar.
The city's new target: Doris Simms. She is 91. She has dementia. And she lives in a nursing home in suburban Maryland — not at her rowhouse in Northeast Washington, where an inspector (in fact, the very same one who went after Harper) found five garbage bags in front of her home's sidewalk.
Doris's brother Warren Simms, a retired D.C. elementary school principal who co-owns the rowhouse and visits it daily, said he called Public Works and explained that the trash belonged to his sister's neighbors, who were doing a construction project. He described his sister's new residence at a Montgomery County nursing home and argued that Doris couldn't have produced the garbage at her Northeast rowhouse.
But city officials were not sympathetic, Warren said. Rather than erase the $75 ticket, the District is forcing him to make his case before an administrative law judge in November. Warren argues the same point as the parents of 2-year-old Harper: How can the city issue littering citations without proof that the alleged litterers actually littered?
Harper Westover, 2, displays her D.C. citation for littering, with a $75 fine, at her home Friday in Washington. (Theresa Westover/Family Photo)
[D.C.'s little litterbug: 2-year-old cited for littering]
“It outrages me,” said Warren, who has his sister's power of attorney. “I want to emphasize how ridiculous the whole situation is. They sent me a packet at least 10 pages long for the administrative hearing. They could barely fit it into a legal-size envelope. There's no way Doris or I could have generated the trash. The house is vacant. It was obvious that there was construction going on next door. The city is not targeting the right people. They are picking on the innocent.”
A message left Thursday for Cheryl Satchell, the city inspector who issued the tickets to Doris and to Harper Westover, was not returned.
In a statement, Zy Richardson, director of communications for the Public Works Department, said the agency was working with Simms's family to “minimize hardship” and that it recognizes the case has “special circumstances and that investigating sanitation violations is not a perfect science.”
She added that department employees “work tirelessly” to investigate litterers so the city can be kept clean. She also said the agency will continue to “monitor our internal review process to decrease unmerited citations and improve quality control of our citation process.”
The three-bedroom rowhouse has been in the Simms family since the late 1920s, when Warren and Doris's parents purchased it. After their parents died decades ago — their father was a U.S. Postal Service letter carrier; their mother, a housewife — the deed eventually transferred to Warren, Doris and their nephew, who works for the Department of Homeland Security. But Doris, who never married and had lived there since she was 3, moved to the Althea Woodland nursing home in Silver Spring in July 2015.
The three Simms relatives still co-own the semi-attached house, but it is Warren who tends to it daily, bringing in Doris's mail, keeping the grass cut and, he said, making sure “that there's no litter.”
So, Warren was a little more than surprised when he sifted through his sister's mail in early August and found a violation notice issued in her name. The date of offense: July 11. The nature of the violation: “Failure Maintain Abutting Public Space.” The inspector attached two photographs of five overstuffed garbage bags on the sidewalk in front of the Simms's rowhouse.
When Warren called the Public Works — explaining that the trash was put out by their neighbors and that Doris has been living in a nursing home, can't walk and therefore wouldn't have been capable of hauling heavy trash bags — he got nowhere.
“The city official said on the phone that it didn't matter, that she's registered as the house's resident and it was the responsibility of the resident to make sure there's no litter out front,” Warren recalled.
Warren said his neighbors acknowledged to him that it was their trash and offered to pay the $75 ticket to make the matter go away. But he refused. He said the neighbors told him they put the garbage out for collection but it was never picked up.
“It's the principle,” Warren said. “I hate to use the term ‘police state,' because that's extreme, but it almost feels like it sometimes.”
He wrote a letter to the city denying responsibility and outlining his case. He also wrote that the photos of the garbage bags looked “staged.” The family has received repeated offers from real estate agents and developers who would like to buy the property.
“Constant pressure has been received to sell the house. If this violation was called in by a third party, this could very well have been initiated by them to facilitate their goal,” he wrote.
The city has scheduled a Nov. 17 hearing to settle the matter.
“I haven't mentioned this to Doris at all,” Warren said. “She'd be terribly upset. She never smoked. Never drank. Never cursed. Went to Calvary Episcopal on Sixth Street every Sunday. She was a very neat person. It was one of the things we inherited from our father. He was ultra neat.”
Britain has been found to be one of the least religious countries in the world, according to a new global survey.
Only 30% of British people interviewed described themselves as religious, compared to 53% who said they were "not religious".
Thirteen per cent said they were a "convinced atheist" and the rest were "don't know".
Only three countries in Europe were lower than Britain, with Sweden the lowest at 19%.
The survey was conducted by WIN/Gallup international who talked to almost 64,000 people from 65 countries across the globe.
Worldwide, six out of 10 people say they are religious.
China is the least religious country with twice the amount of convinced atheists than any other nation (61%) followed by Hong Kong (34%) and Japan (31%).
Thailand is the most religious country globally (94%), followed by Armenia (93%) and Bangladesh (93%).
People aged under 34 tend to be more religious (66%) as opposed to 60% for the other age groups.
Those without a formal education are the most religious (80%).
Jean-Marc Leger, President of WIN/Gallup International Association, said: "Religion continues to dominate our everyday lives and we see that the total number of people who consider themselves to be religious is actually relatively high.
"Furthermore, with the trend of an increasingly religious youth globally, we can assume that the number of people who consider themselves religious will only continue to increase."
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube
President Obama is cutting his Christmas holiday short, returning to Washington for a last attempt at avoiding the fiscal cliff. But he's running headlong into the Republican strategy of fanaticism.
It's a long-established principle of game theory (see Thomas Schelling's classic 1956 essay in the American Economic Review) that a fanatic who restricts his freedom to avert a disaster puts maximum pressure on his opponent to give ground.
In a game of highway chicken, for example, the driver that can't swerve because he's tied his hands to the steering wheel and chained his foot to the accelerator forces the other to swerve in order to avoid crashing.
The trick is for the first driver to convince the second that he's crazy enough to have committed himself to instant death if the second doesn't act rationally.
House Speaker John Boehner's failure to persuade rank-and-file House Republicans to raise taxes even on millionaires fits the fanatic's strategy exactly. Boehner can now credibly claim he has no choice in the matter -- Republican fanatics in the House have tied his hands and manacled his feet -- so the only way to avoid going over the cliff is for Obama and the Democrats to make more concessions.
The White House's hope of getting the Senate to pass legislation that raises taxes on the wealthy in order to pressure Boehner won't work because the legislation can't possibly get through the House. That's the point: Boehner has demonstrated he has no choice; the fanatics are in charge there.
Obama could decide going over the cliff isn't so bad after all -- as long as he and congressional Democrats introduce legislation early in 2013 that gives a tax cut to the middle class retroactively to January 1st (extending the Bush tax cut to the first $250,000 of income) and restores most spending -- and Republicans feel compelled to go along.
But with Boehner's hands tied and the fanatics in charge, this gambit becomes far riskier. What if we go over the cliff and House Republicans continue to hold out against any tax increases on the rich while demanding major cuts in Medicare and Social Security?
The path of the least resistance is for Obama and the Democrats to offer to keep everything as is, through 2013 -- extend all the Bush tax cuts and continue all current spending (lifting the debt limit along the way) -- unless or until a "grand bargain" on the budget is agreed to before the end of the next year.
This is likely to satisfy enough Republican fanatics to gain a majority in the House. And it would avoid the fiscal cliff, kicking the can down the road and giving everyone more time.
Deficit hawks in both parties won't like it, but that's okay. Unemployment is still way too high and growth too meager to justify trimming the deficit any time soon.
The real problem with this gambit is it doesn't change the game. Even down the road, Boehner's hands will still be tied and the fanatics will remain in charge -- which will give Republicans the stronger position in negotiations leading to a "grand bargain." Compromise would have to be almost entirely on the Democrats' side.
That's why I'd recommend going over the cliff and forcing the Republicans' hand. It's a risky strategy but it would at least expose the Republican tactic and put public pressure squarely on rank-and-file Republicans, where it belongs.
The fanatics in the GOP have to be held accountable or they'll continue to hold the nation hostage to their extremism. Even if it takes until the 2014 midterms to loosen their hold, the cost is worth it.
As a Canadian, you have a few innate responsibilities. In April you pay your taxes, in November you buy a poppy, in January you watch the World Juniors, and when the Grey Cup comes around, you watch it. Even if your team isn't in it. Even if you're not a CFL fan. The Grey Cup is a transcendent, once-a-year television event that Canadians are expected to watch. To paraphrase Abe Simpson, "if I don't support this thing, it might not make it!"
Last year, 11.5 million Canadians, or roughly a third of the population of Canada, tuned in to watch Saskatchewan beat Hamilton. (Just for perspective, Hamilton has a population of 500,000, while Regina, SK boasts around 180,000.)
The CFL themselves probably did a better job of explaining just what the Grey Cup means. Watch the video below, tastefully scored to the Tragically Hip (natch), and tell me you don't feel a little warmth in your heart.
Now that I've gotten you all pumped up, let's all watch the Grey Cup together.
STADIUM: BC Place, Vancouver
TIME: Right Now
TV: TSN, ESPN2
Hamilton Tiger-Cats (9-9) vs. Calgary Stampeders (15-3)
What To Watch For: The Stampeders
The Stampeders are a down-and-dirty, run-based team. They led the league in rushing this season, with star running back (and best Canadian player in the league) Jon Cornish able to not only blow past defenses, but also present himself as a receiving threat.
Advertisement
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Quarterback Bo Levi Mitchell, despite having a name like a guy who makes his own moonshine, is the young 24-year-old quarterback who'll be starting in his first Grey Cup after an outstanding season. The All-American and Walter Payton Award winner at Eastern Washington has shown a knack for making big plays, like the trick play shown to your left, where they make the Argos defense look like a kids' soccer game.
All in all, the Stampeders are a good team. They should win this game.
They also run a horse up and down the field when they score a touchdown, which is cute.
Advertisement
What To Watch For: The Ti-Cats
The Tiger-Cats had a middling season, but in the lackluster East Division, "middling" is enough to look like the goddamn '72 Dolphins.
Advertisement
Seriously, if you haven't been following the CFL this season, the disparity between West and East was out of control. You could make an argument that every team in the West was better than any given team in the East - the 9-9 Ti-Cats and Als had the advantage of a schedule padded against the lackluster Argos and expansion Redblacks. Meanwhile the West featured easily the four best teams in the league with Calgary, Edmonton, Saskatchewan and BC, and a not-that-bad Winnipeg squad that went 5-3 against Eastern opponents.
Still, the Ti-Cats match up fairly well against the Stamps. Most people are still banking on a Calgary win, but the Stamps are a team that likes to keep the ball on the ground, and the Ti-Cats boast strong run-stopping defense.
As the long-time whipping boy of the East, Hamilton is now flying high with their second straight Grey Cup appearance. They haven't won the big once since 1999 though, which is appropriate, since most Hamiltonians still dress like it's 1999.
Advertisement
The Ti-Cats are led by a young unheralded quarterback of their own, 26-year-old Zach Collaros. In my pre-season guide to the East I mentioned the three-way quarterback controversy in Hamilton, but Collaros has settled in well, and will also be making his first Grey Cup start. This Collaros-Mitchell matchup represents a bit of a changing of the guard - after years of the league being dominated by the same old aging veterans (Anthony Calvillo, Henry Burris, Ricky Ray) this next generation of young quarterbacks might represent the faces of the "New" CFL, as the league ventures into an uncertain future with a new Commissioner.
If the Ti-Cats stand a chance, it may very well hinge on special teams. In the East Final, the Ti-Cats had an exciting win over the Als that featured return specialist Brandon Banks (formerly of the Redskins) taking back two punt returns for touchdowns, with a third touchdown return called back because of a flag.
Feel-good storyline bonus: Peter Dyakowski, Ti-Cats offensive lineman and former Jeopardy contestant who last year was crowned Canada's Smartest Person in a CBC contest where he beat out physicists and biologists at trivia, has been out all season. He was lying in bed in pain one night but refusing to go to the hospital, only to find out he had a goddamn collapsed lung. He's back to mostly-healthy status and he played a few snaps on field goals in the East Final, so it'll be nice to see if he gets some time to play in the Grey Cup.
Advertisement
If Hamilton does manage an upset in this game, I'm sure the city will burn tonight! I mean, it would also be burning on any other given night. Hamilton is a gigantic dumpster fire of a town.
PREDICTION: Calgary 27, Hamilton 20, Canadian Pride ∞
Music video view of IU's Twenty Three is 1,593,835
It was released less than 2 weeks ago
Taeyeon's I was released long time ago but it's still charting high at #3~4
Her MV view is 784,134
Newest music videos of EXO and Bigbang:
EXO's Love Me Right has 877,567 view
Bigbang's Let's Not Fall in Love has 1,397,118 view
They were released before IU's Twenty Three but they have fewer views.
-
Pann: Raising suspicion of Melon manipulating IU
1. [+89, -19] It's really weird, what's happening? Well, Melon is owned by Loen, this kind of manipulation shouldn't be hard for them.
2. [+88, -28] As expected of Melon's daughter
3. [+73, -17] I thought Bigbang has the biggest public recognition from idols but IU fans are claming that Bigbang is only watched by their fans. And for EXO, isn't their number of fans basically the public?
4. [+31, -0] I honestly don't watch music videos on Melon, I watch them on Youtube
5. [+25, -29] It could be high though. For Taeyeon and EXO, their fans listen to them first but for IU, the public listens to her. And what does IU lack to be manipulating Melon? Stop coming up with conspiracy theories.
6. [+19, -13] IU and Sistar are Melon's daughters
7. [+14, -2] Taeyeon's Youtube view
8. [+13, -1] EXO's Youtube view
9. [+11, -2] I looked up Youtube
10. [+11, -6] Everybody knows that IU has big public recognition but Bigbang's public recognition is as big as hers and EXO has an insane amount of fans. But her MV view is too big comparing to them. Bigbang and EXO's MVs were released way before IU's but IU has a higher view when hers was released only 2 weeks ago. It's questionable. Her Youtube view doesn't even match, it's only the Melon view.
11. [+11, -5] I'm sure there's some manipulation going on, why wouldn't be?
12. [+9, -1] Even if IU has big public recognition, non-fans barely watch music videos on Melon, they use Youtube.
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said Friday she's “greatly” concerned about growing economic inequality in the U.S. She highlighted four pillars of economic opportunity that if bolstered would narrow the wealth gap: resources available to children, like early childhood education; affordable higher education; private business ownership; and family inheritances among middle- and low-income earners.
In a speech at the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, Yellen said inequality has widened in the U.S. in the past several decades to its greatest level since the 19th century, after 40 years of narrowing after the Great Depression.
“By some estimates, income and wealth inequality are near their highest levels in the past hundred years, much higher than the average during that time span and probably higher than for much of American history before then,” she said [transcript of prepared remarks here]. “I think it is appropriate to ask whether this trend is compatible with values rooted in our nation's history, among them the high value Americans have traditionally placed on equality of opportunity.”
The central bank's power to address income inequality is limited; all four of the areas Yellen listed are beyond the Fed's reach. But the Fed has been criticized for helping Wall Street, and the wealthiest Americans, recover from the 2008 financial crisis by pouring easy money into the economy through asset purchases and low interest rates.
A recent report by Standard & Poor's said income inequality and an education gap is hurting economic growth. Another S&P report said rising income inequality is hurting state tax revenues. And a report by IHS Global Insight concluded that though employment is back to pre-recession levels and rising, the jobs gained pay less than the jobs lost, with most of the wage gains going to the top income earners.
According to Gary Burtless, senior fellow and economist at the Brookings Institution, the wealthiest normally are first to recover wealth lost in a recession, and other income levels should follow.
The tepid pace of wage gains is a frequent focus of Yellen's speeches. But following her predecessor Ben Bernanke, she has pointed to the Fed's support for the housing market as proof that its economic stimulus is reaching Main Street.
In her speech Friday, Yellen cited Fed data showing that the bottom half of homeowners by wealth lost more than 60 percent of their home values between 2007 and 2013, while the wealthiest 5 percent lost only 20 percent of their home equity. She then noted, however, that the housing market recovery this year has boosted wealth for the middle- and low-net-worth households by nearly one-third.
Yellen didn't stray from her prepared remarks nor take questions to address the current volatility in financial markets. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is on its longest losing streak of the year amid concerns of slowing global economic growth. The Fed is watching several economic indicators to decide when to raise interest rates from their historically low levels. Hiking interest rates would increase borrowing costs and likely reduce consumer spending, the bulk of the economy's output.
"The recent market moves could help the Fed to hit the employment part of its dual mandate, but will take it further away from its inflation target," said Paul Ashworth, chief U.S. economist for Capital Economics, in a research note Friday. "While we don't think this necessarily means that a rate hike in March of next year is no longer possible, the chances that the first hike will come next June are increasing."
1 Could Thomas Vermaelen be heading back to the Premier League
Thomas Vermaelen could be on his way out of Barcelona this summer – amid reported interest from Liverpool and West Ham.
The Belgium international joined Barça from Arsenal two summers ago but a combination of injuries and the imperious partnership of Javier Mascherano and Gerard Pique has limited his chances at the Nou Camp.
And now, according to Sport, Vermaelen – whose wife is English – is considering his future in Spain and is keen on a return to the Premier League.
The former Gunners skipper is being tracked by Liverpool and West Ham but neither club have yet to contact Barça to enquire after his availability.
West Ham, who are on the lookout for a new defender appear to be favourites to land Vermaelen and it is understood that the centre-back would favour a move back to London.
"I'm no dummy, I know that brings voters out."
NEW YORK, NEW YORK — Comfortably back in his Trump Towers apartment, alleged billionaire and Republican presidential nominee Donald J. Trump had time to reflect on the events of the week. The 2016 Republican National Convention is over, he's the nominee, and this morning he told reporters that the “absolute friggin' highlight” of the week was seeing his daughter Ivanka's speech introducing his own speech Thursday night.
“I've never seen Ivanka look so smart,” Trump said, “or so friggin' hot! Did you guys see how friggin' hot she looked? Smokin'!” Trump held out his right hand with his middle, ring, and pinkie finger raised, the forefinger and thumb making a tiny, tiny circle. “A-OK, fellas,” Trump said, “A-O-friggin'-kay!”
The orange-tinged titan of Bankruptcy Court told the press that he had “known all along that Ivanka is the key to winning this whole friggin' thing.” He said that while a lot of Americans might find his “open, honest, and unhinged, nationalistic conspiracy theory-fueled bullshit” style of speaking “off-putting, weird, and lame,” that once people “get their balls — er eyeballs — on Ivanka,” he'd have the election “in the bag.”
“That's the best part of having a hot daughter,” Trump said, “besides you know, having a super-duper hot daughter. It's being able to trot them out like show ponies and make people maybe forget you're feeding them a line of Grade-A bullshit. Because, you know, they'll be checking out your hot ass daughter instead of hearing the words come out of her pie hole.”
Mr. Trump was not just focused on the outer qualities of his daughter's beauty, he said. He was also “proud, and more than a little turned-on” by her intellectual acumen.
“Oh, she looked smart. Way friggin' smart,” Trump said proudly, a smile beaming from his face. “That's why we put her hot little ass out there,” the D-List realityTV star turned legitimate candidate for the presidency continued, “She goes out, we turn on the wind machine, she does a little spin on the stage and shows off that cute dumper, and then bing-bang-boom, I'm president.”
Trump said he is planning to “ride Ivanka's great ass all the way to the White House” this fall.
“I'm no dummy,” Trump said, “I know that brings voters out. So we've scheduled to have Ivanka come with me to every single campaign stop. It's going to be a very intimate, very plush, very luxurious time in my jet, crisscrossing the country. I plan to ride Ivanka's great ass all the way to the White House, you bet.”
Current polling shows presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton holding comfortable leads over Trump nationally and in many states.
Little Rock - The Arkansas Travelers and Hughes Agency are proud to announce the unveiling of the club's new mascots for the 2014 season. After a long search conducted by Arkansas' minor league baseball club and premier staffing agency, they settled on two characters that grew up in Travelers lore. Both mascots hold deep connections to the franchise they will now represent. Introducing the new Travs mascots; Ace and Otey!
Ace is a native Arkansan who grew up rooting for the Travelers. He proudly served his country and upon returning to the Natural State competed and won the Mascot Tryout. With a name like "Ace" of course he is a pitcher and stands at a very menacing 7' 2" tall and weighs 501 pounds with a size-36 hoof. As a pitcher Ace's favorite former Trav player is Los Angeles Angels ace right hander Jered Weaver. When Travs groundskeeper Greg Johnston isn't looking, Ace sometimes has a chance to enjoy his favorite food; Dickey-Stephens Park Outfield Grass.
Initially the idea was for just one mascot, but when Ace introduced the Travs and Hughes Agency to his best friend "Otey the Swamp Possum" during the interview process all bets were off. Just like Ace, Otey is also native to the state hailing from Southeast Arkansas. He grew up watching Travs games with his family from underneath the stands at Little Rock's Ray Winder Field. Otey, who was named after former Traveler infielder and groundskeeper R.C. Otey, claims that he is the Travelers' "Good Luck Charm". In fact Otey believes that his superstitions helped the Travs win the 2008 Texas League Championship even though their 62-78 regular season record was the worst for a champion in Texas League history. Otey stands a stout 5 feet tall, he is a fan of second base and the "phantom double play" and his favorite number is .984, which was R.C. Otey's career fielding percentage.
Ace and Otey were built by Custom Characters of Glendale, California, a company with a wide-array of character-building experience that includes work for The Walt Disney Company, Dreamworks, Peanuts, Warner Bros., Paramount and 20th Century Fox.
Jeremy Brodeur's dad is like any other parent who struggles with the demands of a job and a family, and struggles to carve out time to watch his son's games. But when you consider the parent in question is retired goaltender Martin Brodeur, the NHL's all-time wins leader and currently the senior adviser to the general manager for the St. Louis Blues, the relationship takes on extra gravity.
Jeremy Brodeur, son of retired NHL goalie Martin Brodeur, could potentially fill the Oshawa General's starting goaltender role next season.
The 18-year-old Oshawa Generals goaltender fidgets nervously with his stick while he speaks but soon beams with excitement. “Anytime my dad comes to watch me is great,” he said, after a mid-day practice at the General Motors Centre in Oshawa. Playing as a backup to Generals starter Ken Appleby in his first Ontario Hockey League playoff series, the youngest member of the first family of Canadian goalies is trying to carve out a name for himself.
Article Continued Below
But he won't do it without the help of his father. Drafted in the eighth round of the 2013 OHL Priority Selection, the lanky 6-foot goalie battled his way to 13 wins in 19 games in his rookie season, and posted an impressive three shutouts along the way. And his father was there whenever possible. “He gives me tips after every game,” Jeremy said. “His main advice is always stopped the puck and try to win.” That might not sound like the kind of insider goaltending tip you might expect from one of the greatest to ever play the position, but Jeremy's father insists their relationship isn't entirely dependent on the sport they love.
“I know they know who I am and what I've accomplished but they're fatherly conversations we're having, and not agent-type conversations,” Martin said. Though he did have a hand in Jeremy's decision to play Major Junior hockey in Canada instead of suiting up for an American college team, Martin tries not to overstep his boundaries. The conversations he's had with Generals coach D.J. Smith are more of the big picture variety than the finer details of his son's play.
Article Continued Below
Martin Brodeur's career achievements — four Vezina trophies, three Stanley Cups, two Olympic gold medals — also came after a little help from his own father. “My dad was really good to me about my upbringing into hockey and I'm trying to do the same thing,” Martin said of his father Denis, a legendary hockey photographer who won a bronze medal playing hockey at the 1956 Olympics. Jeremy has earned the trust of Smith, who praises his affable nature. After the Generals' 7-2 victory in game one of their first-round series with long-time rival the Peterborough Petes, Smith kept Brodeur on the ice long after the starters had left practice. “No matter if he has a good game or a bad game he stays even keel,” Smith said. “He's probably learned that from his dad: one bad game doesn't make a year.” While Jeremy's brother Anthony was drafted by the New Jersey Devils in 2013 and will spend time this summer with Devils team trainers, Jeremy will be with his family, splitting his time between Montreal and New Jersey. But with the Generals starting job possibly up for grabs next season, Jeremy won't be without his own responsibilities and his father isn't pulling any punches about the work required from his son. “I think he's going to be in for a rude awakening as far as what he's going to have to do,” he chuckles. Still, that legendary Brodeur drive is beginning to show itself. “Every goalie in the back of their mind always wants to be in net,” Jeremy says after being asked about his desire to claim the Generals starting job. His father — a veteran of 17 post-season campaigns — was a fixture in the playoffs, and reminds Jeremy about the necessity of enjoying the moment. “This team could do something great and I keep telling him that he's part of it,” Martin said. “He's got to embrace the situation.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EVERETT, Wash. -- A statewide push to get more people to vote by Election Day comes in the form of boxes. The legislature passed a measure recently requiring more than 200 ballot boxes to be installed across the state.
They have a presence, they have a purpose to serve as a convenient way to vote.
“There is one super close to where I live so it's easier,” Seattle resident Patrick Graham said.
In King County, about 12 new ballot boxes have gone up this year, some of them in underserved areas like South King County to more remote places like Fall City.
“They have a pretty dramatic effect on turnout in both primaries and off years,” Professor of Economics at UW Tacoma said.
Experts who studied King County go from 10 ballot boxes to 43 say the likelihood of voters turning up went dramatically but only for older, wealthier and white voters
“Younger voters, lower income, lower education voters those almost had no effect,” Baird said.
“I can speak for myself and say yeah when I was voting I had to think about it, I don't know if my voice will actually make a difference,” voter Josiah Chen said.
Snohomish County Auditor's Office says the jury is out on whether their new boxes will increase voters. The county recently installed more than 4 new boxes including one at Everett Mall just west of Sears.
By law counties are required to place new boxes in every city that has more than 15,000 people and communities with a post office.
“We will be required to put a box in Index and out in Sultan and Gold Bar,” Garth Fell with Snohomish County Auditor's Office said.
In Pierce County, there are up to 5 new ballot boxes in places like Buckley and Lakewood.
But how do you decide where to exactly put those ballot boxes and not favor a political party?
“We've reached out to all the legislators in our district for suggestions they are the ones who passed the legislation,” Fell said.
As for King County, their first priority is libraries and places that are easy to get to.
“Anything that makes it easier for people to do their civic duty is probably a good idea,” Shoreline resident Pete Suchon said.
You have until 8 p.m. on election night to get your votes into any of the ballots boxes. And if you do not have one near you can always mail it in.
On August 14, 2003, a power line in Ohio overheated, causing a widespread blackout that affected over 50 million people in the United States and Canada.
Grid operators at power plants are trained to keep a close eye on voltage readings to maintain a balance between supply and demand, but unexpected fluctuations, either due to bad weather, equipment failure or human error (as was the likely case with the 2003 blackout, according to a New York Times report), can create serious problems.
And, outdated sections of our current electrical grid aren't helping things.
The original electrical grid
Above is our existing energy infrastructure -- a series of power lines, power plants and more that work together to ensure that your lights, appliances and electronic devices turn on when you want them to. There are some issues with this system, though.
For starters, it's old. Over 300,000 miles of transmission lines have been installed across the United States alone since the late 1800s, says the US Department of Energy. Naturally, some areas are in need of an overhaul. And there's a lot of ground to cover. Literally.
As a point of reference, the Earth's circumference is roughly 25,000 miles at the equator. That means that you could circle the Earth about a dozen times with just the US's portion of power lines in tow.
Enlarge Image Department of Energy
Not only that, but our demand for electricity has changed drastically over the years. And, many of the grid operators monitoring and controlling the flow of power are using old software that limits their ability to anticipate potential problems and work to solve them before they escalate.
Since the existing grid no longer cuts it -- by 21st century digital-everything standards, at least -- the US government decided it was time for a makeover.
The smart grid
Enter: the "smart grid." This blanket term is often used to describe proposed upgrades for the US and international power grids; a quick online search will return dozens of related results. But, similar to the "smart home," the smart grid isn't all that easy to define.
The 2007 Energy Independence and Security Act (EISA) and the 2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (Recovery Act) were two early five-year smart grid projects implemented at the federal level -- and they contributed billions toward the revitalization of the power grid.
As part of the Recovery Act, the Smart Grid Investment Grant (SGIG) stipulated that over 200,000 smart transformers, 850 sensors and 700 automated substations be added to the existing grid.
While you probably can't see most of these changes, the new transformers are designed to alert power company employees before a transformer failure. The sensors, or "Phasor Measurement Units," help grid operators more easily identify and isolate problem areas before they become widespread and the substations are supposed to make it easier for power companies to quickly respond to a power outage.
The SGIG also set aside funds to replace 40 million traditional electric meters with digital models in homes and businesses across the country, often referred to as "smart meters." A 2014 Department of Energy report details the progress of these projects, including a projection that closer to 65 million smart meters will be installed by 2015.
Digital smart meters are key to these reforms, because they are easier to read and report more information, such as how much it would cost to run an appliance at a specific time of day. This also makes it much simpler for consumers to distinguish between on-and off-peak hours and better understand where their money is going every month. But, it goes way beyond that.
Because the electric grid (sections of it, at least) is equipped with sensors and other "smart" tech, the new infrastructure is supposed to be much better at two-way communication. For instance, folks with solar panels would be able to see exactly how much power they are sending back to the grid toward the goal of a net-zero home (these are homes that generate more power than needed and are able to sell the energy back to their local power supplier).
It also has huge implications for smart home devices, like Wi-Fi thermostats, app-enabled washing machines with eco-features and even electric vehicles, as the smart grid is a logical extension of these energy-minded products.
Where we are today
The thing is, there are a lot of places that haven't been touched by these update (yet). Kentucky for instance, where the CNET Appliances office and the CNET Smart Home are located, has been virtually untouched by these innovations (save one relatively small-scale project that added roughly 69,000 smart meters in the southern part of the state).
Just check out the chart below to see how today's grid compare's to the Department of Energy's smart grid goal:
Enlarge Image Department of Energy
For those of us who don't have smart meters, though, there are still ways to monitor energy with relative ease. We reviewed a product called Neurio earlier this year that connects to a main circuit breaker panel. Related web and mobile apps then report on real-time fluctuations in energy usage in watts (W). Similar whole-home energy monitoring products from Belkin and startup Ecoisme are in the works as well.
Even though the "smart grid" is very much a work in progress in Kentucky (and elsewhere), we are still committed to testing out smart energy tech at the CNET Smart Home. We've already added a Neurio device to track our electricity usage and have plans for a whole lot more, so stay tuned.
The midsize truck market has been dominated the last few years by the Toyota Tacoma and Nissan Frontier. While the American manufacturers have decided to get out of this market and focus solely on full sized trucks, both Toyota and Nissan have pressed on and continued to offer their midsize trucks. Despite the current generation Tacomas and Frontiers receiving only minimal updates over the past five years, sales have continued to increase and in turn, it has opened the eyes of some of the American manufacturers – most notably GM who has recently released its Colorado and Canyon into the midsize market.
With the great void of updates for the Toyota Tacoma, it was only a matter of time until the powers at be decided to give the Tacoma a complete refresh – and that time appears to be now. Released today in a very brief but to the point press release, Toyota had the following to say about the upcoming unveiling; “Toyota's rolling out the all-new 2016 Tacoma at the 2015 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on January 12, 2015.”
This one sentence press release was very brief by Toyota's standards and provides little to no additional information about the release – other than that it is coming soon. In addition, Toyota released the image above of the new Tacoma that shows the updated version will share similar styling cues to that of its big-brother, the Tundra, with “Tacoma” embossed on the tailgate.
For more on this late breaking story, stay tuned to Offroad Xtreme!
“The DNA of the Congress party is to listen to everyone, said Rahul.
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi said on Thursday that BJP wants to stifle “internal dialogue” in the country and run India like an RSS “shakha”, where they “murder individuality” and trample “divergent voices in the name of discipline”.
Advertising
Taking a dig at Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who met former PM Manmohan Singh on Wednesday, he said a listless prime minister has taken a “one-hour paathshala” from his predecessor on how to run the economy.
Rahul, who was addressing an NSUI convention here, said the Modi government has made the Opposition's job easier by committing one mistake after the other. Slamming Modi's pet Make in India project, he argued that job creation in the past year of NDA rule has been dismal.
[related-post]
“Yesterday, Manmohan Singh said the economy is going down. After that the PM took an hour-long paathshaala from him. He cannot understand how an economy is run. Manmohan Singh helped him understand it. I will ask him,” he said.
Claiming that Congress believes in internal dialogue, Rahul said “It is in our DNA…Outsiders may think there is disorder and confusion. But this is the strength of Congress. We understand India's complexity and different ideologies. We say let everyone come, sit together and speak on issues…a compromise and a solution will emerge.”
He added: “Look at the other side. Look at RSS shakhas. People stand in a straight line. If somebody utters a word, he is hit with a lathi. Talk to any RSS leader. They say this is how things have been for a thousand years and this is how it should be for another thousand years.
Stating that RSS uses discipline as an excuse to murder individuality, the Congress vice-president said: “…Haat kaise marte hain…Germany mein marte the (They raise their arms like they did in Germany)… This thought is running the country today,” he said.
Rahul Gandhi at the NSUI national convention in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by Renuka Puri)
In a scathing attack on Modi, Rahul said: “Nowadays, only one man knows everything. You talk of farmers, education or clothes, only one man knows the answers.” He added: “Modiji talks about helping the poor. He went to France, US, China and Mongolia but not to the house of a farmer or a labourer. He had said he would bring back black money in 100 days. They are celebrating their government's first birthday and there is still no sign of black money coming back.”
Alleging that RSS is spreading its tentacles in the HRD Ministry, Rahul asked students to stop the organisation from “imposing its ideology.”
“Earlier, eminent scientists gave suggestions to IITs. Now they don't. This is because a certain ideology is being imposed,” he said.
Advertising
Rahul stressed on India's diversity. “There are thousands of ideologies in India. We say let all of us talk and find a solution. They say, ‘We will tell you what to speak and what to do'”, he said.
A LONELY penguin is looking for love – and is using a dating website to find a suitable mate.
The search for a partner for Weymouth Sea Life Centre resident Spruce has found a suitable outlet in the singles dating service Plenty of Fish.
On his profile Spruce is described as a "single penguin looking for chicks".
It is hoped the page will be seen by other penguin carers from around the world, although any potential female partner will have to be prepared to move to Weymouth to be with Spruce.
The one-year-old male Humboldt penguin, is part of a colony at Sea Life, but staff say the other penguins in his group are either male or already coupled up.
Although Spruce is still quite young his keepers say he seems eager to find a partner.
After searching for potential mates at other Sea Life centres with no luck staff decided to spread their search further afield with the help of the aptly-named dating site.
Spruce's dating profile says he is a "non-smoker with an athletic body type, under 5ft", whose likes include "seafood and swimming" and his favourite bands are "Reel Big Fish and Noah and the Whale".
It states he is looking for "a partner for life who I can make some little chicks with, as I'm a family man at heart".
His carer Sarah Everett is appealing for the public to share Spruce's profile and spread the word to find him a partner.
She said: "Our team hand reared Spruce from a chick and we successfully reintroduced him into our penguin colony.
"All the adult penguins are now entering their breeding season and are busy making nests.
"It would be nice for Spruce to have another single penguin to spend his time with, rather than his keepers."
She added: "Penguins are very affectionate birds by nature and often mate for life.
"I really want to see Spruce settle down with the right girl and after searches for potential mates at other Sea Life centres proved fruitless I thought it was time to look further afield."
Spruce's search for love follows conservationists in Kenya putting the profile of Sudan, the last male white rhino, on dating site Tinder to highlight the plight of the planet's most endangered creature.
Sarah said: "Plenty of Fish has been really useful as a means of putting information about Spruce online so I can share the link on social media and send it to other penguin carers around the world."
She said staff wouldn't normally expect a Humboldt penguin to be looking for a mate so young, but Spruce appears to be an 'early starter' so they have decided to make enquiries now.
Bloodlines and other factors will have to be investigated before the mate, if found, can be moved into the colony.
In the wild, Humboldt penguins colonise on the coasts of Chile and Peru where there are estimated to be fewer than 10,000 pairs still surviving.
Penguin colonies at aquariums like Weymouth Sea Life Park may one day provide a vital lifeline for this endangered species.
The main causes of the penguins' decline are climate change, habitat destruction, overfishing of the fish they eat and nest destruction due to commercial guano harvesting.
Nicolas Anelka is set to be be charged by the Football Association on Tuesday over his controversial ‘quenelle' gesture, while Zoopla is to scrap its £3million sponsorship of West Bromwich Albion over the affair.
Anelka played for 77 minutes of Albion's Premier League 1-1 draw with Everton on Monday night night and is expected to discover his fate from the FA on Tuesday morning.
The former France international faces a minimum ban of five matches under new anti-racism rules if he is found guilty.
The FA has taken more than three weeks to reach a decision, following an extensive investigation into the controversial gesture, which has been branded as a “Nazi salute in reverse” by Jewish organisations.
The FA has been coming under increasing pressure to punish the 34-year-old for using the gesture in his goal celebration at West Ham United last month and Anelka could be hit with a lengthy suspension if found guilty.
Luis Suárez and John Terry were banned for eight and four matches respectively in 2012 for racially abusing opponents, and the FA has been determined to ensure its investigation into Anelka is legally watertight, in what has represented a huge challenge to the governing body.
Zoopla, the club's principal sponsors, had wanted Albion to drop their summer signing for last night's game but the club have pledged to continue considering Anelka for selection while the investigation is ongoing.
This was the forward's third ­successive Premier League game since the incident at the Boleyn Ground and he produced a lively ­performance, with Albion fans chanting his name frequently throughout the first half.
Pepe Mel, the new head coach, said he had spoken with Anelka before the game to assess his state of mind. “Nicolas is a very good player, a good professional and I'm only the head coach,” he said. “If they suspend him, I won't be able to play him. But in the club we only have to think about football and how to win games.
“I spoke with him on Sunday and said to me that he was ready to play and no more. I have the obligation of thinking in football and what is best for the team.
“The players only think about ­playing and training. They are young people who enjoy their profession. We have to leave these things until they are resolved.”
Zoopla has grown increasingly perturbed by Albion's stance and issued a statement before the game announcing that it would not be extending its two-year contract, which expires at the end of the season.
The property website is co-owned by Alex Chesterman, a Jewish businessman who was recently named by Property Week as one of the 100 most important people in the UK residential property industry, and it said that it would be terminating the agreement because of the affair.
A statement read: “Zoopla has been reviewing its position over the past few weeks in light of the actions of striker, Nicolas Anelka, during the match against West Ham over the Christmas period and has decided to focus its attention on other marketing activities after this season.
“Zoopla has worked closely with the Club and the local community throughout its two-season sponsorship, having committed over £100,000 to the Albion Foundation and other local charities, and will continue to meet its obligations for the rest of the current season.”
Lawrence Hall, the company's head of communications, added: “Through our sponsorship of West Bromwich Albion we are pleased to have supported the local community and charities. In recent weeks, however, we have decided to re-evaluate this sponsorship and as a result we will focus our attention on other marketing activities from the end of the season.”
While the fall-out over the Anelka investigation threatened to overshadow Mel's first game in English football, Everton also wasted a chance to move into fourth place.
Kevin Mirallas had given the visitors the lead but Everton were punished for a poor second-half performance when Diego Lugano equalised 15 minutes from time.
Roberto Martínez, the Everton manager, said he was confident of Leighton Baines would agreea new contract this week. He is also close to strengthening his squad by signing striker Lacina Traoré on loan from Monaco.
Traoré, 23, was poised to join West Ham last week but is now likely a move to Everton for the rest of the season if the club succeed with a work permit.
“Lacina is a player I really like and would fit in really well to the role we want,” Martínez said. “There are a couple of hurdles we need to look at, like the work permit, but we are very keen to add him to the squad.”
“Every work permit is difficult but we believe we have a strong case. He is a very talented footballer and hopefully we can get something agreed this week.”
Seamus Coleman, the Everton defender, will be assessed on Tuesday after suffering a hamstring injury late in the game.
Accenture, an American management consultancy, technology services and outsourcing firm in Dhaka, today announced to terminate all its 556 employees from November.
Top officials of Accenture Communications Infrastructure Solutions Limited (ACISL) confirmed the decision. However, the firm did not specify the reason behind the decision.
“All the employees received an e-mail containing notice for termination of contract from the chief operating officer (COO) of the company today,” said Shahin Ahmed, general secretary of Accenture Employees' Union, Bangladesh.
Earlier in another e-mail on July 17, Accenture said both Accenture and Telenor Group have taken a look on how to serve the evolving needs of the business.
Accenture entered Bangladesh acquiring 51 percent share of the Grameenphone's IT subsidiary GPIT in 2013.
Back on January 28, 2011, Grameenphone launched the country's leading IT service company GPIT, that mainly served the market's leading mobile operator of the country and Telenor's other ventures in different countries.
The European Union's handling of the ongoing refugee crisis has been “miserable,” says Seyla Benhabib, Eugene Meyer Professor of Political Science and Philosophy at Yale University who also slams the “narrow-minded selfishness” of several Central European countries, while describing the camp in northern Calais as a “human disgrace.”
Speaking to Kathimerini on the occasion of a visit to Athens for an event organized by the Harvard Business School Club of Greece and the Solidarity Now network this week, the Turkish-American academic also talked about Turkey's authoritarian turn and the rise of Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump.
How well has the EU managed, in its attempts to tackle the refugee crisis, to respect the claims of diverse democratic communities, including their distinctive cultural, legal and constitutional self-understandings, while strengthening their commitments to emerging norms of cosmopolitical justice?
The EU's handling of the refugee crisis has been miserable. Not only have some member-states exhibited a remarkably narrow-minded selfishness and egotism – take Hungary, Poland, Slovakia and Austria, which joined them somewhat later – but, together with some major EU states such as the UK and France, they have all probably violated “non-refoulement” clauses of the Geneva Conventions by failing to admit refugees into their territories before testing the legitimacy of their cases for asylum. What is the camp at Calais but a human disgrace, showing the lack of principle of confusion in the hearts and minds of current EU politicians?
[Hungarian Prime Minister] Viktor Orban's game has been visible for some years: to come as close as he can to a presidential one-party system within the constraints of the EU while continuing to receive EU subsidies and benefits. What I don't understand is how democrats such as [British Prime Minister] David Cameron and [French President] Francois Hollande look at the misery of asylum seekers on their territory and fail to respect human rights agreements incorporated into the European Convention of Human Rights and the European Charter of Fundamental Rights and Freedoms.
The only countries that have tried to live up to those conventions and hold up some form of cosmopolitan obligations owed to all human beings simply because they are human, are Germany, Italy, Greece, Spain, Portugal and Sweden – and certainly Norway, which is not an EU member.
The absurdities of the Dublin agreement, which makes countries of first entry in the Mediterranean such as Greece, Italy and Spain the sole ones responsible for processing asylum applications, is patently clear. It is a form of pretending to comply with international refugee conventions while burdening economically more disadvantaged countries to do the EU's work.
By agreeing to take in refugees from Syria, Germany has already abdicated the Dublin convention. But, in that case, why do they continue to burden Greece rather than airlifting the refugees and testing their asylum applications on German territory instead of letting them be subject to police, dogs and tear gas in the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia?
Europe is reliving a bad World War II movie.
What is your view on the one-in, one-out deal agreed between the EU and Turkey?
The whole situation with Turkey is bizarre and not easily analyzed: First, at the present time, Turkey is the world's largest recipient of refugees – close to 3.2 million. And this started before the Syrian refugee crisis: There are close to 1 million Iranians, Iraqis as well as Afghans in Turkey who have been arriving throughout the 1990s.
Adding to the complexities of the situation is the fact that Turkey is not a signatory to the 1967 Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees, because Turkey restricts the definition of the refugee only to one who escaped from European territories prior to 1951 for fear of “well-grounded persecution.” This means that, in terms of international law, Turkey is under no obligation to accept refugees from other parts of the world. Yet Turkey has one of the most generous refugee policies in the world currently. Why?
In the case of the Syrian refugees, it is partly neo-Ottoman largesse, partly realpolitik of the Erdoğan government to try and influence political events in Syria, and partly sheer anarchy enabled by smuggling routes throughout the Aegean as well as by more benign family, religious and commercial contacts across a very long and somewhat porous border with Syria.
Given this situation and the widespread sense in Turkey that the EU is anti-Muslim and xenophobic in their treatment of Syrian, Iraqi and other refugees, the Turkish government is in part scoring a point by highlighting its own generosity.
Second, logistically and financially, Turkey, like Greece, is under pressure in terms of settling, employing and integrating these refugees. In the case of Greece, it is expected that at some point the majority of the refugees will be able to travel to their European host countries. Turkey does not have this guarantee, so it is facing an influx of another 200,000 refugees at a time when the economy is beginning to show signs of weakness.
So I don't think it is unreasonable to ask for burden-sharing with the EU as well as increased financial and logistical help from the UNHCR and the international community for Greece as well as as for Turkey.
However, this should not be tit for tat. That is a political game that the German government in particular and Turkey are playing with each other. Rather, one should find a way of consulting and enabling refugees themselves who already have family in the rest of Europe or who can demonstrate some decent professional as well as educational reason for wanting to move to the EU, to do so. What number will this be? Who knows?
The main moral issue here is not to play ping-pong with human beings whose lives and fortunes have been destroyed, but to find compassionate and humane solutions for them to have a new future.
How do you explain the rise of Donald Trump in US presidential politics? Does it not threaten the core of American exceptionalism – the idea of a country founded not on common race, religion etc, but on certain universal principles?
The American people are angry; the so-called “middle class” – and don't forget in the USA an autoworker who made $80,000 a year or an administrative assistant who made $60,000 is also considered middle class – is disappearing under the weight of unpaid mortgages, the rising cost of education, rising healthcare costs in those states where insurance companies can use “Obamacare” to their advantage, declining substructure in transportation and municipal facilities – there is a downward socioeconomic spiral taking place in the USA and growing income inequality in the population.
Like all right-wing demagogues in human history, Trump is appealing to “ressentiment” – anger and disgust at the weak and admiration for the rich and the powerful.
As a student of European philosophy and history, I see no mystery in the Trump phenomenon. Remember Mussolini, remember Franco – the only difference is that he does not have an organized party and a paramilitary.
But the same election season that has produced Trump has also produced the first publicly social democratic candidate in the country – Bernie Sanders. Many white working-class people are not being seduced by Trump but are voting for Bernie. So the country is polarized but it has not given up its constitutional principles.
Even Trump has his contradictions: He does not like Mexicans but he loves Polish and Ukrainian workers; he brags that his son-in-law is Jewish and his third wife is from Slovenia. There can be no “pure” races in the United States – not possible. We are a multicultural, multiethnic society.
Having said that, let me also admit that Trump's anxieties are like Orban's (except that Orban does not like Jews either): the declining fate of the white Christian races of European origin!
Does Trump's electoral appeal, and that of other xenophobes in Europe, point to a rejection of all forms of globalization – not just economic, but also of any conception of global rights/justice? Was the West only a fair-weather proponent of globalization?
I don't think so at all – we are currently experiencing the rise of a form of “authoritarian state capitalism” in countries such as Russia, Singapore and Turkey, and the USA, under the Trump formula, is tempted by it as well. The lingering effects of the crisis of 2008, the inability of the international community to rein in the banks and the financial sector – under which you in Greece have suffered sufficiently – the inability to control offshore capital investments via taxes – all these factors are making people desperate and are leading them to turn away from electoral multiparty democracies to authoritarian solutions.
We must also not forget the rise of Islamist fundamentalist movements and their cultural challenge to the West, which they see as weak, corrupt, self-centered and incapable of sacrifice. The violence and fear that they are causing in Western societies are also destabilizing the population.
We can only realize the program of cosmopolitan human rights if we can disassociate them from the triumph of neo-liberalism and financial capital that care nothing about political and communities but only look at the bottom lines of profit. Markets are not polities and they do not pursue the same goals. In fact, contemporary global legal developments are enabling some companies to sue national parliaments for putting their peoples' interests above that of the corporations. This is a phenomenon that cripples democracy and self-governance.
As you above all know in Greece, the austerity principles of the EU enable the EU to get cheap credit in financial markets and keep the rating of its bonds high, but it is devastating for human beings and for democratic polities.
We need a cosmopolitan politics of human rights, including the human right to a decent global living standard, to do battle against neo-liberal financial capital markets.
But even if such a struggle seems remote, much of my recent work shows that the spread of a global human rights regime has had tremendous consequences for mobilizing women, ethnic, linguistic and other minorities, for the rights of the disabled and of refugees and undocumented migrants the world over.
Three years ago, you wrote in the New York Times, “Turkey's record on journalistic and artistic freedoms is abysmal; rights of assembly and protest are also increasingly restricted.” How much worse is it today?
Unfortunately the situation is much, much worse. Turkey is fast moving toward an authoritarian presidential system. The goal is not only to have a president – [Recep Tayyip] Erdoğan has been elected – but also to transform the constitution in such a way as to give the office of the president “emergency powers,” as in the Weimar Republic: the right to declare a “state of emergency” and to rule by “decree” rather than by general legislation.
Why did Turkey get there? This is a question that I am still asking myself, because the AK Party accomplished a great deal in the 12 years it was in power: It opened civil society to a more pluralistic, multicultural and liberal understanding of Turkey's past, it criticized the dogmatic laicite that ruled the country, it enabled small business enterprises and successful peasants in Anatolia to join a national and global economy, it introduced universal healthcare and, above all, it got the army out of politics in the country.
I think that two developments signaled to Erdoğan that his reign was coming to an end: first the coup against him and his son conducted by the Gulen movement that failed to achieve its goal in the fall of 2013, and second, the rise of the Kurdish party, HDP, with its multiculturalist and democratic agenda, like SYRIZA or Podemos. These developments indicated to him that there were real challenges ahead to his reign and that it would end sooner or later.
But as Machiavelli says, a wounded and vulnerable Prince will be more violent than a strong and confident one.
Detectives hunting the “vicious and cowardly” robbers who attacked an 80-year-old miner in his home and stole his life savings will today appeal for information 50 days on from the raid.
Former miner Tommy Ward was left horrifically injured when raiders broke into his home in Maltby, South Yorkshire, on October 1, taking a safety deposit box containing thousands of pounds.
Tommy Ward
Mr Ward suffered a broken jaw in two places, a fractured skull and his index finger was snapped during the “aggravated burglary”. He remains in hospital in a serious condition with what police say is a ‘significant neurological injury'.
South Yorkshire Police are now distributing appeal posters throughout Rotherham borough in the hope that it will jog peoples' memories and encourage them to come forward to help with the investigation.
And Mr Ward's daughter will today join Detective Inspector Richard Partridge, who is leading the investigation, in a press conference where they will appeal for information.
Mr Partridge, who is overseeing the investigation, said: “I'm very grateful to the local community and the wider public in Rotherham for their continued support as we carry out our enquiries into this vicious and cowardly assault.
“This assault has shocked what is a tight-knit local community and has left Mr Ward's family devastated.” Detective Inspector Richard Partridge, South Yorkshire Police
“Mr Ward's injuries are significant and the attack happened in his own home, therefore we must be sure we have gathered every bit of information available to us so we can piece together what happened to him.
“As I'm sure many of you can appreciate, this assault has shocked what is a tight-knit local community and has left Mr Ward's family devastated, so I'd ask again that anyone with any information gets in touch.
“I firmly believe the answer to what happened to Mr Ward lies in the local community and I know there will be people in Maltby with suspicions around who is responsible.
“Ask yourself if a family member or friend has behaved strangely since the attack? Did you see anyone with blood stained clothes?
“What happened to Mr Ward was a brutal attack on a vulnerable man in his own home and those responsible do not deserve to be shielded by anyone.
“Even if you feel your information is not that significant, I would urge you to contact us as the smallest detail could be crucial to our investigation.”
A substantial amount of money is believed to have been taken from Mr Ward's home, along with a safety deposit box.
A box similar to the one that was reported stolen was recovered in the Kilnhurst area of Rotherham around two weeks later by a man walking his dog, but no money was found inside.
Two 19-year-old men remain on police bail after being arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and burglary.
Mr Partridge said: “We cannot be sure that the box recovered is the one from Mr Ward's home and I would also like to stress that while we may have made arrests, this remains an incredibly active investigation.”
In the days after the brutal attack on Mr Ward, his family appealed for information to “help nail the monsters who did this to our dad.”
A crowd-funding campaign to get back the £30,000 stolen from his home, organised by a national newspaper, raised the required money within a few days of being launched.
Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111, quoting incident number 408 of 1 October 2015.
Geraldine Ferraro was the first woman on a major party's presidential ticket. Geraldine Ferraro dies at 75
Geraldine Ferraro, the Queens congresswoman who made history as the first woman to serve on a major party's presidential ticket, died Saturday. She was 75.
Her family said she passed away at Massachusetts General Hospital of complications from multiple myeloma, a blood cancer she struggled with for 12 years.
Story Continued Below
Eager to shake up a race he was losing, Walter Mondale chose Ferraro as his running mate on the Democrats' 1984 ticket. The pair lost the race badly, carrying only Minnesota and the District of Columbia against Ronald Reagan, but Ferraro became an inspiration for women in both parties to get into politics.
“Every time a woman runs, women win,” Ferraro famously said.
Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright served as Ferraro's foreign policy adviser on the 1984 campaign and recalled that the New Yorker drew large, enthusiastic crowds but also tough scrutiny.
“When she stepped up on the stage at the San Francisco convention, that really opened the door in so many different ways,” Albright told POLITICO. “People questioned, frankly, whether a woman could do foreign policy. They asked her if she could press the nuclear button — questions they don't ask men. But she cut through it all.”
Rep. Carolyn Maloney (D-N.Y.), who now represents part of Ferraro's old district and named a post office after her in Queens, was at the Moscone Center in San Francisco that July night when the then-48-year-old, three-term House member accepted the vice-presidential nomination.
“It was the ultimate breaking of the glass ceiling,” Maloney said in an interview Saturday. “She gave that glorious speech in that white suit and they remember they put me on television because I had tears running down my face.”
Her voice breaking, Maloney called Ferraro “a wonderful friend, a role model and a mentor to me.”
Mondale remembered with pride his “very feisty” running mate, whom he last spoke with two weeks ago.
“She was very competitive and effective and had a spirited belief in social justice,” he told the Minneapolis Star Tribune.
Sarah Palin, the only other woman to be a major party's nominee for vice president, recalled chatting with Ferraro on election night last November about “our excited expectation that someday that final glass ceiling would be shattered by the election of a woman president.”
“To be a pioneer means you go before others and prepare the way,” Palin said on Fox News. “She plowed through so many things that have allowed the rest of us to be able to progress because [of her], standing on her shoulders. I just can't say enough good things about what it is she accomplished.”
Ferraro, an outspoken feminist, worked intensely for women's equality through groups like Emily's List, which issued a statement praising her, and on behalf of other female candidates. She was a high-profile surrogate for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign in 2008 and made waves for repeatedly accusing the media of sexist coverage.
Ferraro became a harsh critic of Barack Obama and his candidacy as Clinton faltered. After suggesting that Obama was ahead “in large measure because he is black,” she resigned her position on Clinton's finance committee in March 2008. The president, who called Ferraro's comments “patently absurd” three years ago, put old grudges aside in a Saturday statement.
“Sasha and Malia will grow up in a more equal America because of the life Geraldine Ferraro chose to live,” Obama said.
The Berejiklian government has defended moves to rush through legislation to keep open a coal mine in Sydney's catchment despite impacts on water quality, with one minister declaring, "if you want a friend, get yourself a piece of coal".
The legislation, aimed at nullifying a Court of Appeal ruling in August that declared the extension of the Springvale coal mine invalid, was expected to pass the lower house on Tuesday and be voted on in the upper house on Wednesday.
Chris Jonkers of the Lithgow Environment Group at East Wolgan swamp, which has been extensively damaged by subsidence from the underground coal mine. Credit:Wolter Peeters
Planning minister Anthony Roberts lugged a large lump of coal into question time and placed it on the dispatch box while answering a question about the bill that aims to ensure coal supplies to the nearby Mount Piper power plant are not disrupted.
"This amazing piece of black rock keeps you cool in summer, warm in winter, it produces power to power electric motor vehicles," Mr Roberts said, echoing theatrics by the Turnbull government in February.
A hearing about the extension of the 2010 Food Truck Pilot Program is at 2 PM today at City Hall. Food trucks have been the obsession of the Cincinnati food community– new ones seem to pop up every week– but their future is in jeopardy with the changes to the Food Truck Pilot program, as well as the recent enforcement of an out-of-date ordinance dating to the late 70s.
The Food Truck pilot program, initiated in June of 2010, allowed food trucks and trailers to provide food in several zones around the city: one on Court Street, one at Fifth and Race, one at Sawyer Point, and one at the L&N Loop, north of Pete Rose Way. The ordinance defines operating hours as 6:30 AM-3:30 AM, except for Court Street, which is only from 6 AM-3 PM. Fees ranged from $400 a year for a trailer and $800 for a larger truck. Electricity was provided.
Changes, however, are coming, and will be discussed at a public hearing today. These changes include:
no more tiered pricing, and the top-end pricing is raised $200 to $1000
More licenses available (a total of 25)
No use of city electrical outlets on Court Street
I talked with Tom Acito, one of the first food truck vendors with Cafe de Wheels, about these changes. He had several concerns, including the large number of licenses, but small number of viable truck spaces, and lack of electrical outlets. “There are only eight spots that are truly viable for food trucks,” said Acito, referring to the distant outposts of L&N and Sawyer Point. “And we make 40% of our income on Friday afternoons. There's a hit or miss chance of being able to park where the foot traffic is, and it causes tension.” There has been no expansion of locations. “We asked for a spot near P&G, or the ballparks, or near clubs: where the people are,” instead of places with little foot traffic.
There are additional roadblocks put up by the city. Though the health department has been “very helpful and [they] work with us,” said Acito, other parts of the City's bureaucracy have been less than cooperative. “The Park Board wants to charge us $400 just for [a permit for] the Northside Fourth of July festival. The city doesn't allow us to participate in events like Taste [of Cincinnati] or Oktoberfest because we don't have a booth. We are our own booth!” Though the ordinance allowing food trucks allows late night hours, recently police have started to enforce an ordinance from the late 70s, 839-11b, which states that vendors cannot operate after midnight. On a recent Friday night, Acito and Cafe de Wheels were asked by police to close up shop as a line formed outside of The Drinkery in OTR. “The police are just doing their job, but [that ordinance] is outdated,” said Acito. “A big hunk of my income comes from late nights.”
Several vendors, whom Acito declined to name, are reconsidering renewing their licenses after this year, based on limited space, higher fees, and lack of electric. “The city looks at us as cash cows,” said Acito. “But all of us have spouses who hold down full-time jobs. I don't pay myself much each week.”
The regulations around food trucks are a test of Cincinnati as a city: can we support non-traditional food services? Can we rebuild entertainment districts with bars and mobile food options as well as late-night, full-service restaurants? Can Cincinnati rethink its outdated ordinances around late-night vending? Can we embrace what many other cities have already? Head to City Hall at 12 PM and voice your support for food trucks.
For every motorhead who has asked, "Now, why would they get rid of perfectly good car parking spots for bike corrals?": A new Portland State University study has a pretty good answer.
Actually, it can be summarized this way for Portland area businesses: Cha-ching!
In the report "Consumer Behavior and Travel Mode Choices," (PDF) a team of researchers finds that non-car users handily outspend drivers at restaurants and bars.
Why?
Is it because fewer trips to the gas pump leave bicyclists, pedestrians and transit users with more disposable income?
Is it because it's easier to stop off at a local business when you're not driving?
Maybe. And possible. Actually, Professor Kelly J. Clifton, who led the study for the Oregon Transportation Research and Education Consurtium, can't pinpoint a solid reason for the spending discrepancy.
Yet.
Clifton, who called the study the first of its kind, said, "the results are an important first step in understanding the relationships between business patronage and transportation."
Although the study examined only a few business types, mostly food related, it was clear that car-free patrons are the most frequent and spend-happy consumers. "What I think this means is that as cities move to make their transportation system more multimodal, we have some evidence that it is not bad for those business types included in our study," Clifton said.
Of course, there's also no denying that "built environment" matters.
The study found residential and employment density, the proximity to rail transit, the presence of bike lanes and the amount of automobile and bicycle parking all likely play into the equation.
"In particular," Clifton writes in her report, "provision of bike parking and bike corrals are significant predictors of bike mode share at the establishment level."
Researchers surveyed customers at 89 businesses in the Portland metro area. Merchants tend to overestimate the number of patrons who use automobiles, leading them "resist measures to support multimodal travel, such as reducing parking or installing bike lanes, for fear the developments will hurt their businesses," according to the report.
However, in some Portland neighborhoods, there's evidence that's a fading worry.
View City of Portland On-Street Bicycle Parking Corrals in a larger map
Around the city, the Bureau of Transportation removes car parking spots to install a bike corral only when a business request one.
In 2008, there were 10 bike corrals in the city. Today, the number is approaching 100 with a long waiting list. And it's not hard on a clear day to find many of them popping at the staples with locked-up bicycles.
"Estimates put the total number of bike parking spaces in (the corrals) at more than 1,500 and the total number of car parking spaces removed to create corrals at more than 150," said PBOT spokesman Dan Anderson.
The city currently has more than 50 applications on the waiting list for bike corrals. "Another 50 businesses have expressed interest in getting a corral," Anderson said.
With a little courage and the right planning, suburban commercial areas could be next, Clifton said. "There is evidence that there is a significant amount of nonmotorized activity outside of Portland," she said. "I think that if we can better connect residential areas with retail by walking and cycling, we will see people use them."
Because many suburban shopping districts are out of walking distance from residential tracts, the bike may be even more important to focus on, Clifton said.
Businesses were selected based upon several factors surrounding the establishment, Clifton said. "The land use and transportation characteristics," she said. "The site design. Their willingness to participate. We wanted a variety of environments in terms of their automobile and transit access, and walkable and bikeable attributes."
Meanwhile, according to Grist, a new bicycling superpower is challenging Portland's and Minneapolis' bikeable-city supremacy: Chicago.
The city is rolling out an impressive plan build 645 miles of bike lanes by 2020. And, if the PSU study is on target, that means double green for Second City's merchants.
Of course, researchers found that one food-related business where motorists still spend more than car-free consumers: Supermarkets.
That makes sense, given that it's easier for drivers to load up on groceries. Then again, cargo bikes are becoming more and more ubiquitous in the Portland area.
-- Joseph Rose
Had Donald Trump spent an entire year scouring the country for someone to weaken clean air and clean water laws and repudiate America's leadership role in the global battle against climate change, he could not have found a more suitable candidate than Scott Pruitt, the Oklahoma attorney general, whom he picked on Wednesday to run the Environmental Protection Agency.
This is an aggressively bad choice, a poke in the eye to a long history of bipartisan cooperation on environmental issues, to a nation that has come to depend on the agency for healthy air and drinkable water, and to 195 countries that agreed in Paris last year to reduce their emissions of climate-changing greenhouse gases in the belief that the United States would show the way. A meeting Monday between Mr. Trump and Al Gore had raised hope among some that the president-elect might reverse his campaign pledge to withdraw the United States from the Paris accord. The Pruitt appointment says otherwise.
Since becoming Oklahoma's top legal officer in 2011, Mr. Pruitt has been a bitter opponent of the E.P.A., joining in one lawsuit after another to kill off federal environmental regulations. He has challenged standards for reducing soot and smog pollution that cross state lines. He has fought protections against mercury, arsenic and other toxic pollutants from power plants. He has sued to overturn an E.P.A. rule modestly enlarging the scope of the Clean Water Act to protect streams and wetlands vital to the nation's water supply.
More recently — and of greater interest to the world community — he has joined with other states in a coordinated effort to overturn the E.P.A.'s Clean Power Plan, the centerpiece of President Obama's regulatory efforts to reduce carbon pollution. If approved by a federal court, the plan could transform the electricity sector, close down hundreds of coal-fired power plants and encourage the growth of cleaner energy sources like wind and solar.
Honey crystallization, often referred to as granulation, is a natural phenomenon by which honey turns from a liquid to semi-solid state with granular composition. After being extracted from the honeycomb, honey tends to crystallize much faster than if it were in the wax cells.
Quite often honey crystallization is “misunderstood” by honey consumers. A number of them assume that honey crystallizes (granulates) due to poor quality, bad storage or because it is unnatural and adulterated. Actually, just the opposite holds true. If honey does not crystallize for a long time, except for those types of honey in which the natural crystallization process goes slower (acacia) , that often is a clear indication for honey adulteration, dilution, etc.
Liquid honey usually is the best honey for sale, but quite often not the best honey to buy.
Don't miss "Where to buy raw honey?" .
Crystallization by no means changes the quality of honey. It only affects some external features, like change of color and texture. This is quite a natural process and if the honey in the honey jar in our kitchen has crystallized, it does not at all mean that it is spoilt and is no longer fit for consumption. It is good to know that crystallization is an attribute of pure natural honey.
Why does honey crystallize?
Simply put, honey is a highly concentrated sugar (carbohydrate) solution. Typically, it contains more than 70% carbohydrates and less than 20% water. It is obvious that in percentage terms, sugars are predominant. This means that water in honey contains much greater amount of sugars than it can naturally dissolve. The overabundance of sugars makes the solution unstable. Since everything in nature seeks balance, including honey, crystallization is an absolutely natural phenomenon which occurs when glucose separates from water, after which glucose remains in the form of crystals and the initial concentrated solution gets into a balanced state. Let us go into the subject a bit deeper, without complicating things.
What determines when and how honey will crystallize?
There are two main types of sugars in the carbohydrate composition of honey. These are fructose and glucose (the invert sugar in honey) . The content of fructose and glucose is different depending on the type of honey. Generally, fructose ranges from 30 to 44%, and glucose from 25% to 40%. That gives us a major clue. The balance between those two basic monosaccharides in the composition of honey is the main reason for honey crystallization and determines whether a certain type of honey would crystallize faster or slower. As a matter of fact, glucose is the underlying cause of crystallization because of its lower solubility compared with that of fructose which remains in a liquid state due to its better solubility. When glucose crystallizes, it separates from water and turns into small crystals, as mentioned above.
Different types of honey crystallize at different rates (from 1-2 months to more than 2 years). Some types of honey crystallize completely, while others do not undergo such a steady process. For example, it can be observed how in a jar of honey there is a crystallized layer on the bottom, and another layer of liquid honey on the top. Different types of honey differ in the size of the crystals formed. Basically, the faster the honey crystallizes, the finer the crystals are.
Crystallized honey tends to set a paler color than when liquid.
Besides, there are a number of other factors, some more substantial than others, that could initiate, accelerate or slow down the process of crystallization. It is even possible, under certain conditions, that honey would crystallize several days after the extraction. Honey components, which include other carbohydrates besides glucose and fructose, as well as 300 other substances, like amino acids, proteins, minerals, acids, etc., may also affect the crystallization process. Furthermore, the whole process could be accelerated, if some dust, floral pollen, bits of wax or foreign crystals get into the honey. Basically, if you like honey in such a state and are eager to have it crystallized, you could considerably accelerate the process by adding a spoon of crystallized honey to the liquid honey.
Temperature, relative humidity and the type of packaging could also make a difference. In cases where considerable delay in crystallization is desired, as far as that is possible, it is the temperature that should be mainly considered. At room temperature, the crystallization process, depending on the type of honey, would start in several weeks, months, and very rarely in several days.
Cooler temperatures (below 10°C) are ideal for crystallization delay, whereas temperatures from 10°C to 21°C favor the process. Higher temperatures (21°C - 27°C) delay crystallization like the lower ones, but could affect negatively some of the valuable honey components (at long-term storage). Still higher temperatures successfully prevent crystallization, but irrevocably spoil (destroy) honey at long-term storage with no less success.
Both subzero and extreme temperatures affect honey negatively. It is interesting to mention the results of some studies which show that honey could remain in its liquid state for a considerable amount of time if kept at a temperature of 0°C for at least 5 weeks, and then stored at 14°C. That is referred to as a curious fact, which honeypedia.info does not guarantee to be a 100 % true, but does not deny it either.
Ever since Reddit abruptly fired Victoria Taylor, the company's popular director of talent, the community has been in revolt. Hundreds of popular subreddits were effectively shut down in protest, and thousands of redditors flocked to Voat, a Swiss-based Reddit clone that emphasizes its commitment to free speech. But tensions between Reddit and its community have been building for years. Now, a former Reddit engineer believes he can save the community experiment using one of the core technologies behind bitcoin.
Ryan X. Charles, who previously worked as Reddit's cryptocurrency engineer, is already working on a prototype of a Reddit spin-off that utilizes blockchain. Blockchain, a database which notably serves as bitcoin's distributed public ledger, is cryptographically secured against revisions. That hardening means no one can manipulate existing content within the system, which could be theoretically distributed across thousands of computers.
"I think there is a huge opportunity here," Charles told WIRED. "There is a social moment happening now where people are realizing that something like that would be awesome."
That opportunity comes from the struggles Reddit has had dealing with community criticisms. Many redditors believe the company behind the popular news aggregator and message board overreaches its authority by closing subreddits deemed illegal or harassing. Just this week, Ellen Pao stepped down as Reddit's CEO following controversy over Reddit banning at least five subreddits for violating the company's new anti-harassment policy. The move was seen by some members as censorship.
Under Charles's system, that would be impossible. By leveraging bitcoin's technology, a new blockchain-based system could ensure that content cannot be retroactively removed. Instead, it would simply be up to operators of nodes, or endpoints which display data from the distributed database, to choose which information they wish to hide. If any person was upset with which information that an operator was suppressing, they could merely switch to using another competing node or start their own.
Other developers have already repurposed bitcoin for applications beyond cryptocurrencies. Last year, a Brazilian developer released a decentralized, unsuppressible Twitter-like application called Twister. Much like Charles's project, Twister leverages blockchain, but additionally implemented BitTorrent's underlying technologies to ensure users would not have to maintain servers to distribute posts to other users. Another project, Ethereum, has raised roughly $15 million to create a platform for programmers to build distributed apps atop of. Ethereum, it is believed, could power everything from distributed ride-hailing apps like Uber to social media networks.
According to Charles, Reddit's centralized structure—as the company operates all the servers, code behind the site, money, and administration—is a major source of its current woes (though, to be clear, he made this comment before the news of Pao's resignation). Blockchain is the antidote.
"The turmoil highlights the moral hazard of having a company at the middle that owns the entire experience," Charles explains. "It's inevitable that the company and the users will come into conflict sometimes. But with a centralized experience, it's extremely difficult for the users to have a say in resolving any conflicts. A decentralized approach would give more power to the users."
Another motivation behind the currently unnamed project is money. Reddit is run largely by volunteer moderators, and some redditors feel exploited by a company that profits off their donated time and labor. In a decentralized system, Charles believes that moderators and contributors could be paid based on the quality of their work. On a post to Medium, which serves as a call to arms to build a new Reddit, Charles outlines exactly how a payment system could work.
Each user has an app, the Reddit app, which connects to the Reddit p2p network. For most users, the app is a normal web app. Each user funds their own app with a small amount of bitcoin. In order to download content, the user pays a very, very small amount of bitcoin to the peers on the network. This incentivizes people to keep the app open so as to keep servicing the other users. Furthermore, when a user upvotes content, that sends a small amount of bitcoin to the author of that content, thus incentivizing the production of good content.
Charles's vision has already received some indirect support from tech investors. On July 5, the same day Charles published his Medium article, prominent venture capitalist Fred Wilson wrote a blog post analyzing Reddit's "growing pains," concluding that there is a "very interesting opportunity to build a truly decentralized media platform."
However, Charles has a long road to travel. Once the prototype is built, he will still have to enlist redditors to adopt the platform—not that there isn't precedent for such a community exodus. Much of Reddit's success can be traced to the demise of the original Digg, a similar aggregator service that alienated its userbase in 2010 following a widely-hated redesign of the product that the company would not walk back. But Charles is not sure Reddit is experiencing a Digg-like moment, saying he is "convinced the current leadership is competent and can repair the damage."
But even if Reddit regains the favor of its community, Charles is determined to move forward with the project.
"New technology has enabled new possibilities for users to be directly rewarded for their contributions. The opportunity is for something different. Not something that competes with Reddit, but something new that allows a community to have ownership over their content."
Much time and effort have been spent speculating over what Barack and Michelle will do in retirement. A few weeks ago, we noted one theory that Obama was plotting the launch of his very own "fake news" media empire (see "Obama TV: Is Obama Planning A "Fake News" Outlet Of His Own?"). Despite ruling it out several times, many have also wondered whether Michelle will follow in Hillary's footsteps and run for public office. Or, perhaps they will just take the easy way out and start a "charity" that they use as front to personally enrich themselves with massive donations from Wall Street and controversial foreign dictators.
While you can never rule any of the options above out, President Obama told NPR that he'll spend his time in retirement trying to "rehabilitate" the Democratic Party by becoming a "recruiting scout" for young talent.
President Obama sees a role for himself in rebuilding the Democratic Party after he leaves office — coach. "What I am interested in is just developing a whole new generation of talent," Obama told NPR's Steve Inskeep in an interview on Morning Edition. "There are such incredible young people who not only worked on my campaign, but I've seen in advocacy groups," Obama said. "I've seen passionate about issues like climate change, or conservation, criminal justice reform. You know, campaigns to — for a livable wage, or health insurance. And making sure that whatever resources, credibility, spotlight that I can bring to help them rise up. That's something that I think I can do well, I think Michelle can do well."
Of course, as NPR points out, Democrats will have their work cut out for them after two cycles of devastating defeats that have left Republicans with majorities in the House and Senate, 33 out of 50 governor seats and complete control of governors' offices and state legislatures in 25 states compared to only 6 states for democrats.
They'll have their work cut out for them. Republicans will control the House, Senate and White House when President-elect Donald Trump is sworn in Jan. 20. That's a reversal of the situation Obama found himself in when he took office eight years ago — the peak of massive Democratic electoral gains at the end of the Bush administration. And on the state level, Republicans head into 2017 with 33 out of 50 governors — more than in nearly 100 years. The GOP will have complete control of the governors' offices and state legislatures in 25 states, while Democrats will hold complete control in just six states. Republicans solidified gains that started in 2010 by drawing favorable congressional and statehouse districts in many states during the redistricting process. Democrats find themselves in a deep hole after an election that most party officials expected to win.
Meanwhile, echoing comments he's made before, Obama noted that the 2016 election wasn't a rejection of failed Democratic policies...
Obama told NPR that he disagreed with suggestions the party should change its policy platforms, instead attributing losses to messaging and strategy. "I don't think there's something wrong with the core argument that the Democratic Party has made for years," the president said. "And the reason we know that is because on the individual issues that Democrats talk about there's strong support. For example, the minimum wage. In every survey across the country, people support a higher minimum wage. There are clearly, though, failures on our part to give people in rural areas or in ex-urban areas, a sense day-to-day that we're fighting for them or connected to them." The president said his party has "ceded too much territory" to Republicans in local races. "I am a proud Democrat," he said, "but I do think that we have a bias towards national issues and international issues."
...but rather, a failure of Hillary to visit a sufficient number of "VFW halls and at fish fries" in the Midwest.
As he's done before, though, Obama also faulted Democrats for failing to compete — or even show up, at times — in rural areas. He talked about campaigning in rural Illinois while running for Senate and making repeated visits to Republican-friendly corners of Iowa during the 2008 campaign, "and just sitting down in people's living rooms and VFW halls and at fish fries and listening to people." "Which meant that in 2012," the president continued, "I might still lose the overall vote and some of these counties or some of these voting districts but I might lose 55-45 or 60-40, rather than 80-20."
We wish Mr. Obama the very best in finding new Democratic "talent" willing to peddle all the same policies adopted by he and Hillary over the past 8 years but roundly rejected by voters just over a month ago...we hope his efforts serve the democratic party well.
Elite Calgary escorts Agency
Located in Alberta City, Calgary has its own distinctive charm and appeal! And when it comes to the woman here with whom you can get naughty and have a private, discreet bond without any strings attached, you sign up for an enchantress who will seduce you and take you to a zone of sensual trance. At least, when you are joining hands with Calgary Escorts, thats exactly what youll be paired up with and nothing less than that. Our team of elite Calgary escorts with their gorgeous looks, stunning persona and witty mind, would have you enticed completely and ensure complete satisfaction.
Take your pick
At Calgary Escorts we accommodate all our customer needs and requests! As an esteemed escort agency we are available 24×7 to respond to our clients requirements at an on-going basis. Therefore, we have included with us expert, trained and refined incall and outcall escorts that are willing to be your erotic companion as and when you wish to be. You simply need to choose the escort service type and inform us.
Our Exotic Escorts Gallery
We understand that most of our clients want variety when it comes to sensual escapades.? Hence, when you browse through our image gallery, you get to select from the red heads, brunettes, blondes, Asians, Latinas, English escorts as well as the voluptuous ebonys.? So go right ahead and choose whoever you will. If you want to experiment, choose two heads or three instead of one. And be rest assured that what we showcase in our website, thats exactly what we have to offer. In terms of business, we are transparent and authentic.
Confidentiality and Price
Dont worry about your privacy? We ensure complete discreetness and no one gets to know a word about your wild adventures. And in terms of price, were easy on your pockets. We charge you absolutely affordable when you hire our elite Calgary escorts.
Toronto Courtesan Ebony Escorts
Save
The iPhone was almost certainly 2009's top-selling smartphone after racking up world shipments of 24.89m units.
The figure comes from market watcher Gartner, but the conclusion is ours. Gartner revealed the figure today as the iPhone OS' share of the world smartphone market.
To put the number into context, Research in Motion' BlackBerry OS was used by 34.35m smartphones in 2009, but even that was as nothing to the 80.88m smartphones that shipped globally with the Symbian OS on board.
Those figures put Symbian's 2009 market share at 46.9 per cent, RIM's at 19.9 per cent and Apple's at 14.4 per cent. Moving down the list, we next encounter Windows Mobile (8.7 per cent), Linux (4.7 per cent), Android (3.9 per cent) and Palm's WebOS (0.7 per cent).
It's interesting that Linux and Android are listed separately, since Android is based on Linux. They are separate presumably because Android is perceived as an OS in its own right, but were their totals combined, Linux would have a larger smartphone market share almost as big as Microsoft's.
But back to the iPhone. While Apple's market share and shipment numbers are lower than both RIM and Symbian, it only makes one smartphone. RIM sells more than a dozen different models, and the number of smartphones that incorporate Symbian is even greater still.
So that's 24.89m iPhones sold, but not, say, 34.35m BlackBerry 9700s. Each Symbian phone's share of the total shipment figure - and each BlackBerry model's share of RIM's shipments, for that matter - may exceed the average for their respective OS, but we'd bet that no single model from either camp exceeds that 24.89m figure for the number of iPhones shipped.
Yes, Apple sells the iPhone 3G and the 3GS, but they're essentially the same thing, differing solely on chip speed and storage capacity. They don't differ the way the BlackBerry Bold, Curve, Storm 2 and Pearl do, for instance.
Let Apple enjoy its 'victory' - its 24.89m shipments were as nothing to the 440.88m phones of all types that Nokia shipped in 2009. Or the 235.77m Samsung sent out, the 122.06m from LG, the 58.48m from Motorola, or even the 54.87m handsets that Sony Ericsson had manufactured.
In all, 1.211 billion phones shipped in 2009, down from 1.222 billion in 2008, according to Gartner. Apple shipped a mere 2.1 per cent of them. ®
Duke freshman star Jabari Parker said Friday he still hasn't decided whether he will enter the NBA draft and will meet with coach Mike Krzyzewski next week to discuss his situation.
Parker, who is ranked as the No. 2 draft prospect by ESPN.com's Chad Ford, said he has ruled out going on a Mormon mission, leaving his decision between another year at Duke or the NBA.
Underclassmen have until April 27 to decide to enter the draft, which will be held June 26 in New York.
"It's a very tough decision, especially potentially leaving behind my coach and the program that really helped me out this year, so I really have to keep them in consideration in this whole process," Parker said Friday on ESPNLA 710.
Projected to be a top-three pick, Parker has compelling reasons to leave for the NBA, but he also has some good ones to stay at Duke.
Parker struggled in the third-seeded Blue Devils' loss to 14-seed Mercer in the NCAA tournament's round of 64, a disappointing end to an All-American season. If he returns to Durham, Duke likely will be a favorite to reach the Final Four. Parker would also have a chance to play alongside fellow Chicago native Jahlil Okafor, the nation's top high school senior, who will play for Duke next season.
Parker, who refuted a report that he already has applied for student housing at Duke for next school year, doesn't view a potential return to Durham as risky.
"I think there's no risk," Parker said. "I think the community at Duke has really done a good job of taking care of my safety and they make sure that everything is done by the playbook.
"My parents, they come from different backgrounds. They don't even value money. My situation isn't the best, but they're not complaining and I've been going on this long so why can't I wait another year? That's the mindset in my head that keeps me moving."
The 6-foot-8 Parker was second in the Atlantic Coast Conference in scoring at 19.3 points per game and led the league in rebounding (8.8 per game). He won the Wayman Tisdale Award, presented to the nation's top freshman, last month and finished second behind Creighton's Doug McDermott for the Wooden Award and the Naismith Trophy.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
On September 30, 1942, shortly after the death camps began gassing Jews, Hitler declared, “In Germany too the Jews once laughed at my prophecies. I don't know whether they are still laughing, or whether they have already lost the inclination to laugh, but I can assure you that everywhere they will stop laughing. With these prophecies I shall prove to be right.” Ad Policy Related Articles Donald Trump's Withdrawal From the Paris Accords Is a Crime Against Humanity Mark Hertsgaard Bob Massie Is Putting Climate and Democracy at the Center of the Massachusetts Governor's Race Wen Stephenson
Five weeks later, he declared, “Today countless numbers of those who laughed at that time, laugh no longer. Those who are still laughing now, also will perhaps laugh no longer after a while.”
On June 1, 2017, Donald Trump announced that he was pulling America out of the Paris climate accord. “At what point does America get demeaned? At what point do they start laughing at us as a country? We want fair treatment for its citizens and we want fair treatment for our taxpayers. We don't want other leaders and other countries laughing at us anymore, and they won't be. They won't be.”
It's not a direct quote from Hitler, but it's perilously close. Trump has, time and again, re-tweeted white nationalist and fascist tweets.
Throughout Trump's presidential campaign last year, he was dogged by rumors that he kept a book of Hitler's speeches on his bedside table. Several of his appointees have links to far-right, neo-Nazi organizations. He has, time and again, retweeted white-nationalist and fascist tweets. He struggled to disavow support from arch-racist and former KKK leader David Duke. And his Svengali, Steve Bannon, is obsessed by nationalism and seems nostalgic for a sort of Third Reich world, in which powerful nations and races impose their might on helpless, and thus rights-less, nations and races.
That Trump essentially used the Rose Garden podium yesterday to give a giant “Fuck you” to the rest of the world is bad enough. But that he paraphrased Hitler in so doing raises a stench that even the cretins who head the Republican Party ought to blanch at. Trump will, I am sure, deny any intended overlap with Hitlerian language. But, as a longtime journalist I know that my editors would red-flag an unattributed quote like this; and as a lecturer in journalism, I know that were a student of mine to try to pass such words off as original, they would be flying perilously close to a plagiarism citation.
There are other passages that seem to borrow, at least thematically, from some of Hitler's speeches. For example, “The Paris Agreement handicaps the United States' economy in order to win praise from the very foreign capitals and global activists that have long sought to gain wealth at our country's expense. They don't put America first. I do, and I always will.” There are other passages that seem to borrow, at least thematically, from some of Hitler's speeches.
It's not a huge leap from this passage to one from a speech that Hitler gave to party loyalists in Munich on February 24, 1941: “It is intolerable for us to be the puppets of other nations and to have them prescribe for us, for example, what economic policy we are to pursue. We are carrying out the economic policy which is most advantageous to the German people.”
The Führer continued: “Germany's economic policy is conducted exclusively in accordance with the interests of the German people. In this respect I am a fanatical socialist, one who has ever in mind the interests of all his people. I am not the slave of a few international banking syndicates. I am under no obligation to any capitalist group. I sprang from the German people. My Movement, our Movement, is a German people's Movement, and it is only to this German people that we are obligated. Our economic policy, I repeat, is determined solely by the interests of the German people.” Ready to Fight Back? Sign Up For Take Action Now
So, just to reiterate what has unfolded over the last days: The most powerful man on earth, the man in charge of a nation that has claimed to “lead the free world” since the end of World War II, just echoed language from the Nazi Führer in explaining why he was putting a wrecking ball to one of the most important international agreements in decades.
I'm sure Trump will find equally poetic language to use if and when he storms out of the United Nations, perhaps when international leaders critique his decisions in that forum rather than praising them as he seems to expect. After all, his oratorical mentor managed to throw quite a theatrical tantrum when taking Nazi Germany out of the League of Nations.
There's nothing quite like a good, old-fashioned murder mystery, and when it comes to creepy cold cases, Houston has plenty of 'em to choose from.
From the notorious I-45 "Killing Fields" to the grisly, gut-churning "Ice Box Murders," the Bayou City has been home to some seriously disturbing, and unsolved, murder mysteries.
But even with the vaults full of cold case files, there are five open murder cases, which span decades of Houston history, that we just can't seem to shake from our memories.
Continue Reading
These are Houston's five most unsettling -- and unsolved -- murder mysteries. Time to sleep with the lights on, folks.
Lover's Lane Murders The 1990 The Lover's Lane murder case is one of the most notorious unsolved homicides in Houston's history, and for good reason.
On August 23, 1990, 22-year-old Cheryl Henry and her 21-year-old boyfriend, Andy Atkinson, headed out for the night and didn't return. They were found brutally murdered the next day in an undeveloped, wooded area in West Houston that had been dubbed "Lover's Lane" for its reputation as a make-out spot.
The couple was not found in their car, but in the woods nearby. Cheryl had been raped and then killed. Her throat was slashed, and the killer had covered her naked body up with boards.
Andy was found tied to a tree, his throat also slashed. Reports say he was nearly decapitated. At the crime scene, police say they found a golf club lying in a field, along with three golf balls, one lined up after the other. They pointed the way to Cheryl's body.
There were also four partially deflated balloons found tied to the tree above Cheryl's body, and a crisp $20 bill was lying next to her.
According to Gary Atkinson, Andy's father, investigators told him that they believe Andy let the killer tie him to a tree. They also know that Cheryl was killed first, which means Andy was forced to listen to her scream, but was unable to help.
There has been some progress on the case in recent years. The Harris County Sheriff's Department says it has linked the grisly murders to another unsolved rape and burglary that was committed months before the Lover's Lane murders, but the case remains unsolved.
The Killing Fields Another unsolved murder mystery is not technically "a" murder, but a whole hell of a lot of murders and disappearances, all of which are linked back to the same stretch of 45 South.
Since the 1970s, more than 30 young women and girls have disappeared and their bodies found dumped in a desolate 50-mile stretch of 45 South between Houston and Galveston. Some of the bodies have turned up on a 25-acre patch about a mile from I-45 that's been dubbed "The Killing Fields."
Detectives investigating the murders and disappearances have described the remote area as a perfect dumping ground for a serial killer, which has made solving the cases almost impossible.
The quick succession of disappearances and murders has been heavily investigated over the years, but despite exhaustive efforts by the Texas City Police, who have had assistance from the FBI, very few cases have been solved in the area.
The victims range in age from 12 years old to women in their late fifties, but a harrowing number of the girls were young teenagers when they disappeared.
In a letter written to police in 1998, convicted murderer Edward Howard Bell claimed to have murdered 11 girls in Galveston County. Bell had long been a suspect in the cases, but prosecutors did not believe they had enough evidence to bring charges against him.
And in 2009 police in Louisiana arrested Kevin Edison Smith on a drug charge. The arrest helped link his DNA to the rape and strangulation of Krystal Jean Baker, who was 13 years old when she disappeared from a Texas City convenience store in 1996. In April 2012, 16 years after Baker's body was found, Smith was convicted of her murder.
The rest of the murders remain unsolved.
Orchard Apartment Murders The 1979 murder of Alys Elaine Rankin at the Orchard Apartments on Glenmont, located in the Gulfton area of Houston, came as a shock to the city.
On July 27, 1979, 33-year-old Alys's car was being repaired at a local shop and she had arranged for her coworker, Bob Smith, to pick her up for work at an engineering firm. However, when Bob approached Alys's apartment door, it was slightly ajar.
Bob peered in and found Alys naked in bed, her feet tied together, with a pillow covering her upper body.
But Bob didn't take off running. Rather, he removed the pillow and found Alys's head had been cut off. According to police, she had also been sexually assaulted.
Police later identified a trail of blood that tracked from the side of Alys's bed, where the killer apparently set down the severed head. The blood droplets continued out the apartment door and trailed down to the parking lot, stopping only at the spot where police believe the head was placed in a car.
Rankin's head has never been found, despite an extensive search.
But the Orchard Apartment murder was hardly a once-off. Exactly two weeks later, the body of Mary Michael Calcutta was found, just two floors above Rankin's apartment. The woman was found in her bathroom, fully clothed, but she had been stabbed, and her throat was cut.
Both murders remain unsolved.
The Kennedy Sisters The murder of the Kennedy sisters in the Heights on East 12th Street remains one of the most puzzling murder cases the city has ever seen.
Yleen and Lillie Kennedy lived together in a small house in the Heights in the early '80s. Yleen ran a small business selling antique clothing, and was known to keep antique jewelry and cash around the house.
On March 5, 1984, the bodies of both women were discovered by their father, who stopped by their house after the women, who were supposed to take their father to the doctor, didn't show.
Lillie, the younger of the two, had been shot to death. But unlike her sister's quick death, detectives believe Yleen suffered greatly before she died.
An autopsy report revealed that Yleen had not only been shot, but was also stabbed, bludgeoned and raped.
According to investigators, some of the witnesses who were interviewed in '84 believed that pieces of jewelry were missing form the home. Detectives believe robbery was the motive for the murder.
Investigators also believe that a man carrying a duffel bag, who was seen by a neighbor around the time of the murders, may have been involved.
According to investigators, the neighbor confronted the unknown man, believing he might be a burglar. However, the man with the duffel bag gave the neighbor a quick story that his wife had just kicked him out of the house, which was deemed believable, and he was allowed to leave.
The mystery man disappeared, and police have found no trace of him for the past 27 years.
The Ice Box Murders Houston's so-called Ice Box Murders of Fred and Edwina Rogers, an elderly couple living in Montrose, may be one of the strangest cases yet.
On June 23, 1965, Edwina's nephew Marvin became concerned about the couple when his phone calls to his aunt went unanswered. Marvin asked police to check in on the couple, who complied.
When police responded, they found the house locked, but forced their way in. Food had been left on the table, which somehow led to the officers checking inside the fridge. What they found -- numerous cuts of "washed, unwrapped meat" was neatly stacked on the shelves -- which the officer thought came from a butchered hog, didn't seem all that out of the ordinary.
But as the officer went to shut the door, he saw the Rogers' heads staring back at him. They had been stashed in the vegetable crisper. That "meat" turned out to be the Rogers' legs and torsos.
Investigators said that a claw hammer had been used to beat Fred to death, and both of his eyes had been gouged out. Police determined that Edwina had been shot in the head, and both had been hacked into pieces in the bathroom. The house was eerily devoid of blood, and appeared to have been thoroughly cleaned.
Stranger still was that their sex organs had been thrown in the sewer outside of the house, and that other missing body parts were never recovered. Also, there was the 43-year-old unemployed hermit son, Charles Frederick Rogers, who apparently lived with his parents in an attic bedroom but whom neighbors didn't recall ever seeing.
The only drops of blood in the house led to the son's attic room, and a bloody keyhole gave more of a hint as to what was to come, but when investigators entered, no Charles. In fact, he just disappeared, and was declared legally dead in 1975, ten years after the murders.
In 1992, the authors of the book The Man On the Grassy Knoll theorized that Charles was a CIA agent who was involved in the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
According to their work, Rogers was a CIA agent who likely impersonated Lee Harvey Oswald in Mexico City and, along with Charles Harrelson, was one of two shooters involved in the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
There's no telling who Charles actually was, considering he communicated with his parents only by writing notes that were slipped under the door and didn't appear to interact with any other actual human beings ever.
And, like everything else on this list, the Ice Box Murders remain unsolved.
What better way to celebrate Friday The 13th than to watch the first eight films in the franchise at a theatrical marathon screening?! Well, that's what fans have to look forward to in London, England this September as the Prince Charles Cinema just announced via Twitter that it is once again hosting a marathon for the original Paramount Pictures films that are part of the franchise. Last July, their marathon was a huge success for which one of our readers (Dave Hastings) reported back with a great film by film account of the night's festivities Now those die hard Friday The 13th fans have another chance to experience Mrs. Voorhees, Jason, and Roy Burns wreak havoc on the residents of Crystal Lake. Cost for the event is £25.00 for non members and £22.50 for members. Friday The 13th Part 2 throughare 35MM prints and Friday The 13th Part 3 will only be shown in 2D.Make sure to visit www.princecharlescinema.com to find out more about the Marathon taking place on Friday, September 13th as information is made available!
Fewer elections mean you lose some of your voting power. If you vote 'Yes', you will be diluting the power of the ballot box to hold the government, and MPs generally, to account. This referendum will lock in this dilution of voting rights for future generations. A teenager today who lives to 85 will have 5 fewer chances to keep their State leaders honest. In the 19th and early 20th centuries, brave souls fought and even died to win the right to vote for all. It is a birthright of every citizen. Why weaken it? NO CHECKS AND BALANCES The Australian parliament, like Queensland's, has three-year terms. Sure, the other States have 4 year terms, but Queensland is radically unlike other States. Other than elections, we have no real checks on the power of executive government – the Premier and Cabinet.
We have no upper house to review government bills or actions. A Labor government abolished the unelected upper house in 1922. It at least had the wisdom to lock in three-year terms, to ensure a regular ability to chastise or recall under-performing governments or MPs. Queensland elections are winner-takes-all. Voices like the Greens have no chance to be elected. Major party MPs rarely show independence from their party leaders, so governments routinely dominate Parliament despite receiving well under half the vote. Unlike the US, UK, Canada, NZ or even Victoria and the ACT, we have no Bill of Rights. So the courts cannot review bad laws. We have a 'committee system' in parliament, but at any time a governmental majority can weaken or repeal that. Most politicians are well-meaning. But we need systems to ensure power is not misused. If this referendum passes, Queensland's constitutional system will be identical to the Northern Territory's. See how well that has fared. Queensland politics lacks checks and balances. Until we reform those problems, the ballot is the best protection we have. LESSONS OF RECENT TIMES
The Bligh-Beattie government, like the Bjelke-Petersen government, reigned too long. In 2012 Queenslanders swept it from office because it had misled voters about asset sales. What is gained when a stale government serves a year too long? Who can forget the Newman LNP Government? In 2015 Queenslanders swept it from office because it arrogantly overreached. Another year of that government would have been problematic indeed. WHO BENEFITS? In 1991, Queenslanders voted against four-year terms. Who is pushing for four-year terms today? The ALP and some unions, and the LNP and the Chamber of Commerce and Industry. Why are they pushing it? Clearly, reducing the frequency of elections gives politicians more job security.
The universal franchise was won to ensure that each person had a say in government and policy. Democracy is not meant to be an autocracy, efficient for those with power. Longer terms will not mean politicians stop squabbling for media attention.They will mean politicians hear our voices less often. In our silence, powerful lobby groups will have greater say. Governments that present a clear agenda at elections, and listen to public service advice, can do a lot in three years. Whitlam, Keating, Howard … all made significant reforms in three-year terms. WE CAN HAVE FIXED TERMS WITHOUT A REFERENDUM Fixing a set date for elections is a fair idea. But it is distinct from the question of how long we wait between elections. Queensland Parliament can set fixed election dates without a referendum. The UK managed it in 2011.
This referendum rolls two questions into one. One that makes some sense – fixed election dates. One which makes little sense – diluting your right to vote. The official 'Yes' case includes trivial irrelevancies, such as that fixing October elections will avoid elections at the height of the football or wet seasons. And as events in the last week show, if you fix an election date in constitutional concrete, what happens in a rare hung parliament when the government loses its majority? Would the Palaszczuk government limp on for four years, unable to pass laws but with no-one game to vote 'no-confidence' in it? A WOEFUL PROCESS This referendum was brought on with minimal public education. I know lawyers and academics who were unaware it had even been called. Local governments did not want the referendum muddying the important issues facing each council area. Yet the referendum is piggy-backing on council polling day. Over a million Brisbane electors will turn up at the polls, many with little information about the referendum. They will be swamped with ALP and LNP how-to-vote cards telling them to 'Vote Yes'.
The 'Yes' case includes the cynical argument that 'fewer elections save money'. When you do the maths you realise it will save an average of $1.2m per year. A tiny saving for selling out democracy. Normally, I would support constitutional change. Our system is far from perfect. But this referendum is regressive. Loading Graeme Orr is professor of law at the University of Queensland and author of The Law of Politics (2010) and Ritual and Rhythm in Electoral Systems (2015) and co-author of The Law of Deliberative Democracy (2016). Stay informed. Like the Brisbane Times Facebook page.
The UK has the reputation across Europe of being the toughest on immigration
UK net migration reached an all-time high this week, at 330,000 for the year to March, up 28% from last year and 10,000 higher than the previous peak in 2005. The figure is more than three times higher than the government's target, a target the home secretary has renewed in spite of difficulties, albeit with a delayed date of 2020. The UK is not alone in its experience, and may be having an easier time comparatively - Sweden and Germany are taking the majority of refugees from the current migrant crisis, with Germany expected to take in as many as 750,000 asylum seekers this year, mainly from Syria and the Balkans.
Britain has taken fewer than 1% of Syria's refugees, and the crisis at the English border in Calais accounts for 1% of the total number of migrants that have arrived in Europe this year. It may be for these reasons that the UK is perceived across northern Europe as a country that is tough on immigration, even though British people themselves may find this hard to believe.
New YouGov research across seven northern European countries reveals that when respective populations are asked about the immigration policies of other European nations the UK is seen as having the strictest approach. The average response shows the UK is the only country that tends to be seen as strict on immigration (48% say this while 29% say the UK is relaxed).
People are divided over France's approach to immigration, but the other nations all tend to be seen as relaxed. The calculation for the average response excludes British people for the UK, Germans for Germany and so on, to arrive at a measure of foreign perceptions. However even with these included Britain is seen as the strictest nation.
Perceptions vary widely from reality. Data from Eurostat, two years old but nevertheless a reliable benchmark for comparison between European countries, shows that Norway had one of the highest levels of immigration, despite its public having one of the lowest estimates of the problem. 57% of Norweigans say there is generally less migration into their country than into other European countries.
The UK fell in the middle of the 33 European countries measured, with the 14th highest level of immigration, ahead of Spain, Italy and France. 52% of British people say Britain has a higher level of immigration than other European countries. The German and Swedish populations are correct in their estimations, with around 80% saying they accept more immigrants than others do.
Sweden will elect a new government in 2018, after the centre-left Social Democrats emerged as the largest party in 2014. Recent research by YouGov found the Sweden Democrats, a far-right, anti-immigration party, had become the most popular party in Sweden, at 25%, almost double their score in September's election.
PA image
See the full poll results
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
The Somali refugee community of Colorado has struggled with cultural conflict for years, transitioning from life in war zone to homesteading in Middle America. But now a surprisingly quiet cultural quirk has come between them and their new livelihood: a prayer. Ad Policy
Just before Christmas, about 180 Muslim workers were abruptly fired by a Cargill beef processing plant over a dispute about prayer at work. After clashing with management over what workers described as an sudden change in the enforcement of workplace prayer rules, the workers, mostly Somalis, stopped work on December 18 after sundown prayer time. They were dismissed on December 21. And Fort Morgan, Colorado, became the latest flashpoint in the converging national debates over civil, religious, and labor rights.
Cargill, which employs more than 2,000 local workers, insisted it had exhausted all “reasonable” attempts to provide fair accommodation for Muslim prayers, which are generally conducted five times throughout the day. Spokesperson Mike Martin told the Fort Morgan Times that Cargill was adhering to established policies on prayer time. But the Muslim workers say it was in fact their supervisors who had arbitrarily flouted longstanding procedures for accommodating workplace prayer.
According to Jaylani Hussein, spokesperson for the Council American Islamic Relations (CAIR), supervisors told workers, “If you want to pray, go home.” So workers called the boss's bluff; 160 workers reportedly did not come to work, and “fewer than 20” walked out, with another ten resigning.
Cargill worker Hamza Hussein told Fort Morgan Times, “Prayer is our first priority…. We are Muslim. We're not going to work for them if we can't pray.”
Under the regular policy, the Somali workers would find time to pray during paid or unpaid breaks. Though intervals of prayer times vary seasonally, prayer sessions were typically staggered to accommodate the plant's operations. Last month, according to local news reports, the workers said they were repeatedly met with hostility or threats from supervisors when requesting prayer breaks. GET A FREE CHAPTER FROM OUR NEW E.L. DOCTOROW E-BOOK SIGN UP!
Since 2009, Cargill has provided workers with a non-sectarian “reflection room” for praying, and over the years, Muslim workers have generally worked through compromise with management to manage prayer schedules. However, CAIR, which is aiding the protesting workers, notes that there have been occasional incidents in which workers were reportedly discouraged from engaging in prayers at work.
The latest cultural conflict at the plant mirrors a similar incident in 2011 reported by The Denver Post, in which a worker complained she had been threatened with dismissal when she took an authorized break to pray and returned two minutes late.
Cargill has alleged in public statements that the tendency of the workers to pray in groups was disrupting production. Since the workers all worked in the same beef processing unit, accommodating group prayer “backs up the flow of all the production.… We have to ensure the products we produce meet consumer expectations.” Cargill also insists that workers were given fair warning that three consecutive absences could lead to dismissal, and in recent days, “Plant management and union representatives met with Somali leaders without resolution.”
Hussein denies this. “Our clients have never requested group prayer,” he says. Whenever possible, “they go one at a time, and they used their scheduled breaks to pray when the prayers align there.”
Currently, workers are filing for unemployment claims and trying to get their jobs reinstated immediately, circumventing a previous mandatory six-month waiting period for rehiring [Update: Cargill announced on January 8 it would allow workers to be rehired within 30 days rather than the usual 180-day period]. CAIR says it hopes to resolve the dispute soon but is prepared to intensify the legal pressure, as it has in other instances of anti-Muslim workplace discrimination.
In addition, CAIR says the union representing the workers, Teamsters Local 455, has failed to defend the Somali workers and reportedly undermined their protest by encouraging some workers to return to work before the dispute was resolved.
“The union who was supposed to really be advocating for this group has really provided no such support, according to our clients,” Hussein says, adding that when the group directly approached the union's office, they were refused a meeting “indefinitely.” The Teamsters have not yet responded to The Nation's request for comment.
In CAIR's view, the conflict likely stems from the management's ignorance and confusion about the prayer protocol among supervisors, rather than intentional discrimination. But the appearance of anti-Muslim bias is hard to ignore in the current political context of raging Islamophobia nationwide. Hussein says, “Just how people feel, and the conversations I've had with some of these people—did convey concerns that there could be potentially a backlash from what's been happening” in the social and political atmosphere.
Fort Morgan has grappled with integration issues since an influx in Somali refugees since 2005. There have been periodic cultural and social rifts, including tensions with law enforcement and problems of youth alienation at school. The community has also been targeted in several incidents of car vandalism. But community groups have made strides in linking immigrants to jobs at the Cargill plant, a major local employer, and helping the community build cohesive social networks and integrate into life in a quiet middle-American town.
For Somali Americans in general—particularly those who recently migrated as refugees—Hussein says, structural discrimination and subsurface hostility may have a greater impact than outright bigotry. “This specific community, we know [tends] to have a great deal of issues” as they are faced with language barriers and economic hardships, along with a complex layered identity as blacks, immigrants, and Muslims. “If you're living in America today, to have those three things be part of your narrative—you definitely could be targeted for any of them.”
That narrative lies at the heart of the prayer dispute: What the workers have demanded is just the ability to do their job and live freely—a dignified existence that is legally protected under the Constitution, and historically has been strengthened by labor rights and worker solidarity. For Muslim workers at Cargill, the question of prayer is not completely about the ritual itself. Workers are entitled to the peace of mind of knowing their society will not force people to choose between making a living and honoring culture and spirituality. That's not a religious accommodation, or even a workplace benefit; it's a human right.
Author: Jay-Rey (@jay_rey)
I said it, not here, but to my friends after hearing about The Man of Steel sequel. “The less information they tell us, the more excited I'll be“. There is something to say about a movie that genuinely surprises you. JJ Abrams faltered a bit, with his plan to keep Kahn a secret. There was too much attention on a nobody character like John Harris, that it only made sense for it to really be Kahn.
Agent Coulson's death in The Avengers, however, was a total surprise. The sharp, dry, no-nonsense agent who was always at odds with Tony Stark had an untimely demise that really hit the audience hard. And the best part about it was that no one saw it coming.
Recent news about the origins of Wonder Woman have made me think about the importance of teasers and info regarding movies that haven't been released yet. The idea of Batfleck was something that really upset the movie crowd, but I think they are okay with the idea now. The casting of Wonder Woman caused some chaos, but people are starting to accept that there is as much to the character of Wonder Woman as there is to her physical appearance.
But the news regarding Wonder Woman's origins is the straw that is breaking my camel's back. Instead of being a straight Amazonian, it is widely rumored that the Amazonian race may be an offshoot race of Kryptonians, who used the genetic modifications seen in Man of Steel to create a society of strong warrior women. I think this is a bad move, regardless of when I found out. The worst part about it is that no one else is happy. This causes blog articles, angry tweets, e-mails, interviews, and every other way social media can lash out. This is the type of momentum causing news that will get to the ears of the studio heads, that will then have a chat with Goyer and Snyder, and that may lead to some other compromising decisions to fix what has happened.
I will watch Batman vs Superman, or whatever the hell they call it. But I don't want to know what its about. I don't want to see updated suits, and I especially don't want to see what the suits look like on the actors. I don't want to know plot details. The movie can be successful if they tell us as little as possible.
1) I have noticed I am much more forgiving my first theatrical viewing for the most part. I legitimately enjoyed Spider-Man 3…
2) The Dark Knight Rises is not the best in the series, but we didn't know that going in. An out of context glimpse at Bane's airplane kidnapping, Gordon's mysterious hospitalization, and the ambiguousness of Catwoman's morality, all culminated in everyone wanting to see it. We didn't know that Gotham was taken over, that Bruce was out of commission for months, and that John Blake was not only to skip the Robin character (since his actual name was Robin) but would actually take over the duties of Batman.
3) The drama over Bane's voice should also be a hint at the power of the audience. When I first saw the intro to Dark Knight Rises, it was at an IMAX screening for Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol. And much like early reports, it was very difficult to understand Bane. Nolan said this was an intentional choice. Months later, the same scene took on new life, as Bane's voice was almost edited to be above the rest of the audio in any scene he was in.
I think Batman vs Superman can make whatever mistakes they want to. Make weird choices and step on the firmly placed continuity that has existed for decades. But don't tell me about it. The more floundering I see, the less inclined I am to see it.
Do you think moviegoers know too much about movies before going in? Are comic book movies a special case?
Advertisements
The "Ultima" Tower, Two-mile High Sky City
Any densely populated urban environment
Project Owner: None
Location: Any densely populated urban environment
Date: 1991
Cost: $150,000,000,000.00
Population: 1,000,000 people
Exterior surface area of building: 150,000,000 square feet
Enclosed volume: 53,000,000,000 cubic feet
Square footage: 1,500,000,000
Total enclosed acreage: 39,000 acres
Elevator speed: 20 feet per second (13 miles per hour) 9 minutes and 40 seconds to reach the top floor from the ground floor.
Dimensions: Height--10,560 feet; Diameter at the base--6000 feet; Number of stories--500;
Total Square Feet: Approximately 5,000,000 square feet
Why build a two-mile high, one mile wide building? To prevent the uncontrolled blight of the natural landscape by rapacious developers and industry. At current rates the surface of the planet will be nearly totally covered with residential, commercial and apartment dwellings within the coming century. Large structures such as these bring nature upward to preserve the natural surroundings and to add natural surroundings in a controlled environment. This two-mile high, trumpet bell-shaped, tension structure is the most stable and aerodynamic shape ever conceived for a tall structure. Its upper level wall thicknesses are the same as the lower level wall thicknesses unlike other structural systems that are extremely tall. It is like a suspension cable bridge stood on end. There are 120 levels to the structure with great heights at each level. The scale of this stucture is such that the entire central district of Beijing could fit into its base. One must not think in terms of floors but, instead, imagine entire landscaped neighborhood districts with "skies" that are 30 to 50 meters high. Lakes, streams, rivers, hills and ravines comprise the soil landscape on which residential, office, commercial, retail and entertainment buildings can be built. The concept can be thought of as what would happen if nature grew upwards with multi-soil levels. Of course the structure itself acts like a living organism with its wind and atmospheric energy conversion systems, photovoltaic exterior sheathing, and opening/closing cowl-vent windows that allow natural air into the interior without mechanical intervention. The exterior walls are made of structural glass that conforms to the cris-crossing, double helix, cable strand tension system that disperses all exterior forces along the surface. If wind or earthquake shock waves pushes or disturbs one portion of the structure the other portion absorbs and dissipates the forces. Ecological efficiency is a rule and all areas of the structure feature resource conserving technolgy such as recycled building materials, compost toilets, nature-based water cleansing systems for all buildings, plentiful amounts of forrest, plant life and water-based ecosystems. In essence, Ultima Tower/Sky City is more an ecosystems design than an architectural habitation design. The structure provides a basis for architectural development upon which architectural diversity can flourish. Sunlight is brought into the center of the structure by means of a hollow, mirrored core that reflects sunlight and disperses it within the structure. This allows for both interior and exterior sunlight to exist in plentiful amounts. The tower sits in a natural setting in a large lake. The lake water is drawn up throughout the structure and used for cooling floors and walls. A portion of this water is heated by large passive solar panels and left to fall by gravity to be used at the various levels. No internal combustion engines or toxic pollutants exist within the confines of the structure. Everything is hydrogen gas, electrical or water powered and all heating cooling is regulated by plants and trees.
Construction Materials: High-strength steel, high-strength concrete, stainless steel, anodized aluminum, acrylic, patina copper, stainless steel cable, self-shading glass, composite ceramics, tempered glass.
Special Features: Atmospheric Thermal Energy Conversion power supplies, built-in windmills, photovoltaic solar cells, hydrogen gas power supplies, self-regulating/self-shading glass, twelve storey-vertical high-speed train system, non-mechanical heating/ventilation and air conditioning system, ground level waterfalls for air cooling and humidity control, aerodynamic cowl window systems, open garden areas on each floor.
Ecological Requirements: To preserve the natural beauty of nature by condensing the areas of living, working environments, commerce and industry into an upwardly directed architectural structure. Multi-storied gardens are to be infused with architectural components. The presence of natural sunlight, fresh air, breeze and panoramic views are to be of primary importance. Ease and quickness of transportation vertically and laterally is crucial. The building must be fireproof, waterproof, able to resist great wind velocities and be extremely earthquake resistant. Wherever possible reduce energy use. Avoid utility costs and the use of mechanical heating and air conditioning.
General Description of Project: While engaged in a contracted study of the San Francisco Bay, its population growth, infrastructure, park areas, transportation corridors, etc., We saw at once the need for preserving what little natural park-like areas there were in such a densely composed area like the San Francisco Bay. Transportation was daily growing further and further beyond its capacity. The expansion of urban neighborhoods in and around cities was blighting the earth with more monotony and ugliness. The earth was being eaten up by the continuous disseminating reach of developers. The outward swelling of developing neighborhoods, industrial "parks", of refineries, factories and commercial "strips" all contributed to an offensive countenance of the area.
Section. South and North Elevation drawings.
This increasing dilation of people and property is devastating to the well-being of our environment and we are supplanting the health of our natural environment for the superficial mediocrity of our built environment. The continuation of this process will inevitably lead to a kind of psychological and spiritual suffocation by destroying the living environment at an alarming rate.
Seeing that urban sprawl shall surely destroy every semblance of our living environment a viable alternative is to go up. That is, to build in such a way as to minimize the "footprint" of our human-made environments and maximize the sense of openness and close proximity to our natural surroundings. Given the technology and know-how we now have in the construction of large,tall structures a building two miles high is not beyond our means.
The trumpet bell shape, modeled after the highest structure created by a creature other than human, the termite's nest structures of Africa, is a most efficient form for its compressive characteristics allow the thickness of the upper supporting walls to be uniform in thickness down through the bottom of the building. No other shape can dispel loads from top to bottom, is effectively aerodynamic and retains such stability in a tall building. The size of its base would completely enclose the entire financial district of San Francisco, approximately 7000 feet across, and contains four of the world's largest waterfalls surrounded by garden terraces. Gardens are situated at all exterior and interior openings. The whole tower could be thought of as an upward extension of the earth with layers of vegetation growing, level by level. All residences have a minimum of 100 feet by 100 feet of property where 50% of the property is covered by natural vegetation.
Plan Large bodies of water are placed at twelve separate levels and serve multiple functions; as fire barriers and fire sprinkler system reservoirs, as recycled water catch basins, as recreational lakes, rivers, waterfalls and streams. Whenever possible whole ecosystems are supported within the building. The building is thought of as a living organism in itself capable of sustaining multitudinal life at many scales. Human beings are an indivisible of this larger life system and are nourished by the presence of other life forms. In this way the best attributes and experiences of nature are brought together to mutually benefit one another physiologically, emotionally and spiritually--a home and work environment unlike any other that has existed in the world.
The building is set in the middle of a lake where the lake acts as a reservoir for fresh water to cool the building. The periphery of the building contains 144 elevators with a vertically stacked train system that stops at 30 floors simultaneously. Vertical propulsion is through compressed air. A new concept in electrical power, Atmospheric Energy Conversion, will be tried. This system utilizes the differences in atmospheric pressure, from the base of the building to it's top, and converts this differential to electrical power. Cooling is based on the African termite nest model where the bottom spaces are cooled with water, in this case waterfalls, the cool air rises and is warmed by bodily activity in the upper floors and exits through different levels of the building. Simultaneously all floors have specially designed windows with aerodynamic wind cowls, so that windows can be opened without having to resist tremendous wind forces. These cowls direct air throughout the interior spaces and act as natural air-conditioners.
A series of reflecting mirrors bring direct sunlight into the interior of the building, so that yards and garden areas are exposed to the sun without the danger of high wind velocities. Tsui Design and Research, Inc., is working on a system of water movement from the base to the top of the building, which is based upon the principle of transpiration and cohesion(as found in tall trees) by producing water pressure at the lower levels. By creating water potential, that is, when a wet and a dry place are joined by a tube of water, the water flows towards the dry area, water can be directed upwards over great distances. The challenge of a very tall building is the transportation of materials from the bottom to top and the maintenance of even levels of temperature, humidity and air pressure. The tree, being nature's tallest example of a living organism, provides the working model for a tall building.
The immense surface area of the building, sheathed with photovoltaic solar cells, provides most of the electrical energy requirements. This power source combined with Atmospheric Energy Conversion and windmill power supplies more than enough power to fulfill the energy requirements of the building. All windows in the building are operable so there is no pressurized, forced-air system used internally. Manually operated windows makes temperature control simple and easy to manipulate. All spaces would have a healthy feeling of cross-circulation and the higher floors have thinner air than the lower floors--just as it is naturally. Persons who wish to work and live in a higher sea level environment can now do so within the building.
The south-facing side of the building has a strong emphasis on open garden balconies and expansive park areas. At the forest levels biological technology plants use sunlight to break down human waste and compost for recycling back into the soil. The building is like a great expanse of natural land turned upward with ten large forest, lake and stream sanctuaries brought up into the sky.
The tower is surrounded on all sides by a lake. Sandy beaches, stone cliffs, water inlets, grass, trees and rocky islands create a beautiful and majestic setting. Two six-lane bridges carry vehicles to the underground parking with its 20 levels of parking. No internal combustion vehicles can operate on the immediate site of the building. Only electric cars, propane and hydrogen gas vehicles and bicycles can be used by its one million inhabitants. A large marina surrounds the building on the east and west sides. Pedestrian walkways and running/bicycling paths abound through hills and dales, grassy knolls, forests and fields. Beaches are easily accessible from any area and small pedestrian bridgeways connect the main building island with smaller islands and the mainland. Persons can hike 11/2 to 2 miles from the building to the mainland. A four-lane roadway surrounds the lake making spectacular opportunities to view the building from the lake's edge.
All residential neighborhoods are located at the outer and inner edge of the building closest to views panoramic views and/or sunlight. The square footage between the neighborhood zones are reserved for retail or commercial use depending upon location. Internal taxi cab vehicles carry persons from one end of a floor to the other end at the larger diameter lower floor levels. Taxi drivers would be paid by the home and business owners association so that drivers are residents of the building who earn a livelihood from working there.
The shape of the building makes it virtually impossible to be uprooted or structurally disturbed by any kind of calamity. The buildings structure can be thought of as a giant stainless steel net stretched and anchored over a central high-strength concrete hollow core with a double helix configuration. Thus the entire building is in constant tension able to produce an equilibrium of stress and strain forces coming from any direction. Even in a tornado or hurricane the building cannot buckle or become dislodged because of its inherent strength and ability to dissipate pushing and pulling forces. Add to this its superior aerodynamic qualities of wind deflection(compound surfaces in two planes) and you are presented with a building that, for its weight and size, is virtually indestructible. Using this tension cable system the size of the cables and surface sheathing can remain constant--unlike a typical tall building where the ground level thickness of the walls must be big and heavy.
Boro are delighted to announce the signing of David Nugent from Leicester City for an undisclosed fee.
The 30-year-old former England striker has signed a three-year contract and goes straight into Aitor Karanka's squad for tomorrow's home match with Bolton.
"I am delighted that David has agreed to join us because everyone knows what a good player he is," said Karanka.
"We have worked really hard to bring David to the club and everyone can see that we have not had to spend a crazy amount of money to bring him here. It's important to get the right players at the right price.
"The good thing is that David wants to join us and believes in our project and this club. I believe we are signing a very good player."
Nugent has completed his medical and is expected to train with his new team-mates for the first time on Friday.
The striker finished top scorer for Leicester in both the 2011/12 and 2012/13 seasons, and hit 22 in all competitions as Leicester won promotion to the Premier League in 2014.
The images from the summer of 2010 were undoubtedly gruesome: the carcass of a young sperm whale, decayed and partially eaten by sharks, sighted at sea south of the Deepwater Horizon oil well.
It was the first confirmed sighting of a dead whale since the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in April that year – a time of huge public interest in the fate of whales, dolphins, sea turtles and other threatened animals – and yet US government officials supressed the first reports of the discovery and blocked all images until now.
The photographs, along with a cache of emails obtained by the campaign group Greenpeace under freedom of information provisions and made available to the Guardian, offer a rare glimpse into how many whales came into close contact with the gushing BP well during the oil spill.
They also show Obama administration officials tightly controlling information about whales and other wildlife caught up in the disaster.
The dead sperm whale in the Gulf of Mexico. Photograph: NOAA
The plight of wildlife caught up in the oil spill – especially endangered species such as sea turtles and sperm whales – has enormous financial implications for BP.
The oil company asked a judge in New Orleans this week to finalise its $7.8bn (£4.8bn) settlement for economic damages arising from the spill. But BP still faces claims from the federal government for environmental damages, and accounting for wildlife killed as a direct result of the spill – from dolphins to turtles to whales – will be critical to the final bill.
"In the settlement with BP, an endangered species or any animal killed by the spill matters," said Kert Davies, research director of Greenpeace.
That looming legal struggle was apparently already on the minds of officials at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) when crew aboard the research vessel, Pisces, spotted a dead sperm whale on the morning of 15 June 2010.
The dead sperm whale in the Gulf of Mexico. Photograph: NOAA
The discovery was the first confirmed sighting of a dead whale since the blow-out on the Deepwater Horizon that April.
The carcass, which was decomposed and had been fed on by sharks, was spotted about 77 miles south of the Deepwater Horizon oil site.
Meanwhile, NOAA observers on another vessel at the well site that same day spotted five whales, including a juvenile, covered in oil. "Observers noticed that the young whale was covered in oil sheen," the detection report notes. "It is very possible that these adults were covered in the same oil as the juvenile whale was covered in as the water quality was very poor with iridescent sheens all over the surface."
The detection report goes on to describe a large plume of smoke rising from the water, from the controlled burns used to stop the oil from reaching the shoreline. "Small brown globs of what appear to be oil and possibly oil dispersant infiltrate the water."
There is no further indication in the email about what happened to the group of whales – or indeed any of the whales that may have been exposed to BP oil.
"Unless animals are tagged, they are nearly impossible to relocate as they move great distances quickly and stay submerged for prolonged periods of time," a NOAA spokesman, Scott Smullen, said in an email.
In any event, the government would not disclose how many – if any – whales might have died or been directly affected by the BP oil spill because of legal reasons, he said. "Due to ongoing litigation issues, we are not able to discuss this aspect of our investigation," Smullen wrote in an email on Wednesday.
In contrast, the discovery of the decomposed carcass set off a flurry of emails – with repeated instructions from NOAA officials to crew aboard the Pisces not to release information or photographs.
The crew were also directed to obtain samples from the whale to try to determine if it was killed as a result of the spill, and to mark the corpse.
The gag order rankled with some aboard the Pisces, as an 16 June 2010 email from the ship's commanding officer Lieutenant Commander Jeremy Adams suggests.
"Any chance I can give the green light to let folks share what we saw yesterday with loved ones ashore yet?" he wrote in the email. Twenty-four hours after the sighting he had heard, through the wife of another officer, of a crew member "posting something on their Facebook page to the effect that they saw a 'dead critter' yesterday but are being censored by NOAA from saying anything else … followed by a lot of indignant comments from others."
The attempt to shut out the media also sat uneasily with Greenpeace.
NOAA did put out a press release about the dead whale. However, the release was edited and shortened in a way which appeared to minimise the effects of oil on whales.
"The public has no idea what the fate of those animals is," Davies said.
That information may never surface. There were believed to be about 1,200 sperm whale in the Gulf of Mexico at the time of the spill, making it one of the biggest populations in the world.
However, scientists concede little is known about how whales respond to oil spills – even in an area as heavily mined as the Gulf of Mexico. Few whales strand on land, and it is practically impossible to carry out necropsies at sea.
"We do know that oil spills do kill whales but we know very little about how lethal they are and what makes them lethal," said Hal Whitehead, cetacean research biologist at Dalhousie University in Nova Scotia. "The whales that are there or used to be there move around a fair amount so if they weren't actively avoiding the spill there is a good chance that quite a large proportion of them might have gone into it."
NOAA scientists, working with Oregon State University, have been tracking a number of sperm whale in the Gulf of Mexico through satellite transmitters since the spill. "There isn't at least anything published that has clear linkages between sperm whale that got covered in oil and died in the same way," said Bruce Mates who head the marine mammal institute at Oregon State.
And with the one whale carcass recovered so far, scientists were not able to establish the definitive cause of death.
"Scientists did take samples from the carcass, but because the animal was so badly decomposed the cause of death could not be determined," Smullen said.
Indeed, Smullen said he was unable even to confirm whether the whale had even been exposed to BP oil, writing: "Due to ongoing litigation issues, we are not able to discuss this aspect of our investigation."
For Scott Wylie and his team, it's a real-life game of cat and mouse. Seven days a week, 24 hours a day — all over Toronto — they're on the hunt. Their targets: able-bodied Torontonians who park almost anywhere they want, for free, by using permits for accessible parking spots that belong to others with legitimate disabilities.
Part 1 of CBC Toronto's investigation: Some people are using accessible parking permits of relatives who've died, police say
"It's a golden ticket for them" Wylie says about people who abuse the system.
"With the high cost of parking in Toronto, people take advantage of that permit so they don't have to pay."
A CBC Toronto investigation reveals the vast majority of the approximately 500,000 accessible permits issued to Toronto-area residents are used properly. But investigators like Wylie believe about 50,000 of those permits are used by friends and relatives of the actual permit holders. That's illegal.
Wylie says there are thousands of other permits being displayed on cars that are either fake, or photocopies of the original. Those are easy to spot due to anti-counterfeiting measures already in place. Catching those who misuse legitimate permits is a lot harder and time consuming.
A Toronto parking enforcement officer confronts two people he suspects are misusing an accessibility parking permit. 0:18
"The abuse is so rampant, I'm sure if I doubled my unit, I'm sure I would get double the offenders" he says.
Toronto parking enforcement officer Christina Acevedo says such abuse is not only unfair to those who play by the rules, it's also hurting downtown businesses. She's noticed there is little turnover of parking spots for potential customers on many downtown streets due to the large number of people misusing permits.
"You can park in a pay-and-display [spot] or in a no parking [zone] and you can stay all day for free," she says.
Parking enforcement officer Christina Acevedo writes a ticket for the woman on the left. She also seized the woman's accessible parking permit. (Derek Hooper/CBC)
CBC News recently found entire streets in the downtown core where every car parked displayed an accessible permit.
Acevedo has hid in alleys waiting to catch able-bodied people misusing the permits.
"They know they're not supposed to use the permit, so they go around and look out to see [if we're here]," she says.
"And when it's safe, they jump in their cars and go."
Acevedo and Wylie have seized permits that belonged to people who had died. Recently they found a west-end family business had printed numerous copies of an accessible parking permit that belonged to a relative. The permits were then placed on the dashboards of their company vehicles to avoid paying for parking.
Toronto has some of the most generous regulations for accessible permit holders. They can park almost anywhere for free. The only exceptions are in rush hour zones and in front of fire hydrants. Other municipalities have much more restrictive guidelines.
Every day, Wylie's crew seizes more and more permits from people misusing them. One recent afternoon, they sat in unmarked police vehicles and waited for people to return to cars that displayed accessible permits. It didn't take long to find suspected cheats.
In one case, Wylie confronted a man in his 30s who had parked near a busy downtown intersection with his wife. On their dashboard was a permit that was issued to an elderly man.
When CBC Toronto visited Windsor Street, in the city's entertainment district, last month all 17 cars parked there displayed an accessible parking permit. (John Lancaster/CBC)
'Why should I pay for parking?'
Wylie says the driver asked "Why should I pay for parking?" and insisted he was there to pick up the permit holder, who was supposedly buying lottery tickets in a nearby shopping mall.
His wife told Wylie another story — "He's in the hospital" — while insisting they had the right to park for free despite the fact the nearest hospital was blocks away.
Both became irate when the permit was seized. The elderly man will no longer have access to his permit and the driver could be charged under the Highway Traffic Act. The fines range from $300 to $5,000.
A Toronto parking enforcement officer suspects a couple of misusing an accessible parking permit in downtown Toronto. 0:58
Similar scenarios played out for Acevedo as she approached two cars on a nearby side street. Two men, in their teens or early 20s, emerged from a car displaying an accessible permit. They claimed they were picking up the permit holder, but when pressed, couldn't say exactly where the permit holder was. Acevedo seized the permit and charged the driver.
A woman was charged a few minutes later when she got into a car parked nearby. The car had an accessible permit on the dash that wasn't hers. She conceded it belonged to her uncle.
Further investigation revealed the uncle was nowhere to be found, and that she worked around the corner.
She was charged and the permit was also seized.
In cases like these, the legitimate permit holder has to apply for a new permit, but only after the case is resolved in court — likely in several months if not longer.
John Lancaster can be reached at john.lancaster@cbc.ca.
If you interact with an author in any way online, beware: Amazon might decide that you're “friends” and ban you from leaving a review of their latest book.
The online retailer appears to have tightened up its review policy to weed out people boosting their mates' books with glowing notices, but whatever algorithms they're using to work this out seem also to be catching anyone who engages with their favourite writers on social media.
The policy has prompted allegations of “Big Brother” activity and sparked a petition calling on Amazon to reverse the decision, organised by US romance author Jas Ward, which is heading towards 11,000 signatures as of Thursday morning. Ward has penned an open letter to Amazon on the change.org petition site, writing:
In the world where both indie and traditional authors are using all tools available to try to get their latest books out to the reader, it's essential for the authors and their associates to use social media, ie Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, etc. With that being said, a reader is therefore going to have cookies and data when they see that interaction and very likely would have LIKED and/or followed the author's pages, profiles and other avenues being a fan of the author's work. They are fans after all – they want to know what an author does and their current news and title releases. Your current process of removing reviews that a reader has created to show their honest and sincere opinion on a book is not fair and cripples the review process more than assists.”
The petition was sparked by a blogpost by indie author and book blogger Imy Santiago, in which she said: “A couple of weeks ago I read the third instalment of a series I really loved. Like any reader, as soon as I finished reading, I wrote my review. When I tried posting it on Amazon I received a rather concerning email.”
The email told Santiago that she was “not eligible to review this product”, which she challenged with Amazon's customer services team, who she says told her: “We cannot post your customer review to the Amazon website because your account activity indicates that you know the author.”
Santiago says she has only interacted with the author in question online and doesn't know them personally, and writes: “It is censorship at its finest. I have interacted with a couple hundred authors over the past year; from events to signings, authors and writers rub elbows during networking sessions. This does NOT mean I know you personally.” She adds that Amazon has “spat in the face of those authors and writers whose work deserve praise and recognition”.
On both its .com and .co.uk sites, Amazon has the same customer review guidelines, which include the warning: “Family members or close friends of the person, group, or company selling on Amazon may not write customer reviews for those particular items.”
But how does Amazon work out their definition of “friends”? It looks likely to remain a closely-guarded secret. In its email to Santiago, the retail giant wrote: “Due to the proprietary nature of our business, we do not provide detailed information on how we determine that accounts are related.” - which prompted Santiago to brand their actions worthy of “Big Brother” in her post.
Post Content
Beetle Bailey, 11/19/06
Beetle Bailey is totally divorced from anything actually happening in the U.S. military, as has been repeatedly noted by everybody ever. Today's strip gives me an intriguing idea, though. What if the reason that Camp Swampy was so unlike the real army is that nobody there was actually in the army? It's just a bunch of weirdos/re-enactors/lunatics wearing a mishmosh of army uniforms from different eras who have got a hold of some surplus army jeeps and are playing out a bizarre drama for their own inscrutable purposes. The missile in panel five indicates that the real army has finally winded of their little game, and has declared war upon them for impersonating the military and sullying its good name with their rampant incompetence and stupidity.
The General Halftrack piñata is panel seven is just about the greatest thing I've ever seen. Since all Beetle Bailey characters are incredibly cartoonish anyway, it's difficult to portray something that's supposed to be a stylized version of one of those characters in the strip, so it pretty much just looks like the general's been lynched by his angry men.
Curtis, 11/19/06
When I first saw this strip without the top two supposedly disposable panels, I was pretty baffled by Gunk asking Curtis to “take me to a mailbox.” I mean, I know he's from tiny Flyspeck Island and all, but surely he's lived in the neighborhood long enough to know where the major landmarks are. Panel two reveals the real source of the so-called humor: Gunk is such a wacky crazy foreigner who doesn't understand our ways to such an extent that he doesn't even know what a mailbox looks like! Whoo! This, of course, is dumber than a sack of hammers, as is the Curtis convention of one character simply vanishing in the last panel as a reaction to another character's outrageousness. Poor Gunk never will find that mailbox, but that's OK, since his hand-drawn stamp won't take his mail back to Flyspeck Island. God, I hate Gunk.
Mary Worth, 11/19/06
Oh, so they like each other now. How depressing.
"I am comfortable with where I am. It's not necessarily been a comfortable ride or journey, but it's been a necessary journey," Sen. Tim Scott said. | AP Photo Tim Scott: Speaking out on race opened people's eyes
Sen. Tim Scott said Sunday that he perhaps "validated the concerns of many African-American males" when he spoke out earlier this year about being stopped by law enforcement.
Speaking with host John Dickerson on CBS' “Face the Nation,” the South Carolina Republican said he thinks his story "opened the eyes" of people who may have disregarded other African-American experiences.
Story Continued Below
"I think it's opened the eyes of a lot of folks who perhaps have listened to the cries and the screams and the shouts of others and disregarded those," Scott said. "I think perhaps my speaking out on the issue has validated the concerns of many African-American males who have gone through similar situations, but it has said to others on the other side that perhaps there is some validity to the issue and we should take a second look."
Scott, one of two African-American men in the U.S. Senate, along with Cory Booker (D-N.J.), gave a speech from the Senate floor in July saying he had been stopped seven times in one year by police even though he was an elected official.
"I have felt the anger, the frustration, the sadness and the humiliation that comes with feeling like you're being targeted for nothing more than being just yourself," he said in that speech.
Scott says that since the speech, "disproportionately speaking, the response has been tremendously positive." However, he said some people believe he is "feeding into a narrative."
"I am comfortable with where I am. It's not necessarily been a comfortable ride or journey, but it's been a necessary journey," he said.
When asked by Dickerson about fears among people of color that President-elect Donald Trump does not represent them, Scott said that there was fear on both sides of the aisle and that the same conversation would be taking place if Hillary Clinton had won.
"What I say to folks is: Let's give Mr. Trump a chance," he said. "Let's gauge progress in his administration by what he does. And I'm going to hold him accountable like every single American should hold all of our presidents accountable."
I didn't think Kathleen Willey and Juanita Broaddrick would be players in next year's campaign, but now that we've been told by Mrs. Bill Clinton that they have “the right to be believed,” I dare say a cable news interview or two is in order.
Which Republican candidate will take the easy lay-up by pointing out that the Clintons are not in, shall we say, an ideal position from which to lecture people about believing rape accusers? I'm guessing Rand Paul, who's showed before that he's willing to go bareknuckle on the two of them over Bill's scandals. It won't be Trump, in any case. That wedding invitation would be even harder to explain in hindsight.
Hillary Clinton pledged to confront rape and sexual assault on college campuses if elected president at a Monday speech at Northern Iowa University… She lauded the Obama administration's work on the issue and promised to carry the torch if elected president. The White House launched the “It's On Us” campaign last year targeted at ending sexual assaults on college campuses and authored a “Dear Colleague” letter in 2011 that spelled out the Department of Education's views on schools' responsibility to combat the issue.
“I want to send a message to all of the survivors,” she said.
“Don't let anyone silence your voice, you have the right to be heard, the right [to] be believed, and we are with you as you go forward.”
Broaddrick has accused Hillary of threatening her after the alleged rape; Willey claims Hillary led a “terror campaign” against women who've reported some sort of sexual contact with Bill, wanted or unwanted, and says of her, “She is the war on women, as far as I'm concerned.” How many enterprising journalists out there will note that the “right to be believed,” although a lovely talking point to mask the terrifying illiberal noises being made by Democratic policymakers lately over the Great Campus Rape Panic, is the antithesis of pretty much everything the Clintons said when they were in the White House in the 1990s?
If the Willey and Broaddrick episodes are simply too icky for our intrepid media to revisit, though, how about noting the fact that Hillary Clinton was quite skilled at demolishing rape accusers when she was still practicing as a lawyer? Ain't no “right to be believed” on the witness stand when Bill's better half is in the courtroom:
In a long, emotional interview with The Daily Beast, she accused Clinton of intentionally lying about her in court documents, going to extraordinary lengths to discredit evidence of the rape, and later callously acknowledging and laughing about her attackers' guilt on the recordings. “Hillary Clinton took me through Hell,” the victim said. The Daily Beast agreed to withhold her name out of concern for her privacy as a victim of sexual assault… On the tapes, Clinton, who speaks in a Southern drawl, appears to acknowledge that she was aware of her client's guilt, brags about successfully getting the only piece of physical evidence thrown out of court, and laughs about it all whimsically. “He took a lie detector test. I had him take a polygraph, which he passed, which forever destroyed my faith in polygraphs,” Clinton says on the recording, failing to hold back some chuckles.
Eh, none of it matters. The e-mail scandal has media legs partly because it's new dirt and partly because it fits the narrative that Hillary and Bill are shady, wily characters. Her finger-wagging about sexual assault despite her long, dismal background on the subject has no legs because people simply cannot and will not believe that the First! Woman! President! could possibly be weak on that issue. Hillary knows it too, which is why she felt safe to lecture about it today. If she felt vulnerable about it, she would have kept her distance.
How I Snatched 153,037 ETH After A Bad Tinder Date
Mitch Brenner Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 12, 2017
Over the weekend, I did a lot of swiping right. I've never had a Tinder go this fast from match to agreeing on a date time this fast before. I was thrilled! On the following Friday we went out. The evening started nice, but he got creepier and creepier by the hour. A few hours in, he's a full-on creep. I had to bolt. Not a big deal — I prefer a night tracing scam ICO's transactions anyway.
Okay, so, in the day I sit and watch streams of Bitcoin and Ethereum transactions flowing from markets escrow accounts to sellers, from exchanges to users, from users to mixing party contracts, and so on and so forth, flagging interesting transactions, following flows between accounts suspected of activities such as child pornography exchange, human trafficking, etc. 8 hours a day everyday. At night, when I'm not peer-pressured into going to a bar, I do the same thing but for my own fun. These days I track ICOs that are obviously scams and see how they move their money around. It can be quite fun, but that's a post for another day.
Alright. Friday night. Noise from Bastille Day's fireworks is filling the skies. I'm following a transaction trail I've worked on for a couple of weeks. One of the bigger transactions originated from a multi-sig wallet smart contract. I don't know why I did that, but I clicked in the Etherscan link and skimmed through the code. I remember finding it funny how Gav/Nicolas wrote that assembly piece there to call an internal method (initWallet) in a wallet library. Solidity is a shit language, so I wasn't all that surprised. But, I mean, really? Wasn't it so that you can call internal methods normally from derived contracts? I dunno, I'm not a Solidity programmer.
pseudo-inheritance in Solidity
So I wanted to see how much of a moron either Gav/Nicolas or yours truly are, and decided to try it myself. I created wallet's contract in my privatenet and referenced in another contract and tried to call initWallet(). No go. So I thought to myself “Hmm.. what if I make it an external method?”. So I scrolled to it and tried to remove the internal modifier. But wait! There's no internal modifier in the first place. 😲
Well, that's an interesting turn of events
Okay okay. Deep breath. What does this mean? Well, young man, this means whomever has money in such wallet is possibly ducked! To be sure, I tried calling initWallet() externally with an arbitrary owner address. Sure enough, the wallet added me as an owner. DUCKED, I SAY!
At this stage, I wasn't really sure what to make of it. Even with my non-existent sense of morality, I didn't feel like cleaning the 253 ETH in the wallet I first found because it was too low to bother. Now, I'm not a rich guy, so 253 ETH is a nice amount of money, which is about half a year salary, but I don't want burn this find on 253 ETH, plus I don't know this guy so I left it alone.
Obviously, if I can get enough money for a nice early 20s retirement out of this, I'm not gonna say no. I mean, would you? I mentioned I'm not rich, but I'm not poor either, but this is very lucrative. I can finally pay off my mom and dad's mortgage, buy my older brother a car, pay off my sister's college lo… STOP! You're daydreaming again! Now I need to find other vulnerable wallets with a lot of money in them.
But how? I'm good with analyzing data, writing code that spots patterns and anomalies, even stalk people online (for science! Well, for work actually), but I know almost nothing about how Ethereum works, how smart contracts are stored, or pretty much anything that would help me locate those wallets. The only thing I have is a fast-synced Ethereum blockchain fully cashed in RAM. I tried basic grepping, but I had no success. The blockchain isn't your grandmother's DB. Time to change gears. I've done basic things in Geth before, but now it's time to learn some Ethereum JavaScript API.
The plan is straightforward:
1- Find the Archetypes: Those are the “root” contracts based on which wallets are created.
2- Find the Children: Once I have those archetype addresses, I can find all the affected wallets that use the archetypes as library.
3- Triage: Rank the wallets by amount and grab the money from a random sample. I was thinking about 10–11k ETH in total.
4- Snatch: Do it all in one go.
5- Clean: Spend the next couple of months cleaning it up. It's my job to catch people like me, so I know how get away with cashing out that amount in dollars/euros.
#1 Find the Archetypes
Have I said I'm an Ethereum-moron? Because I am. I genuinely tried to grep the blockchain files on-disk. 😳
How can I identify the archetypes? Well, after reading up on Ethereum, I learned that method signatures are calculated by the EVM as:
get_first_4_bytes(keccak256(“method_name(arg1_type, …, argn_type)”))
In hex, that would be 0xe46dcfeb. Not a lot of entropy there, but probably unique enough for scavenging through the blockchain. I quickly whipped out the following code and loaded it in my Geth, and then went to get some sleep. By now, it's around 04:00 the next day — I needed the sleep.
Next day I woke up to this:
0x4f2875f631f4fc66b8e051defba0c9f9106d7d5a
0xa657491c1e7f16adb39b9b60e87bbb8d93988bc3
0xc0ffee0505d21342cd503bc57ed33fc2cec7f225
…
…
Not bad. Now to step #2.
#2 Find the Children
My search method is very slow, but it worked. Searching through contract creation transactions is good enough for my purpose. Now I simply replaced the previous method signature with the newly-found archetype addresses. This was pretty straight forward.
I had some minor issues with Geth, but I didn't have time since I had a work trip on Monday, so my retirement will have to wait.
On Monday night, once I was back from my trip, I loaded a backed up state from May and started a sync. This was pretty fast. I loaded my code in Geth and let it run all night. I woke up in the morning to a nice list of wallets and balances.
#3 Triage
I plugged the list in Excel and ordered by balance. Ok, that's A LOT of ETH. I got greedy. Why take 10k when I can empty one wallet and get ~ 25k? Ok. The limit is 25k. Let's take this one. 0x91efffb9c6cd3a66474688d0a48aa6ecfe515aa5.
#4 Snatch
This was quite easy after I learned the API. It's along the lines of
You get the idea
I snatched 26,793 ETH and was very happy with it. I bought with Bitcoin real quick and then went to bed. I slept like I've never slept before.
Next day while at work, the list of wallets and balances kept itching in the back of my head. Here I had access to several tens of times what I snatched already, so I wanted a bit more. At lunch time, I went home and emptied two more wallets.
#5 Clean
This is the most annoying part. Getting even half of that amount in clean fiat is going to be a very difficult challenge. Getting it straight in cash is super easy, but getting to a stage where I can use it for the aforementioned purposes (paying loans, buying a house, etc.) is probably gonna take me until the end of next year.
FAQ
But Mitch, isn't this wrong? No.
No. Will you send me some money? No. Go find your own vuln and exploit it.
No. Go find your own vuln and exploit it. Are you really gonna retire? Of course not! I actually do like my job.
Of course not! I actually do like my job. But Mitch, isn't this unethical? I don't know, maybe? Ethics isn't a singleton that is applicable to all aspects of life. My work ethics are separate from my steal-from-rich-useless-ICOs ethics and those are separate from my family ethics.
I don't know, maybe? Ethics isn't a singleton that is applicable to all aspects of life. My work ethics are separate from my steal-from-rich-useless-ICOs ethics and those are separate from my family ethics. But Mitch, you took it from actual real people.. Look, here's the thing. If you're holding 30 million dollars in 250 lines of code that you haven't audited, then it's on you. Seriously. It takes any half-decent appsec guy less than one man-day to fleece those 250 lines. At most, that would cost them a few thousands of dollars. They didn't do it because they wanted it all for free. They didn't do it because they're greedy and cheap. They absolutely deserve this.
Look, here's the thing. If you're holding 30 million dollars in 250 lines of code that you haven't audited, then it's on you. Seriously. It takes any half-decent appsec guy less than one man-day to fleece those 250 lines. At most, that would cost them a few thousands of dollars. They didn't do it because they wanted it all for free. They didn't do it because they're greedy and cheap. They absolutely deserve this. Why didn't you take more? Fewer people going after you is always worth it. Plus nobody wants a fork or a price crash.
Fewer people going after you is always worth it. Plus nobody wants a fork or a price crash. How do we know it's really you? It's absolutely the least of my concerns what you believe or don't believe.
Ropsten Tip Jar: 0x7BB4be527a4f3719e5d66a5f5Ee5f83c8d7e3aF1
Update 2017/9/14: Thanks for all nice comments. I'm glad that you guys found this entertaining and had fun reading it.
I'm also glad that a lot of you have picked up on the little things I've put here and there all over this piece. In case it wasn't clear at this point, I'll spell it explicitly — this is a fictional piece based on real events that happened on July 19th. This is my fan-fic take on how the Parity Hacker might have thought about how this went down.
It was with a heavy heart that I said a few words at the opening of the new food bank in Perth last week. Think about it! A food bank in the 7th richest nation in the world at the beginning of the 21st century. From its location in Perth, it will serve all of Perth and Kinross and the churches who have put all of this together “hope” to have satellited foodbanks in all the main population centres in Perthshire.
How has it come to this and what has gone so badly wrong that we need food banks in a wealthy abundant country? Poverty and austerity don't just appear, they are the result of political choices and priorities. Governments can choose a variety of different policies to meet the challenges of difficult situations like this terrible downturn. This Westminster Conservative government therefore chose a particular way to deal with this recession.
Their choice was to embark on a major programme of austerity by slashing budgets in an attempt to reduce the UK's massive deficit. They particularly identified the welfare budget as a prime target and since then the onslaught has been unprecedented. In the meantime the other part of our community were to be looked after and protected. They chose, for example, to give tax cuts to millionaires and recently they have chosen to give tax breaks to married couples.
In order to secure public support for these policies a narrative also had to be contrived and engineered. You therefore became a ‘striver' or a ‘skiver' and the poor were to be effectively demonised. Life on benefits was also to be made us difficult as possible. If you are on disability benefits you are to be subjected to a variety of tests by Atos. If you have a spare room and in social housing, then that will be dealt with by the bedroom tax. If you're working in low pay there is now the indignity of zero hours contracts. People with practically nothing were to be given even less and to secure these meagre ‘handouts' tougher tests were to be introduced. Workfare, daily signing on, ‘re-education' classes, etc will be a feature of any future Government support
This is what created the conditions that require food banks. Many in our communities unable to cope with their new impoverished condition and having to rely on handouts. Unable to meet the demands of the new conditions imposed on them. What an indictment of our society. The thing is we didn't vote for any of this and Scotland wouldn't do it this way. Our strong sense of community would reject this Conservative approach.
Last week we found that a majority of Scots want welfare to be the responsibility of our own Government in Scotland. That is now possible, but it is only possible with independence. It is only with independence that we can take the responsibility of welfare in Scotland out of Tory hands and put it in the hands of our Parliament and design welfare to meet our aspirations and values.
I refuse to accept that this is the way that things should be. I believe in a better way of doing this and that this starts with us taking control and responsibility and designing the community we want.
Advertisements
Cubans are bracing themselves for a clampdown on the flow of car tyres, flatscreen televisions, blue jeans and shampoo in the bags of travellers who haul large amounts of foreign-bought merchandise to an island where consumer goods are frequently shoddy, scarce and expensive.
Hundreds of thousands of Cubans and Cuban-Americans fly to and from the island each year thanks to the easing of travel restrictions by the US and Cuban governments over the past five years.
Their Cuba-bound checked baggage has become a continuous airlift that moves nearly $2bn (£1.2bn) of products ranging from razor blades to rice cookers. The baggage carousels at Cuba's airports often look like they're disgorging the contents of an entire Wal-Mart or Target store. Many families bring special trailers to carry the bags of their returning family, which often weigh many hundreds of pounds and include items such as bicycles and flatscreen TVs.
But the Cuban government on Monday is enacting new rules sharply limiting the amount of goods people can bring into the country in their luggage, and ship by boat from abroad.
The government says the restrictions are meant to curb abuses that have turned air travel in particular into a way for professional "mules" to illegally import supplies for both black-market businesses and legal private enterprises that are supposed to buy supplies from the state.
Among ordinary Cubans, reactions have ranged from worry to outrage that their primary, and for many only, source of high-quality consumer goods may be throttled.
"People are really unhappy," said Maite Delgado, a 75-year-old retired state worker. "All the clothes and shoes that I have come from my granddaughters in Spain or my siblings in the US."
The rules that come into effect Monday run to 41 pages and give a sense of the quantity and diversity of the commercial goods arriving in checked bags. Travellers will be allowed to bring in 10 kg of detergent instead of 44; one set of hand tools instead of two; and 24 bras instead of 48. Four car tyres are still permitted, as are two pieces of baby furniture and two flatscreen televisions. Cuban customs also bar passengers from bringing in items worth more than $1,000. Rather than examining receipts, customs agents are given a long list assigning pre-set values to certain goods ($250 for a video-game console, for example.) Those prices rise sharply under the new rules, making it far easier to reach that $1,000 limit.
The new rules similarly increase the duties paid on goods shipped from abroad, another major source of foreign merchandise for the island.
Authorities have taken to the airwaves and state media in recent days to assure Cubans that the vast majority of travellers won't be affected. The change is intended "to keep certain people from using current rules on non-commercial imports to bring into the country high volumes of goods that are destined for commercial sale and profit," Idalmis Rosales Milanés, deputy chief of Cuban customs, told government newspaper Granma.
The government has justified the new rules with examples of prolific "mules", including one passenger it said brought in 41 computer monitors and 66 flatscreen TVs in a year.
Between $1.7bn and $1.9bn-worth of goods were flown to Cuba in travellers' baggage last year, with the average flyer bringing in goods worth $3,551, according to a survey by the Havana Consulting Group.
"It's sustenance, support that greatly aids in the survival of the Cuban family," the consulting group president, Emilio Morales, said. "Along with cash remittances, it's the most significant source of earnings for the Cuban population, not the salaries the government pays."
While his study did not look at the final destination of travellers' goods, Morales said he estimated based on his knowledge of the phenomenon that about 60% went to families and 40% to black-market retailers.
With foreign reserves dropping sharply over the past two years as Cuba tries to pay off sovereign debt and make itself a more attractive destination for foreign investment, Morales said, the government is desperate to reduce the flow of goods and push Cubans' relatives abroad to send help in the form of cash remittances, which are subjected to hefty government fees. Limiting informal imports also would presumably help boost business in state-controlled stores.
The rule change has already had an effect in Miami, where many stores are dedicated to selling goods to island-bound Cubans and Cuban-Americans.
"I haven't sold almost anything this morning," said Diana Calzadilla, 28, a cashier at Cadalzo Fashion, a store in Miami's Little Havana neighbourhood that sells discount clothing and accessories to travellers on their way to Cuba. "People look around but they don't buy anything because they're not sure how much they're going to be able to bring."
Several "mules" have commented that they are going to look into other ways to make money, she said. At least one customer, she said, appeared decided.
"It was their last trip," she said. "They don't know if they'll go again."
Pete the Pup Pete the Pup, center, with Matthew "Stymie" Beard and Bobby "Wheezer" Hutchins in the Gang comedy School's Out, 1930. First appearance 1927 Last appearance 1938 Portrayed by Pal the Wonder Dog, Lucenay's Peter, and other dogs Information Nickname Petey Species Dog Gender Male
Pete the Pup (original, 1924 – June 1930; second Pete, September 9, 1929 – January 28, 1946) was a character in Hal Roach's Our Gang comedies (later known as The Little Rascals) during the 1930s. Otherwise known as "Pete, the dog with the ring around his eye", or simply "Petey". He was well known for having a circled eye which was added by Hollywood make-up artist Max Factor[1] and credited as an oddity in Ripley's Believe It or Not. The original Pete (sired by "Tudor's Black Jack") was a UKC registered American Pit Bull Terrier named "Pal, the Wonder Dog"[2][3][4][5], and had a natural ring almost completely around his right eye; dye was used to finish it off.
Career [ edit ]
Our Gang cast with Director Robert McGowan. Pal the Wonder Dog as Pete, along withcast with Director Robert McGowan.
When he was about six months old, Pal the Wonder Dog made an appearance in the Harold Lloyd film The Freshman, in 1925.[6]
Pal first started out as "Tige" in the Buster Brown series in the 1920s. It was during this time that he acquired the circled eye, and when he was recruited to appear in the Gang comedies later that year, Hal Roach simply left it on, creating one of the most recognized dogs in film history.
Trainer and owner Lt. Harry Lucenay used one of Pal's offspring as Pete in the series after Pal was poisoned and died in 1930.[7] The dog, named Lucenay's Peter, was bred by A. A. Keller. The second Pete looked very similar to the first Pete but was a mirror image; the circle around first Pete's right eye was around the left eye of his son, the second Pete. The second Pete appeared as a puppy on Pups Is Pups and was nearly full-grown on his second appearance, School's Out. The second Pete's last Our Gang appearance was The Pooch in 1933. The plot had a dog catcher who attempts to catch Pete and euthanise him, but is unsuccessful. After Lucenay was fired from the Gang series in 1932, he retired Peter to Atlantic City, where he was photographed with children at the Steel Pier. Beginning with Hook and Ladder (filmed the same year), an unrelated dog played Pete, after which, various unrelated dogs would play the role through 1938.
A parody of Pete appeared briefly in the 1935 Bob Hope short Watch the Birdie, which was produced by Warner Bros.
In the 1982 cartoon series produced by Hanna-Barbera, he was voiced by Peter Cullen. In the 1994 feature film remake of The Little Rascals, Pete is an American Bulldog, and in the 2014 movie The Little Rascals Save the Day, Pete is a mutt.
Death [ edit ]
Roach used a number of unrelated dogs to portray Pete in Our Gang until 1938.[7] Lucenay's Peter continued on and died of old age on January 28, 1946, in Los Angeles, California, at age 16 years/4 months, two years after the Gang series ended. Pete is buried at Los Angeles Pet Memorial Park at Calabasas, Los Angeles County, California, United States.
One Direction are Liam Payne, Harry Styles, Louis Tomlinson and Niall Horan. In just over five years together they have impressively sold more than 70 million records, have achieved over 100 number ones and performed to over 10 million fans worldwide
The band came together at the boot camp stage of The X Factor 2010 and made it all the way to the final before finishing 3rd. Their global smash debut album, ‘Up All Night', has sold over 5 million copies and reached #1 in 17 countries. Their BRIT Award winning debut single ‘What Makes You Beautiful' entered the charts at #1 in the UK. In the U.S., ‘What Makes You Beautiful' sold more than 131,000 copies in its first week, debuting at #12 on the Billboard Digital Songs chart. Their #28 debut on the Billboard Hot 100 marked the highest debut from a British Group since the Spice Girls in 1998. 'Up All Night' also debuted at #1 on the US Billboard 200 chart with over 176,000 copies sold in week 1 alone. This made chart history, as 1D became the first British group ever to debut at #1 in the US with their debut album release.
The bands second album, ‘Take Me Home' has also to date sold over 5 million copies worldwide and reached number 1 in 37 countries. In the summer of 2013 One Direction made their movie debut with their massive hit 3D concert movie and documentary One Direction: This Is Us. The film has been a phenomenal success, topping the UK and US box offices and grossing over $70 Million worldwide.
Their third studio album titled ‘Midnight Memories' was released globally on November 25th 2013 and features the smash singles ‘Best Song Ever', ‘Story Of My Life', title track ‘Midnight Memories' and ‘You & I'. ‘Midnight Memories' became the fastest-selling album in the UK in 2013, shot to number 1 in an incredible 31 countries including the USA, UK and Australia and earned the band the prestigious IFPI award for biggest selling album of the year.
On the touring side, 1D are no strangers to big venues, having ended 2012 selling out Madison Square Garden in less than 10 minutes. 2013 was just as exciting for the boys as they took their Take Me Home Tour to Europe, America, Canada, Mexico, Australia, New Zealand and Japan, winning a BRIT Award, 2 American Music Awards, 3 Billboard Music Awards, 6 Teen Choice Awards and an MTV Video Music Award along the way.
Incredibly 2014 proved to be even more exciting. They kicked off the year by winning 2 BRIT awards for ‘Best Video” and ‘Global Success'. On top of this they embarked on the biggest tour of the year; the ‘Where We Are' tour which saw the boys perform in stadiums all over the globe including South America, Europe, UK and North America.
One Direction's fourth album FOUR was released on 17th November 2014 and debuted at #1 in 26 countries including hitting #1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart with over 387,000 copies sold in one week. Once again, One Direction made history as the first group to ever have their first four albums debut at #1 in the US. This amazing U.S. debut came hot off the heels of One Direction's incredible night at the American Music Awards where they took home 3 awards including Artist of the Year. On Spotify, FOUR has received the largest first week streams ever in the US with over 11.6 million streams and 29.3 million streams globally. The band also reached a milestone with Spotify as they hit 1 billion total streams, joining an elite handful of superstars to reach this feat.
On November 13th, 2015 the band released their 5th studio album ‘Made in the A.M.', which features the singles ‘Drag Me Down ‘, “Perfect” and “History”. ‘Drag Me Down' was released on the 31st July and went straight in at No.1 in the UK charts. The album has to date sold over 3.5 million copies worldwide.
On the 13th December 2015 the band performed “Infinity” and “History” (the third single off ‘Made in the A.M.”) on the UK XFactor Final before embarking on a hiatus in 2016.
Yesterday, I began to tell a story about character assassination. It's a story about how I came to be the focus of one crusading quasi-journalist and a group of GMO opponents unhappy with my reporting and writing on the topic of agricultural biotechnology.
What I have experienced these past few years is not uncommon for science journalists reporting on contested science, be it pertaining to climate change, vaccines, GMOs, etc. By “contested science,” I mean a field of science with policy implications and a high degree of public interest that has become contested in the public sphere by religious ideological, or politically-driven interests.
For example, in the 2000s, creationists made evolutionary biology a “contested science” when they tried to insert “intelligent design” in school curriculums during a campaign called “Teach the Controversy.” The effort was rightly opposed and legally challenged (successfully) by science educators, high school teachers, and science advocates. In a rather ironic development, the creationist campaign has come to be taught in some classrooms–just not as creationists had intended.
Climate change is another classic example of “contested science” in the same mold. Earlier this year, the Heartland Institute, a conservative/libertarian think tank long hostile to climate science, took a page out of the creationist playbook and mailed scientifically inaccurate classroom materials to thousands of school teachers nationwide. The Heartland Institute claims it is attempting to teach the “debate” on climate change, but this is disingenuous. What it really is trying to do is cast doubt on multiple lines of well-established evidence of anthropogenic climate change.
The debate over GMOs in the last twenty years has been marred by similar concerted efforts to discredit and muddy the underlying science of agricultural biotechnology. Don't take my word for it. Read Will Saletan's thoroughly researched and reported 2015 deep dive at Slate. The subhead of his piece is what he discovered: “The war against genetically modified organisms is full of fearmongering, errors and fraud.”
This is precisely what I found after immersing myself in the issues that had come to define the GMO discourse. I wrote about that for Slate in 2012. I didn't know at the time I would continue to cover the GMO story, but the more I looked into the issues that shaped it, the more fascinated I became by the false narratives that had become entrenched. So I followed my curiosity and learned how some of those powerful narratives were constructed.
By the way, I'm not the only journalist who has debunked zombie GMO myths. See, for example, Dan Charles at NPR and Brooke Borel at Popular Science. Other talented reporters, such as Nate Johnson at Grist and Amy Harmon at the New York Times, have undertaken herculean journalism projects that crystallized both scientific and socio-political controversies that have dogged the GMO discourse. Additionally, Michael Specter at the The New Yorker and Tamar Haspel at The Washington Post have done amazing journalism on thorny GMO-related issues.
I'm sure there are others I'm forgetting at the moment, but you get the point. All those aforementioned journalists have performed a valuable public service with journalism on GMOs that has been revelatory, nuanced, engaging, fearless, and evidence-based. I am not in their league. (It has been said, though, that I punch above my weight.)
But I have something they don't have: A super-dedicated internet stalker who also harangues my employers/colleagues at the magazines I freelance and at the universities I teach at. Additionally, I have this charming fellow popping up in my Twitter feed every few months.
Our turn to make them pay,@thackerpd, w/dividend. Revenge is to be eaten cold.
Will help you get shill @keithkloor for the rest of his life. — NassimNicholasTaleb (@nntaleb) September 14, 2016
The famed, wealthy author is notoriously irascible on Twitter, so it's not as if this sort of thing is out of character for him. However, the person who he is exchanging Twitter pleasantries with has developed an unhealthy fixation with me. Every so often, this person–my super-dedicated internet stalker–channels his obsession into an article about my apparent shortcomings as a journalist. The first time he did this in 2015 didn't turn out so well. His article got retracted by a respected publication (though, on principle, I didn't agree with the retraction and said so publicly).
I should mention that my super dedicated internet stalker has also taken an inordinate interest in Tamar Haspel, who he often disparages on Twitter (and who knows where else). Here's a representative example:
You have to understand that @TamarHaspel is basically a mouthpiece for ag scientist messaging https://t.co/qWNKOnebJN — Paul Thacker (@thackerpd) February 5, 2016
He tends to be a bit…well, conspiratorial:
Deploy @MonsantoCo Twitter Horde. You guys better reach out to @amy_harmon & @specterm. Get out in front of this. https://t.co/5c8iUoNnWf — Paul Thacker (@thackerpd) October 4, 2016
And if you think I'm just picking out a few random tweets, you should read Thacker's interaction with science communicator Aaron Huertas.
So I can't claim to be the sole target of what Huertas characterizes as Thacker's “rather silly and crass tactics.” But I gotta give Thacker credit for going the extra mile with me, as demonstrated in his latest valentine published at the Huffington Post, titled “Keith Kloor's Endearing Love Affair with GMO's.”
In my previous post, I started to deconstruct the main accusations, which go beyond my supposed fondness for GMOs. That job deserves to be completed, and I thought I would get it done here. But I felt a bit more needed to be said about the person who wrote that article and how he conducts himself.
Please indulge me and come back tomorrow. We'll have a closer (and final) look at what some are suggesting is a “journalism scandal.” Like I said at the outset of this post, it's actually a story about character assassination.
A study into the state of democracy in Britain over the last decade warns it is in "long-term terminal decline" as the power of corporations keeps growing, politicians become less representative of their constituencies and disillusioned citizens stop voting or even discussing current affairs.
The report by Democratic Audit shared exclusively with the Guardian notes there have been many positive advances over the last 10 years: stronger select committees of MPs holding ministers and civil servants to account; devolution of power to Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales, and publication of much more information about politicians' expenses and party donors. But it found evidence of many other areas where Britain appeared to have moved further away from its two benchmarks of representative democracy: control over political decision-making, and how fairly the system reflects the population it represents – a principle most powerfully embedded in the concept of one person, one vote.
Among its concerns, identified from databases of official statistics and public surveys, were that Britain's constitutional arrangements are "increasingly unstable" owing to changes such as devolution; public faith in democratic institutions "decaying"; a widening gap in the participation rates of different social classes of voters; and an "unprecedented" growth in corporate power, which the study's authors warn "threatens to undermine some of the most basic principles of democratic decision-making".
In an interview with the Guardian, Stuart Wilks-Heeg, the report's lead author, warned that Britons could soon have to ask themselves "whether it's really representative democracy any more?"
UKs weakening democracy Photograph: Graphic
"The reality is that representative democracy, at the core, has to be about people voting, has to be about people engaging in political parties, has to be about people having contact with elected representatives, and having faith and trust in elected representatives, as well as those representatives demonstrating they can exercise political power effectively and make decisions that tend to be approved of," said Wilks-Heeg.
"All of that is pretty catastrophically in decline. How low would turnout have to be before we question whether it's really representative democracy at all?" The UK's democratic institutions were strong enough to keep operating with low public input, but the longer people avoided voting and remained disillusioned, the worse the problem would get, said Wilks-Heeg.
"Over time, disengagement skews the political process yet further towards those who are already more advantaged by virtue of their wealth, education or professional connections. And without mass political participation, the sense of disconnection between citizens and their representatives will inevitably grow."
Membership of political parties and election turnout has fallen significantly in the last decade, with only 1% of the electorate belonging to a party, and just over six out of 10 eligible voters going to the ballot box in the 2010 general election and barely one in three in European and local elections. But the depth of public disillusionment and the range of ways voters are turning away from politics revealed by the latest study could shock even those involved.
Sadiq Khan, shadow justice secretary and former chair of human rights group, Liberty, said: "What I find really troubling is there's no shortage of big issues which we must get to grips with – the economy, the future of our health, education and social care systems, our environment – many of which grab the attention of the public, but there's a disconnect when it comes to party politics."
For its fourth report in a series dating back to 1996, Democratic Audit examined dozens of data sets from Britain and other countries with democratic governments, legislation, public opinion surveys and research from other academics.
The report, funded by the Joseph Rowntree Charitable Trust, found 74 "areas of improvement", ranging from the increasing use of the 1998 Human Rights Act to growing membership of smaller parties such as the Scottish Nationalist party and the Greens, which gained its first MP, Caroline Lucas, in 2010.
However, there were 92 areas in which the authors had "continuing concerns", such as the uncertainty over England's constitutional settlement as powers were increasingly devolved to the other three parts of the UK, and increasing evidence of press harassment; and a further 62 "new or emerging concerns", including electoral fraud and declining newspaper sales and audiences for TV news.
Britain also ranked below average compared with other wealthy democracies in the OECD and the EU, and even worse when measured against Nordic countries for issues from party membership and turnout to corruption, press freedom, income inequality and trade union membership.
This was "further evidence of the areas in which [the UK] falls short, not of an abstract ideal of democracy, but of what has been demonstrated to be possible," adds the report.
The exercise was not intended as a "scorecard" since the issues covered ranged from lowering the age at which candidates can stand in elections to setting up a supreme court; but the combined result is "fine grained", says the report.
"The sheer volume of qualitative and quantitative evidence we have collated, not just for our current audit but also for the previous ones, enables us to make informed judgments," it adds.
Recent attempts to rejuvenate democracy had not had much success: last year only 42% voted in a rare referendum on changing the voting system for general elections, and in May [2012] eight out of nine cities rejected the chance to have directly elected mayors like London. Among the changes that could stem or reverse the democratic drift would be stronger powers for MPs to hold ministers to account, and a written constitution to ensure institutions such as the Electoral Commission were not vulnerable to being abolished by future governments, said Wilks-Heeg.
A proposal to reform the Lords by having mostly elected members was also welcome, but would only work as part of a wider vision, not the usually "piecemeal" approach, said Wilkes-Heeg.
Folks, Converse has announced an upgrade to their classic Chuck Taylors — the first such modification in 98 years. This new version appears in stores starting today.
Among the changes: CUSHIONING.
It's true. But before getting all Ron Swanson-channeling-Bobby Knight about it, let's take a deep breath and examine the situation.
The History
Chucks have long been favored among lifters for their no-frills, retro-cool style and flat, inflexible (un-padded) sole, which was difficult to find, prior to the modern barefoot/minimalist revolution triggered by Born to Run and brands such as Vibram (Five Fingers) and Vivo Barefoot, and which then moved quickly into the mainstream. For decades prior, the simple-as-can-be Chuck Taylors reigned in the parks and gyms and are still as ubiquitous as ever.
The Problem With Cushioning in the Chuck Taylor Redesign
The designers were careful to change very little about the external appearance, but the newly-cushioned sole is a soul CRUSHER in our strength-training world.
Why? Because it disperses and displaces energy. The connection between yourself and the ground must be solid — no gaps, no squishy room, no “other” place for the force to go but to exactly where you “tell” it to (the implement). How much more difficult would it be to press a bar or bell overhead if you first have to compress all the foam beneath your feet before anything else happens?
Plus, it's safer, allowing for greater proprioception. Our feet were designed to give us feedback about the environment, not be blinded from it. Arches and the common fallacy of arch support are yet another component to this — but that's a discussion for another time.
In any case: A legion of strength enthusiasts and culturists will not be among the converts to this squishy new model.
Not a Replacement… Yet
We are assured that the Chuck II will not replace the original… at least not yet. For now it's merely an addition to the line.
If the new design is a hit and outsells the original, we can expect some boardroom discussions, to be sure. Our team of speculators are forecasting a 79% probability of the eventual discontinuation of the classic Chucks, in the wake of a successful Chuck II launch. #veryveryscientific
The Intersection of Performance, Style, and Culture
We are champions of substance over style, so if the substance (or lack of in this case… read: cushioning) is replicated elsewhere, then have we become a bunch of crybabies griping about style? Over the past six years, the market has exploded with minimalist shoe options with thin, flat soles — perfect for lifting. (No, we will not attempt to list them all here.) So maybe the Chuck Taylor devotees should just suck it up and stop throwing chairs and give the NB Minimus or whathaveyou a chance (and many of us have already — see the below comment about toe-room).
But still, if and once the classic Chucks are discontinued, we will have lost a little piece of tradition and nostalgia, not to mention an iconic (and affordable) old-school Americana style represented in gyms across the nation (if not the world), as one of the few styles of ANYTHING, EVER to so seamlessly and successfully span both genders and generations. This characteristic is quite fitting, in the context of their gym use — StrongFirst methods of training being scalable for, and perfectly indiscriminate of, age or gender, even of one's era. They are universal. The principles are everlasting. Is the Chuck Taylor a “footwear” representation of this? Stop to consider how amazing it is, that an apparel item of one specific style could be every bit as appealing to a typical eight-year-old girl as it is to a typical eighty-year-old man. I mean really.
Tradition, Though — Does it REALLY Matter?
Maybe it's silly. Or, maybe there is something pretty cool about matching a photo of yourself or of your offspring to one of a great-grandfather or great-grandmother, performing the exact same exercises in the exact same athletic shoe. Barbell, kettlebell, and bodyweight strength training have been around a LONG time, and are here to stay. Chuck Taylors have already been around for 100 years, and it seemed like they just always would be. I mean, they're a piece of canvas stitched to a slab of rubber with a toe cap, for goodness sake, and that's really all that we have needed from a foot-covering. (Extra toe room for the wide-footed among us, notwithstanding.)
Chucks have been one of those few simple and enduring constants, among such mainstays as the perfection of 5×5 or even of the deadlift itself. A silly, perhaps, but still very real connection to history. To our history. To the un-fancy and the un-complicated. To a thing that, in the lifting world at least, AIN'T broke and does NOT require “fixing,” man.
So, considering all of the above, a few response options are left available to you.
1. Freak Out
Scream, stomp your feet, start a petition, write letters, kick sand, do whatever you can to ensure the original design remains in stores forever and ever. Your battle cry? “SAVE THE CHUCKS!” (By the way, yes, you are a big dramatic crybaby. But we totally get it.) 79%…
2. Stock Up
The originals ARE still available, so if you just cannot handle the idea of life without them, why not stock up now on several extra pairs? #logic
3. Switch Brands
There really are like dozens of alternatives out there now, and you don't have to spend upwards of $150 for some great (and great-looking) zero-drop minimalist training shoes. No, we don't want to be forced into this option, but it's still a fine option.
4. Break out the Scalpel
Maybe the inner liner/padding can be stripped out? Someone check that out and let us know in the comments.
5. Just Go Barefoot
Build/start your own gym, without a footwear requirement. (Hey, we are listing ALL options here, not just the “easy” ones.) *wink*
Chucks do look cool, but barefoot training still rules. That said, of course we would prefer that the classic product will be here to stay. 21%… we've seen worse odds.
Can any American woman – including Hillary Clinton – be elected president as long as there is a gender gap in “likability”?
Maybe, but it will be a tough slog.
Men who are forceful and competent are seen by both sexes as assertive, worthy of promotion and likable, reports NYU psychologist Madeline Heilman.
Women who are competent and forceful, on the other hand, are seen by both sexes as unlikable, unfeminine, aggressive, conniving and untrustworthy – what Heilman called “your typical constellation of ‘bitchy' characteristics'”. She added that often, such women are seen as “not just unlikable, but downright awful”.
Less competent women are seen as more likable, but not very good at their jobs. And women who were perceived as friendly and likable were seen as not competent and less likely to be promoted than men.
These attitudes create a real double bind for women: be very competent, and you'll be seen as a “bitch” and not promoted. Be less competent, or even just more friendly, and you won't be able to move up – or you might wind up out the door.
As Hillary Clinton runs for president, early polls show that few doubts her competence, but “likability” is a problem. Google offers page after page of media stories about whether she is “likable enough”, as then Senator Obama condescendingly said during the 2008 campaign. Celebrity author Ed Klein, whose previous efforts to chronicle Clinton were roundly criticized, has a new book out about her titled Unlikeable: The Problem with Hillary.
“Clinton being painted rightly or wrongly as ‘unlikable' will damage her electability,” said Adrienne Kimmell, executive director of the Barbara Lee Family Foundation, which has campaigned to get a woman in the White House. Kimmell told the Boston Globe that “female candidates who aren't likable also are viewed as less qualified for the post, even if the candidate has excellent credentials”.
The foundation found that women, much more so than men, must be seen favorably to garner votes. Its research found that, in the 2010 gubernatorial contests, when women opposed each other, the more likable candidate won in nine of 10 contests. But when two men ran against each other, favorability didn't predict the outcome.
In this presidential campaign, too, Donald Trump seems to get more popular the louder he gets – and when he makes nasty remarks about his fellow Republicans, the higher his poll numbers climb. Mr Nice Guy he is not.
Could Clinton get away with such behavior? Hardly. A New Hampshire focus group run by Bloomberg Politics came to the conclusion that Hillary Clinton speaks with an “edge”, is “condescending” and “bitchy”.
Bloomberg Politics managing editor Mark Halperin asked voters if Hillary's personality would hurt her, and every hand was raised.
Meanwhile, few question Clinton's competence or her experience; we all know she's a policy wonk. Pushing her grandmother status – as the campaign has done ad nauseum for months – may be as helpful as her advisers have hoped. “I think it's a way to soften her image and make her seem very relatable,” Jennifer Lawless, director of American University's Women & Politics Institute, explained to the Washington Post. It even seems to have helped her likability ratings in polls.
Sheryl Sandberg, who wrote the bestseller Lean In, knows all about the B-word and the ways in which women compensate. She wrote:
I believe this bias is at the very core of why women are held back. It is also at the very core of why women hold themselves back. When a woman excels at her job, both men and women will comment that she is accomplishing a lot but is “not as well liked by her peers.'” She is probably also “too aggressive”, “not a team player”, “a bit political”; she “can't be trusted” or is “difficult”.
She cited in her book an experiment conducted at Columbia Business School and New York University by professors Frank Flynn and Cameron Anderson, respectively. They selected the résumé of a real-life female entrepreneur who was quite successful and noted for her outgoing personality. The woman's real name, Heidi, was placed on one set of identical résumés, and a man's name, Howard, on another. Half of a group of business school students read Heidi's résumé, the other half read Howard's.
The result was stunning. The students rated Heidi and Howard as equally competent, but Howard was judged to be likable and a good colleague. Heidi, however, was seen as overly aggressive, selfish and not someone you'd want to work with.
As Sandberg noted in her book, “When a man is successful, he is liked by both men and women. When a woman is successful, people of both genders like her less.”
So what can women do about the “competent but unlikable” syndrome? Maybe the best advice is just to know what you want and go for it – even if it's the presidency.
Professors Herminia Ibarra, Robin Ely and Deborah Kolb wrote in the Harvard Business Review, “To manage the competence-likability trade-off – the seeming choice between being respected and being liked – women are taught to downplay femininity, or to soften a hard-charging style or to try to strike a perfect balance between the two.”
That's a lot of time and effort that men don't simply have to put in, and the effort itself can be “self-defeating”, according to Ibarra, Ely and Kolb.
Over-investment in one's image diminishes the emotional and motivational resources available for larger purposes. People who focus on how others perceive them are less clear about their goals, less open to learning from failure, and less capable of self-regulation.
Women in the US may have a tougher time combatting the perception bias, given our chaotic and weakening party structure. No longer do politicians meekly stand back and accept the choices of party establishments. Individuals can put together huge war chests through political action committees, gobble up media time if they are savvy – like Donald Trump – and use social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook to connect directly with voters.
The emphasis on individual personalities in the US differs from the emphasis in parliamentary elections. When strong parties select and back candidates and the election cycles are shorter, there is just less time to focus on the personalities of every candidate and on every minor gaffe.
And parties in parliamentary systems can insist on certain levels of female representation among their seated delegates, creating a back bench of candidates who can move up within the party structures without being entirely vulnerable to voters' perceptions that they might not be likable enough.
To succeed today in American government or Americans businesses, women have to confront and challenge entrenched stereotypes that can easily derail their best efforts at advancement. It isn't fair, but it's necessary because, until the B-word is vanquished, Clinton might be able to put another 18 million cracks in the glass ceiling, but still have to convince voters they would want to have a beer with her.
If you've stepped outside, there's no way you could miss it. Summer is here, and it's bringing with it record temperatures.
Environment Canada says at least 11 temperature records fell on Saturday, some dating back close to a century.
Lytton led the province with the highest temperature, clocking in at 36.5 degrees, shattering a record set in 1926.
Cache Creek was close behind, with a scorching 35.6 degrees, topping a 1992 record.
The Fraser Valley was also feeling the heat with a number of records falling, including another from 1926 in Chilliwack where the mercury hit 34.8 degrees in official readings.
WATCH: Metro Vancouver heat wave
Abbotsford also broke a record where the temperature topped out at 32.2 degrees, as did Hope where it hit 31.1 degrees.
Squamish had a scorcher too, with temperatures also reaching 31.1 degrees.
Vancouver fared a little better, with temperatures topping out just over 25 degrees Saturday afternoon.
READ MORE: Heat wave expected for Metro Vancouver prompts special weather statement
The heat has prompted Environment Canada to issue a special weather statement for the weekend, warning of temperatures over 32 degrees in areas away from the water.
Officials are also warning of risks to young children, seniors, pregnant women, people with chronic illnesses and those exerting themselves outdoors.
That last warning played out in real time on Coquitlam's Burke Mountain Saturday afternoon, where search and rescue crews were tasked with helping a hiker who was overcome by the heat.
Vancouver Coastal Health is reminding people to keep their homes cool and to ensure they're drinking plenty of fluids.
People with seniors in their lives are also asked to check in on them regularly, to ensure they're handling the heat.
Environment Canada has issued a special weather statement for hot weather. Stay safe in the heat: https://t.co/Ml4uuqDX8e #MetroVancouver — VCH Healthcare (@VCHhealthcare) June 24, 2017
It's also warning sunseekers to play it safe if they're tanning by regularly slathering on the sunscreen.
And the SPCA is once again reminding people never to leave pets in a parked car, where the heat can reach deadly levels in just minutes.
Environment Canada says the heat wave is expected to break by Monday when a flow of cooler, marine air is expected to blow in.
BUENA PARK The president of the Buena Park School District school board has been arrested on suspicion of trafficking child pornography, Fontana police said.
Dennis Brian Chambers, 50, was arrested Wednesday at his Buena Park home culminating a six-month-long investigation.
Detectives from multiple agencies worked together to investigate “a group of individuals that were distributing child pornography over the internet,” Fontana police said in a statement.
Chambers was one of those identified in the group. Investigators went to his home in the 8000 block of Taylor Street with a search warrant.
“A search of the residence revealed an electronic storage device, which contained thousands of child pornographic videos and images,” the police statement said.
Greg Magnuson, the district's superintendent, released a statement saying the news was “shocking and greatly disturbing” and reassuring that the district is fully supportive of the police investigation.
“As an elected official, Mr. Chambers was always accompanied by adult staff members whenever he was in contact with students while visiting our campuses,” the statement said. “Nevertheless, as this case proceeds, he will be asked to refrain from attending school functions or being on any of our school campuses.”
A fellow board member echoed the shock of the news.
“We're all beside ourselves,” Rochelle Smith, a fellow board member, said Thursday afternoon. “The most important thing is the safety of our kids. We're doing our due diligence and communicating with the community.”
Smith said the board would likely be having a closed meeting Thursday night, April 20 to determine what to do give the president's situation. Chambers' term is through 2018.
Chambers was arrested at the residence and later booked at the Santa Ana Central Jail. He is being held in the Theo Lacy Facility in Orange County in lieu of $250,000 bail. He is scheduled to appear in court on Friday.
Anyone with any information about this case was asked to call Detective Hale of the Fontana Police Department's ICAC Task Force at 909-356-7156.
Peanut Needs Your Help My , 6 year old French Bulldog Peanut came to me a few months back. The first thing he learned when he came was, to walk down a ramp. NOT jump off the bed, Peanut is a Service Dog for me !! But in April. . . . .
Peanut Needs Your Help
My , 6 year old French Bulldog Peanut came to me a few months back. The first thing he learned when he came was, to walk down a ramp. NOT jump off the bed,
Peanut is a Service Dog for me !!
But in April 2013, he got in a hurry to run down the ramp, and he overshot it, and fell over the other side, and hit his head on the way down on a dresser drawer !! Peanut never made a whimper or anything but came to me to hold, it is the only place that he is relaxed, and calm. He circles for a long time , before he can settle down to sleep. He is on prednisone to help any shrinkage on the brain, but he NEEDS to go have an MRI .He has gotten a bit better from the beginning but has stopped progressing any more.
I can just supply the edges of this cost of care.
I am asking friends or just anyone who Loved Bulldogs Like I do to give any amount that they can afford- a $1.00 helps --any amount
And Peanut and I (and his sister Pippa) will thank you for even reading and maybe sharing this on your Facebook/Google,twitter,LinkedIn page. or e mails .
KGW-TV's three unions are going public about a standoff with management negotiators for parent company Gannett. At noon on Saturday, April 25, they'll assemble at Pioneer Courthouse Square — where the station has an office — for a public town hall.
All three unions are having a tough time negotiating new collective bargaining agreements with the station: International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees (IATSE) Local 600, the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) Local 48, and the Screen Actors Guild-American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (SAG-AFTRA).
The big sticking point is a proposal by Gannett to eliminate union jurisdiction. As union negotiators understand it, that would mean contract terms would apply only to current union members, and the company could hire new employees to do the same work under different terms.
Blues musician Norman Sylvester will perform at the event.
Self-propelled howitzer gatecrashes party
A self-propelled howitzer parked in a club – that's what people in Szubin (kujawsko-pomorskie voivodship) could see last Saturday night. According to the police, the howitzer drove into the building due to a technical failure.
The local disco-club Mono arranged a military show for that night and everything was going well until the howitzer ran suddenly out of control. The driver was showing off on a nearby track prepared especially for the party, turned towards the entrance and was supposed to stop just in front of the club. Unfortunately, it didn't and the gigantic machine drove through the main door and only stopped at the front wall.
Technical malfunction
The first assumption was a gearbox malfunction, but a blocked breaking system is also being considered. These could be the reasons why the howitzer ran out of control and struck the club. It was driven by its owner. The club's proprietor – a militaria freak – was also in. The police tested both men and they were sober.
Aftermath
Nobody was hurt and the construction wasn't damaged in any way that couldn't be fixed quickly. Only the front wall and the main door have to undergo some renovations, so Capt. Paweł Przybylski, the press officer of Powiatowa Komenda Straży Pożarnej (District Fire Department) in Nakło nad Notecią. The police confirmed that it was the 2S1 Gvozdika howitzer specifically and not a tank, as the onlookers claimed it was.
The machine was taken out on a trailer but no one wanted to go back partying, so the club's owner cancelled the party altogether. He stresses, however, that his affection to military stuff stays unaffected: “It certainly wasn't the last party with a military theme,” he reassures.
If you want to see how to hit a party with a howitzer, click this link (all credits to the owner).
∼ If you enjoyed, please Like or share! ∼
One of the most popular songs of last year, if not ever, is reaching a new milestone this week, but Gotye's hit single “Somebody That I Used To Know” is still sharing its huge financial rewards, reaching over approximately $1 million in returns, but even with those figures, Gotye is waving goodbye to more than half of the royalties.
According to the Courier Mail, next week finds “Somebody That I Used To Know” celebrating its one year anniversary on the ARIA Top 50 singles charts, coming in at a pretty solid #43. The news comes after the acclaimed single has landed a #1 ranking in 24 countries over the past 12 months. Originally released on July 5th 2011 in Australia and New Zealand, debuting a week later at #27 on the ARIA Singles Charts despite an initial lack of airplay on major radio stations.
While we can only imagine Gotye swimming in a gigantic gold swimming pool filled with $100 notes thanks to the enormous success of the single, it appears that his royalties of the (overplayed) track are split with another artist, and we are not talking about Kimbra.
Luiz Bonfa is a Brazilian guitarist and composer, best known for a track he wrote for the 1959 film Black Orpheus, and an adventurous pioneer in South America's jazz scene, and it is his guitar playing that opens Gotye's world-beating song. The ubiquitous single samples Luiz Bonfa's “Seville” in the beginning of the track and can be heard throughout.
As such, despite its ongoing chart success and enormous sales, before the single became a worldwide phenomenon, Gotye was more than willing to split the song's royalties with the Brazilian almost equally. So now there are two happy chaps swimming in Gotye's money pool… or perhaps not. Luiz Bonfa has been dead for over a decade. Luiz Bonfa is a Brazilian guitarist and composer – and it is his guitar playing that opens Gotye's world-beating song… [He] was more than willing to split the song's royalties with the Brazilian almost equally.
As previously reported, Gotye remarked in a Billboard interview that “Luiz Bonfa's sample directly prompted the first line of lyrics,” adding that “the back and forth left me thinking about these different break-ups and different relationships over the years, and the lyrics flowed from there.”
So what does this mean in terms of divided royalties? As the Courier Mail reports, before the release of the track in 2011, the decision to all but halve the royalties with Bonfa would have been very reasonable for the small-time Australian artist. With a dividing percentage of 55/45; Gotye and Bonfa are also both credited as co-writers of the track.
The track (that almost was never released) went on to push Australia's Wally De Backer into worldwide fame, with the help of the gorgeous guest vocalist Kimbra. The duo landing themselves a shelf full of awards, including Record Of The Year and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 2013 Grammys, not to mention becoming one of the most downloaded tracks of all time and one of the most watched Youtube clips of all time. The rest of course, is history, with “Somebody That I Used To Know” exceeding everyone's expectations, and putting creative Australian musicians back on the world map.
So, assuming that the APRA royalty, of 8.9 percent, is split evenly between the two and that the track sells for an average price of $1.20, the Bonfa estate would have collected more than $1 million so far, with that figure steadily growing.
So despite having died in 2001 at the age of 78, Bonfa has now become a millionaire thanks to a small sample repeated on Gotye's most popular track, which his estate can now enjoy.
The royalties figure does not include radio airplay, streaming and Youtube hits, which also extract a small percentage for each play. The figure is not a lot, until you consider the over 500 million YouTube views, each earning a quarter of a cent.
Independent music analyst Gavin Ryan stated that at the time, sharing Gotye's success with the late Luiz Bonfa would have seemed like a “viable option but I guess now, in hindsight, not so much.” The decision would have been made in an attempt to save money for the then-struggling musician, but as his lawyer David Vodicka has revealed to The Age, the songwriter preferred to pay the Bonfa estate a split of the royalties as opposed to paying a fee upfront. Assuming that the APRA royalty, of 8.9 percent, is split evenly between the two and that the track sells for an average price of $1.20, the Bonfa estate would have collected more than $1 million so far,
With Kimbra (who was a fill-in for another female vocalist pulling out at the last minute) also receiving a small percentage of the royalties for the #1, Gotye is just a man who gives and gives, and with the estimated sum of tens of millions of dollars to be earned over the next 50 years, it seems that Gotye will become the most generous artist of his generation.
Instead of diving headfirst into a sequel to Making Mirrors, the Grammy Award winning Melbournian has used his leap into international fame to highlight his genersity in other ways, recently preaching his affection for Australian community radio in an attempt to reverse the cuts in national digital radio budgets.
Sending an open letter to Minister Conroy, about the Federal Budget shortfall of $1.4 million that could see up to 37 digital community radio stations falling silent, Wally De Backer wrote that: “We are fortunate to have one of the most diverse and vibrant community radio landscapes in the world, something that has become clearer to me since travelling… I urge you Minister, rectify this budget shortfall. It will ensure that young musicians starting to develop a unique sound and vision can find an audience.”
Highlighting his musical credibility to stand up for the little guy in Australian music, Gotye adds, “recently my music has enjoyed a great amount of success both locally and internationally, garnering hundreds of millions of views on YouTube, selling 10+ million records worldwide and receiving a number of awards” – he goes on to emphasise that “Australian community radio has been instrumental in my recent international success.”
It's not the first time the internationally recognised musician has thrown his support behind music initiatives at a community level. De Backer also showed his support for live music by contributing to SLAM's cause through their crowdfunding campaign, recording an a cappella cover with Perfect Tripod of The Reels' ‘Quasimodo's Dream' to help raise money for the live music activists.
“People like Gotye may never need to play a small gig again, but he understands how important they are for the development of a vibrant culture,” enthused Helen Marcou of SLAM.
Sidney Crosby built the most lucrative personal brand in hockey by sticking firmly to what he knows best.
He lets his remarkable ability on the ice define him. He is skilled, tough and relentlessly competitive. Off the ice, he is humble and affable. He is consistent and uncontroversial. And he is incredibly private. We know very little about what Crosby thinks about politics or social issues. He works hard to be neutral and non-controversial.
It's a calculated strategy.
So far, “sticking to sport” has been essential to his brand. But because sports and society are connected — despite what some might like to believe — Crosby faces a new and unexpected dilemma in U.S. President Donald Trump.
Now, as the NHL's most important figure, Crosby must answer precisely the kind of question he's always managed to avoid.
The president's call for the release of NFL players who take a knee during the national anthem to protest racial injustice caused widespread backlash across the league this weekend. According to the Chicago Tribune, more than 200 players took a knee or sat on the bench while the anthem was played. Three teams, including the Pittsburgh Steelers, remained in their locker-rooms for the anthem. (Steelers offensive lineman, Alejandro Villanueva, an Army veteran, stood at the mouth of the players' tunnel for the anthem by himself, though he has said that was due to a mistake.)
The president also disinvited the Golden State Warriors from visiting the White House as NBA champions, because the team's star player, Steph Curry, said he wouldn't attend — causing further backlash from NBA stars, like LeBron James and many others.
In the midst of it all, the Pittsburgh Penguins released a statement saying that they would, indeed, be attending the White House in celebration of the team's Stanley Cup victory. That decision — not to mention the timing of the announcement — resulted in an outpouring of both criticism of and support for the Penguins.
When he was asked for his thoughts on visiting the White House by reporters after an exhibition game on Sunday, Crosby faced a polarizing question — whether he realized it or not.
“I support it,” the Penguins captain said. “It's a great honour for us to be invited there.”
Despite Crosby's honest efforts to be inoffensive, there was simply no way around it this time. He was going to offend one side or the other regardless.
And in that moment, Crosby made a statement about what he, his team and, yes, the NHL stand for.
Because in Trump's America, sports and politics are inextricably linked. They've been mashed together like two mounds of Play-Doh in the hands of a toddler. And so Crosby was handed a discoloured pile of highly political mush, courtesy both of the president and of his own team's decision to make an announcement about going to the White House.
This is the kind of discomfort that neither Crosby nor the NHL is used to.
Hockey is the least diverse of the major North American pro sports leagues. It is a sport that is by and large dominated by white people. And it is a sport that, for the most part, only the affluent can afford to play.
The Jeff Blair Show That comfortable separation of politics & sports is getting mightily tested September 26 2017
Your browser does not support the audio element.
For those reasons, the NHL has less connection to the issues that are at the forefront in leagues like the NFL and the NBA. The majority of NHL players don't face the systemic racism that their counterparts do. And so, in all its whiteness, the NHL doesn't carry the social conscience that other leagues do. In fact, it deliberately tries not to.
Commissioner Gary Bettman has expressed his preference that players remain apolitical when representing the league. Meanwhile, Adam Silver, the NBA commissioner, has encouraged the players in the league to use their platforms to express their views.
The NFL, NBA and WNBA all have players who have long used their platform to protest the systemic racism that people of colour face in the United States. Some prominent baseball players, like Adam Jones, have also spoken out against racism. Oakland Athletics catcher Bruce Maxwell also knelt during the anthem on the weekend.
Although hotly debated, these protests have all been peaceful, respectful and eloquently explained by those who take part or support those who do. But the NHL has slipped through the controversy relatively unchallenged. Questions of race are left to black players such as P.K. Subban and Wayne Simmonds.
Still, hockey hasn't been completely devoid of opinion. In recent years, several players in the NHL have shared their views about politics and social issues. Tim Thomas refused to meet with President Barack Obama when the Boston Bruins won the Stanley Cup. Earlier this year, Toronto Maple Leafs forward Nazem Kadri was critical of President Trump's ban on people entering the United States from specific Muslim-majority countries. Mika Zibanejad of the New York Rangers spoke about the difficulty the ban created for his family still living in Iran. This weekend, Winnipeg's Blake Wheeler slammed the president on Twitter for his comments regarding protesting athletes.
As the game's most recognizable face, Crosby is in a unique position amongst his peers. His voice is heard above any other. And his actions carry the most consequence.
We know nothing of — and shouldn't assume anything about — Crosby's politics. But this is about much more than leaning left or right. It is, bluntly, about race. It's about how the NHL views race relations in America and how it intends to use its platform to address that.
Crosby didn't create this situation. But it is his problem now. And whether he visits the White House or not — and whether he makes further comment, or stays silent — Crosby will be making a statement.
We'll know where he stands, and that will become part of his legacy. For Crosby, this time, sticking to sports just isn't an option.
No, Mr. Trump, My Mother is Not Voting for You
Nick Scrimenti Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 12, 2016
“Go home to mom. Go home to mommy. And your mother is voting for Trump! She's voting for Trump! True.” — Donald Trump responding to protesters at a rally in Erie, Pennsylvania
Well, actually, Mr. Trump, my mother would never vote for you.
Mr. Trump's comments full of condescension and misogynistic undertones were directed at a small group of nonviolent protesters during a rally Friday in Erie, Pennsylvania. My young brother was among those protesting. The protests were evoked by Trump's comments on recent media coverage of police in America. He said, “If [police] have five hundred thousand incidents, all positive, beautifully handled [incidents]; one bad thing happens, that one bad thing is on the news for two weeks and it's a disgrace. Ok. It's a disgrace.” At this, my brother, who was not planning to object, was compelled to chant “Black lives matter!” What followed was an accusation that is as wild and miraculous as the rise of Trump himself. The 70 year old Republican presidential nominee claimed that my mother, yes MY mother, would be voting for him in November (Or perhaps that she will be voting for his brand. We're all a little confused as to why he referred to himself in the third person.) Yet, I am writing to make clear that never would my mother, nor any of her four children, vote for Mr. Trump.
Trump began his comments with condescension of the young group of objectors, which is not surprising considering his support among voters age 18–29 is a meager 9%, according to a recent McClatchy-Marist poll. His blatant condescension amplifies his message that young people have no place in the political process; that their anger and calls for peace and justice are deserving of ridicule. His comment to “go home to mom” exposes the insensitivity of a campaign that pokes fun at a significant portion of the electorate that just won't stop whining over issues like the systematic terrorization of black communities by police.
Trump's suppression of the perceived whining of my brother and his fellow protesters is a dangerous response to the cries of youth, the marginalized, and the victims of police brutality in Erie. Not only does it reject free speech and the actual sufferings of victims, but it openly mocks them. It supports a false narrative that if only the marginalized would quit their whining and be a little tougher, their misfortune would end. In Erie, PA especially, young voices, black voices, can no longer be treated like the five year old who dropped his ice cream cone.
Trump will not quell this “whining” in Erie, however, where the local police department is currently under investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice for the violent treatment and arrest of Montrice Bolden, who suffered an orbital and cranial fracture, among other injuries, while being handcuffed, tackled, and beaten by police (you can view the video here). Trump, like 65% of white Americans, believes that the recent killings of black men by police are isolated incidents. By contrast, 81% of black Americans believe the killings to be part of a broader pattern of how police treat African Americans. Couple that with the recent investigation of the Baltimore City Police Department, which found that, indeed, across the board the unfair and violent treatment of African Americans was part of a larger pattern of policing, and the true picture of police relations in America becomes clearer. Of course, there are beautiful incidents of police intervention, but to say that it is a disgrace to focus on “isolated incidents” of brutality in front of a community still raw from the footage of the beating of a black man at the hands of police is, in a word, disgraceful.
As my brother and others were being escorted out of Erie Insurance Arena, onlookers shouted “White lives matter! All lives matter! You're not black!” This, too, is to be expected in a country where 57% of white Americans say that discrimination against whites has become as big a problem today as discrimination against blacks and other minorities, according to a recent PRRI/Brookings Institution report. It is my hope that these white Americans vainly calling for rhetorical equality are simply a vocal minority in Erie, where it is the footage of black men, not white men, that fills the daily news.
It is comments like these by Mr. Trump, justified by a rejection of political correctness, which explains why literally 0% of black people in Pennsylvania support him. It is also why my mother, as a racially conscious Erie resident, would never support a candidate who justifies patterns of misogyny and police violence. It is my white mother who instilled in her white children the values of inclusion, nonviolence, peace, justice, solidarity, and the courage to speak out when powerful members of the world community irreverently wreak havoc on the powerless.
Mr. Trump, you owe the people of Erie an apology. Mr. Trump, you owe my mother an apology.
Authored by Nicholas J. Scrimenti, student at Georgetown University, and Joseph P. Scrimenti, resident of Erie, Pennsylvania
A bloody ambush robbery of a Life Time Fitness member in an Eden Prairie locker room left the man badly beaten, and one of his two assailants unleashed a similar attack on a resident in a randomly chosen home in the city about an hour later, according to charges filed Tuesday.
Arrested and charged in the Sunday attack at Life Time Fitness were Dalal B. Idd, 18, of Eden Prairie, and Kamal E. Maqadin, 26, of Shakopee. Both remain jailed pending appearances Wednesday in Hennepin County District Court.
The fitness center victim was punched repeatedly Sunday afternoon by Idd and left "barely conscious" on the floor of the downstairs locker room with cuts to his face, a broken nose and eyes that were swollen shut, the complaint said.
Idd and Maqadin admitted to police that they carried out the attack, the complaint added. Club officials are piecing together how the intruders swiftly got deep inside the members-only club.
Idd also assaulted a deputy after his arrest and "is a suspect in other assault cases," the complaint said. Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Jennifer Johnson had no information on the officer's condition.
According to the complaint and police reports regarding the first attack:
Maqadin
About 5:50 p.m., a man in the locker room at the Life Time Fitness on Baker Road was approached by Idd and Maqadin, whom he did not know. Idd punched the man five or six times before robbing him and fleeing in a minivan, the complaint said.
When the victim met with police, his face was bloody and he was unable to speak.
'Bound and determined'
Life Time spokesman Jason Thunstrom said Tuesday that his company and police are reviewing video surveillance footage from the door to the locker room as well as from the staffed check-in area to see how the men got into the members area.
Entry for club members, guests and potential new members is allowed only at the check-in desk. The employee at the check-in area "attempted to have these people wait, and they did not," Thunstrom said. The staffer followed security procedures and notified the rest of the staff in an effort "to find these individuals and notify authorities," the spokesman added.
But the two "clearly did not" waste any time carrying out the attack, Thunstrom said. "They were bound and determined to commit such an act."
While there are thefts from time to time in locker rooms at Life Time Fitness locations, Thunstrom said that incidents as violent as Sunday's are unheard of for the 20-year-old Chanhassen-based company, which has 108 facilities in 23 states and one in Canada.
According to the complaint in the home invasion, Idd told police he chose the home in the 8000 block of Grier Lane for his second assault for no particular reason. The victim's wife said she heard the door open to the attached garage, followed by sounds of her husband being beaten. Idd then started walking toward her and her two children, it added, but her screams sent him running.
As the woman checked on her bloodied husband and went to call 911, she again heard the garage door and the same "smacking" sounds she'd heard when her husband was first assaulted. She saw the suspect, and her screams this time sent him fleeing for good.
No memory of home attack
The man suffered many facial fractures, including to his cheek and jaw. He had no memory of the attack.
Police, acting on information from witnesses, arrested both men at the Prairie Meadows Apartments on Westwind Drive, a few blocks east of the second crime scene.
Idd told investigators that he attacked the fitness center member and took his wallet and cellphone. The victim's wallet was in Idd's pants pocket. Maqadin admitted being with Idd during the assault and taking the victim's wallet from his accomplice as they fled the locker room.
Idd was charged with first-degree aggravated robbery and third-degree assault in the Life Time Fitness case and with several first-degree assault counts in the second case. Maqadin was charged with robbery in the Life Time Fitness case.
Both victims are hospitalized at Hennepin County Medical Center in Minneapolis.
The sheikhs who claimed it was forbidden for Muslims to live under the shadow of infidel European Christianity now have to watch as Muslims grovel at Europe's feet and beg the infidel Christians for a safe haven and shelter from... other Muslims.
Every Arab regime has, at one time or another, used the Israeli-Palestinian conflict as an excuse to oppress its people. Our fellow Muslims have been happy to use us as a pretext: We are waging war because of the Palestinians. We refuse to fight because of the Palestinians. We cannot do what you want because of the Palestinians. At no time did they ever seriously seek to resolve the conflict -- nor did they ever want to.
If the Americans and Europeans continue meddling, the stable but still fragile Palestinian social fabric in the West Bank will tear, and at the first sign of weakness, Hamas and ISIS will rush in -- as they have long been planning -- to take over.
According to Islamic sources, one of the signs of yawm al-qiyamah (Judgment Day) and redemption is the appearance of the False Messiah, masih dajjal, sent by Satan in the guise of the True Messiah. He is charismatic and powerful, his skin is the color of bronze, his hair is curly and his eyes flash fire. He pretends to do good deeds, drawing people to him and making them blindly follow him.
According to the tradition, the False Messiah sows disaster around the world, marking the stage before redemption. The Qur'an says, "You may love something that is bad for you and hate something that is good for you," a convenient way of cajoling people into doing things they might find distasteful, such as blowing themselves up.
When U.S. President Barack Obama began his presidency and bowed down before the Islamists at Al-Azhar University in Cairo, we thought he would bring redemption to the Arab world. But his meddling in the Middle East has led to the final dissolution of most of the Arab states. The United States has muscled through a "nuclear deal" that the Iranians will not sign. How could one even expect Iran to sign anything with a country they call "the Great Satan?" Would you?
U.S. President Barack Obama speaks at Al-Azhar University in Cairo, on June 4, 2009. (Image source: White House)
As an additional advantage, since Iran has not actually signed anything, they cannot be accused of cheating -- not that it would matter to them if they were, given their track record of breaking the Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT). The expected infusion of astronomical amounts cash will enable Iran to complete its nuclear weapons program and intercontinental ballistic missiles along with it; arm Hezbollah even more; spread greater terror and further the Shi'ite takeover of the Sunni regions.
The delusions of the Carter administration resulted in the overthrow of Iran's Shah. This experience should have taught the Americans not to allow the overthrow of Egypt's President Hosni Mubarak. The man was undone by Obama's comic-book fantasies and unworkable, starry-eyed demands. The rise and survival of Egypt's current President, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi -- despite the attempt of the U.S. administration to reinstate Mohamed Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood's regime -- is only due to the will of Allah.
By withdrawing prematurely from a stable, if imperfect, Iraq, Obama caused much chaos in the Middle East. His wishful thinking and rambling concepts -- from America's great followership to resolving conflicts by surrendering -- have stripped America of all deterrence and sucked the Middle East into an ocean of blood. His adolescent worldview, idealizing Islam, is nothing more than nostalgia for the days of his youth. His daydream of a peace-seeking "political Islam," divorced from violence, has brought the Middle East devastation, wretchedness and death.
As Palestinians, our reactions are sorrow and frustration. We have to tell the truth and say that nothing is left of our dreams that the Arab armies would conquer Israel. Those of us who once thought that Islamist terrorist organizations would save us have now realized that this is not going to happen.
The Arab leaders who used to blame the miseries of our people on Jews and Zionists are now left with nothing but their empty words. Their hearts are full of envy, hatred and frustration as they look at the blossoming of Israel, the land Allah promised the Jews in the Qur'an, a flower in a burning field of weeds.
The Muslim clerics who claimed it was forbidden for Muslims to live under the shadow of infidel European Christianity sent our young people to blow themselves up to kill Jews and Christians, to frighten and conquer Europe. They now have to watch as Muslims grovel at Europe's feet and beg the infidel Christians for a safe haven and shelter from... other Muslims.
The leaders of the wealthy Arab states are apathetic and have no solution, or even advice, for the millions of Syrian Muslim refugees who have lost their homes and families; yet the European "Crusaders" have opened their gates to thousands of desperate Muslims who reach their shores. There will always be Muslim sheikhs who will claim that the wave of Muslims seeking salvation in Europe will eventually join those mujahidin [jihad warriors] who for years have been organizing in the European ghettos.
The prophecies of the Qur'an are coming to pass: the Noble Qur'an prophecies that the Jews will return to Beit Almakdis (Jerusalem) and the land around it from the four corners of the world to live there, and it gives the Jews the Blessed Land and Jerusalem.
The Iranians promised us they would liberate Al-Aqsa Mosque, but all they really want is to lull us into a false sense of security, then take over the Arabian Peninsula. They have infiltrated and subverted Yemen and Bahrain, and taken control of the Straits of Bab al Mandeb, Hormuz and countries between Tehran, Baghdad, Damascus and Beirut.
While the Arabs are weak and divided -- thanks to America's policy of divide and conquer -- the Iranians keep on getting stronger. In light of the catastrophe Obama has caused the Arab world -- with millions of refugees flooding the Middle East and invading Europe from Africa and the Arab countries -- the dream of returning to Palestine has vanished.
It has long been obvious that there is no connection whatsoever between the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the chaos in the Middle East. Every Arab regime has, at one time or another, used the conflict as an excuse to oppress its people by telling them they were fighting a common enemy. We have been betrayed by them as much as by the Europeans.
Our fellow Muslims have been happy to use us as a pretext, to have something to point at and complain about: We are waging war; it is because of the Palestinians. We refuse to fight; it is because of the Palestinians. We cannot do what you want; it is because of the Palestinians. At no time did they ever seriously seek to resolve the conflict, nor did they ever want to.
The great benefit we have is that the Israelis no longer rule us. We now have an autonomy. If the Americans and Europeans continue meddling and pressuring one side or the other in our conflict with the Israelis, eventually the stable but still fragile Palestinian social fabric in the West Bank will tear, and at the first sign of weakness Hamas and ISIS will rush in -- as they have long been planning -- to take over.
All we can do is comfort ourselves with the thought that given all the signs, the redemption of the world is coming and the Mahdi everyone is waiting for will soon be here.
A gravel truck operator says he is shaken after a Winnipeg police officer's pickup truck veered into oncoming traffic and hit his truck.
"I swerved but it was too late, he was already there … He came straight on," said Robert Morgan, who was travelling westbound on Garven Road, south of Birds Hill Provincial Park, when Const. Trent Milan's vehicle hit the truck.
"There wasn't much I could do to stop it. I can't really blame myself because I didn't do anything. I tried to get out of the way the best I could."
Const. Milan was pronounced dead on the scene.
Morgan is suffering from significant physical pain and was unable to sleep Monday night. He suffered minor injuries in the crash earlier Monday morning that included bruised ribs, a sore elbow and scrapes on his legs and head from branches.
He had steered into the bush, trying to avoid Milan's truck.
Emergency crews at the two-vehicle crash on Garven Road around on Monday that killed Winnipeg Police Service Const. Trent Milan. (Jaison Empson/CBC)
When the vehicles collided, Morgan said Milan's truck hit the front of his cab and then flipped.
"He hit my fuel tank, the fuel started on fire right away," he said.
Morgan had just filled up his tank with fuel and was carrying 500 litres of fuel.
"I jumped right away out of the truck because I was worried."
Within minutes of Morgan escaping the cab, both vehicles were engulfed in flames. A fellow truck driver stopped at the scene with a couple of fire extinguishers.
"We tried to put out his vehicle because his vehicle was burning too … but it was too late already for him to get out," said Morgan.
Truck driver doing 'ok'
While wiping away tears, Morgan said he is doing OK. He plans to take the next week or two off work. He's spending the extra time with his wife and two sons, and is relieved one of his boys wasn't in the truck with him. He almost brought him to work on Monday.
"It's good. Glad to get home yesterday that's for sure," he said. "They know what's going on a little bit, but they're young."
He said he feels lucky to be alive, and his thoughts are with the family of the man who isn't.
"I don't think I'm very traumatized other than seeing the truck coming at me ... I didn't see him at all. He was just there. All I basically remember is the impact and me going through bush."
Police Const. Milan was a 18-year veteran of the force and used to work with the street crimes unit.
On Sept. 16, police announced he was arrested and faced 34 charges including breach of trust, drug trafficking and multiple weapons offences.
Morgan said he had never heard of Milan before and only learned about his past through a news report Monday night.
"He's still human. He has a family that will miss him."
Photo
Phys Ed Gretchen Reynolds on the science of fitness.
Almost any amount and type of physical activity may slow aging deep within our cells, a new study finds. And middle age may be a critical time to get the process rolling, at least by one common measure of cell aging.
Dating a cell's age is tricky, because its biological and chronological ages rarely match. A cell could be relatively young in terms of how long it has existed but function slowly or erratically, as if elderly.
Today, many scientists have begun determining a cell's biological age — meaning how well it functions and not how old it literally is — by measuring the length of its telomeres.
For those of us who don't know every portion of our cells' interiors, telomeres are tiny caps found on the end of DNA strands, like plastic aglets on shoelaces. They are believed to protect the DNA from damage during cell division and replication.
As a cell ages, its telomeres naturally shorten and fray. But the process can be accelerated by obesity, smoking, insomnia, diabetes and other aspects of health and lifestyle.
In those cases, the affected cells age prematurely.
However, recent science suggests that exercise may slow the fraying of telomeres. Past studies have found, for instance, that master athletes typically have longer telomeres than sedentary people of the same age, as do older women who frequently walk or engage in other fairly moderate exercise.
But those studies were relatively narrow, focusing mostly on elderly people who ran or walked. It remained unclear whether people of different ages who engaged in a variety of exercises would likewise show effects on their telomeres.
So for the new study, which was published this month in Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise, researchers from the University of Mississippi and University of California, San Francisco, decided to look more broadly at the interactions of exercise and telomeres among a wide swath of Americans.
To do so, they turned to the immense trove of data generated by the ongoing National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, for which tens of thousands of adults answer questions annually about their health, including their exercise habits, and complete an in-person health exam, providing a blood sample.
In recent years, those blood samples have been tested for, among other markers of health, telomere length in the participants' white blood cells.
The researchers gathered the data for about 6,500 of the participants, ranging in age from 20 to 84, and then categorized them into four groups, based on how they had responded to questions about exercise.
Those questions in this survey tended to be broad, asking people only if, at any time during the past month, they had engaged in weight training, moderate exercise like walking, more vigorous exercise like running, or have walked or ridden a bike to work or school.
If a participant answered yes to any of those four questions, he or she earned a point from the researchers. So, someone who reported walking received a point. If he also ran, he earned another, and so on, for a maximum of four points.
The researchers then compared those tallies to each person's telomere length.
And there were clear associations. For every point someone gained from any type of exercise, his or her risks of having unusually short telomeres declined significantly.
Specifically, someone who participated in a single activity, earning them a 1, was about 3 percent less likely to have very short telomeres than someone who didn't exercise at all.
That risk declined more substantially if someone exercised more. People who reported two types of exercise were 24 percent less likely to have short telomeres; three types of exercise were 29 percent less likely; and those who had participated in all four types of activities were 59 percent less likely to have very short telomeres.
Interestingly, these associations were strongest among people between the ages of 40 and 65, the researchers found, suggesting that middle age may be a key time to begin or maintain an exercise program if you wish to keep telomeres from shrinking, says Paul Loprinzi, an assistant professor of health and exercise science at the University of Mississippi. He was a co-author of the study with Jeremy Loenneke, also of the University of Mississippi, and Elizabeth Blackburn, a professor at the University of California, San Francisco, who shared a Nobel Prize in 2009 for the discovery of the molecular nature of telomeres.
However, as Dr. Loprinzi points out, this study is purely associational, so cannot show whether exercise actually causes changes in telomere length, only that people who exercise have longer telomeres.
The study also couldn't tease out the ideal amount of exercise for telomere maintenance, Dr. Loprinzi say, because the survey asked only whether someone exercised at all, not how frequently.
Perhaps most important, the results don't tell us whether longer telomeres translate into better health. But, Dr. Loprinzi says, other studies, including from his lab, “have shown that telomeres are predictive of mortality,” with shorter telomeres equating to shorter lives.
So the message seems clear, he says. “Exercise is good” for your cells, and “more exercise in greater variety” is likely to be even better.
Related:
For more fitness, food and wellness news, follow us on Facebook and Twitter, or sign up for our newsletter.
The political right wing has never been far from the Bible, at least in rhetoric. However, recently there has been an increasing push to further inject their version of Christianity into the governance of the nation.
Besides recent anti-abortion laws and efforts to bar LGBT rights, prominent politicians, including Rick Perry and Michele Bachmann, have forged ties with controversial fundamentalist Christian groups. Perhaps the most eyebrow-raising group to have worked its way into the political arena is the New Apostolic Reformation which demands nothing less than world rule by fundamentalist Christians.
Many in the conservative right push the notion that the United States was founded as a “Christian nation,” ignoring evidence to the contrary found in the First Amendment, the Treaty of Tripoli, and the works of Thomas Jefferson.
This line of thought has been used to justify discriminating against LGBT citizens and women, among others.
To better understand this theocratic push, one must understand the term dominionism. This concept proclaims that Christians have a divine duty to rule and to rule according to Biblical principles. It is derived from a sect called Christian Reconstructionism which advocates replacing American law with laws supposedly straight from the Bible (executing homosexuals, stoning adulterers, among others). The dominionism movement, which has drawn support from a range of extremist sects, appears to be just as political as it is theological.
One prominent political figure who seems to be caught up in the dominionism movement is the latest Republican presidential candidate, Texas Gov. Rick Perry. Let's look at how Perry's views on this have affected his governance of Texas.
Perhaps the easiest to see is Perry's puritanical and obsessive push for abstinence-only education, now mandated in 94 percent of Texas school districts. Despite the results to the contrary, Perry insists, “It works.” The curriculum for these programs in public schools includes Bible verses, religious instruction, and factually incorrect information about contraceptives. The results: Texas has the third highest teen birth rate, and the third highest teen HIV-infection rate.
Then there is Perry's opposition to repeal of Texas's now-unconstitutional criminalization of sodomy. In fact, the 2010 Texas GOP platform Perry ran on explicitly calls for the criminalization of gay sex.
Perry's August 6 “The Response” event at Houston's Reliant Stadium was perhaps the most telling example of how much his extreme brand of Christianity factors into his politics. Promoting this fundamentalist-Christian event with a gubernatorial decree, Perry pushed the bounds of the separation of church and state.
This event was intended to “call upon Jesus” to help combat our “financial debt, terrorism, and a multitude of natural disasters” as well as, of course, the increasing acceptance of homosexuality. Among the participants in this prayathon were the American Family Association – a Southern Poverty Law Center-designated hate group that compares gays to Nazis and wants to recriminalize homosexuality, and the International House of Prayer, a group known for pushing Uganda's “kill the gays” bill. Also participating were various pastors with bizarre religious beliefs including one that tied Japan's economic downfall to imperial demon sex, one who claimed that Oprah Winfrey was the precursor to the Anti-Christ, and another who claimed that the Statue of Liberty is a demonic idol.
These pastors all belong to the New Apostolic Reformation, which subscribes wholeheartedly to the ideology of dominionism. Many of them view Rick Perry as their ticket into power. The pastors in this movement often style themselves as prophets or apostles with a direct line to God.
Back in 2009, a pair of “prophets” from this group, Tom Schlueter and Bob Long, visited Rick Perry in Texas. According to “prophesies,” they said, Texas was the “Prophet State” that will lead the United States to a Christian theocracy, and Gov. Perry was a big part of the plan. Apparently, Perry has bought into their “prophesy,” as his “Response” event was stacked with NAR members.
Perhaps this explains one of Perry's comments on Fox News. Speaking to Neil Cavuto in June about his low poll numbers in Texas, Perry remarked, “A prophet is generally not liked in his hometown.”
There are several theocracies currently in existence around the world. These include Iran and Saudi Arabia. These countries enforce archaic, often barbaric, versions of religious or pseudo-religious regulations as law.
Now imagine an America ruled actively as a theocratic nation. Gays and lesbians, at least 20 million people in America, would be put to death or at least imprisoned. Abortion would be outlawed even if the mother's life were at risk. Religious freedom would be thrown out the window. The state would censor media to enforce someone's interpretation of Christian-consistent content. The teaching of evolution and the study of evolutionary biology would be banned as blasphemy. Books ranging from “Catcher in the Rye” to “Harry Potter” could be banned nationwide.
Is this a nation that we as Americans want to become? If not, perhaps we ought to watch more closely who we vote for.
Photo: Gage Skidmore // CC 2.0
By youniverse on Saturday, 01 March 2014, hits: 15264
Dr. Rick Strassman is widely known for his pioneering study on the effects of DMT on human volunteers, chronicled in his book, DMT: The Spirit Molecule, that played a key role in jump starting psychedelic drug research after a 20 year hiatus. In addition to later co-authoring Inner Paths to Outer Space in 2008, he has finished a new book, DMT and the Soul of Prophecy, and released this sneak peak of the first chapter.
The DMT-Nexus plans to interview Dr. Strassman for a future issue of The Nexian e-zine, but in the meantime, take a gander at what his upcoming book DMT and the Soul of Prophecy holds in store:
Chapter 1. Setting the Stage
The Hebrew Bible prophet and the DMT volunteer
In mid-6th century BCE Babylonia,* the Hebrew prophet Ezekiel experiences a vision that came upon him while he stood by the river's shore. Ezekiel was among the exiles from Judea, the southern Kingdom of ancient Israel. They were in the early stages of a 70-year sojourn in their conquerors' homeland after the latter destroyed Solomon's Temple and the rest of Jerusalem in 586 BCE. We know nothing about Ezekiel before his prophetic mission, which he carried out with relentless passion, both raging against his people for their role in Jerusalem's downfall and offering hope for a future redemption. The Book of Ezekiel begins with his first vision:
*[Present-day Iraq.]
A stormy wind was coming from the north, a great cloud with flashing fire and a brilliance surrounding it;… and from its midst, a semblance of four living things…. They did not turn as they moved, each went in the direction of its face…. And as for the appearance of the living things, their appearance was like fiery coals, burning like the appearance of torches…. There was a brilliance to the fire, and from the fire went forth lightning…. Then I heard the sound of their wings like the sound of great waters…the sound of the words like the sound of a company…. I fell upon my face and I heard a voice speaking…. “Son of man, stand on your feet and I will speak to you.” ....
Read the rest...
Today Lenovo brings thin and Sandy Bridge to your desks and your laps. Leaked last month, the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 will make a strong case for itself to corporate road warriors while also packing some features that might appeal to consumers. Lenovo also has the newly revealed ThinkCentre Edge 91z, which introduces the Edge aesthetic to the ThinkCentre all-in-one (AIO) line. The ThinkCentre's space-saving form factor and mix of desktop and mobile components should appeal to the IT at home users, and makes a nice addition to your desk. As review units roll in we will see just how well these measure up against their competition.
We'll start with a look at the Lenovo ThinkPad X1, which we saw leaks of recently. Leaks or no leaks, this ultraportable notebook turns out to pack some suprises in its svelte frame. Measuring 16.5mm at its thinnest (the front edge) and 21.5mm at its thickest (the back edge) the X1 will not compete for thinnest laptop on the market, but it may just be the thinnest with a full voltage Sandy Bridge mobile processor. The 13.3" screen is optimized for travelers with a pane of Corning's Gorilla Glass covering its TN-panel (we confirmed this with Lenovo Product Manager Jason Parrish) and peaking at a reported 350 nits at a resolution of 1366x768. We'll reserve judgment on the panel till we get our hands on it; truth is, in a market bereft of IPS displays, even a 768p TN-panel can land near the top of our display charts. In a move that many of you have been asking for on Apple's MacBook Pro line, Lenovo provides both mini-DisplayPort and HDMI for connectivity along with Intel's Wireless Display technology.
The X1 adopts the chiclet keyboard we first saw in the ThinkPad Edge 13; while the previous ThinkPad keyboards have been lauded since before the line was acquired by Lenovo from IBM, it's refreshing to see that Lenovo has been able to drasticaly altered its keyboards form factor without diminishing its effectiveness. We are excited to note also that Lenovo has brought a backlight to the keyboard while keeping it spill resistant. Carried over from the rest of the line is the Trackpoint "nubbin" with mouse buttons featured just below the space bar, and just above an otherwise buttonless trackpad.
Though not a unibody design, the laptop is built around an interior roll cage with a magnesium body, contributing to a rigidity that meets a variety of military specifications. The layer of Gorilla Glass contributes to the device's overal rigidity, particularly to the display portion--an area where ultraportables have often been a bit flimsy. Enclosed within this rigid frame is the battery technology that makes it possible to power a standard voltage i5 without obliterating battery life. The new lithium-ion chemistry Lenovo is using provides higher power density, faster charging, and excellent durability. Lenovo is quoting 80% charge in just 30 minutes and 5.5 hours of life on a full charge. For all-day on-the-go computing, Lenovo will provide an external slice battery that doubles battery life to over 10 hours.
When it goes on sale today the X1 will pack an i5-2520m processor (dual-core 2.5 GHz, 3MB L3) and up to 8GB of DDR3. We'll have to confirm this, but based on materials provided it appears RAM will appear in a single DIMM slot, so the 8GB configuration will likely carry a hefty premium; how this affects performance will also be interesting to see. Before the end of summer we will be seeing i7 quad-core CPUs inside the X1's chassis, easily making it the thinnest quad-core computer we've encountered.
When we first laid hands on Lenovo's Edge 13, we weren't wowed by the aesthetic; hopefully the design will grow on us, as Lenovo intends to bring the Edge aesthetic to more than just a subnotebook. This begins with the ThinkCentre Edge 91z. Slotting in between the entry-level ThinkCentre A-series and the workstation-class M-series AIOs, the 91z brings a curious blend of desktop and mobile components to provide a midrange specification. From the press pictures provided, it seems the key characteristics brought over from the Edge 13 are the large screen bezel and matte black finish to everything aside from the screen. And that screen? It's a 21.5" 1920x1200 LED backlit TN-panel. We will once again reserve judgment on the screen quality till we get our hands on it, but it will be hard to compete with a certain IPS packing AIO that also comes in a 21.5" size.
Quad-core processors will be a fixture on these models with the options list peaking at the i7-2600S (2.8GHz, 8MB L3, 3.8GHz Max Turbo). Dual-core i3 options will start at $699; the pricing of the quad-core models could play a key role in their competitiveness. The VESA mountable chassis is designed to provide some user serviceabilty, so we expect to be able to access the RAM and hard drive without much difficulty.
An optional 80GB mSATA SSD is available, though we were not able to confirm the source of the drive. Lenovo is optimizing its boot times and hopes to hit a sub-10 second target when paired with the SSD. Graphics are driven by either Intel's integrated HD Graphics 3000, or the optional AMD Radeon HD 6650A, a desktop Turks variant sporting 1GB of DDR3. HDMI out is provided for external monitor support along with a treat for those worried about what happens when you want to upgrade from an AIO: video in is provided in the form of a VGA input, giving the 91z an afterlife when the pace of technology leaves the processor and graphics behind. (Some form of digital input would have been preferrable, but at least it's something.)
Contrary to its name, the ThinkCentre Edge 91z is not quite on the bleeding edge of computer technology. So what makes this more than just a product reveal? Lenovo will bring several Edge-branded devices to the ThinkCentre line. Small-form factor and mini-tower computers will be released carrying the Edge design language, most likely targeting the enterprise space. The 91z will be joined by other all-in-one devices, though they previously mentioned A- and M-series computers will maintain their own style. Lenovo sees 21.5" as the sweet spot for AIOs, but we can expect up to a 23" device to join the line at some point, and Lenovo is actively working on bringing touch to its Edge AIOs. HP has had some success with its TouchSmart line using a touch friendly skin, with its focus traditionally on enterprise clients it will be interesting to see what Lenovo does to make touch a more welcome feature in a desktop computer.
The Best of 2015 on Rob Has a Podcast
Rob Cesternino brings you some of the most requested clips from Rob Has a Podcast in 2015. To hear the full episodes of the clips in this podcast click the links below:
4:30 – Natalie Anderson talks about Baylor & Missy's birthday party contest from “Natalie Anderson Explains How She Won Survivor San Juan Del Sur”
11:10 – Rob and Amy H. parody SERIAL for the Road to the Podcast Awards Series from “Road to the Podcast Awards Bonus | The Undecided Voter”
19:00 – Mike Bloom raps from “Sophie Clarke Recaps Worlds Apart Episode 8”
23:00 – Rob has fun with Dan Foley's inspirational comments on the voicemails with David Bloomberg from “Sandra Diaz Twine Recaps Worlds Apart Episode 11”
27:25 – Debb Eaton urges Jeff Varner not to kill any octopi if he returns to Survivor in “Survivor: Second Chances | Jeff Varner Interview”
30:30 – Keith Nale discusses living in Keithville in “Survivor: Second Chances | Keith Nale Interview”
32:25 – Brian Heidik quotes Biggie Smalls to Rob in “Catching Up with Brain Heidik”
34:24 – Shane Powers discusses what draws him to want to play Survivor again in “The Survivor Funeral of Shane Powers”
42:45 – Rodney Lavoie does Dirty 30 impression to review The Entourage Movie in “Catching Up with S30's Rodney Lavoie”
47:04 – Rob says Johnny Mac and Steve are losers after the Big Brother 17 Double Eviction in “Big Brother 17 Episode 32 Recap with Ian Terry”
53:15 – Randy Bailey hangs up on Rob after he didn't like the parody songs Rob played in “Randy Bailey Recaps Cambodia Episode 4″
59:25 – Boston Rob on the psychology of Survivor from “Boston Rob Mariano Recaps Survivor Cambodia Episode 13”
1:03:50 – Mike Bloom discusses the prospects of the 5-piece puzzle returning for a 3rd chance in “Survivor Cambodia Episode 13 Voicemail with Mike Bloom”
If you're new to Rob Has a Podcast… Listen to our Previous RHAPPY HOLIDAYS shows in the archives.
Once again, Rob Cesternino brings you the timeless holiday classic “RHAPPY HOLIDAYS” talking with a number of guests to bring you good tidings and cheer.
RHAPPY HOLIDAYS 2012
RHAPPY HOLIDAYS 2013
RHAPPY HOLIDAYS 2014
RHAPPY HOLIDAYS 2015
The Columbus Blue Jackets right wing finished with a game-high seven shots on goal and 17 shot attempts, and his line with Artemi Panarin and rookie center Pierre-Luc Dubois pressured the Capitals for long stretches, but couldn't produce the tying goal in a 4-3 loss .
WASHINGTON -- The only thing Josh Anderson didn't do against the Washington Capitals on Saturday was score.
They came close, though. Anderson fed Dubois for a shot from the right circle that went off Capitals goaltender Braden Holtby's right side and dropped on the ice behind him before stopping short of the goal line. Panarin raised his stick thinking the puck was going into the net, and Capitals center Jay Beagle cleared it away to safety with 1:48 remaining in the game, ending the Blue Jackets' best chance to complete their comeback from trailing 4-2 in the third period.
It also ended Anderson's five-game point streak (3-4-7), but Panarin scored and Dubois had two assists in the defeat.
"We're jelling together really well," Anderson said. "We're finding each other and we're creating scoring chances. So every time we get put on the ice, we want to be an effective line and we get more ice time out of it."
Video: ANA@CBJ: Anderson puts Blue Jackets ahead late
Anderson, 23, is enjoying a breakout season in helping the Blue Jackets lead the Metropolitan Division at 17-9-1 with 35 points, one more than the second-place New Jersey Devils, who visit Columbus for the first game of a home-and-home series on Tuesday (7 p.m. ET; FS-O, MSG+, NHL.TV).
Anderson leads the Blue Jackets with 10 goals in 25 games, and his 17 points are second behind Panarin's 20 (seven goals, 13 assists). He also leads Columbus with three game-winning goals, including two in overtime.
The 6-foot-3, 221-pound Burlington, Ontario native even fought 6-foot-9, 250-pound Boston Bruins defenseman Zdeno Chara, holding his own in a second period bout on Oct. 30.
"He's one of the guys on our team that's brought it every single night," Blue Jackets defenseman Zach Werenski said. "He's having a huge year for us, so moving forward [people] are going to start to know who he is a lot more. And I don't expect him to slow down at all either."
Blue Jackets coach John Tortorella is pleased with the growth in Anderson, a fourth-round pick (No. 95) in the 2012 NHL Draft, over the past two seasons. After getting a taste of the League with the Blue Jackets in 2014-15 (one assist in six games) and 2015-16 (goal, three assists in 12 games), Anderson had 29 points (17 goals, 12 assists) in 78 games last season.
He's on pace to finish with 32 goals and 54 points this season. Rewarding his strong play, Tortorella has increased Anderson's ice time from 12:01 per game last season to 17:14 per game this season.
"He has demanded more ice time just by his play this year," Tortorella said. "I think he's just matured. The mental part of the game, I just think he feels he's a better player and isn't just playing the game to try to stay in the lineup. He's playing the game to make a difference and he's certainly done that from the get-go this year. A very important player for us right now."
Video: CAR@CBJ: Anderson pots Dubois' slick one-handed feed
Tortorella wasn't sure what to expect from Anderson after he missed training camp because of a contract dispute. After Anderson signed a three-year contract reportedly worth $5.55 million (average annual value of $1.85 million) on Oct. 3, he sat out the first two games before making his season debut at the Carolina Hurricanes on Oct. 10.
But the lack of a training camp and preseason games hasn't appeared to hurt his play.
"I had a really good summer," Anderson said. "I worked really hard and I knew that I had to get off to a good start. It was really important to be here with my teammates. But when every line is playing well and your team is playing well, it helps your confidence for sure."
Anderson concentrated in the offseason on improving his skill, working on his stickhandling and on his shot, and it's shown in his play. Tortorella said, "I still don't agree with him missing camp," but admitted he's impressed by how well Anderson has played.
"From a coach's point of view, as coaches think, imagine if he had a camp. Maybe there's another level," Tortorella said. "There is another level. I think he's going to get there. Maybe he gets there quicker if he was in camp. But he's handled himself well."
It was clear the Blue Jackets had big plans for Anderson this season after general manager Jarmo Kekalainen maneuvered to ensure he would not be selected by the Vegas Golden Knights in the 2017 NHL Expansion Draft.
The Blue Jackets did not have room to fit Anderson or 23-year-old backup goaltender Joonas Korpisalo among the 11 players they protected, (seven forwards, three defensemen, one goaltender). So they traded the contract of injured forward David Clarkson, a first-round pick (No. 24) in the 2017 NHL Draft and a second-round pick in 2019 for Vegas agreeing to take center William Karlsson.
"I was really excited when they made that happen," Anderson said. "You start out your career in Columbus, you want to stay here as long as you can."
Now, he's showing the Blue Jackets were wise to go to such lengths to keep him.
"I always knew the type of player that I can be and I am," Anderson said. "I just wanted to come into this year and prove that I am a good player in this league, and they know that. I just want to continue to do good things."
As e-sports boom globally, Lee Jae-dong reveals what it takes to be a champion in S Korea where gamers are celebrities.
Editor's note: this film is no longer available for online viewing.
Enjoying rock star status with hordes of adoring fans, professional gamers are national celebrities in South Korea.
Attracting millions of spectators and selling out stadiums, Seoul, the South Korean capital, is the Mecca for gamers and the home of the StarCraft pro-gaming tournament.
As top players earn huge sums of money in sponsored teams, being a StarCraft player is not only a wise career move, it is also the path to respect in a highly competitive society.
In State of Play, we follow the champion pro-gamer Lee Jae-dong as he copes with the pressure of staying on top of his game and pressure from his family not to lose sight of their traditions and culture.
FILMMAKER'S VIEW
By Steven Dhoedt
State of Play is, on the surface, a film about competitive sports. But this time the sport in question is rather unusual. StarCraft is a video game, something people, especially in the West, don't usually consider a professional sport.
In South Korea, Seoul serves as the epicentre of the StarCraft Pro League. Players of StarCraft do not excel through extraordinary physical or athletic performance, but possess unbelievable levels of concentration and ultra-fast reflexes. Their playing speed is measured in APMs - the number of "actions per minute" a player can execute with their keyboard and mouse.
Like most athletes, these players are very young when they start their professional career. Most quit school at 15 and embark on an extremely strict training schedule. Parallels can be easily drawn with the lifestyle of professional gymnasts or figure skaters.
My urge to tell this story was triggered by South Korea's unique culture.
The micro-world of the StarCraft Pro League is like a mirror of South Korean society - a society so competitive that it almost seems logical that a simple video game would result in a professional competitive sport. South Korea is a country that aims high. It's a country in full development that wants to prove itself on all levels - technologically, economically and politically.
State of Play opens a window on South Korean society and the rather unknown subculture of e-sports. However, this film is really about the contradiction between work and play. Can a game still be a game when it becomes work?
Johan Huizinga pointed it out in his book, Homo Ludens, that man is - in the first place - a creature of play. Play is important in shaping a culture. Play and spontaneity are of crucial importance in the development of a child.
"All work and no play make Jack a dull boy."
Globally, hundreds of thousands of young players are seriously contemplating a professional career as a gamer. Annually, millions of viewers attend the leagues or follow the tournaments online. As competitive gaming is gaining momentum all over the world, it is time to show the true face of e-sports. This is not a world of gaming addicts or social outcasts. Neither is it a world in which everyone achieves their dream and lives happily ever after.
My aim is to show that e-sports, even if they are still in their embryonic phase, represent a respectable spectator sport, bringing joy and excitement to millions of people. For the athletes, it demands years of training and dedication to reach the top. As with all good sport stories, State of Play depicts a journey of victory but also of defeat, of hardships but also of friendships.
Ultimately, the film asks the same question that so many athletes ask themselves; what does it take to be the best?
Source: Al Jazeera
Share
Call of Duty is Activision's flagship gaming franchise. Since 2010 the series has produced annual iterations, each of which have gone on to smash the billion dollar mark and crush entertainment records in their wake. It is the publisher's golden child and financial cornerstone, but it's also the flashy big brother to another wildly popular billion dollar Activision franchise: Skylanders.
Despite its financial success, the Skylanders series is still very much in the shadow of its more mature companions at Activision Blizzard, at least within the gaming community. The more hardcore fans tend to see it as a merchandise-driven game, plus there isn't a lot of crossovers between a military shooter and an adventure title built around accumulating and using toys. Yet Skylanders continues to carve out a niche for itself and find success. So much so that Disney has even emulated the concept with its upcoming Disney Infinity, a game so reminiscent of Skylanders that Disney hasn't even bothered to deny it is a direct competitor to it.
For those unfamiliar with the series, Skylanders combines physical toys and video games in an action-adventure made for players of all ages. It's a brawler with different characters using unique powers to fight their way through bright and colorful worlds. The hook, however, is the Portal of Power, a peripheral you connect to a gaming console that contains a sensor capable of reading character data off the base of a Skylanders toy. Placing a figurine on the portal brings them into the game along with all saved upgrade data. These action figures are sold individually, ranging in price from $10 for a single toy/character to $25 for a pack of three. Two players can play at once, and gamers can take their own Skylanders figure to a friend's house and put it on that portal to add their character to their friend's game.
With the average age of gamers hovering around 35, Activision took a chance in trying to plug a hole in the family entertainment gaming market. Skylanders is made with younger players in mind, but it was also designed to be fun for that older demographic – the gamers that now have kids themselves. It may be the kids that push the parents to buy the games and toys, but the gameplay (not to mention the quality time it creates) is what takes the sting away from dropping a sizeable amount of cash on the ever growing lineup of merchandise.
“With a franchise like Skylanders, it's kind of limitless where we can take it, because there aren't rules,”
“The opportunity to innovate around toys is pretty vast,” John Coyne, senior vice president of consumer marketing for Skylanders, told Digital Trends. “There's a whole industry built around toys, and they've done pretty well innovating over the decades.”
With the upcoming Skylanders: Swap Force, all the previously purchased toys will be compatible with the new game. You will, however, need a new portal that will be included with the game's starter kit, as the toys have changed. The subtitle is an accurate description of the gameplay mechanics that define Swap Force: you swap different parts of your toys to create new characters. It's an evolution of the current game, but like the original idea, it has never been done before.
“With a franchise like Skylanders, it's kind of limitless where we can take it, because there aren't rules,” Coyne said.
Each new toy will come with an upper and a lower body part, connected by a magnet. Each toy part will have its own upgrade tree, and combining the different pieces will offer new gameplay options. Mixing and matching powers can produce unpredictable results. Sometimes you will need a specific type of character power or body type for things like access to secret areas, but previously leveled up characters can be brought into Swap Force with all of their upgrades. It means purchasing even more toys, but previous purchases are still useful. Burning a loyal audience by negating all the expensive add-ons they purchased separately would be a bad move, and Activision knows it.
The franchise walks a thin line, but it has managed to find a successful balance so far. Skylanders is an original approach to gaming, combining the new idea of interacting in a digital world with a physical object, with the very old idea of requiring additional purchases. It also encourages the concept of collectible toys, an idea that goes way, way back. Anyone that remembers the “Pogs” fad can attest to the pull of collectability – rewarding that with in-game content is a smart idea.
“The truth is you have to evaluate it on an ongoing basis”
“I think there's a difference between letting your audience tell you what to make, and providing what you think the audience wants, and understanding the nuances of how you interact with them,” Joshua Taub, senior vice president for Skylanders business unit said.
Now that Skylanders is a proven hit, Activision and the developers involved face the difficult task of creating frequent iterations of the games that innovate without wearing down the audience. It's a lesson that Activision learned with its first billion dollar franchise, Guitar Hero. Between 2005 and 2010, the Guitar Hero franchise produced 24 games including mobile titles, spin-offs, arcade games, and more. It effectively killed the franchise (the 11 Rock Band games in roughly the same time frame didn't help) through exhaustion and over-saturation. There is a long term strategy and the story will continue beyond Swap Force, but Activision is taking a somewhat more conservative approach to this series than it did with its rhythm games.
“The truth is you have to evaluate it on an ongoing basis because the toys and the game have to come together in the same way,” Taub said. “But there's an arc that's out there.”
Skylanders may never have the name recognition that Call of Duty or Guitar Hero before it did, but it is a vital piece of Activision's financial strategy. With a billion dollars on the line, this is a franchise that is here to stay.
Radicals set the building with innocent people inside on fire in Odessa, then strangled the survivors and finished them with bats, while police did nothing to prevent the bloodshed. That's the scary picture a survivor of the massacre told RT.
“First of all, nobody expected such cruelty, and secondly, it was too late to escape,” Tatyana Ivananko told RT's correspondent Alexey Yaroshevsky about the Odessa tragedy on May 2, after which at least 46 people died in flames, when radicals set ablaze the local House of Trade Unions with anti-government protesters trapped inside.
According to the witness, pro-autonomy activists wanted to hide from the radicals by barricading themselves in the building.
“On our way up the stairs, we were taking plywood sheets inside so that we could block the doors and prevent them from getting into the building,” she says.
However, the crowd of pro-government supporters who were trying to enter the building was quickly becoming bigger.
“They were coming from everywhere,” she added.
According to Tatyana, the radicals started hurling Molotov cocktails, after which the first and the third floors of the House of Trade Unions burst into flames.
Tatyana also recalled that the outraged crowd outside was shouting that they wouldn't let anybody out.
“They were also throwing firecrackers, so people in the halls were sitting on the floor, blinded.” She added, “At that moment you realize there is no way to help these people so you'd better rescue yourself.”
Public services such as police and fire brigade were not rushing to rescue the injured people.
“The police were idle not doing anything,” she recalls. “When firefighters arrived it was too late – too many people had already died, even though the closest fire station is 700 meters away from the site.”
According to the numerous videos released in the Internet, many victims of the Odessa massacre received bullet wounds. On some of the videos a man in a bulletproof vest who introduces himself as sotnik Mykola (“sotnik” is what Maidan group leaders in Kiev call themselves) is shooting several times in the direction of the burning House of Trade Unions.
“Have a look at the video,” says Tatyana, pointing to the footage where Micola is pictured. “This armed man in a vest is carrying a gun.”
According to her, the shooting started in Grecheskaya Street, in the north of the city.
Tatyana said that after the pro-government activists managed to enter the burning building, “many people were strangled. I didn't know how they [pro-government activists] were able to get through the fire but they did,” she added.
She recalled that the radicals “finished off some of the people who managed to escape, and threw from the windows those who didn't, to kill them on the ground.”
“17-year-old hooligans were finishing people with bats,” she added.
Meanwhile, the next day after the clashes, Ukraine's Vice President, Vitaly Yarema, said that some of those who were killed in the Trade Union building were foreign nationals.
However, Tatyana denied this information saying that all the people who were killed on May 2 came from Odessa.
“They all loved their city deeply. We stood shoulder to shoulder from the very first day,” she said. “A regional council deputy, Vyacheslav Markin, is also known to have been killed in the flames.”
She also commented on the reports from mostly western outlets, which claim that some of those killed were “mercenaries from Russia.”
“If we had indeed been mercenaries, there would have been fewer victims, and not on our side,” adding that the only thing they received from Russia was “moral support.”
Those who died in the ablaze “were innocent civilians who wanted to live a normal life rather than just ‘survive' – as is now the case in Ukraine,” Tatyana said, adding that the Kiev coup-appointed authorities are to blame for these crimes.
“The guilty party is the current government, which clearly seeks to divide Ukraine,” she added.
Numerous videos have been released on the Internet in which a woman's voice is heard from the House of Trade Unions screaming for help and the pro-government activists in the crowd surrounding the building say, “that's not a woman, she's a separatist!” and “beat the s**t out of her, so that she finally shuts up!”
"Yeah, women sit at home with their children and this one's an animal!" added another.
According to the acting Prosecutor General Oleg Makhnitsky, it is too early to say what exactly caused the blaze but the investigation is looking into several theories. The cause of the fire could be both Molotov cocktails thrown by the anti-government protesters and the blaze made by pro-Kiev activists, he said. Ukraine will invite independent experts mostly from the US to investigate the case, added Makhnitsky.
On Wednesday, Russian FM Sergey Lavrov said that what took place in Odessa on May 2 is "typical fascism" and Russia "will pursue the truth," adding that Moscow will not permit Odessa's events to be "swept under the carpet."
(update below)
Each and every day some police action infuriates and breathes new life into this movement. Just when you think the movement might go stale and the message of “We are the 99%” will no longer pack the punch that it has had over the last two months, some picture or some video is released showing occupiers or, in this case, students peacefully standing their ground in the face of police violence.
Yesterday, UC Davis students showed solidarity with students at other UC campuses, who are facing tuition increases and have been the victim of police brutality (particularly at UC Berkeley during Occupy Cal protests). The students set up tents on the main quad area of UC Davis. Police were ordered to remove the tents and arrived in riot gear holding batons and tear gas guns. Students sat on the ground in a circle, linked arms and held their ground in the face of a menacing police force.
“Lieutenant of Police” for UC Davis, John Pike, stepped over the line of occupiers sitting on the ground. He pointed a pepper spray canister at the line of students. Then, as if he was watering his lawn, he began spraying the students with orange-colored pepper spray.
The students remained calm. Those around the students began screaming but students being sprayed tucked their heads and tried to avoid getting spray in their face. Only a few occupiers stood up and ran off.
Following the pepper spraying, arrests were made. The brutality escalated, according to an assistant professor at the university, Nathan Brown:
Police used batons to try to push the students apart. Those they could separate, they arrested, kneeling on their bodies and pushing their heads into the ground. Those they could not separate, they pepper-sprayed directly in the face, holding these students as they did so. When students covered their eyes with their clothing, police forced open their mouths and pepper-sprayed down their throats. Several of these students were hospitalized. Others are seriously injured. One of them, forty-five minutes after being pepper-sprayed down his throat, was still coughing up blood.
Brown wrote an “open letter” calling on Chancellor Linda P.B. Katehi to resign. The entire letter boldly condemns the Chancellor for permitting riot police to handle students as police did. The letter also boldly defends the students for standing their ground.
…The fact is: the administration of UC campuses systematically uses police brutality to terrorize students and faculty, to crush political dissent on our campuses, and to suppress free speech and peaceful assembly. Many people know this. Many more people are learning it very quickly. You are responsible for the police violence directed against students on the UC Davis quad on November 18, 2011. As I said, I am writing to hold you responsible and to demand your immediate resignation on these grounds…
Occupy Davis had setup a camp on Thursday. They were informed by the university during the morning yesterday that the university could no longer allow the camp to exist on campus.
Chancellor Katehi wrote a letter on the removal of tents. While she did not necessarily defend the pepper spraying of students, she appallingly attempted to provide cover for the police brutality by stating, “We were aware that some of those involved in the recent demonstrations on campus were not members of the UC Davis community and this required us to be even more vigilant about the safety of our students, faculty and staff. We take this responsibility very seriously.”
Assistant Professor Brown rightfully declares in his open letter:
…I am writing to tell you in no uncertain terms that there must be space for protest on our campus. There must be space for political dissent on our campus. There must be space for civil disobedience on our campus. There must be space for students to assert their right to decide on the form of their protest, their dissent, and their civil disobedience—including the simple act of setting up tents in solidarity with other students who have done so. There must be space for protest and dissent, especially, when the object of protest and dissent is police brutality itself…
Occupy Davis now appears to be considering “a peaceful community bike ride” to visit the chancellor's College Park/Russell neighborhood and confront her for sending riot police on to campus to use violence to remove what was up until police arrived an entirely peaceful assembly.
Update
Chancellor Katehi has issued a statement of apology. Here is an excerpt, including Katehi's proposal for remedying the situation:
…During the early afternoon hours and because of the request to take down the tents, many students decided to dismantle their tents, a decision for which we are very thankful. However, a group of students and non-campus affiliates decided to stay. The university police then came to dismantle the encampment. The events of this intervention have been videotaped and widely distributed. As indicated in various videos, the police used pepper spray against the students who were blocking the way. The use of pepper spray as shown on the video is chilling to us all and raises many questions about how best to handle situations like this. To this effect, I am forming a task force made of faculty, students and staff to review the events and provide to me a thorough report within 90 days. As part of this, a process will be designed that allows members of the community to express their views on this matter. This report will help inform our policies and processes within the university administration and the Police Department to help us avoid similar outcomes in the future. While the university is trying to ensure the safety and health of all members of our community, we must ensure our strategies to gain compliance are fair and reasonable and do not lead to mistreatment. Furthermore, I am asking the office of Administrative and Resource Management and the office of Student Affairs to review our policies in relation to encampments of this nature and consider whether our existing policies reflect the needs of the students at this point in time. If our policies do not allow our students enough flexibility to express themselves, then we need to find a way to improve these policies and make them more effective and appropriate. [emphasis added]
Katehi does not label what the students did as nonviolent civil disobedience. The refusal to remove tents happened because students wanted to assert a right to political expression on campus that they (and others in the Occupy movement) feel they should have in spaces all over the country. What students are doing in asserting this right is challenging society to grant citizens more rights in public or even, in some cases, private space.
Rather than labeling those who do not take down tents when asked as anarchists or lawless people, discussion should be had over what students are trying to do by refusing to disperse. There should be a discussion about how the movement is trying to build community in these spaces where we are seeing police carry out city-ordered evictions.
School is back in session, and you know what that means—it's time to start practicing your audition songs for the school musical! But before you break out your sheet music for “On My Own” and “Something's Coming,” we're bringing you some inspiration from talented Broadway hopefuls all over the country. After hours of intense Googling, YouTube spirals and snack breaks, Broadway.com has selected five stellar student performances that definitely deserve an A+. Check out our picks below!
The “Please Come to Broadway Now” Award
Aitana Alapa, Aida, Woods Cross High School
Casting directors, take note: If this video is any indication, high school student Aitana Alapa is clearly ready to star on Broadway immediately. The Woods Cross, UT production of Aida won Best High School Musical at the Utah High School Musical Theater Awards, and Alapa went on to compete at the 2014 Jimmy Awards. And no, we're not ashamed to admit we cried a little while watching this.
Best Ensemble
Les Miserables, University High School
Even in a great high school production, there are usually a couple of weak links in the cast—let's face it, not everyone can be the next Ramin Karimloo. But in this University High School production of Les Miz in Orlando, FL, every single cast member sounds like a pro. Special shout-outs to Jacob Tourjeman as Jean Valjean and Alex Mendez as Marius (seen here as Jesus and Judas in a UHS production of Jesus Christ Superstar)—you guys sound awesome.
The “Are Those High School Guys?!” Award
West Side Story, Staples High School
In a high school musical, finding a bunch of guys willing to even try on a pair of jazz shoes is a rarity. But bafflingly, Staples High School in Westport, CT has assembled a whole team of hoofing high school dudes who pirouette and leap around the stage with ease. Wow, check out those Shark high-kicks!
Most Impressive Set & Costumes
The Producers, Summit High School
There must be something in the water in Summit, NJ, because every one of Summit High School's musicals over the last few years has been absolutely kick-ass. The evidence: The Music Man, 42nd Street and Titanic. (You now have YouTube watching material for the next week.) But Summit really pulled out all the stops in their mounting of The Producers, tap-dancing Nazis and all. Sing it with us! "Springtime for Hitler and Germany..."
Best Overall Production
The Phantom of the Opera, Grand Ledge High School
There's nothing more satisfying than a really amazing high school production of Phantom, and this Grand Ledge, MI mounting gets it right—the chandelier, the copious amounts of fog, the chemistry between Christine (Erin Fillingham) and the Phantom (Robert Mueller), it's all there. The production reportedly cost $80,000, which if you ask us, is money well spent. Who needs a football team, pencils or textbooks? Bravi, bravi, bravissimi!
Last year Thomas Müller ate 42.9 kilograms (94.6 pounds) of fruit, consumed 540 glasses of alcoholic beverages, wore pajamas to bed, watched at least 1,200 hours of TV, drank champagne at birthday parties, received new music CDs for Christmas, drove to work and had sex with his wife 117 times. He is a man without secrets.
In the same year, Sabine Müller ate 57 kilograms (126 pounds) of fruit, consumed 229 glasses of alcoholic beverages, slept in a nightgown, occasionally baked a cake and watched more than 1,400 hours of TV. She has an orchid in her living room and puts up a real Christmas tree for the holidays -- and she had sex with her husband 117 times. She is a woman without secrets.
The Müllers spent two weeks of the year on vacation -- in Germany -- and on Jan. 1, 2008, they discovered that they had gained 370 grams (13 ounces) over the holidays. Thomas is 45, 1.79 meters (5'10") tall, is slightly overweight at 83.5 kilograms (184 lbs), and earns 3,702 ($5,923) a month gross. His wife, Sabine, is three years his junior, 1.66 meters (5'5") tall and weighs a little under 67 kilos (148 pounds). She works part-time, wears her hair long but not too long, runs the household on her own and likes reading horoscopes.
The two have been married for 17 years, and their only child, Alexander, turned 15 last summer. He was 14 when he kissed a girl for the first time.
The Müllers live in Cologne, a reasonable choice for the typical German family, but because everything about this family is a bit odd, their living room happens to be in Hamburg. To be exact, it's in a dark, brick building housing the offices of Jung von Matt, one of the country's most successful advertising agencies. This can only mean one thing: The Müllers are fictional. Thomas Müller is the average German man, Sabine is the average German woman and their family is the average Teuton family. They are what marketing experts call the "most common Germans." They exist, but then again, they're a figment of marketers' imaginations. Whatever their status, though, they are indispensable.
To keep its reputation alive as an "idea factory," four years ago the agency came up with the concept of creating the Müllers' living room. Using mountains of statistical data, survey results, opinion polls, sales figures, together with home interviews with 20 real families, they built the average German living room, complete with the most popular German wallpaper, indoor plants and knickknacks on the sideboard. Jung von Matt's creative and strategic teams now use the space for meetings. It gives them the sense that they are talking shop in the middle of the average German life, while gazing at the walls of the average German living room.
Anyone entering the room has the eerie sense that its occupants have left it only moments earlier, perhaps to make a sandwich in the kitchen or walk down to the basement to put the laundry in the dryer. But there is no kitchen or basement.
The room is updated periodically to conform to the latest trends and news headlines. Trainees at Jung von Matt double as "living room attendants." Their job includes making sure that the TV program guide is always opened to the correct page, the plants are kept watered and the books on the shelves are current. "Moppel-Ich," a bestselling diet book, was added in recent years (for Sabine Müller), along with the latest installments of the Harry Potter series, a book on the pleasures of quitting smoking, a smattering of popular self-help books and the latest bestsellers, next to a travel guide for the Mediterranean tourist haven of Mallorca -- a little light reading for husband Thomas.
Average Germans Thomas and Sabine like to paint their walls yellow and decorate them with pictures of family and animals. A small collection of stuffed animals lined up on the back of the sofa provides the necessary dose of coziness.
Knowing all of these intimate details is as important to advertising agencies as it is to the companies that are their clients -- because the average German rules the country's economy, determining what is purchased and what is produced. Political parties are also keenly interested in finding out what Thomas and Sabine Müller are thinking and what they want out of life. Politicians want to be there for the Müllers, or at least create the impression that they identify with the typical German voter. Everything about their politics is geared toward the average voter at the political center, even though the center is gradually shrinking. And anyone in the media who fails to take note of what the average German likes to listen to, read and watch is doomed to fail.
The average German, this fictional creation of a handful of advertising executives, is the most important person in the country, wooed and pursued by the business world, the political class and the public sphere. This average German -- who also happens to be ridiculed, despised and feared -- is the true King of Germany.
Those who embark on a search for this person, who engage with the generalization, are working with a composite image, fuzzy on the details and yet no less fascinating. Every person is curious about his or her own proximity to the norm and, by the same token, everyone wants to be special, original and recognizable as an individual. And yet, in pursuing uniqueness the individual is in fact moving within the great procession dubbed "the average" far more often than he or she suspects. Even the greatest individualist, convinced that he is one of a kind, measures his happiness against the average person. Ironically, it is clear this average German is nonexistent or, at the very least, exists only as the average German woman or the average German man. We make our daily decisions far more uniformly than we believe, some stemming from forced necessity and others reached completely of our own free will. Why is it, for example, that bright red was the most popular color of German cars for years? And why is that this color preference then changed, as if by some secret agreement, to metallic grey and, more recently, to black?
Even private and plainly individual decisions, like the naming of children, follow clear patterns and fashions, with the Pauls and the Maxes, the Maries and the Hannahs dying off for decades before returning to popularity. Will traditional German names like Ernst, Wilhelm and Elfriede soon be back in vogue? If so, why? What are the criteria behind the decisions we make? What do we allow influencing us? What is freedom?
The situation is paradoxical. In an age when total individuality is celebrated by some and painted as the source of all evil by others, a creeping uniformity is taking hold. In the big picture, it is only a handful of major corporations that clothe us and provide us with accessories, furnish our apartments and houses, produce the electronics with which we amuse ourselves, equip our computers with more or less the same software, serve us our prepared food and help us dispel boredom with a series of interchangeable games. Meanwhile, Hollywood and its surrogates serve up perfectly formatted desires to help us fill some of our free time.
Cigarettes were once marketed by telling us that "everyone is an original," and for almost 20 years marketers hawked the popular German margarine brand "Du darfst" ("You May") by suggesting that the typical "Du darfst" consumer is someone who insists: "I want to remain the way I am." But what am I like? What am I? Am I the master of my life or a product of my environment? People have always asked these questions, but never before have they been so intent on finding the answers, and never has such a wealth of data existed to point them in the right direction.
The German Federal Statistical Office and its counterparts at the state level use increasingly refined methods to illuminate all of the central aspects of our lives, encouraging us to write diaries and list the ways we spend our time at 10-minute intervals, then apply complicated procedures to describe the general direction taken by the entire herd.
But it is not just our businesses, and not only our governments, that are busily X-raying modern man. Banks, mail-order companies and telephone service providers constantly examine the individual, determined to discover whether he is creditworthy, or which of us are too often behind on our bills and come up short in the credit rating game.
Meanwhile, market researchers in the business world are not interested in the individual, but in the average person, the face of the masses. The condom, refrigerator and cigarette industries, importers of fresh flowers, distillers of Scotch whiskey and sports leagues -- they all want to know how we live, what we think, what we do and what we don't do, what we like, what we hate and -- what makes us tick.
Abundant data exists on the habits of the Germans. The Society for Consumer Research, for example, knows which TV programs we watch and for how long, whether our interest in spending money is rising or falling and what we intend to purchase. The Federal Statistical Office knows how we live, how much rent we pay and how much we earn, the German Automobile Club (ADAC) and auto insurance companies know who prefers which cars and what kinds of drivers are most likely to cause accidents.
Sex research institutes offer figures on our sex lives and beer brewers on how much we drink, while traffic experts can tell us the number of kilometers the average German sits in traffic every day. Trade unions have their statistics on the working world and health insurance agencies know why we call in sick. But never before have all of these figures been combined into one image, as SPIEGEL has now done. In those cases where no data was available, SPIEGEL conducted its own research. In each of two series of opinion polls, 1,000 Germans were asked about their attitudes and habits. In addition, data supplied by major German polling institutes like TNS Infratest and Allensbach was analyzed.
The end result is this image of the average person. It is a generalization, and as precise as the details of this generalization are, it remains just that: a generalization. When we examine and compare the figures and supposed conclusions, we gain a surprisingly large amount of information about what our lives would look like if our names were Sabine and Thomas Müller, with a living room in Hamburg. But the irony of it all is that we are in fact these fictitious people -- some more, some less so -- or at least to a far greater extent than we assume. Visitors to the living room at Jung von Matt are often shocked at how much it resembles their own living space, and they leave with the realization that we always behave relative to the social community around us, and that we apparently often use our freedom to relinquish that very same liberty and individuality.
Thus, we are left with a composite sketch of the German, the composite image of an average day in the life of average Germans Sabine Müller and Thomas Müller. It's a variation of the paint-by-numbers concept, and what comes out in the end is a portrait of a people with respectable resources, a well-fed, rather well-educated, reasonably satisfied and generally modest people.
Master Builder Makes Legos Bend To His Will In Ohio Stadium Replica
Opened in 1922 and currently able to handle more 100,000 fans, Ohio Stadium in Columbus, Ohio, is a sight to behold. It's almost as amazing as the Lego replica sitting in Paul Janssen's basement.
The 42-year-old Ohio State University professor tells NPR's Robert Siegel on All Things Considered what it was like to build the horseshoe-shaped stadium out of 1 million Lego pieces. Built at a scale of 1:120, it took years of planning, collecting pieces and building to complete the project.
The mini-stadium can seat only 6,000 Lego people — that's thanks to issues of scale, not Janssen's work.
You can see the results for yourself in the photos below, and in a full photo gallery over at The Columbus Dispatch.
S&P puts NSW on negative ratings watch
Updated
Standard & Poor's has put the NSW Government's credit rating on a negative outlook, meaning a downgrade is possible within the next two years.
The New South Wales Government currently holds the highest AAA rating, but S&P says there is increasing pressure for the state to spend more, while revenue remains stagnant.
"In our view, there are increasing pressures on the New South Wales Government to increase its investment in infrastructure," said credit analyst Claire Curtin in a statement.
"These capital expenditure pressures, combined with our view of the state's moderate budgetary performance, lead to our opinion that NSW's budgetary flexibility may become increasingly challenged."
The ratings agency says there is a one-in-three chance it will downgrade the state's credit rating within the next two years.
However, S&P says NSW could be revised back up to stable if the state's government can show steps to either increase revenue or raise money by selling assets, thereby allowing more infrastructure investment without increasing debt.
S&P says the state's Commonwealth backing, as well as its wealthy and diversified economy, positive financial management and excellent access to international funding are being offset by its moderate budgetary flexibility and performance, which reflect stagnating revenues and an increasing need to address the infrastructure backlog.
S&P says the state's financial management has improved over the past 18 months, due to tighter revenue and expenditure management, but it says long-term infrastructure issues continue to hang over New South Wales.
Topics: business-economics-and-finance, economic-trends, states-and-territories, nsw, australia
First posted
Ready to get paid to lose weight? Enter your info into the Prize Calculator and see how much money you'll win!
“I feel alive. I have my confidence back. More than anything it's given me a ton of energy,” says Jennie, describing the recent transformation in her life.
Prior to losing 51 pounds this year, she says, “I totally hated taking pictures. I would always be the one with the camera to make sure everybody else was in the photos and not me. We even skipped family photos last year because I didn't want to do them.”
In January of 2016, Jennie weighed almost 200 pounds – and knew it was time for a change
Being overweight robbed her of her self-confidence. “You don't feel like yourself. I felt like people treated me differently when I was overweight, they didn't take me as seriously or respect me,” she explains.
Jennie was an avid runner prior to having her children, but then things changed — she gained weight and could not get rid of it. “I just told myself I would snack less and run more, but it never really stuck.”
Then, last year, she saw the winners of a HealthyWage weight loss contest featured on Good Morning America and became very curious. Large cash prizes for losing weight sounded too good to be true, but, after investigating, she knew she had to give this a try. That is how she discovered HealthyWage.
Nine months later in September, Jennie weighed in at about 138 pounds, below her target of 140! She's lost 51 pounds!
What was different this time around that really pushed her to succeed? Through HealthyWage, Jennie placed a bet on her weight loss, and she won big.
She bet $60 a month for 8 months that she would lose at least 40 pounds. Her final weigh-in confirmed that she had succeeded, and she received her winning prize of $886.92 (basically doubling her money).
Since winning her bet, Jennie has taken those family photos and is going on a trip to Cancun with her husband!
Get Paid to Lose Weight – We're not joking
Maybe you've heard of this concept before and figured it was a scam; that's the first thing that ran through my mind as well. I thought that there would absolutely be some sort of catch that would rain on our parade after hearing of this amazing idea, but I haven't found one.
Lose the weight you agreed to lose and they'll pay you for it. Everyone I have spoken with says it's as simple as that.
Anastasia W. bet $167 per month for 18 months that she could lose 41 pounds in that time. At the deadline, she weighed in and she nailed it! She lost the 41 pounds and gained $10,000!
Karen J., who discovered HealthyWage after seeing it featured on an ABC News segment, lost 50 pounds in six months and won $1,764!
For Olga, getting paid to lose weight meant being able to reward herself for all of her hard work
Since discovering HealthyWage at her job, where she's completed numerous challenges with her coworkers (HealthyWage runs corporate challenges for big companies, but you can participate on your own), Olga has lost 100 pounds! She recently completed a HealthyWage bet where she wagered $20 a month for 7 months that she would lose 30 of those pounds. She crushed it, earning $606.40!
The past few months with HealthyWage have changed Olga's life and brought her back to her old self. “I've gotten back into doing things that I loved to do when I was younger. I'm hiking a lot, I'm picking up tennis again, which I used to play in high school 16 years ago…Shopping is fun now! I've made it out of the plus size stores which has opened up oodles and oodles of opportunities for self-expression through clothes.”
Gather your weight loss motivation
For Olga, the money provided accountability, but it was not the only source of motivation. Her family always encouraged her, and so did her real estate agent (who had lost 80 pounds), and a certain patient at her job that was struggling with obesity-related diseases.
“I would say that overall I really became the person I envisioned me to be,” explaining that it's about more than just the financial incentive; she's felt an improvement in her overall well-being.
With that inspiration, Olga says it started to get easier and easier for her
A former athlete and now mother to a two-and-a-half-year-old daughter, Olga is now back in touch with her old self playing sports she used to play in high school, like tennis, going hiking and participating in athletic events.
“I actually just did my first triathlon! It's a personal victory that I succeeded, and now I'm training for a 5k… I'm inspired to live more of an active, healthier lifestyle, which I wouldn't have been able to do before because of all of the aches and pains.”
For Darchelle W., knowing she put her own money on the line really woke her up and forced her to take control of her life, “By investing in myself each month for the wager, something within me shifted toward caring for myself, valuing myself, and fighting for me in ways that have gotten me back to my true self, my true figure, my internal freedom and yep, I'm even my running to some degree.”
And she's stuck to her weight loss journey since collecting her winnings.
“I just have no idea where I would be if it weren't for my sister who reached out to me in my pit, and HealthyWage who reached into my mess and helped me make some beauty.”
That's what is great about HealthyWage. It's not meant to be your diet plan, and although you can absolutely benefit from their community and tips, their main drive is to provide you with the incentive to lose the weight on your own.
It's all up to you. You place the bet, you weigh in, and you decide the time frame and the amount of weight you want to lose.
There's nothing about HealthyWage that literally makes you lose weight, it just pays you for your success.
For Kristen, controlling her diet and exercise plan on her own comes naturally to her.
“After starting down a path to a healthy lifestyle, I now get asked to “play run” with my nieces and love every second of the fact that I can keep up! I am so excited to be feeling great and being able to call myself a runner.”
How HealthyWager works
Starting with the HealthyWage Prize Calculator , you'll submit how much weight you want to lose (10-150 pounds, at least 10% of your current weight), how long you believe it will take you to lose the weight (6-18 months) and how much you want to wager ($20-$150 per month).
Based on that information, the calculator will provide you with your prize amount, up to $10,000.
You can play with the calculator until you get the numbers you're looking for.
Sign up and lay down your bet. You agree to pay the monthly amount for the duration of the challenge. Succeed at losing the weight and win your prize!
At the start of the challenge and at the end, you'll submit a video weigh-in to depict your weight loss via the HealthyWage app, only taking about 30 seconds to complete.
You'll start and end your challenge with a video-recorded weigh-in to demonstrate your weight loss.
If you do not achieve your goal, your money goes to support HealthyWage, including prizes for those who achieve their goals.
Ready to get paid to lose weight? Enter your info into the Prize Calculator and see how much money you'll win!
Share your story: What has helped you with your weight loss?
Despite rampant concerns on both the right and left about the integrity of the election, we seem to have dodged a bullet on Nov. 7, at least on the presidential level. There were no serious problems reported -- no hanging chads, endless recounts or credible evidence of widespread dirty tricks -- and 97 percent of voters said they had no problems voting this year, aside from waiting in lines.
It's lucky that was the case, because the federal commission tasked with making elections function better has been stymied by partisan infighting that has left it with zero commissioners, with Republicans refusing to appoint new ones and blocking Democrats from doing the same.
Advertisement:
Congress created the U.S. Election Assistance Commission with the passage of the Help America Vote Act of 2002, which allocated over $3 billion to help states improve their election administration and enacted a number of reforms aimed at preventing another debacle like the presidential election of 2000. The act passed with rare and overwhelming bipartisan support -- the House voted 357-48 in favor and the Senate 92-2 -- but the honeymoon didn't last long and the commission soon fell victim to the partisan bickering that has hamstrung the Federal Election Commission.
With four commissioners, two from each party, the body is tasked with “adopting voluntary voting system guidelines, and serving as a national clearinghouse of information on election administration,” according to the commission. Along with other functions, the EAC is basically supposed to help set standards and find best practices for a county whose elections are governed by a convoluted patchwork of municipal, county and state election agencies and laws.
It's a noble and useful purpose, but the commission has operated without any of its four commissioners for over a year and experts on both sides of the aisle agree it's broken.
“It's a national embarrassment that this agency, whose only mission is to provide information, doesn't have a single commissioner,” Rick Hasen, an election law expert at the University of California, Irvine, told Roll Call's Amanda Becker in an excellent story published before the election.
“The agency is paralyzed,'' Hans von Spakovsky, a senior fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation and one of Republicans' most prominent voices on election administration, told Gannett.
But it is von Spakovsky and his comrades whom some observers blame for the commission's failures. Von Spakovsky, whose work advancing the voter fraud myth was profiled in October's New Yorker, was working in the Bush Department of Justice in 2006 when he was reportedly the “ringleader” of an effort to make sure one of the EAC's Republican commissioners would not get reappointed. The commissioner, Paul DeGregorio, was accused by his conservative enemies of not being “Republican enough” -- i.e., not exploiting the commission for partisan goals. When DeGregorio left he was replaced by a lawyer from the Republican National Committee. (Von Spakovsky denies having anything to do with this.)
Advertisement:
It was an inflection point for the commission. It went on to produce controversial reports about conservative hobby horses like voter ID, and the relationship between commissions of different parties broke down.
By December,2010, the two Democratic commissioners had left for various reasons, leaving the EAC without a three-member quorum. And in February 2011 Mississippi Republican Rep. Gregg Harper introduced legislation to kill the commission entirely. Shortly thereafter, the remaining two Republican commissioners left, leaving the body with four vacancies and zero commissioners.
As Becker reported, “Republican leadership has not recommended any nominees to the White House, a tactical move that ensures the vacancies remain because Democratic and Republican openings must be filled in tandem.”
On Monday, California Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer shone some light on this neglected issue, sending a letter to the Republican leadership of both the House and Senate asking them to recommend new commissioners.
Advertisement:
“While two Democratic EAC nominees are awaiting action in the Senate Rules Committee, my understanding is that your offices have not recommended names for the two Republican positions in nearly a year,” she wrote. “I hope that you will take immediate action to make these recommendations so that we can get the Election Assistance Commission working again, and let the American people know that the government is protecting their fundamental right to vote.”
It's a welcome step, but unless Republicans abandon their strategy of obstruction in President Obama's second term, the EAC may be waiting a while longer to function properly again.
As a small company out of Irvine, California, Felt's motto has always been the same – not to be the biggest bike company, but the best. Born out of Jim Felt's knack for building the fastest time trial and triathlon frames long before aero was the new black, eventually Jim teamed up with Bill Duehring and Michael Mullmann to “build a bicycle brand dedicated to technological innovation and unmatched quality.”
Today, Felt as a company has a complete bicycle line touching nearly every style of bike, all run for the most part out of their modest Southern California digs. Take a quick tour of Felt's home base, after the break.
Walk into the lobby at Felt and you are greeted by a number of championship winning bicycles and jerseys. Everything from the Olympics, to Ironman, to the Tour de France can be found that was raced by Felt's Pros.
The decorating trend continues throughout most of the building. Sarah Hammer, Team Garmin Slipstream, it's an impressive display of memorabilia. With the number of victories won on Felt bikes, it's easy to forget just how small of a company Felt really is.
The Felt building houses the traditional conference rooms, sales and marketing cubicles, and lunchroom, but Felt might hold the title of the most bicycle and motorcycle magazines in the bathrooms.
Like any designers, the desks of the creative team always have a ton of interesting stuff to see.
Relatively small compared to other companies Felt competes with, the engineering department is where the bike magic happens.
Tucked back into the far corners, you might even find a Ducati engine or two.
Thanks partially in part to Jim Felt's past as a top motorcycle mechanic, motorsports run deep in the Felt bloodline which probably gave rise to creations like these Gulf racing and Triumph inspired cruisers. The Gulf was available in Europe but never in the US, while the Triumph bike is a one off by a staff member.
No bicycle company is complete without a work bench and build area. Felt's modest set up gets the job done. We realized that bicycle on the stand was one of the models under embargo. You'll have to check back later in August for the scoop.
Felt also has a small machining and frame shop on hand to build and test prototypes.
It seems no company would be complete these days without a 3D printer, and Felt is no different, employing the use of a Fortus 250mc. The printer allows for the creation of durable prototypes that are able to be used in situations like the wind tunnel, or simply checking fit. Entire bikes can be made by making several interlocking pieces, which can then be brought tot he tunnels for real world validation.
Felt also does a bit of testing in house, specifically fork impact testing where a large weight is dropped onto the dropouts of a fork.
The next victim test subject?
The rest of the Felt building is essentially the garage you wish you had with a ton of different bikes and storage. Of course there is a small gym, motorcycles, and a jumbo flatscreen TV – for presentations of course.
Perhaps best of all, Felt's headquarters are a quick ride from some great trails and roads, which are the perfect testing grounds for new bikes.
The city hopes to eventually centralize homeless services and cited a couple this week for illegally feeding a crowd.
DAYTONA BEACH — A husband and wife who've been feeding the homeless and other needy people in a city park for a year are no longer allowed there after police cited them for illegally feeding a crowd.
The citations and trespass warnings against Chico and Debbie Jimenez and their volunteers are part of an increased effort by the police to discourage Good Samaritans from steering homeless people away from the agencies set up to provide the same services. It's part of the city's and county's broader effort to eventually centralize homeless services.
“The ordinance is there, so if we catch you, we're going to cite you,” Police Chief Mike Chitwood said Thursday. “If you want to feed people, and you want to do a good, Christian act, we encourage you to coordinate with the social service agencies.”
The Jimenezes were feeding about 40 people Wednesday afternoon in Manatee Island Park, where they said they've been feeding anyone who shows up for the past year.
“We feed anybody that's hungry,” Chico Jimenez said.
“Even if you're not homeless,” Debbie Jimenez added. “We don't care. If you're hungry, eat. We're not here to change any laws or anything. We just want to help. These people have become our friends. They depend on us. It's not like they're just 'some people.'”
The weekly feedings, which have been routinely recorded on video and posted on YouTube, were happening despite a city law against them. A sign at the park warns: “Social services activities including, but not limited to, food banks and feeding programs are prohibited.” The police officer who wrote Wednesday's ticket noted that the feeding was described as a “birthday party” and “the 40+ persons on scene began laughing.”
The Jimenezes' citations threatened a $273 fine for trespassing and $100 for facility use without a permit.
Daytona Beach is one of dozens of cities across the country cracking down on mass-feeding of homeless people in public parks. Last month in Alabama, Rick Wood, a pastor who had been driving around Birmingham handing out hot dogs and water for six years, was told to stop because he didn't have a city permit. In December, in St. Louis, Mo., a street church serving homemade meals was told to stop the day after their program was featured on the front page of the newspaper.
In 2011, Orlando was at the center of protests from the activist group Food Not Bombs, which saw several of its members arrested while defying a city ordinance against feeding in Lake Eola Park. Then-Mayor Buddy Dyer ultimately had the charges dropped.
Each case pits the case for charity against city governments that are trying to keep parks from becoming regular destinations for the homeless. That is especially true in Daytona Beach, which recently hired a nationally known consultant, Robert Marbut, to work on plans for Volusia Safe Harbor, a proposed transitional shelter that would become the central place for the homeless to stay, eat and seek help.
“We've always done it,” Chitwood said of enforcing the no-feeding law, “but clearly we're hoping we're on the threshold here of making this Safe Harbor project come through. There are plenty of places and plenty of ways you can do acts of charity without violating an ordinance.”
Marbut has told city leaders that feeding the homeless in parks or handing out supplies under bridges worsens the cycle of homelessness because it doesn't get people the lasting help they actually need.
The Jimenezes don't see it that way. Chico, who quit his job as a construction project manager, and Debbie, who quit hers as a manager of an auto-parts store, run a ministry that helps in ways beyond meals. They've used donations to help pay for hotel rooms, power bills, backpacks and bicycles. They said their home-cooked food is better than what the homeless can get at a local shelter. And they contend that the area's homeless agencies don't want to lose people to outside feedings because that means fewer of them come to the agencies — which means less funding.
“If we were criminals, it'd be one thing,” said Diane Clester, one of the small ministry's volunteers who was also cited by police Wednesday. “But we're not... When we leave, there isn't a scrap of paper on the ground, nothing. Within an hour and a half, they're done and gone.”
Said her husband Joe, who also got a ticket: “These are clean people; they just can't cut it in life. So they get a meal every Wednesday, and they know it.”
The Jimenezes said they plan on challenging, not paying, their citations.
Wichita Eagle
For the past couple of months, hackers have breached the computer networks of companies that operate nuclear power facilities in the US, according to a new report from federal law enforcement officials.
One of the companies targeted was the Wolf Creek Nuclear Operating Corporation, which operates a nuclear facility near Burlington, Kansas, according to a joint report issued last week by the FBI and Department of Homeland Security and described by The New York Times. The report carried an urgent amber warning, the second-highest rating for the severity of the threat, the Times reported.
Organizations running the nation's energy, nuclear and other critical infrastructure have become frequent targets for cyberattacks in recent years. In a 2013 executive order, President Barack Obama called cyberattacks "one of the most serious national security challenges we must confront."
President Donald Trump signed an executive order in May designed to bolster the United States' cybersecurity by protecting federal networks, critical infrastructure and the public online. One section of the order focuses on protecting utilities grids like electricity and water, as well as financial, health care and telecommunications systems.
The government report didn't indicate whether the purpose of the cyberattacks was espionage or physical destruction, but researchers concluded that hackers appeared to be mapping computer systems for future attack. The origin of the attacks is also unclear, but sources told the Times that hackers' techniques resembled those used by a Russian hacking group known as Energetic Bear, which has been linked to attacks on the energy sector since 2012.
The report comes amid heightened concern that the Russian government hacked the US presidential election in November to ensure a victory for Republican Trump.
Hackers sent fake resumes containing malware to senior engineers who maintain broad access to critical industrial control systems, the government report said. When the recipients clicked on the documents, hackers could then steal their credentials, the Times reported.
A spokeswoman for the Wolf Creek Nuclear Operating Corporation declined to comment on the cyberattack but said there was "absolutely no operational impact" on the facility because corporate and operational networks are kept separate.
"The safety and control systems for the nuclear reactor and other vital plant components are not connected to business networks or the internet," Wolf Creek spokeswoman Jenny Hageman said in a statement. "The plant continues to operate safely."
Solving for XX: The industry seeks to overcome outdated ideas about "women in tech."
Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has taken his side to third in the table
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says the support of the fans has been crucial to the team's gradual improvement under his leadership this season.
Van Gaal replaced David Moyes as United boss in the summer and has guided his side to third place in the Premier League table despite a troubled start to his tenure.
Louis van Gaal has told Manchester United's rivals that there's much more to come from his team. Louis van Gaal has told Manchester United's rivals that there's much more to come from his team.
Moyes lost the confidence of some sections of the Old Trafford crowd towards the end of his spell in charge, with a plane carrying the message "Wrong One - Moyes Out" flown over the ground in March.
But despite early losses to Swansea and Leicester - together with an embarrassing 4-0 hammering by MK Dons in the Capital One Cup - United fans have stayed behind their new manager and have been rewarded by a run of seven wins from their last nine Premier League matches.
"It's been a good first half of the year," said Van Gaal, who last saw his team lose on November 2 against local rivals Manchester City.
Everyone said before I came that the food is bad, but the food is fantastic and the wine lists are fantastic! Louis van Gaal on life in England
"The most important thing has been the support from the fans, and the players' fighting spirit.
"We can be satisfied. We are improving every week and we can see the new year in with open eyes.
"We are going through the process, playing effectively and we will continue. Hopefully we can have a fantastic result at the end of the season."
Van Gaal said the team's injury problems were gradually easing with Chris Smalling, Luke Shaw and Rafael Da Silva all making good recoveries although still short of match fitness, while Anders Herrera and Adnan Januzaj have returned to training.
Goals from Marouane Fellaini and Juan Mata gave United a 2-1 home victory over Stoke at the start of December, but Van Gaal said his team would be in better condition for Thursday's clash at the Britannia.
"We were weak in the home game at the end," he said.
"I have to look to the balance of my team but we are better now. We have to show our improvements against Stoke, and in more away games. We have to dominate more but (assistant boss) Ryan Giggs says Stoke is a difficult place to go."
The former Netherlands boss is midway through his first experience of English football's traditional Christmas schedule, and he has again said he is not in favour of the hectic programme of games.
"Everybody knows the body can't recover in 48 hours - that's proven, but we have to play," he said.
"That's the culture of England. I don't mind that but it's bad for the players and bad for the games. Look at the second half against Spurs or the second half of Southampton against Chelsea."
But Van Gaal ended his press conference on a lighter note, talking about his love of English life, food - and wine lists.
"English life is fantastic, I have met only friendly people in the streets or in the restaurants," he said.
"Everyone said before I came that the food is bad, but the food is fantastic and the wine lists are fantastic.
"My neighbours are very nice and I love a Chinese!"
Art sweetly imitated life this week on True Blood, as Anna Paquin and Stephen Moyer got married over the weekend, so too did their fictional alter egos affirm their love (well, one of them did, anyway). The nightmarish vows went as such.
Sookie: If my blood is so delicious, does that mean your feelings for me are based on that?
Bill: No! Though it definitely drew me to you at first [cue Sookie and Bill love theme]. Sookie … it is not your blood I love. I love YOU. Your mind, your heart, your soul. And I will forswear ever feeding on you again if that's what it takes to convince you of that. You have brought light back into my life. And hope. And gratitude. That is why I love you. Nothing else.
Aw, how cute. And then he smashed the glass and kissed the bride. Mazel tov! (Just switch “delicious blood” for “second-youngest Oscar winner in history” and you can imagine Paquin and Moyer's pre-engagement conversation.) This episode reined in the sex a bit so as to be heavier on character development — the source of Sam's anger was revealed, the reason for Lafayette and Jesus's deep connection came to light, and we got to see Crystal's feline side. Of course, the big news was that finally, thank Maryann!, we learned what the heck Sookie is. Some people complain that with the fairies, vampires, werewolves, and now Wiccans and sorcerers and conjurers, this show is getting too sprawling for its own good. To those people we say: “How f-ing lame.” Bring on the various supernaturals!
Well, God-fucking-damn-it, Sookie Is a Fairy
As she puts it: “How fucking lame.” Bill figured it out after his visit to fairy-land and his encounter with Claudine (thankfully we didn't have to go back there this week — it looked like the cheesy set of a high-school production of A Midsummer Night's Dream ). “Apparently a Fae coupled with one of your human ancestors; the Fae were known for breeding with humans, sometimes against the human's will,” Bill explains to an incredulous Sookie. “My people are rapists!?” she concludes. Apparently! “Every supernatural I have ever met believes the Fae were wiped out of existence … by vampires,” Bill goes on. Dun-dun-dun! “According to legend, fairy blood is delectable and intoxicating to vampires. Yours is the most delicious blood I've ever tasted,” he says.
So it's finally clear why Sophie-Anne sent Bill looking for Sooks, though Bill still neglects to mention this fact to her, even after Eric (who flies in to confirm that Sookie's blood does, in fact, protect vampires from the sun) goads him into telling Sookie the truth. Eric dramatically bids her farewell — “Do what you want; I won't be around much longer anyway. I wish you the best Sookie Stackhouse [smoldering look].”
Obviously, Sookie can't resist seeing that hot Swede once again (get out of my dreams, and into my mouth!), and she trots over to Fangtasia to try to figure out why Eric keeps telling her not to trust Bill. And folks, this leads to the make-out session of all make-out sessions. Alexander Skarsgard towers over Anna Paquin, and upon saying good-bye, he grabs her head and starts to kiss her. At first, Sookie resists, but she eventually gives in, as we all would, to Eric's advances, and they passionately kiss for a few glorious seconds. AND IT'S AMAZING. Until Eric, at Pam's behest (“blah, blah, vampire emergency, blah”) realizes that using Sookie in order to survive is probably smarter than playing tonsil hockey with her for the rest of the afternoon. So into the torture chamber Sookie goes; that's what she gets for Frenching the eight-foot-tall undead viking prince. Random hook-ups always end badly in this world, it seems.
Booty count: The make-out we've all been waiting for.
Russell Finds His Pretty Woman
Speaking of hook-ups gone awry, Russell reappears for a few moments, looking for action and carrying around a messenger bag filled with Talbot's sticky remains. He's deranged with grief, and locates a prostitute with curly black hair, who, if you squint hard enough, resembles his dead husband. “I'll give you more than you could ever dream of,” Russell creepily tells the prostie before sleeping with him. “I'm so sorry Talbot,” he cries in bed. “Tony,” the doomed hooker corrects him. “It's all my fault. I will never forgive myself that in the end, you were so alone, with no one holding your hand,” sniffs Russell. “It is one thing to face eternity without you, but to have not been with you at the true death … ” he continues, and then stakes the poor guy in the heart, cuddling with him as Talbot's face morphs into his. Aw, it's sad and sweet and sick, all at the same time. “I'm so glad we had a chance to say our good-byes,” he says. Denis O'Hare (literally) kills this scene; he's so believable as a bloodsucking psychopath.
Body count: One dead prostitute and a weepy Russell.
Protect and Serve
Poor Jason, so torn up is he about killing Franklin and Eggs (and playing a part in that kidnapped vampire's death). After he and Tara scoop up Franklin's remains, Jason's stuck with the unenviable job of trying to protect Sookie from all the various bad guys after her (there are a lot!), and he falls apart. He finally confesses to Sookie that he was the one who killed Eggs, and she insists he tell Tara the truth. “I'm good at protecting people. It's like the only thing I do right, and that's what I'm doing,” he says. “You're not protecting her” — says Sookie annoyingly — “You're lying to her.” “They ain't always so different,” Jason observes. He brings Tara breakfast in bed, sweetly comforts her as she cries (“You, you're good. I can count on you,” Tara tearfully tells him), and doesn't freak out when she starts to kiss him. God, Tara has been though a lot, even for this show. “I'm so totally fucked up!” she yells, which, for some reason, prompts Jason to finally spit it out. “I shot Eggs,” he confesses. She runs away, and it turns out that Sookie has left in the meantime, and Jason has failed his job, yet again. Bill reprimands him, but Jason smartens up and kicks him out of the house, only to be greeted by Crystal, in the form of a black, growling panther. “Mama,” Jason whimpers.
Booty count: A few grief-induced pecks.
We Know Why the Caged Dog Drinks
Sam spends this episode stumbling around drunk, and we finally get a clue, in flashback form, as to why he viciously beat up Crystal's dad. It turns out that Sam was a bit of a thief before opening Merlott's — we see him in 2003, stubble-less with skeavy slicked-back hair, as he empties out a bag of stolen jewelry with a diamond-happy blonde whom he's clearly in love with. Too bad she's double-crossing him with her other boyfriend, who puts a gun to Sam's head and makes off with the jewelry and the chick. Later on, Sam catches up with them in cute doggy form, though things quickly turn not-cute as Sam ends up shooting both his former lover and her beau (after stealing his pants: “Give me your fucking pants!” Way harsh, Sam).
Body count: Two good-for-nothings, way back in 2003.
Like Brother, Like Brother
Tommy's still a little tool, but at least now his uncontrollable testosterone makes a bit more sense. He puts the moves on an uninterested Jessica, who'd just awesomely let Arlene have it: “Okay, we get it, you don't like vampires. Well I don't like narrow-minded, skinny bitches with bad dye jobs,” Jessica hisses at a terrified Arlene. Tommy reveals this gave him “total wood.” Gross. Tommy, who looks like a bizarro, evil Elijah Wood, doesn't understand Jessica's love for Hoyt, and gets especially pissed when he sees the two reconciling after Hoyt mercifully cuts his insufferable (though “warm” chested) girlfriend loose. So pissed, in fact, that he, as a bulldog, attacks Hoyt as he leaves Merlott's, biting through his entire arm. Jessica comes out at just the right moment, throws Tommy off of Hoyt, and then saves his life by making him drink her blood as Tommy watches angrily from the woods. “I love you, too. Now drink my blood!” Jessica entreats. Ah, romance, True Blood–style. Gives us a warm feeling inside.
Which Is a Witch?
On to Lafayette and Jesus's magical mystery tour. After saving Crystal's dad with V (who's totally ungrateful), Jesus convinces Lafayette to take a little trip with him. What comes next is a drug-addled ride through Jesus and Lafayette's ancestry, complete with voodoo dolls, fertility treatments, and the boys speaking through each other's mouths. It's creepy to say the least, though the close-up camera angles and fuzziness are reminiscent of most any drug scene you'll find in Hollywood. What's revealed is that Jesus comes from a line of sorcerers (his grandfather, especially, is powerful and scary), while Lafayette's bloodline is filled with conjurers, which is why, clearly, they're a good match. We're no fans of trippy drug scenes, but at least we got some plot development in this one. Now if only we could figure out Jesus's true intentions for our beloved Lafayette.
Meanwhile, Holly continues to pop up in story lines, leading us to believe that she's more than just a human Wiccan. She offers Sam a remedy for his anger issues. And after Arlene tells Terry, finally, that the baby is Rene's and not his (to which he reacts so nicely: “I will raise that child as my own … I want to marry you, and together we will surround that baby with more love than it can handle”), she still goes to Holly to see if there's a way to get rid of it, that's not abortion. Maybe one of these days we'll learn what Holly actually is, though if the show sticks to its precedents, it will be a long, long time coming.
Image caption The project will show who has left a website more vulnerable to attack
Companies that do not do enough to keep their websites secure are to be named and shamed to help improve security.
The list of good and bad sites will be published regularly by the non-profit Trustworthy Internet Movement (TIM).
A survey carried out to launch the group found that more than 52% of sites tested were using versions of security protocols known to be compromised.
The group will test websites to see how well they have implemented basic security software.
Security fundamentals
The group has been set up by security experts and entrepreneurs frustrated by the slow pace of improvements in online safety.
"We want to stimulate some initiatives and get something done," said TIM's founder Philippe Courtot, serial entrepreneur and chief executive of security firm Qualys. He has bankrolled the group with his own money.
TIM has initially focused on a widely used technology known as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).
Experts recruited to help with the initiative include SSL's inventor Dr Taher Elgamal; "white hat" hacker Moxie Marlinspike who has written extensively about attacking the protocol; and Michael Barrett, chief security officer at Paypal.
Everyone is now going to be able to see who has a good grade and who has a bad grade Philippe Courtot
Many websites use SSL to encrypt communications between them and their users. It is used to protect credit card numbers and other valuable data as it travels across the web.
"SSL is one of the fundamental parts of the internet," said Mr Courtot.
"It's what makes it trustworthy and right now it's not as secure as you think."
Compromised certificates
TIM plans a two-pronged attack on SSL.
The first part would be to run automated tools against websites to test how well they had implemented SSL, said Mr Courtot.
"We'll be making it public," he added. "Everyone is now going to be able to see who has a good grade and who has a bad grade."
Early tests suggest that about 52% of sites checked ran a version of SSL known to be compromised.
Companies who have done a bad job will be encouraged to improve and upgrade their implementations so it gets safer to use those sites.
The second part of the initiative concerns the running of the bodies, known as certificate authorities, which guarantee that a website is what it claims to be.
TIM said it would work with governments, industry bodies and companies to check that CAs are well run and had not been compromised.
"It's a much more complex problem," said Mr Courtot.
In 2011, two certificate authorities, DigiNotar and GlobalSign were found to have been compromised. In some cases this meant attackers eavesdropped on what should have been a secure communications channel.
Steve Durbin, global vice president of the Information Security Forum which represents security specialists working in large corporations, said many of its members took responsibility for making sure sites were secure.
"You cannot just say 'buyer beware'," he said.
"That's not good enough anymore. They have a real a duty of care."
He said corporations were also increasingly conscious of their reputation for providing safe and secure services to customers.
Data breaches, hack attacks and poor security were all likely to hit share prices and could mean they lose customers, he noted.
The National Right to Life Board of Directors on Saturday voted to support pro-life Texas Sen. Ted Cruz in the remaining Republican presidential primaries, starting today in Wisconsin. The support for Cruz follows a decision by its state affiliate Wisconsin Right to Life to endorse Cruz as well.
The following is a statement from Dave Andrusko of National Right to Life on the support for Cruz:
In the week preceding the Board's vote, Donald Trump first said on Wednesday that were abortion illegal he would “punish” women who had aborted. He said later the same day he wouldn't punish these women. Then, on Friday in a clip from an interview with “Face the Nation” moderator John Dickerson that would air Sunday, Trump said, “The laws are set now on abortion and that's the way they're going to remain until they're changed,” adding, “At this moment, the laws are set and I think we have to leave it that way.” Then, on Friday, after the clip aired, the Trump campaign issued another statement: “Mr. Trump gave an accurate account of the law as it is today and made clear it must stay that way now — until he is president,” it read. “Then he will change the law through his judicial appointments and allow the states to protect the unborn. There is nothing new or different here.” As reported in NRL News Today, Mr. Trump has said Planned Parenthood does “some good work” but would defund it. An average of seven recent national political polls shows that Mr. Trump trails Hillary Clinton by 11.2%. In those same seven polls, Sen. Cruz trails Mrs. Clinton by an average of 3%. National Right to Life believes Sen. Cruz is the only candidate for president who has always been pro-life, who has a 100% pro-life voting record with National Right to Life, who can win the Republican nomination, and who can defeat pro-abortion Hillary Clinton in November.
In a statement to LifeNews.com the Wisconsin Right to Life organization said Cruz is the only candidate int he race who has always been pro-life and has the ability to defeat pro-abortion Hillary Clinton in November.
“Wisconsin Right to Life's Political Action Committee supports Ted Cruz as the only presidential candidate with a proven record on life who can win,” the group said.
“There has never been an election more important than this election, and the stakes have never been higher when it comes to protecting the unborn,” stated Chelsea Shields, PAC Director of Wisconsin Right to Life. “There is only one candidate for president who has always been pro-life, who has a 100% pro-life voting record with National Right to Life and Wisconsin Right to Life, and who can win the Republican nomination and defeat pro-abortion Hillary Clinton in November. And that candidate is Ted Cruz.”
The pro-life organziation said that, as president, Ted Cruz would work to restore legal protections to unborn babies and their mothers, protect unborn babies from abortion, including painful and barbaric dismemberment abortions, appoint judges who protect life, and keep your tax dollars from paying for abortion.
“For these reasons, Wisconsin Right to Life's Political Action Committee is urging every pro-life voter in Wisconsin to vote for Ted Cruz in the Presidential Preference Primary on April 5th,” the group concluded.
SIGN THE PLEDGE: I Pledge to Vote for a Pro-Life Candidate for President
Cruz has a 100% pro-life voting record as a member of the Senate . On 10 total votes on pro-life issues taken while has has served in the Senate, Cruz voted pro-life every single time.
The votes tallied by the national Right to Life Committee include multiple votes supporting a bill to de-fund the Planned Parenthood abortion business over the years, votes to repeal or de-fund Obamacare, which uses taxpayer funds to pay for abortions as well as votes to protect the conscience rights of pro-life Americans.
In a recent interview, Cruz expounds on his pro-life views and said that pro-abortion Democrats use the issue of contraception to try to attack pro-life Republicans and make them look like extremists.
Cruz gave an interview last week to the Catholic news network EWTN and he asked Cruz about some comments he made supporting contraception. The Texas senator said he was pushing back against a Democratic “political attack that was deliberately deceptive.”
“I am unequivocally pro-life, I believe that every life is a precious gift from God that needs to be protected from the moment of conception until the moment of natural death,” he said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GUNNISON, Colo. -- A professor at Western State Colorado University was arrested on suspicion of Internet luring of a child and Internet sexual exploitation of a child on Wednesday morning, the First Judicial District Attorney's Office said.
Daniel Miles Cress, 53, was arrested by investigators with the district attorney's office and officers from the Gunnison Police Department at his home in Gunnison.
On Feb. 3, an investigator with the DA's Child Sex Offender Internet Investigations unit was contacted online by Cress. The investigator was online portraying himself as a girl younger than 15 years old.
According to the arrest warrant affidavit, the communication from Cress became sexually graphic. During the course of the investigation,
Cress and the undercover investigator engaged in numerous and repeated communications, including text, chat, telephone conversation and Webcam, much of which was sexually explicit.
Cress repeatedly asked the person, whom he believed to be a child younger than 15, to perform sexual acts. He also asked the purported teen to “sneak out” with him, the district attorney's office said.
Cress was transported to the Jefferson County Jail on Wednesday morning and bond was set at $20,000.
If Cress does not post bond, his first court appearance will be at 10 a.m. Thursday in the Jefferson County Courthouse.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As the leaders of sun-drenched and water-starved southwestern US regions, governors Rick Perry of Texas and Brian Sandoval of Nevada expressed eagerness on Tuesday to see Israeli water technologies expand in the Lone Star and Silver states.
“Water is an issue that will define our times. I grew up with a very special affinity to the importance of water,” Perry said of his upbringing in a rural dry-land cotton farm.
For his part, Sandoval described his childhood on a small Nevadan sheep farm, which was “so far out in the rural area that we didn't have a municipal water supply” and relied on a well tinged with iron.“I would be embarrassed to go to school because all my T-shirts were orange,” he said.Perry and Sandoval were addressing audience members at an opening session of the Water Technology and Environmental Control (WATEC) Exhibition and Conference in Tel Aviv, organized annually by the Israel Trade Fairs Center and the Kenes exhibition company.“It is fitting that this conference is held in Israel. Israel faces some special challenges in a lot of different ways, but certainly from the standpoint of water,” Perry said. “Texas faces many of the same challenges that Israel faces today. We must strive to use new technologies to conserve and expand the supplies of the fresh water.”Explaining that Texas had recently passed a measure that would provide $2 billion for water projects across the state for the next 50 years, Perry stressed to Israel: “We follow you and admire you greatly.”Whereas Israel reuses approximately 86 percent of its wastewater by treating it, the United States only reuses about 1% of its own effluent, the Texas governor explained.“This country is leading the way,” Perry said. “From a Texas standpoint, what we're involved with is only the beginning. We're ready to embrace the new technologies that will come out of this conference.”Not shy about his intentions, he told the Israeli water innovators in the audience that “Texas is a place where innovation can be put into action,” describing the favorable business climate they would find by expanding to the Lone Star State.He asserted that countries around the globe continued to look to Israel as “a country that has grown out of a desert an amazingly powerful economy – in ways that look a lot like Texas.”Traveling alongside Perry to WATEC were two separate delegations from his state – one from the Texas-Israel Chamber of Commerce and another sponsored by the American Jewish Committee's Project Interchange.Not to be outshone, Sandoval also told participants of the welcome partnerships they would find in Nevada.He, too, arrived with a 50-member delegation of Nevadans eager to hear about the Israeli water industry – the first such Nevadan trade mission to Israel, he said.“Governor Perry talks about competition.He wins some, we win some,” Sandoval joked. “We are very proud of our water center of excellence. I humbly ask you to check Nevada out.”Although the city of Las Vegas has made huge strides in terms of confronting water challenges, and features the new Nevada Center of Excellence for water management and data analytics, the Southern Nevada Water Authority is still facing huge challenges, Sandoval stressed. A leader in municipal water, the authority is eager to form partnerships with the global community. Israel's national water corporation, Mekorot, already has a home in Reno, Nevada, the governor noted.“You see the success story of what has come out of the desert here in such a short time,” Sandoval said, adding that Israel's success gave him hope that he “can do something for [his] great state.”Mark Ellison, a member of the private sector who works with the government and industry in Texas's water arena, told The Jerusalem Post that with 1,000 people moving daily to the Lone Star state, the water supply was facing enormous pressure.“We're taking measures to put in place financing for water infrastructure expansion,” Ellison said. “The reason we're here and working with Project Interchange is that we also need technology and management practices that are prevalent in the Israeli water sector.”He stressed that he and the other members of his delegation hoped to see Israeli firms moving into the Texas market, bringing with them key irrigation, desalination and wastewater treatment technologies.However, one challenge companies might face upon entering, he acknowledged, is that in Texas there are more than 43,000 municipal water systems that all function independently.While this factor does represent a challenge, bodies like the Texas- Israel Chamber of Commerce help companies overcome such obstacles, Ellison explained.“You have to start, you have to be on the ground,” he said.While the Project Interchange delegation largely included water practitioners from public water utilities and regional authorities, the Texas- Israel Chamber of Commerce delegation included a range of corporate and academic leaders in the sector.The sole purpose of their visit, explained the latter body's CEO and president, Clare Freeman, is to learn more about water technology being innovated in Israel.“The State of Texas has a water crisis to solve, and we believe strongly that the solution has been developed right here in Israel,” Freeman said. “Our mission is to be the primary driver of economic development between Texas and Israel. We feel this is a great business opportunity for Israeli water companies, and Texans will be the beneficiaries.”
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Liverpool native Rob Vincent scored 18 goals in the third-tier USL last season. (Pittsburgh Riverhounds photo)
D.C. United completed a deal with the third-division Pittsburgh Riverhounds on Wednesday to acquire midfielder Rob Vincent, who has been at the MLS team's training camp for the past four weeks. Terms of the transfer and contract were not disclosed.
The Liverpool native, 25, scored 28 goals in 88 matches across all competitions over three seasons for the USL's Riverhounds. He posted 18 goals in league play last year.
He had been on United's radar since last summer when he scored against D.C. in the U.S. Open Cup. He trialed with United in the fall.
Impressed with Vincent's performance early in training camp this winter, United cleared a senior roster slot last week by trading forward Conor Doyle to the Colorado Rapids for a third-round draft pick. Vincent is a left-sided attacker who started last Saturday's preseason match against the Tampa Bay Rowdies.
“He is a smart player who has the ability to create and score from wide midfield positions,” United General Manager Dave Kasper said, “and his tireless work rate and professionalism excite us.”
Vincent has permanent residence and will not count against the international player limit.
After youth stints with Everton, Crewe Alexandra and Stockport, Vincent played four years at the University of Charleston, a Division II program in West Virginia.
Vincent is the sixth midfielder to sign with United since last fall, joining Lamar Neagle (Seattle), Patrick Nyarko (Chicago), Julian Buescher (Syracuse), Marcelo Sarvas (Colorado) and Luciano Acosta (Boca Juniors).
Kenneth Goldsmith stands in front of 10 tons of printed paper from his exhibition “Printing Out the Internet” at a Mexico City art space in 2013. (Janet Jarman/For The Washington Post)
Lucky creative writing students in a University of Pennsylvania seminar will be able to earn academic credit for wasting time on the Internet next spring. The class, appropriately titled “Wasting Time on the Internet,” will require its students to spend the three-hour weekly sessions dividing their attention between the world of the Internet and the classroom.
The instructor, Kenneth Goldsmith, tells The Washington Post that he will strictly enforce “a state of distraction” among the students — exactly the sort of thing he and virtually every other professor on Earth spends time trying to eliminate from their classes.
The purpose, Goldsmith says, is to have the students write something good at the end of the course, as a result of all that forced distraction. Goldsmith says he hopes the distraction will place his students “into a digital or electronic twilight,” similar to the state of consciousness between dreaming and waking that was so prized by the Surrealists.
“We do it, but we're not really thinking about what we are doing,” Goldsmith says of digital distraction. Forcing students to think about all that “wasted” time might change assumptions about the worth of cycling through endless Reddit posts. “I'm so tired of reading, every time you pick up a paper, on how bad the Web is,” he says.
The conventional wisdom is that all that Internet time is making us as a society stupider. “I don't think that's true,” Goldsmith says. “I think the Internet is making us smarter.”
Based on his previous work, this sort of experiment is something Goldsmith does well. The English professor is also the author of 10 books of poetry; in 2013, he became the Museum of Modern Art's first poet laureate.
His wide range of influences have produced some interesting ideas. Like that time he tried to print out the entire Internet as a tribute to the late Internet prodigy and activist Aaron Swartz.
Discussing that project with The Post's Dan Zak last year, Goldsmith said: “I'm not doing this so that everybody can go and steal all the material on the Internet. I actually want to use his gesture as a jumping-off point to begin to ponder much larger questions.”
Goldsmith's new course has shades of the Bruce Bogtrotter punishment from Roald Dahl's “Matilda,” wherein a school forces the student who stole a slice of cake to eat the entire, enormous cake by himself, in one sitting.
Goldsmith seems to be hoping that forcing students to actively engage in what is usually seen as a bad classroom habit will make them “not want to do that” in other settings. And like Bogtrotter, who manages to finish the whole cake with the encouragement and adoration of his classmates, Goldsmith's highest hope for the class is that students will walk away better from the experience, “having theorized what they haven't already theorized.”
Of course, not everyone will agree that encouraging young, impressionable minds to divide their attention among a phone, a laptop and a professor is worth the Ivy League tuition. For his part, Goldsmith says he has yet to hear substantial negative criticism of his new course idea, noting that undergraduate education often makes space for ideas and experiments one wouldn't otherwise get to try.
“Creative writing and art is the place where you get to try out…things that might seem a little bit outrageous,” he says. “Isn't that what an undergraduate education is, really? It sounds like a perfect undergraduate class to me.”
That response won't fly for everyone, but it's important to note that creativity has a long and strong relationship with activities that might otherwise be considered idle or wasteful. If you want to be particularly Puritan about it: Thoreau wasted time at a pond. Hemmingway wasted time going to bull fights. And a particular sort of loafer, the flâneur, has long been a valued and important figure in art-making.
“I'm not sure what's going to happen,” Goldsmith says when asked what he hopes his class will produce for his students. But he's been teaching a similarly provocative course at Penn, called “Uncreative Writing,” for a decade. Students in that class are forbidden from producing anything original and must rely on copying and stealing — plagiarism! — to complete assignments.
Goldsmith considers “Uncreative Writing” to be one of his most successful courses, precisely because it opens up new creative outlets by forcing students to do the opposite of what they're normally told. “Once you take away the forbidden fruit…then they shift their orientation and view it as a creative exercise.”
Here is the full course description of “Wasting Time on the Internet,” as it appears on the Web. (And yes, it's one massive paragraph.)
Open Championship final leaderboard (par=70)
-5: D Clarke (NI) -2: D Johnson (US), P Mickelson (US) -1: T Bjorn (Den) level: C Campbell (US), A Kim (US), R Fowler (US) Selected others +2: S Garcia (Sp) +6: T Watson (US) +7: R McIlroy (NI), MA Jimenez (Sp) +9: T Lewis (am) (Eng)
Media playback is not supported on this device Clarke seals Open triumph
Darren Clarke kept his nerve to clinch his maiden major title with a three-shot victory in the Open at Royal St George's.
The 42-year-old Northern Irishman fired a final-round 70 to finish five under to hold off Americans Phil Mickelson (68) and Dustin Johnson (72).
Denmark's Thomas Bjorn ended on one under after a 71 with American trio Rickie Fowler (72), Chad Campbell (69) and Anthony Kim (70) on level par.
Clarke, playing in his 20th Open Championship, is the first winner from the UK since Paul Lawrie in 1999 and becomes only the second Northern Irishman to win the Open after Fred Daly in 1947.
And he follows in the footsteps of countrymen Rory McIlroy and Graeme McDowell who both won their first majors at the US Open this year and last, respectively.
Clarke led by one from Johnson going into the last round and he showed complete control of his emotions as he smiled his way to the Claret Jug.
On a day of sunny periods and fierce squalls, Clarke picked up a shot at the second, handed it back at the fourth, and then eagled the long seventh to reach the turn at seven under for a two-shot lead over Mickelson.
Four-time major champion Mickelson had started the day five strokes off the lead and scorched around the front nine in 30, including his own eagle at the seventh.
This means a lot to me and my family and as you may know there is someone up there looking down on me as well Darren Clarke
The 41-year-old left-hander picked up another shot at the 10th to close the gap to one, but his wheels fell off in spectacular fashion as he missed a short putt on the 11th, the cue for four dropped shots in six holes. "It was just a stupid mistake, just a dumb mental error," he said later.
Mickleson did, though, beat his previous best Open finish of third at Royal Troon in 2004.
"Oh, man, that was some of the most fun I've had competitively," he added. "I hit some of the best shots I've hit in the wind, not just today but really all week.
"When I saw Darren wasn't going to make a mistake and he played some great golf I had to start trying to make birdies, and that's when I ended up making a couple of bogeys."
Johnson, 27, had scrapped hard to get to five under, just two behind playing partner Clarke after 13 holes, but went out of bounds on the long 14th and took a double bogey to hand the Northern Irishman a four-shot lead.
Thoughts turned to Bjorn, who had squandered a three-shot lead with four left at the same venue in 2003. But despite a bogey on the 17th, Clarke remained firm and none of his rivals could close the gap over the final few holes.
DARREN CLARKE FACTS The Oldest Open champion since Roberto Di Vicenzo, who was 44, in 1967
Oldest major winner since Ben Crenshaw's 1995 Masters victory at the age of 43
Oldest first-time major champion since Di Vicenzo's 1967 triumph at Hoylake
Walking down the 18th, the popular Clarke, who lost wife Heather to breast cancer in 2006, removed his visor and greeted the cheering crowd with the Claret Jug virtually secured.
A bogey was enough for the man from Dungannon as he hugged his mother and father and new fiancée Alison as the 2011 Open champion.
"It is just incredible. I'm a bit speechless. I played ok today, I did what I had to do and the last few holes when I was far ahead I just tried to be careful and not do anything stupid," he told BBC Sport.
"I've been very calm all week, I won six weeks ago and the more you put yourself in winning positions the more comfortable you get. I was very comfortable with my game this week.
"I could hear the roars going up for Phil Mickelson on the way round but I was hitting some shots and doing ok. Professional golf has its ebbs and flows, that's the way it goes.
"It's very special for me and the kids. They were playing at Royal Portrush today and they will be very proud.
Media playback is not supported on this device Clarke predicts long celebrations after Open win
"The celebrations could be long and - not arduous - very enjoyable tonight."
In a perfectly presented acceptance speech Clarke said: "I've been writing this speech for 20 years now and it's been a long bumpy road.
"I've had good and bad things happen to me on the way. Sometimes I was good, sometimes I was bad but I have had so much support from everyone.
"There might be lots of Irish black stuff in this trophy this evening as I'm fond of a beverage from time to time.
"This means a lot to me and my family and as you may know there is someone up there looking down on me as well.
"I can't thank you enough for the support I've had this past four days. The roaring has helped me to stand here and I thank you all from the bottom of my heart."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fans of most clubs will tell you their away supporters are a particularly noisy, crazy, passionate bunch.
In many cases, that's true. But having watched the clip above, we can safely say there are very few clubs who can match AIK Fotboll for utter insanity on away days.
The video shows fans and players of the Swedish side joining together to celebrate a 2-1 win at Gefle. Not a World Cup win. Not Champions League glory. Just three league points.
Take a look and you'll see why it's remarkable. The noise is deafening. The players on the pitch are given megaphones so they can join in. It's absolute bedlam.
In fairness, their excitement becomes understandable when you look at the Swedish top-flight table.
The win - which came courtesy of a dramatic 89th minute winner - leaves them in third place, two points off the top in just about the closest title race you have ever seen. Two points separate the top four, with just nine games to play.
So, that's…
A ridiculously exciting league
Dramatic finishes
And insanely awesome atmospheres
Anyone else fancy a trip to Sweden?
Mention the word “quasicrystals” and everyone will immediately know what you're talking about, right? Probably not. University of Wisconsin-Madison chemistry Ph.D. student Veronica Berns recognized this conundrum when she began working on her thesis. Berns wanted to share her work with friends and family, but she struggled to find an accessible way to do so. Eventually, she decided that the best way to explain these divergent crystals was to diverge from the normal thesis form herself– and thus her chemistry comic book, Atomic Size Matters, was born.
Berns's family has a history of doodling and sharing comics, so what better way for her to involve her parents than with a medium with which they were all comfortable? At her graduation last year she surprised her parents with a comic book filled with cartoons, humor, and simple comparisons to describe her complex work. She purposely focused more on doodles than polished illustrations, telling the Associated Press that she “wanted it to be like I'm explaining [it] on the back of an envelope.” Atomic Size Matters was a big hit, and not just with Berns's family.
Berns's adviser, Danny Fredrickson, said that she was the first of his students to construct her thesis in an artistic way. In response to the question, “How would you communicate this to someone that doesn't do science?,” he replied, “This. This is it!” Berns thought that perhaps others would be interested in her comic as well, and started a Kickstarter campaign to raise money to print a small batch of the books. Berns raised over $14,000, more than twice what she had asked for, which helped her realize the vital role that her book could play in the learning process. “It's really important, now more than ever, to talk about science in an accessible way,” she noted.
Berns now works as a chemist in Chicago, but she still finds time for doodling. Her latest project is a blog explaining the work of Nobel Prize winning scientists, which can be found on her website, VeronicaBerns.com.
[via The Big Story]
MOSCOW -- Sergei has watched in horror as Russian television has been flooded with harrowing stories about vicious debt collectors terrorizing households with threats and violence in order to recover overdue loans. He worries his family could be next.
In December, the 29-year-old from the southwestern city of Voronezh became one of 11.5 million Russians to fall behind on loan payments, after he was diagnosed with a brain disease that stopped him from earning a paycheck and making payments on two loans. His total debt: $330.
Despite the relatively small sum, Sergei says that he and his friends and acquaintances have been hounded for the past month, received threatening phone calls day and night from thuggish-sounding debt collectors demanding that the money be repaid.
"I hope this all ends peacefully, but I have my doubts that it will," says Sergei, who does not want his last name published for fear it could worsen his predicament.
Dubbed "black bailiffs" and "vultures of the crisis," overzealous debt collectors have shot to prominence in Russia as its economy founders -- an unsavory byproduct of a prolonged recession fueled by the collapse of world oil prices and compounded by Western sanctions over Moscow's interference in Ukraine.
Debt collectors are unloved around the world, but some of the recent cases in Russia chill the blood. They have led to calls for a crackdown on collectors, along with concerns that new legislation would have little effect in a country where justice is often compromised by cash.
On January 27, the authorities said, a collector chasing down a 4,000-ruble ($53) debt threw a firebomb through a debtor's apartment window in the city of Ulyanovsk. It exploded near a sleeping 2-year-old boy, badly burning his face and 40 percent of his body.
A few days earlier, aggressive debt collectors were blamed when a Siberian logger who owed 3 million rubles ($40,000) killed his pregnant wife and their two children before turning the gun on himself.
And in December in the southern Rostov region, police with sniffer dogs and bomb-disposal technicians urgently evacuated a kindergarten after a teacher who owed money was told the premises would be blown up unless she paid.
Debt-retrieval agencies worldwide buy consumer credit owed to banks at knockdown rates and then chase down the debtors. But at the violent, loosely regulated end of Russia's debt-collection industry, the crossover with organized crime is palpable.
In the spotlight are "microfinancing organizations," which sounds like a euphemism for loan sharks and sometimes is. Small lenders that sometimes pay little regard to banking regulations, they hand out short-term loans to poorer clients at high rates -- and often have in-house debt collectors.
The firebombing in Ulyanovsk caused national uproar and has been blamed on one such organization, RosDengi, where the child's grandfather had taken out a 4,000-ruble loan for medicine that ballooned to 40,000 rubles ($530) as interest mounted. The debt collector arrested over the attack was reportedly a former police officer who had been fired after a theft conviction.
Disabled And Desperate
Sergei turned to a microfinancing organization in June 2015.
Suffering from scary, unexplained blackouts, he began costly medical treatment in March and took out loans for $200 and $130 so that he, his wife, and their year-old child could subsist until he was able to work again.
But in July he was diagnosed with a brain disease and pronounced "disabled" by doctors, ruling him out of work. He plowed his paltry monthly disability allowance of 8,500 rubles ($112) into loan repayments, but by December he couldn't keep up.
Sergei told the lender he was behind and asked for a reprieve, but the debt has continued to grow. He says he owes triple what he borrowed. He now works from home in logistics, having lied to his boss about his illness.
"I'm not scared of threats and intimidation," he says of debt collectors, but suggests that's because he has even bigger things to worry about. "I have a serious illness, I have everything to fear, and fearing people like this is stupid."
Delinquent consumer debt is not about to bring down Russia's economy, but the number of debtors is growing fast -- and that has given politicians grist for proposals to ban debt collectors outright ahead of parliamentary elections in September.
Unpaid consumer debt soared by 48 percent in 2015 and hit 1.15 trillion rubles ($15 billion), according to the Moscow-based United Credit Bureau, which tracks borrowing and compiles credit histories.
The United Credit Bureau tells RFE/RL the number of Russians late on consumer-credit payments rose from 8.5 million to 11.5 million in 2015. As of the end of the year, 7.3 million had not serviced their loans for longer than 90 days -- a technical cutoff date, meaning many are unlikely to pay at all.
In a country of 142 million people, there are 42.5 million Russians with loans and credit-card debt.
"Obviously, the bad debts have got worse this year with the crisis, but within fairly normal parameters," says Tom Adshead, a partner at Macro-Advisory, a Moscow-based financial consulting firm.
Preelection Populism
The parliamentary vote will be the biggest test of the electorate's mood since 2014, when the collapse of world oil prices hit the Russian economy hard and Western sanctions -- punishment for seizing Crimea and stoking a bloody conflict in eastern Ukraine -- increased its isolation.
President Vladimir Putin's poll ratings have suffered only limited damage so far. But the Kremlin has shown concern about the sentiment of his support base now that the unwritten pact of his first two terms -- I provide economic growth, you stay away from street protests -- is unraveling.
There has been no shortage of legislative proposals to rein in debt collectors in recent weeks.
In the wake of the firebombing in Ulyanovsk, the speaker of the upper parliament house, Valentina Matviyenko, on January 28 called for the activity of collection agencies to be halted entirely, pending new legislation that would regulate the industry.
On January 19, Vladimir Zhirinovsky's Liberal Democratic Party submitted a draft bill in the lower house, the State Duma, that would effectively outlaw collection agencies, as it proposes to prohibit the recouping of debts by any other entity than the original creditor -- the bank itself.
St. Petersburg legislators also jumped on the bandwagon, submitting proposals to the Duma that would make it illegal for collection agencies to pursue debts outside a courtroom.
Vitaly Milonov, a prominent antigay lawmaker in St. Petersburg, said on January 16 that he would battle against debt collectors with the same vigor he showed in promoting a law that banned the spread among children of the "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations."
"We recognize collectors as a new kind of homosexual," Milonov said.
The National Association for Professional Debt Collector Agencies, which says it represents collection agencies that make up 90 percent of the market, welcomes more regulation in the sector. It says that the problem lies largely with smaller agencies, and particularly "microfinance" organizations.
Association head Boris Voronin says nobody knows how many collection agencies there are in Russia.
Prosecutor-General Yury Chaika suggested in December that law enforcement lacks the tools to rein in the abusive ones, saying that while there had been 21,000 complaints about collection agencies since 2013 only a few have led to criminal cases. Collection agencies are "still not regulated by the federal law and are not licensed," Interfax quoted him as saying.
But Voronin dismissed the lawmakers' proposals as "preelection populism" linked to the September vote. "Naturally, over 40 million borrowers are a serious electorate and one that deputies would like to obtain," Voronin said. "Of this 40 million, over 10 million are debtors."
More likely to pass is a bill being drafted by the Economic Development Ministry, which could reach the Duma in March.
'Deadly Debts'
Meanwhile, the state has taken to prime-time television to warn Russians against predatory lenders.
Federal Investigative Committee spokesman Vladimir Markin, who unpacks a crime a week in a show on state-run TV, warned Russians about the perils of borrowing in a November episode called Deadly Debts. It featured the story of a man Markin said was murdered by a collector after he was fired from his job and got stuck in a spiral of debt.
Markin seemed to suggest that in such cases, some of the blame lies with the victim. "The saying goes that if you take what isn't yours for a time, then you will give up what is yours forever," Markin said. "You don't want to give back -- and that is when you are paid a visit by debt collectors who more and more often use criminal methods to squeeze out payments."
When Russia went capitalist after the 1991 Soviet collapse, it took a while for consumer lending to catch on.
As Russia recovered from the global economic crisis, borrowing more than doubled from 101 billion rubles in December 2008 to 210 billion rubles in December 2012, according to the central bank. Last year, the monthly figure averaged about 225 billion rubles.
In boom times before the 2008-09 crisis and the current slide, the country has been festooned with enticing advertisements for loans. One showed a wheelbarrow full of cash and the words "take as much as you want," and another featured American action-movie star Bruce Willis telling Russians, "When I need money, I just take it."
Adshead, of Macro-Advisory, is skeptical that more legislation will make a difference to thuggish debt-collector practices. "The problem is the standard problem with everything in Russia, which is that the courts don't work properly. There is room for criminal debt-collection agencies. And I would imagine that they have their various 'kryshas' allowing them to do nasty things," he says, using the Russian word for "roof" -- criminal slang for protection.
Stop Collector!
With legal protections weak, several support groups for victims of debt collectors have formed on social networks such as VKontakte. One of them, called Stop Collector!, is run by Aleksandr Naryshkin, a 31-year-old computer programmer in St. Petersburg who has received threats from collectors since 2013 -- including one in which he was told he would be enslaved as a prostitute.
Naryshkin said he was tricked into taking out a 350,000-ruble loan and then saddled with debt for the entire sum, plus interest. He has refused to pay, saying he is the victim of swindlers.
On his group, where thousands have turned for advice, he recommends debtors go to court and not cave in to threats by telephone, which he says seldom materialize.
Mikhail Karpenko, a lawyer in the industrial Urals, has helped Naryshkin's group by giving free legal advice to debtors. "In our region at least, Chelyabinsk Oblast, the population is heavily in debt. People just fall into a black hole of debt, and can't get out," Karpenko says. "In my opinion, we need to remove the entire institution of collectors."
But Sergei, in Voronezh, has little hope that the situation will improve. "Laws to help oligarchs are passed in the space of a week, while laws for people take years to pass," he says. "These draft bills are probably just PR."
Being gay in Uganda has never made for an easy life. I've long refused to hide my sexuality or to be ashamed of who I am. And I've had to accept that a certain amount of risk comes with speaking out, as I do regularly, about the injustices and abuse suffered by lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex (LGBTI) people in my country.
That being said, I was starting to feel as though there were reasons to be positive and to hope for change. The abominable Anti-Homosexuality Act, about which I wrote for the Guardian in 2014, was later rescinded. Our close community of activists committed to improving the lives of LGBTI Ugandans is vibrant and as strong a movement as it has ever been. Some of us have even received global recognition for our work. And so Uganda Pride 2016 was set to be a long overdue celebration of our hard work and resilience.
It was during these celebrations last week that my illusions of safety and hope were cruelly shattered.
Ugandan police raid LGBT fashion show Read more
Last Thursday, three days into Uganda Pride week, I was excited to attend the Mr and Miss Pride beauty pageant event at a nightclub in a Kampala suburb. The night ended in atrocities: violence, torture, arrest and the imprisonment of LGBTI people, including myself.
I was seated in the audience when Ugandan police armed to the teeth walked into the venue. They wanted to immediately stop the proceedings. As I started talking to them, they arrested me and my colleague, one of the Pride organisers. My hands were cuffed together with another friend who had organised the event that night. Sixteen of us were arrested for sitting enjoying ourselves, committing no known crime. I was then pushed under the seats of a police pick-up truck and, amid insults and abuse, driven at a high speed to the police station where I was detained for about two hours.
Other friends describe that some participants were being held at gunpoint at the club, as police forced them to sit on the ground and have their photos taken by journalists. Before I was taken from the club I saw police beating up transgender people, a trans woman was forcefully being dragged down the stairs by a man not in police uniform. Trans men and women were touched inappropriately as officers of the Ugandan police force tried to establish their “real gender”. They also pulled on a trans women's hair saying: “What is this? This is women's hair; you are a man.” I was told some police officers holding two men at gunpoint claimed that they were caught having sex. It is beyond me who would have the guts to have sex in that kind of situation.
We were arrested for enjoying ourselves, committing no known crime. I was then pushed under the seats of a police truck
At the police station, no one took our statements and we were literally thrown into police cells, where we were held for more than an hour. At some point during the night, inmates ordered us to bathe using a dirty water basin and a small piece of soap in a room lit only by a candle. I had to hand my clothes to another inmate who watched to make sure I bathed and there was only small a piece of cloth hanging by the bathroom door for privacy, what looked like an old torn curtain. The intention was clearly to humiliate and intimidate us. Some of my friends were beaten up for “not bathing properly”.
We were then called out of the police cell and paraded into a line and told that we would have to be physically checked to ascertain our gender. They had just picked out myself and five others when someone who was not in police uniform appeared and asked for us to all be released. I later learned that he was the police chief for the particular region.
There has been no apology. I still do not know under what law I was arrested and detained. None of us was committing a crime. While gay sex is illegal in Uganda, going to a nightclub with friends for a party is not. Neither do you have to obtain a licence from the police to do so, despite the inaccurate and offensive rant that Uganda's ethics and integrity minister, Simon Lokodo, posted over the weekend.
I am a gay Ugandan about to go home. This law will tyrannise my life | Frank Mugisha Read more
In it he says, “Government will not condone the promotion of the illegal activities of the LGBT movement.” And adds: “We wish to emphasise that whereas the promotion of homosexuality is criminalised under the penal code, there is no violence against the LGBTI community in Uganda – contrary to some claims made loosely by proponents of this movement.”
If I wasn't so deeply offended, I would laugh.
Lokodo may deny “allegations” that people were injured during the police raid, but what does he say to the man who jumped from the fourth floor of the building to escape police brutality? He ended up breaking two vertebrae. He is now under medication and requires at least $5,000 (£3,830) for treatment. There were all sorts of incidences of harassment and indecent treatment that caused both physical and emotional injuries to everyone at the party that night.
And oppression of LGBTI people is not just taking place in Uganda. We are also dismayed by what is happening in other African countries including Tanzania. We have heard that the government there has banned importation of lubricants, aimed at sending a message to the LGBTI community, and has even announced plans to suspend the registration of any charity or NGO that supports homosexuality.
To us, Lokodo says: “A programme to rehabilitate members of the LGBTI community, with the ultimate aim of giving them a chance to lead normal lives again has been developed.”
I say, no thank you. The problem is not who I am. The problem is how you treat me.
Any worries Ang Lee had about how the technologists at the Future of Cinema Conference would receive his presentation of footage from “Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk” were laid to rest on Saturday.
The presentation of an 11-minute sequence from the film in its native format (3D, at 4K resolution and 120 frames per second for each eye) electrified the conference in Las Vegas, leaving even experienced pros grasping for superlatives to convey what they had seen. Their praise wasn't reserved for the technology, but for the film itself as well.
Former Disney exec, now Society of Motion Picture Engineers (SMPTE) executive Howard Lukk told Variety moments after emerging from a showing “I'm stunned. It's a really powerful film, and a really clear presentation. It's the best 3D I've ever seen in my life. The 3D is really, really good on this thing. Absolutely amazing.”
Visual effects supervisor Dennis Muren was in the very first screening, along with “Avatar” producer Jon Landau, high-frame-rate pioneer Douglas Trumbull and numerous other VIPs. Muren, a friend of Lee's since they worked together on “Hulk,” told Variety, “I thought it was amazing and incredibly emotional. I started to talk to Ang about the technology stuff and said ‘What the heck am I talking about? It's an emotional film. I'm totally with this guy and the experience he's going through, as though I was there, at the moment, looking at it.' Muren, a fan of high frame rate cinema, said of the 120fps format, “You can see the difference. And feel the difference. It's really about feeling.”
Related Ang Lee Reveals Secrets of ‘Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk' (EXCLUSIVE) CinemaCon: ‘Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk' Could Bring Ang Lee Back to the Oscar Table
The big question many had coming in was: Will it look like television. The answer to that was “yes and no.” Several people felt that for the first few seconds, they thought it looked like a TV soap, but it quickly began to feel like nothing they'd seen before.
The sequence chosen for viewing is 11 minutes intercutting an Iraq War battle with a celebration of the soldiers at an NFL game in Dallas. The experience of the soldiers at home, as performers (almost props) in a celebration in a darkened stadium, contrasts with their firefight and hand-to-hand combat of the Iraq scenes.
The clarity and the almost VR-like sense of presence it creates gives the battle sequences a profound impact. One viewer said after emerging, “Every American ought to see this, this way; then we wouldn't have any wars for a while.”
Dolby VP of technology Pat Griffiss, who was in the first screening, called the footage “Absolutely spectacular.”
“When it first started up … I thought ‘Oh, this is going to look like a video newsreel.' But it was in 3D, the realism and the brightness and the frame rate, it was literally as if you were there.” Griffiss added, “This is undoubtedly the best 3D I've ever seen.”
Former Sony tech executive George Joblove, now an independent consultant, agreed about the you-are-there feeling of the video, but wasn't entirely sure that would be a plus. “I'm trying to decide whether it's my bias, as someone having grown up in the 20th century, and being used to the idea that narrative filmmaking should be at 24 frames per second to let you know you're watching a story. I wonder whether people younger than I am will have that bias. I will be curious to see what the public reaction to this will be, because it definitely makes you feel like you're there.”
Andrew Stucker, also a former Sony exec turned consultant, said “I was extraordinarily impressed. I didn't see a movie-like image, but I saw something entirely different. It was as immersive and involving an image play as I've ever seen.” Asked if it looked like video, he said “Not really. When you first look at it, you think, ‘Oh, that's video.' But it's an extension beyond video. Whatever that is, I'm not entirely sure, but it's more than video.”
By the time Lee took the panel to discuss the making of the film, there was a palpable sense of history being made. However that excitement was tempered by the knowledge that most of the public is unlikely to be able to see the film in this form. It was a shown on dual-projector setup specially assembled for the show, using high-end Christie projectors and Dolby 3D. Without dual projectors, no commercial movie theaters will be able to show 3D/4K/120. Even with dual projectors, the best format likely to be available is 3D/4K/60.
But still, at a Future of Cinema Conference, a glimpse of the future is what the attendees wanted; Sony and Lee gave it to them, and then some. Chief technology officer Jim Whittlesey of London-based Eikon Group, agreed that the footage felt like video at first bent beyond a video look. “I thought the images were absolutely stunning, some of the most beautiful images you'll ever see,” he said. “This is what cinema should be.
Photo
Douglas Rushkoff hurts the way only a onetime true believer can hurt. Before he taught at New York University and the New School, he was an early fan of the Internet. “I was a slacker, and it seemed like a way to slack,” he says. “We'd all work when we felt like it.” Instead of a contemplative paradise, however, the marriage of networked technology and capitalism tortures our consciousness with an incessant, demanding present. “We've attached ourselves to it,” he says; “We respond to things when it wants us to, which is all the time.”
Mr. Rushkoff is the author of “Present Shock: When Everything Happens Now,” a book that examines what it means to live in a world of incessant communication, multiple identities and a nearly apocalyptic sense of powerlessness in the face of global electronic connectivity. The book's title is a play on that of Alvin Toffler's 1970 landmark “Future Shock,” which posited that someday change would outpace our contemporary ability to adapt. Now, Mr. Rushkoff says, the acceleration of change is asymptotic, and the idea of adapting to achieve anything like tranquil thought is a receding speck in the rear-view mirror.
Following is an edited interview with the author, who stopped in San Francisco on his way between Los Angeles and New York.
Q.
You say we have “a new relationship with time.” What is it, and why is that a bad thing?
A.
What we've done has made time even more dense. On Facebook, your past comes into your present when someone from your second grade class suddenly pops up to send you a message, and your future is being manipulated by what Facebook knows to put in front of you next. Present shock interrupts our normal social flow.
It didn't have to be this way. When digital culture first came along, it was supposed to create more time, by allowing us to shift time around. Somehow instead we've strapped devices to ourselves that ping us all the time.
Q.
Hasn't time been collapsing for centuries? We moved from the rhythm of seasons to living by the clock in the Industrial Age. We've paced in front of the microwave for decades.
A.
Yes, but it has hit a point where we have lost any sense of analog time, the way a second hand sweeps around a clock. We've chosen the false “now” of our devices. It has led to a collapse of linear narratives and a culture where you have political movements demanding that everything change, now. The horrible truth is we are linear beings; we can't multitask, and we shouldn't keep interrupting important connections to each other with the latest message coming in.
Q.
It's a funny thing: the counterculture used to talk about “Be here now,” and the need to chase after self-awareness by seeking the eternal present. What is the difference between that world of the “now” and this one?
A.
People are seduced by signals from the world, but that is manipulation, not reality. Computers have learned more about us than we've learned about them.
Q.
In an earlier book, you wrote about the need for everyone to learn how to write in programming languages as a kind of basic literacy for how the world now works. How is that going?
A.
I learned Javascript, now I'm learning PHP and Python. Learning how to code really makes me understand that the world is made out of programs. Traffic is a grid with purposeful, embedded agendas, not a design of nature. Television is a read-only format. It's also a way to think critically about digital environments. I saw the motives and choices better by looking at how they were constructed.
Q.
Between learning to code, working as a digital literacy advocate at Codeacademy, and writing this book, what habits have you changed?
A.
I quit Facebook a couple of weeks ago. It's probably bad for sales, but it felt a little hypocritical to promote my book by soliciting a lot of “likes” that make users vulnerable to being used in ads. I don't mind Twitter, because I have a sense of control. With Facebook, I don't really know where my information is going, or how it's being used.
Q.
Reading a book takes time, and writing one takes even longer. Given how you feel about the world, how does doing one and expecting other people to do the other make any sense?
A.
I was anachronistic. I spent two years writing this. I'm asking people to give me six hours in which they read it. That's asking for more than the $26 to buy the book! But it was also an act of me claiming my time for myself. I hope people see reading this as a way to claim some of their time back too.
The headline unemployment rate might not be the best measure of jobs 12:42 PM ET Fri, 5 May 2017 | 00:45
The national unemployment rate fell to 4.4 percent in April, the Labor Department said Friday. But relying on that one headline number as an indicator for the economy as a whole ignores important information just below the surface.
Each month on "Jobs Friday," the Bureau of Labor Statistics puts out a trove of economic data, each of which provides its own perspective on the labor market and the employment situation. Economists look past the official unemployment rate — that 4.4 percent figure, also known as the "U-3" — to other metrics that give their own view of jobs in the country.
One of those figures is called the U-6 rate, which has a broader definition of unemployment than does the U-3. In April, that number fell three-tenths of a point to 8.6 percent.
Louisiana Supreme Court
The Catholic Diocese of Baton Rouge issued a statement Monday, July 7, 2014, criticizing a decision by the Louisiana Supreme Court to revive a lawsuit brought against the diocese and a priest compels the priest to testify in court about a confession he might have received.
(Lauren McGaughy, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune)
The Catholic Diocese of Baton Rouge has issued a statement decrying a decision by the Louisiana Supreme Court that could compel a local priest to testify in court about confessions he might have received. The alleged confessions, according to legal documents, were made to the priest by a minor girl regarding possible sexual abuse perpetrated by another church parishioner.
The statement, published Monday (July 7) on the diocese's website, said forcing such testimony "attacks the seal of confession," a sacrament that "cuts to the core of the Catholic faith."
The statement refers to a lawsuit naming the Rev. Jeff Bayhi and the Catholic Diocese of Baton Rouge as defendants and compels Bayhi to testify whether or not there were confessions "and, if so, what the contents of any such confessions were."
"A foundational doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church for thousands of years mandates that the seal of confession is absolute and inviolable," the statement says. "The position of the Diocese of Baton Rouge and Fr. Bayhi is that the Supreme Court of Louisiana has run afoul of the constitutional rights of both the Church and the priest, more particularly, has violated the Establishment Clause and the separation of Church and State under the first amendment."
The state high court's decision, rendered in May of this year, demands that a hearing be held in 19th Judicial District Court in Baton Rouge, where the suit originated, to determine whether or not a confession was made. It reverses an earlier decision by the Louisiana First Circuit Court of Appeals dismissing the original lawsuit filed against Bayhi and the diocese.
The case stems from a claim by parents of a minor that their daughter confessed to Bayhi during the sacrament of reconciliation that she engaged in inappropriate sexual behavior with grown man who also attended their church. Court documents indicate the child was 12 years old at the time of the alleged sexual abuse.
A criminal investigation by East Feliciana Sheriff's Office into the alleged sexual abuse was ongoing when the accused church member died suddenly in February 2009 of a heart attack.
The civil lawsuit in question, filed five months later in July 2009, names the late sexual abuse suspect, as well as Bayhi and the Baton Rouge diocese, as defendants. The suit seeks damages suffered as a result of the sexual abuse, noting that abuse continued following the alleged confessions.
The petitioners claimed Bayhi was negligent in advising the minor regarding the alleged abuse and failed his duty as a mandatory reporter in compliance with the Louisiana Children's Code. It also holds the diocese liable for failing to properly train the priest regarding mandatory reporting of sexual abuse of minors. Defendants claimed, in addition to other points of law, that only the sexual abuse suspect was liable for the suffering the minor endured.
Bayhi acted appropriately in refusing to testify, the statement says, and the nature of "sacred communications" received during confession are confidential and legally exempt from mandatory reporting.
"This is not a gray area in the doctrines of the Roman Catholic Church," it says, noting a priest or confessor who violates the seal of confession is automatically excommunicated, barring action from the Pope. The statement also says the church is willing to take the issue to the U.S. Supreme Court.
"For a civil court to impinge upon the freedom of religion is a clear violation and the matter will be taken to the highest court in the land by the Church in order to protect its free exercise of religion."
The original petition filed in District Court remains under seal, the statement says, but the opinion issued by the appeals court and the writ opinion by the state Supreme Court are not. Though the diocese said it doesn't normally comment on pending litigation, it issued the statement Monday, spokesperson Donna Carville said, ahead of a news report by a local TV station on the matter in order to inform its parishioners of the church's position. The Rev. Paul Counce alerted St. Joseph's Cathedral churchgoers at Sunday mass on July 6 that the diocese would release a statement Monday on a lawsuit.
The sexual abuse was alleged to have occurred in 2008. Both the girl and the alleged abuser were members of Our Lady of the Assumption Catholic Church in Clinton, where Bayhi was a pastor. The petition alleged that on three separate dates in July 2008, the child told Bayhi a church member had inappropriately touched her, kissed her and told her "he wanted to make love to her." Court documents also say the alleged abuser communicated excessively with the girl over email and asked that she keep their relationship private.
The child testified during deposition that Bayhi's advice to her was to handle the issue herself because "too many people would be hurt." Court documents also say she testified, "He just said, this is your problem. Sweep it under the floor."
The appeals court found that because the confession was "clearly" made during the sacrament of reconciliation, it was considered confidential communication; therefore the priest was not a mandatory reporter. It also found that District Court Judge Michael Caldwell erred in denying the diocese a motion to prevent the minor from testifying about the confession.
The Louisiana Supreme Court said in its ruling that the priest's confidentiality can only be claimed "on behalf of" the confessee, so the priest can't claim confidentiality to protect himself since the girl waived her privilege. It maintains that the confession, then, wasn't "privileged communication," so he should possibly be subjected to mandatory reporting laws.
The Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests, an organization known as SNAP, issued a release Monday (July 7) to NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune regarding the Louisiana ruling, which it called "unusual."
"This is what happens when Catholic officials conceal child sex crimes for decades -- they lose credibility among judges," SNAP Director David Clohessy said. "And this is what happens when Catholic officials deliberately and deceptively exploit confessional confidentiality."
The organization did not take a position on the specific ruling in its statement but points out that Catholic officials have in the past claimed conversations about abuse were confessions in order to cover up the truth. "We hope that's not the case here," Clohessy said.
According to a worrying new report, your doctor's more likely to kill you than chronic respiratory disease. In fact, medical errors - whether that's a surgical complication or the wrong dose of medication - are now the third leading cause of death in the United States.
After analysing eight years of official cause-of-death data, researchers have found that more than 250,000 people are killed each year in the US as a result of medical mistakes. That's 9.7 percent of all deaths in the country.
To be clear, that doesn't mean healthcare practitioners are out to get you or are intentionally harming patients. Mistakes included in the report ranged from poor communication to simple, honest-to-god accidents. But despite everyone's best intentions, the fact of the matter is that the only conditions more deadly than human error at the moment are cancer and heart disease, according to the new study.
"It boils down to people dying from the care that they receive rather than the disease for which they are seeing care," lead researcher Martin Makary, a professor of surgery at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, told The Washington Post.
The most alarming part of all this is that, even though we've all heard the occasional horror story about someone waking up during surgery or being diagnosed with the wrong condition, by-and-large, most of us assume medical care is generally pretty safe.
Makary and his team believe this is a symptom of the way the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) collect health statistics each year - although medical errors can be detailed on a death certificate, the annual mortality stats only take into account the underlying cause of death, not the potential medical failures that led to it.
For example, if a surgeon nicks a woman's liver during surgery and she dies of haemorrhage the cause-of-death goes down as cardiovascular, rather than a surgical error.
"Incidence rates for deaths directly attributable to medical care gone awry haven't been recognised in any standardised method for collecting national statistics," said Makary.
In an open letter accompanying the study, which appears in The BMJ, Makary and his team urge the CDC to change the way it collects this data, and to update its official list to include medical error as the third biggest killer in the country (a position officially held at current by chronic respiratory disease, which causes around 150,000 deaths each year).
To figure out how many people are killed each year by medical mistakes, the team looked at four separate studies into medical death rate data from 2000 to 2008. Then, using hospital admission rates, they calculated that in 2013, 251,454 deaths would likely have arisen from errors in the healthcare system.
Here's how other conditions stacked up that same year:
Heart disease - 614,348 Cancer - 591,699 Medical error - 251,454 Chronic lower respiratory disease - 147,101 Accidents - 136,053 Strokes - 133,103 Alzheimer's - 93,541 Diabetes - 76,488 Flu/pneumonia - 55,227 Kidney disease - 48,146
In the official CDC list, medical error doesn't even rank. And that's a big deal, because its absence means that research into fixing the problem isn't funded.
"Top-ranked causes of death as reported by the CDC inform our country's research funding and public health priorities," said Makary. "Right now, cancer and heart disease get a ton of attention, but since medical errors don't appear on the list, the problem doesn't get the funding and attention it deserves."
Right now because so little research has been done into the problem, it's hard to say exactly what it'll take to fix the problem.
But the researchers admit that the most important step - and also the biggest challenge - is finding a way to encourage doctors to discuss and report medical errors transparently, without the stigma surrounding the issue. After all, let's face it, none of us ever like to admit we're wrong, particularly if doing so might get us sued.
"We all know how common it is," Makary told The Washington Post. "We also know how infrequently it's openly discussed ... Measuring the problem is the absolute first step."
Let's hope studies like this, which acknowledge there's a problem to begin with, are a good starting point.
RENTON, Wash. -- Saturday's loss to the Arizona Cardinals was a tale of two halves for the Seattle Seahawks' offense.
In the first two quarters, they managed just three points on seven possessions. In the second half, they scored four touchdowns.
The Seahawks' offense took a good while to get going last weekend against Arizona. Joe Nicholson/USA TODAY Sports
Pete Carroll said after the game that the issues in the first half started up front, but associate head coach/offensive line coach Tom Cable pointed out Wednesday that the problems were not just with the offensive line.
"I think the thing that's missing here is that it's an across-the-board thing," Cable said. "I think we have to become a little more complete in our maturity across the board on offense -- not just talking about the offensive line, but everybody. Because in the first half, nobody was any good. In the second half, everybody was really good. So I think you have to own the truth there. And that's what we're trying to do."
Later, when asked whether the offensive line's issues were more at tackle or on the interior, Cable said, "There's a lot going on. There are 11 dudes in the huddle, so I think that's more the issue than anything else."
As for personnel, Cable said the Seahawks are sticking with Garry Gilliam at right tackle, and he praised rookie right guard Germain Ifedi. "Last few weeks, he's been fairly dominant," Cable said, adding that he wants to see Ifedi cut down on the false starts.
The offensive line's issues have been a topic of conversation all year long, and that will likely continue into the offseason. Carroll was asked how much input Cable gets in choosing the guys he's going to be coaching.
"He plays a role," Carroll said. "The coaches have an evaluation process that we do that is part of the process. We ask for his expertise at times in certain situations, more so than others. He's involved like all of our coaches are. They have their part of it. Then it gets turned into the personnel side of it. They don't have a final say on what's going on. They don't pick the players."
Added Cable, "We work on that together. Here you're fortunate because you do have a voice. We've been so good for all these years. Everybody likes to hit the panic button, but I don't, we don't. It's just a matter of being truthful, own the truth. First time we haven't been a great rushing team, OK. A lot of battles for that. So you just keep building it back until you get it right.
"Everyone says, 'This team is better than that team.' Not really. We're all just getting ready to find out."
When broth comes to mind, people think boxed chicken or beef stock commonly found on your local supermarket shelves. These conventional broths are often produced in mass quantities, are laden with salt, MSG, and other preservatives, and ultimately contain few nutrients.
In recent years, numerous Paleo followers have praised the consumption of home cooked bone broth on a regular basis for its beneficial healing properties. Specifically, bone broth contains key nutrients such as collagen, glucosamine, and gelatin that are relatively non-existent in the modern western diet. These nutrients are essential for maintaining a healthy gut. Individuals suffering from digestive problems such as leaky gut, IBS, SIBO, or flora imbalance can aid in their healing by regularly consuming bone broth.
Bones are quite easy to come by and are generally inexpensive, thus making the addition of bone broth to your diet a no-brainer.
As you would other foods, source your bones. Ideally you want to search for bones from grass fed cattle or bison, pastured poultry, or wild caught fish. If your local butcher does not carry grass-fed bones, U.S. Wellness Meats and Tropical Traditions are excellent companies for sourcing quality bones.
Best yet, preparing bone broth is simple and requires only a few ingredients and cookware.
Ingredients
Serves 3-4
1-2 lbs bones
1 T Apple Cider Vinegar
Choice Vegetables
Directions
1. Place one to two pounds of bones into a crock-pot or large stock-pot and cover with cold water. Optional: Roast bones beforehand at 375° F to make a darker stock. 2. Add 1 tbsp. of apple cider vinegar. The apple cider vinegar assists in extracting the nutrients from the bones. 3. For taste, add your choice of vegetables. I often add fresh chopped herbs, pepper, garlic, and onions.
4. Place a lid over the pot and set to low or simmer. Feel free to skim any particles from the stock's surface while it is cooking. 5. For chicken and fish bone stock a minimum 4 hour cook time is necessary. Beef and bison bone stock will be ready in a minimum of 6 hours. I personally let my stock cook for 24 hours, and many others will often let their stock cook for 48 hours.
Storage
6. To prevent your stock from going bad, it is important to cool the stock as soon as you are done cooking it. 7. Pour the stock into multiple airtight containers and store what you are going to consume over the next three days in your refrigerator.
8. The rest of your storage containers should be transferred to the freezer and thawed when needed to prevent rancidity. 9. Heat the refrigerated stock on your stovetop before consuming. 10. Enjoy! Your gut will thank you!
Kyle Cordain, The Paleo Diet Team
MLS fans around the US and Canada have probably grown accustomed to the confetti cannons and celebrations around expansion teams – there have been 11 such announcements in the last decade and Friday's announcement that Minnesota United FC will begin play in 2017 was just the latest.
But for many, including Minnesota's majority owner Dr. Bill McGuire, the transformation of Minnesota United from a league-owned club in the second division into a top-tier side with a future soccer-specific stadium in Saint Paul and backed by many of Minnesota's wealthiest families is as remarkable as it is jarring.
In 2012, McGuire's then son-in-law and now club president, Nick Rogers, dragged the former United Healthcare CEO to the first leg of the NASL final in Blaine, Minnesota. The Minnesota Stars hosted the Tampa Bay Rowdies on a sharp-toothed, cold October evening. There were 4,642 fans who filled the stands – at that time a bumper crowd – and the atmosphere was electric.
The Stars had gone up on a goal from Amani Walker in the 67th minute. However, it was the second goal from Martin Nunez (though center back Connor Tobin still claims that he connected on the goal) in the fourth minute of stoppage time that would not only seal a 2-0 first leg victory, but likely saved the team from going out of business.
The Stars would go on to lose in an agonizing penalty shootout in Tampa, but it was that goal that sealed the fate of Minnesota soccer. After the ball went over the line, players darted toward the Dark Clouds supporters group, who in turn became a turbulent wave that crashed over the sideboards and onto the players.
They sang, “The team that nobody wanted, the team that nobody wanted, the team that nobody wanted, is going to win the cup!” It was a song that emerged in 2011, when the owner-less club beat impossible odds to win the NASL final, a typical song from the Dark Clouds: ironic, self-deprecating, and celebratory.
And it was that night that convinced McGuire to purchase the team and save it from extinction. When McGuire remembers that night, he thinks of “the [second] goal being scored, smoke going off, and the fans breaking down a fence. And the players hugging the fans. I just said, ‘Wow, having watched guys running for 90 minutes with this kind of emotion, something that's intimate and personal – what a great sport.' And I thought to myself, ‘This is great, we need to have the world's game here.'”
The Team that Nobody Wanted
That night remains etched in the memories of anyone in those stands. There was a “last night on Earth” feeling that pervaded the National Sports Center in Blaine. Everyone there knew that their club was on the chopping block as the NASL considered pulling its support.
That feeling of dread – the feeling of year after year not knowing if you will have a club to support next season – will have been running through the back of many heads as they watched the MLS festivities on Friday. Even before the Minnesota Thunder folded in 2009, soccer in Minnesota consisted of the pendulum swings from false dawns to bleak sunsets.
The years of tumult certainly will be on the mind of Teresa Peterson, who started supporting the team in 2007. She remembers the relief of hearing about Bill McGuire purchasing the Stars: “We went through so many years of not knowing if we'd have a team next year. So when Dr. McGuire said he was buying the team, I knew that they would be here in the future.”
Bruce McGuire, for years the voice of Minnesota soccer through his website du Nord Futbol, echoes that sentiment when he reflects: “For the first time ever we have a real ownership with deep pockets that can move the team forward. Prior to that, every season we wondered if it was just done: year after year and it prevented building momentum because at the end of every season we just didn't know if we'd have a season next year.”
Fans like Bruce and Teresa, have followed Minnesota soccer under four different names in the past decade. It wasn't long ago that you would watch a Thunder or Stars game with fewer than 1,000 fans in the seats.
As Bruce remembers it, in those days, “There was no atmosphere. Even if it was a decent-sized crowd, it was very strange. It seemed like the majority of the crowd was families with kids and it was an outing rather than a sporting event.”
During the Minnesota Stars era – when the club was league-owned – the entire team was run with a staff of around 4-6 employees. One of those was assistant coach and player, Kevin Friedland, who would finish training every day and walk into the office so he could fulfill some jersey orders.
Alex Haueter served as the director of media and public relations from 2010 to 2013 and remembers when the entire team staff worked in a 20'x30' converted locker room. When asked to reflect back on that period, his voice is heavy: “I don't wish trying to run a pro team on a staff of five people on anyone. We were lucky to put in a 50-hour week before a home game rolled around.”
Minnesota United saw close to 5,000 supporters RSVP to attend their announcement on Friday in Saint Paul. That number would have been a good attendance just five years ago for the NSC Minnesota Stars.
A Permanent Home
When Bill McGuire took over the club, the office went from four to 40 and the numbers of fans has steadily increased. But if the change from an average of 1,000 fans to over 8,000 fans has been jarring for longtime supporters, the move to the approximate 22,000-seat, soccer-specific stadium in 2018 will be even more so.
The transition means the shift away from the intimacy of the old days when a solitary heckling voice could break through the still air with the hope that it could evince a response. A player might flip you off or his teammates might crack up around him.
But the prospect of a permanent home for the Loons and filling it out with fans pushes nostalgia off to the dusty corners. Even before ground has been broken, the Dark Clouds (Minnesota's biggest and oldest supporters' group) have nicknamed the new soccer stadium “Cloud City” (a Star Wars reference for the futuristic design, their own name, as well as contrasting it to the “Sandcrawler” of the NFL Vikings' new stadium).
One of the Dark Clouds capos, Abe Opoti, is a recent convert to the Loons (he started attending matches regularly in 2015) and so he missed out on much of the team's tumultuous past.
However, he is still focused on the idea of permanence for the club. Of all the changes coming for the team, Opoti says he's most “excited about ‘Cloud City,' to finally have a home that's our own, where we're not interlopers. I'm excited to keep partying with a great community of people.”
Bruce McGuire, too, anticipates the permanent marker of a stadium.
“The day that they break ground on the stadium, it will all feel real to me. Because that will be a moment of permanence, It's going to show me that something I've been in love with since I was a kid is here. It will be a relief and it will be an excitement for the next generation. This is going to be normal for them.”
With Friday's announcement comes the unburdening of the shoulders, a relief. No longer the team that nobody wanted, the Loons are now a team that has multiple owners, a big city and an entire league behind them.
Distilled to its simplest form, Mr. McCain's argument is that withdrawing from Iraq would make Americans less safe in the long run, because a withdrawal would embolden Al Qaeda, put American interests at risk in the Middle East, and make an already volatile region less safe.
Senators Obama and Clinton have tacked in the opposite direction. Iraq, they argue, makes Afghanistan more dangerous. The Iraq war, Mr. Obama told an audience of supporters in Houston last Tuesday, “distracted us from the fight that needed to be fought in Afghanistan against Al Qaeda. They're the ones who killed 3,000 Americans.” He has said that if elected, he would deploy at least two additional brigades in Afghanistan.
Senator Clinton, who has been to Afghanistan three times, holds a similar position, her aides say, except they say that she hasn't specified how many additional brigades she would send to Afghanistan because she wants to further explore the security situation there first. Mrs. Clinton has proposed appointing a special envoy to deal with the Afghanistan/Pakistan border.
“There is a theater of war, that I would call AfPak, with two fronts — an eastern front and a western front,” said Richard Holbrooke, the former United States ambassador to the United Nations and a supporter of Mrs. Clinton's. “I believe that we will look back ten years from now and say that AfPak was even more important to our national security than Iraq.”
For the Democrats, who have a base of support that clearly wants out of Iraq, framing the issue in terms of Afghanistan makes it a lot easier, politically, to pull out of Iraq. But leaving Iraq will be no easy thing. Experts who side with Mr. McCain argue that a quick American exit from Iraq could lead to a conflagration in the Middle East that could end up involving Saudi Arabia and Iran in a Shia-Sunni-Kurd war — a conflict that would have few winners and would likely produce an enormous number of civilian casualties.
Beyond that, the logistics of pulling out 130,000 troops from Iraq would be daunting, and it could take close to a year to get all the equipment out. Indeed, some military experts say that if the United States military was given a year to exit Iraq, it would be so consumed with the logistics that it wouldn't be able to do anything else.
Defense Secretary Robert Gates entered the fray earlier this month, for a moment sounding almost like the (gasp!) Clinton and Obama camps by urging Europeans to draw a distinction between the wars. During remarks on his way to Munich to take the Europeans to task for not sending enough troops to support NATO in Afghanistan, Mr. Gates said part of the problem was that many Europeans were conflating Iraq with Afghanistan.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I worry that for many Europeans the missions in Iraq and Afghanistan are confused,” Mr. Gates said. “I think they combine the two.” It was an unusually candid acknowledgment from a senior member of the Bush administration that the war in Iraq had exacted a cost, in NATO's chances for victory in Afghanistan. Many Europeans, Mr. Gates said, “have a problem with our involvement in Iraq and project that to Afghanistan, and do not understand the very different — for them — the very different kind of threat.”
The problem is, with the United States Army stretched thin in Iraq, the Bush administration has, thus far, been left to hector its NATO allies to send additional troops to handle the growing Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan. And European populations generally disapprove of their troops being sent into harm's way in Afghanistan. No surprise, given the opposition on the streets of Europe to the American invasion of Iraq. That's what Mr. Gates means when he says that Europeans conflate the two: Why help the United States in Afghanistan, the European logic goes, when America would be able to handle Afghanistan much more easily if its G.I.'s weren't bogged down in Iraq?
In any case, the dynamics of the two conflicts are not the same, many foreign policy experts stress. The rapidly deteriorating situation on the Afghanistan/Pakistan border, the Musharraf government's increased inability to confront Islamist insurgents in its border provinces, combined with the resurgent Taliban in Afghanistan have turned AfPak into America's No. 1 national security problem, these experts say, even as parts of Iraq seem to have quieted since more American troops were sent there last year. Conditions in Pakistan became even more volatile on Monday after the party of President Pervez Musharraf suffered a drubbing in parliamentary elections, leading some to question how long Mr. Musharraf will be able to cling to power and how much of his already diminished authority he can retain. And Pakistan, the experts say, is inextricably linked to Afghanistan.
“Losing Afghanistan would be far more consequential than losing Iraq,” says Bruce Hoffman, a Georgetown University professor who was an adviser on counterterrorism to the Coalition Provisional Authority in Baghdad in 2004. “If Pakistan, especially along the border, fell into complete disarray, the integrity of the Afghan country and its government will be even more threatened, and that would have far greater repercussions for us.”
It's been a little quiet on the Skullgirls front over the past few weeks but some new screenshots surfaced recently of newly announced character, Valentine. A few impressions were translated from a recent preview on Basgrospoing.fr via NeoGAF as well giving us a better idea how the character plays not to mention a handful of screenshots of Painwheel too. Check it out after the jump.
From Crocodile:
-Character wasn't done but still felt and played solidly, lots of useful normals at all strength levels
-Idle stance the same as that of Mai from KOF (LOLZ :P)
-Quick and mobile character. Forward air dash similar to that of Super Skrull (up & forward). For backwards ground/air dash she spins backwards in a ball (like a Blanka Ball)
-Uses syringes filled with poison. Have to fill up syringe first before deployment. Doesn't poison in the traditional sense (drain life) but rather affect various attributes of your opponents. For example, you can mess with the recovery frames of your opponents moves. (I guess more recovery on all your moves if you're poisoned)
-Only one super was available - She throws a quick volley of scalpels across the screen (think Sheik's B move from Smash Bros- Needle Storm)
-Has some sort of mechanic using corpses found on the ground but it wasn't fully implemented yet
-Overall quick and light on her feet; slower than Chipp but faster than Bang
New Glarus Brewing will start offering cans of its beers beginning sometime this summer, president and founder Deb Carey said Wednesday.
Moon Man pale ale will be the first of the brewery's products to hit the shelves after the addition of an $8 million canning line is completed, she said.
The lighter-weight cans will have positive environmental impact by reducing costs of transportation, Carey said.
A host of Wisconsin companies are involved with installing the canning line, which will fill 600 cans a minute, and creating the packaging, she said.
Carey said she expects the brewery will can its flagship Spotted Cow cream ale at some point as well.
Wednesday's news came from an unexpected source: a video posted on Snapchat by former U.S. Sen. Russ Feingold with the caption “Breaking News: New Glarus canned beer coming this summer.”
Carey said the company did not plan to make the announcement Wednesday, but Feingold, who is running against Sen. Ron Johnson to reclaim his former seat, noticed the canning line while touring the brewery and — with Carey's blessing — shared the news on the smartphone application. The brewery later announced it on Instagram.
New Glarus will be the largest independent Wisconsin craft brewer to offer its beer in cans. Middleton-based Capital Brewery has offered cans for years, and Madison's Ale Asylum added the packaging to its mix in 2015. Milwaukee's Lakefront Brewery said in January that it would be adding canned beer to its lineup this year.
Carey said New Glarus' plan to can is a response to the growing market for its beer in Wisconsin, the only place where it can be bought.
“We're on fire, and we're just trying to keep up with demand,” Carey said. “We just make what the people of Wisconsin are looking for.”
As a group of Cornell physicists have recently discovered, atoms won't move while observing them. In their tests graduate students Yogesh Patil and Srivatsan Chakram locked a particular gas, consisting of roughly a billion Rubidium atoms, in a vacuum chamber to cool. They then dangled the mass between a set of laser beams, so that the atoms would arrange the same way they would in a crystalline solid.
Because these atoms are concealed away at such low temperatures, they're able to move around freely by "tunneling" to different positions. This means that when you look at them, they could be anywhere within the arranged lattice.
But, when researchers would take a look at the atoms, they realized that the tunneling would come to a halt. This is the "Quantum Zeno effect," ladies and gentlemen, and as scientists have discovered, it's very real. The Zeno effect was proposed by E.C. George Sudarshan and Baidyanath Misra at UT Austin in 1977. It was then that it was first suggested that repeated measurements would, oddly enough, bring quantum systems to a pause.
Previously, the Zeno effect could only be exhibited by spinning subatomic particles.
"This is the first observation of the Quantum Zeno effect by real space measurement of atomic motion," said Cornell's assistant professor of physics Mukund Vengalattore.
Additionally, he noted that because of the experiments conducted by he and his students, they've been able to 'tune' the way they look at atoms. This, in turn, allows them to perform 'emergent classicality,' an effect that suppresses the Zeno effect, allowing researchers to proceed with their observations.
This can allegedly allow scientists to wield the quatum states of atoms in their own favor, leading to the conception of new types of sensors.
ADVERTISEMENT
It's finally semi-official. With his last two opponents, Ted Cruz and John Kasich, out of the race, Donald Trump is now the Republican Party's presumptive nominee for president. As Kublai Khan conquered the ancient Song Empire of China to become its first barbarian emperor, Trump swooped down and conquered the once-mighty party of Lincoln. Now that party has to figure out how to respond.
For the people who make their living crafting policy papers and political strategy, Trump's ascendancy presents both an opportunity and a threat. On the one hand, because he comes into the position of nominee with a much thinner infrastructure than is typical, Trump has a huge number of slots to fill — including at the highest level. Plus, Trump has shown a distinct preference, both in his brief political career, in his business career, and even in his personal life, for people with non-traditional qualifications (or few qualifications at all), and a willingness to promote quickly to very senior positions.
The opportunity is there, in other words, for bold and aggressive staffers to leapfrog over more typical choices for a host of quite senior positions. Notwithstanding the risk that, if Trump loses badly, eagerness to have welcomed our new insect overlords proves a permanent career liability, we're probably about to see a version of "Political Apprentice" play out on a massive scale.
For the conservative movement, meanwhile, Trump poses a bleak choice. They can attempt to negotiate from a position of weakness — demanding a vice president who they consider politically reliable, for example — and risk finding themselves humiliated as Trump ignores them and does whatever he wants. They can protest by mounting a third party challenge, give Clinton an electoral landslide, and render themselves permanently radioactive in the eyes of both Trump's own loyalists and the bulk of the party political leadership. Or they can focus their attention elsewhere — on Congress, for example — and live with the dread that, if Trump wins without any help from them, they will have neutered themselves permanently in the eyes of the party as a whole.
But what neither of these groups is likely to do is consider: Why did this happen? And what does it tell us about what we should be doing differently?
Why am I so sure of this? Three reasons.
First of all, the past few electoral cycles provide ample evidence that the national GOP and the conservative movement are alike institutionally incapable of responding to external stimuli. After the manifest discontent of the 2012 primary season, followed by the Romney loss (which much of the GOP establishment was genuinely shocked by), one would have expected the GOP brain trust to wonder: How do we keep our people down on the farm and see Paree? What set of policies and postures would both win the trust of our core voters and have potential appeal in a general election?
But the brain trust did no such thing. Instead, it immediately doubled down on precisely the conventional wisdom on the right prior to the 2012 election: Downplay divisive social issues, appeal more to ethnic and racial minorities with immigration reform and school choice, and otherwise stick with tax cuts, regulatory relief, and a bellicose foreign policy. That's a policy mix that was guaranteed to further irritate their own base — but also one with no demonstrated appeal to the general electorate. But that was the Kool-Aid they had, so they went searching for a new bottle to pour it into.
And then, throughout the 2016 campaign, most of the GOP candidates for president attacked Trump primarily for not drinking the same Kool-Aid as the rest of them. It never seemed to occur to anyone that, if Trump was winning while saying that the Iraq War was a disaster, that maybe the GOP base didn't share elite GOP opinion about the worthiness of that adventure. With that kind of record, why should anyone assume that they would even notice that the barbarians have sacked the capitol?
Second, they can tell themselves that if Trump loses, he'll have done their work for them. Trump, after all, won by opposing precisely their recommendations — by alienating racial and ethnic minorities with his talk of Mexican rapists and banning Muslims from American soil. And he also traduced conservative shibboleths across the board, praising eminent domain and professing little concern about who uses which bathroom.
So if Trump loses, establishmentarians can say that his nativism was to blame, and true-blue movement types can say that he lost because alienated conservatives stayed home. Neither camp has any incentive to wonder how they could have lost this time, because if Trump loses they can convince themselves that their old formulas will surely win next time.
Finally, if Trump somehow wins the general election (and that isn't at all impossible, though the odds are surely against it), then that will have done their work for them. After all, Trump isn't taking the nomination at the head of an institutional insurgency, as Reagan did and as Cruz intended to. He's a celebrity candidate with virtually no infrastructure around him. And he's running as a Republican. If he wins, Republicans win. So from an employment perspective, what's not to like about a winner, whoever he happens to be?
Moreover, the GOP can still try to convince itself — with some evidence — that Trump will prove exceedingly malleable policy-wise. After all, he doesn't think about policy much, and surely believes that his voters aren't primarily motivated by issues but by his own personal awesomeness. And on many issues Trump is far less-heterodox than his rhetoric suggests. Consider Trump's tax plan, or his health care plan. Trump's efforts look like more amateurish and exaggerated versions of precisely the sorts of "plans" that GOP candidates have been proposing for the past several cycles. They involve enormous tax cuts for the top income brackets and corporations, and ripping up ObamaCare to replace it with nothing.
Trump has been emphatic enough about physically building a wall between the U.S. and Mexico that it would be difficult for him not to break ground somewhere, but apart from that particular promise it isn't hard to see how he could be induced to jettison most of his heterodoxy during the transition, if not during the campaign. And to the extent that he doesn't, well, most policy is made by staffers anyway. Staffers who are going to mostly be the sorts of people who are in Reince Priebus' contacts rather than in Trump's.
Once he was emperor, Kublai Khan famously decreed the building of a stately pleasure dome at Xanadu — just the sort of thing one can imagine Donald Trump doing. But to govern China, he relied on Han Chinese advisors, and ran his empire according to traditional Chinese models. Trump the barbarian may wind up being "civilized" by his conquest in much the same manner.
A Garden Grove mother who allegedly allowed her baby boy to suffocate in a pile of clothes after she went on a Halloween drinking binge will be arraigned Tuesday in Santa Ana.
Corrina Atuatasi, 27, is charged with involuntary manslaughter, child abuse and a sentencing enhancement for causing great bodily injury to a child under the age of 5. She faces 12 years in prison if convicted, Orange County prosecutors said.
Atuatasi allegedly left her 2-month-old child in her apartment while she went outside to smoke a cigarette and to a neighbor's apartment for drinks.
Prosecutors said the mother later returned and retrieved her son, put him in a car seat and carried him to the neighbor's apartment, where she continued drinking for several hours, leaving the baby in a bedroom in the car seat, according to a statement from the Orange County district attorney's office.
After Atuatasi returned home with the baby at about 4 a.m., the boy ended up face-down in a pile of clothing, where he suffocated, authorities said.
About two hours later, Atuatasi allegedly woke up and called 911 to report that she could not find her baby. The child was dead by the time emergency responders arrived.
Atuatasi had a blood alcohol level of .23% -- nearly three times the legal limit -- as of 8 a.m., prosecutors said.
ALSO:
Snake infestation hits California high school
Occupy L.A. protesters to seek court order to block eviction
Proving a crime in Wal-Mart pepper spray attack could be difficult
-- Abby Sewell
Photo: Corrina Atuatasi. Credit: Garden Grove Police Department / KTLA-TV
Institutional Investor's latest survey of the 25 highest-paid hedge fund managers is out, and -- if you can believe it -- the 25 men who made the "rich list" are very, very, very rich.
These men (they are all men, natch) made a combined $21 billion in 2013. And while it's tempting to dismiss a report on an assorted crew of hedge funders as just another of many generic and demoralizing reminders about the of the obscene wealth of the .01 percent, New York Times columnist Paul Krugman points out in his Friday column that the "good fortunes" of these rich dudes actually expose a lot of the lies we're told about income inequality in America:
Advertisement:
First, modern inequality isn't about graduates. It's about oligarchs. Apologists for soaring inequality almost always try to disguise the gigantic incomes of the truly rich by hiding them in a crowd of the merely affluent. Instead of talking about the 1 percent or the 0.1 percent, they talk about the rising incomes of college graduates, or maybe the top 5 percent. The goal of this misdirection is to soften the picture, to make it seem as if we're talking about ordinary white-collar professionals who get ahead through education and hard work. [...] Second, ignore the rhetoric about “job creators” and all that. Conservatives want you to believe that the big rewards in modern America go to innovators and entrepreneurs, people who build businesses and push technology forward. But that's not what those hedge fund managers do for a living; they're in the business of financial speculation, which John Maynard Keynes characterized as “anticipating what average opinion expects the average opinion to be.” Or since they make much of their income from fees, they're actually in the business of convincing other people that they can anticipate average opinion about average opinion. [...] More broadly, we're still living in the shadow of a crisis brought on by a runaway financial industry. Total catastrophe was avoided by bailing out banks at taxpayer expense, but we're still nowhere close to making up for job losses in the millions and economic losses in the trillions. Given that history, do you really want to claim that America's top earners — who are mainly either financial managers or executives at big corporations — are economic heroes?
These models of inequality are only becoming more entrenched. "We're on our way toward a society dominated by wealth, much of it inherited, rather than work," Krugman writes. What he means is that most of the money being made by these men has nothing to do with their "work" (abstract as the money moving and wealth extraction they do may seem to most of us), it comes from returns on the wealth they already have. Basically, the system is rigged so that being rich only makes people richer.
And because of our country's distorted believe that we have to "protect" what these men "earn" through their "work," we continue to let them slide by not taxing their massive incomes, Krugman notes:
Young People Lead
A newly released National Centre for Social Research (NatCen) survey finds that a large proportion of UK residents proclaim to be not affiliated to any religion . More than 53 percent of respondents said that they do not belong to any kind of organized religion. This figure is a five percent increase from 2016. This non-religious proportion has risen slowly from the time the survey started on 1983. During that time, about 31 percent of the population said that they are not affiliated to any religious doctrine.
The Church of England is particularly hit. Only 15 percent of respondents in the UK consider themselves Anglican. In 2000, only 7.5 percent expressed the same opinion. In contrast, the proportion of the British population who considered themselves Catholic remained roughly the same. One in 10 have identified themselves as Catholics. About one in 20 belong to non-Christian religions. The latter makeup six percent of the population.
Young people have spearheaded the decline of religion in the British Isles. About 71 percent of respondents aged from 18 to 24 years old in 2016 said that they do not belong to any religion. In 2015, it was 62 percent. In fact, religion went on a decline in almost age groups from 2015 to 2016.
The only deviation is among the older people. Religion is firmly entrenched in this segment, with the percentage of people having no religious affiliation are minimal. About 40 percent of individuals in the 65 to 74 years age group say that they are not religious. This percentage dips to 27 for the demographic aged 75 years and older.
This survey also throws up the revelation that even people who described themselves as religious could not be knowledgeable about religion at all. Many so-called Christians do not believe in Resurrection of Jesus, meaning that they do not believe in the Christian religion.
So 53% of the UK has no religion. By Brexit logic, that means the will of the people is that churches should stop recieving tax money👌🏻 — Violet Liberal (@Vertical_step) September 5, 2017
It is no wonder British humanists are asking questions: if such a large number of individuals do not believe in God, is there any need for any official church? Why does the CoE continue to get funds from the UK Government? There is no logical justification to keep the CoE as a legal organization if so fewer number of people subscribe to its spiritual guidance. This state of affairs is a victory for any person who follow and champion rational thought.
Resources
Follow the Conversation on Twitter
Heavily accented teachers removed from Arizona classrooms
By Valerie Strauss
School districts in Arizona are under orders from the state's Department of Education to remove from classrooms teachers who speak English with a very heavy accent or whose speech is ungrammatical.
Officials say they want students who don't know much English to have teachers who can best model how to speak the language, but, according to The Wall Street Journal, some principals and administrators are concerned that the standards for removal are arbitrary.
The recent move by the department comes during the political firestorm over a new law in Arizona which requires police to question anyone who appears to be in the country illegally. It is the most restrictive immigration law in the country.
Arizona's education department has sent people into schools to audit teachers on comprehensible pronunciation, correct grammar and good writing. Teachers who fail may try to improve, but if they don't, school districts can fire or reassign them.
The Journal's report says that critics of the new teachers policy believe the education department was encouraged by the new law, and that targeting teachers with heavy accents is just part of the anti-immigration movement in Arizona.
School officials say that is nonsense, and that kids should have teachers who they understand.
About 150,000 of Arizona's 1.2 million public school students are classified as English Language Learners, the Journal said.
Nobody can argue that kids don't deserve teachers whom they can easily understand, and teachers who use proper grammar. I've been in classrooms where I couldn't understand a teacher, and in classrooms where a teacher's grammar made me wince.
The issue here is how to determine which teachers really should be in the classroom and which ones shouldn't be. Speech that one child can't understand could be completely comprehensible to most of the students.
How does one fairly draw the line on grammatical mistakes? Hardly anyone speaks English perfectly according to the rules of grammar. Quick: Give me an example of the pluperfect and the future subjunctive. Is it enough to toss out a teacher because he or she routinely misuses the verb "to be?"
Uncovering exactly how Arizona goes about this will be most interesting.
What do you think of Arizona's new policy? What standards should there be for removing a teacher on the basis of a strong accent or poor pronunciation?
Update: Arizona strikes again, with legislation aimed at an ethnic studies program. Read about it here.
Follow my blog all day, every day by bookmarking washingtonpost.com/answersheet And for admissions advice, college news and links to campus papers, please check out our new Higher Education page at washingtonpost.com/higher-ed Bookmark it!
Drexel professor George Ciccariello-Maher blamed the Las Vegas mass shooting on “white supremacist patriarchy” on Monday morning.
Ciccariello-Maher, in a tweet rant, attempted to argue Monday morning that the Las Vegas mass shooting was the product of America's “white supremacist patriarchy.”
It's the white supremacist patriarchy, stupid. — George Ciccariello-Maher (@ciccmaher) October 2, 2017
But liberals will drown out all discourse with a deafening chorus screeching "gun control." — George Ciccariello-Maher (@ciccmaher) October 2, 2017
To believe that someone who would shoot down 50 people wouldn't circumvent any gun law you pass is the height of delusion. — George Ciccariello-Maher (@ciccmaher) October 2, 2017
White people and men are told that they are entitled to everything. This is what happens when they don't get what they want. — George Ciccariello-Maher (@ciccmaher) October 2, 2017
The narrative of white victimization has been gradually built over the past 40 years. — George Ciccariello-Maher (@ciccmaher) October 2, 2017
It is the spinal column of Trumpism, and most extreme form is the white genocide myth. — George Ciccariello-Maher (@ciccmaher) October 2, 2017
Yesterday was a morbid symptom of what happens when those who believe they deserve to own the world also think it is being stolen from them. — George Ciccariello-Maher (@ciccmaher) October 2, 2017
Ciccarriello-Maher has been criticized for his bizarre assumptions about the shooting. The shooter's brother, Eric Paddock, claimed that his brother Stephen was not involved in any political or religious organization.
Las Vegas shooter's brother says Stephen Paddock was not involved in "any political organization" https://t.co/Xolt9gNEdb pic.twitter.com/kn0y72X1RK — Variety (@Variety) October 2, 2017
Ciccariello-Maher came under fire before for his remarks on social media. He has previously argued that “riots work” and that the police should be abolished. He came under fire for tweeting the Blank Panther Party slogan “Off the Pigs” in reference to the killing of police officers. He received major press on Christmas Eve of 2016 when he tweeted, “All I Want for Christmas is White Genocide,” which he claimed was mocking a white supremacist talking point. That same evening, he tweeted that the massacre of whites during the Haitian Revolution was a “good thing.”
The Arctic has lost almost 95% of its older ice cover since 1984, according to NASA.
The ice in the Arctic grows and shrinks through the year, and is made up of seasonal and perennial ice. The perennial sea ice that has built up over the years tends to be thicker and less vulnerable to melting away in summer than newer seasonal ice.
According scientists at NASA, the area covered by Arctic sea ice at least four years old has decreased from 1,860,000 square kilometres in September 1984 to 110,000 square kilometres in September 2016.
Read | ‘Arctic may become ice-free for first time in 100,000 years'
Arctic sea ice reaches its minimum each September. September Arctic sea ice is now declining at a rate of 13.3% per decade, relative to the 1981 to 2010 average.
In the visualisation below from NASA of data from buoys, weather stations, satellites and computer models, the age of the ice is indicated by shades ranging from blue-gray for the youngest ice to white for the oldest.
The rising temperatures in the Arctic are affecting permafrost and snow cover as well as the amount of sea ice, which this year was the second-lowest on record.
Ketil Isaksen of the Norwegian Meterological Institute said the average temperature in Longyearbyen, the main settlement in Svalbard, Norway, is expected to be around 0 degree Celsius with a little over a month left of the year.
“This is a little bit shocking,” Isaksen said. “If you had asked me five or 10 years ago, I could not have imagined such numbers in 2016.”
This graph shows the average monthly Arctic sea ice extent in September since 1979, derived from satellite observations.
The normal yearly average in Svalbard, an island group midway between the North Pole and continental Norway, is minus 6.7 C andthe the warmest year until now was 2006, when the average temperature in Svalbard was minus 1.8 C, Isaksen said.
“Svalbard is a very good spot to show what's happening in the Arctic at the moment,” he said, noting that each of the past 73 months has been warmer than average.
Map of the Arctic showing the extent of sea ice at its minimum level in September 2016 compared with median cover since 1981. (AFP)
Also Read | Another year, another record: 2016 set to be the hottest year, says UN
First Published: Nov 27, 2016 11:29 IST
Any solution to global climate change will eventually have to involve the whole globe, not just the richest countries.
That's why deals like the one announced Tuesday between Pasadena's eSolar and the Indian conglomerate Acme Group are essential to any truly green global future. ESolar will sell Acme 1,000 megawatts worth of solar thermal technology, so that the latter can build a network of solar power plants in India's northern state of Haryana.
"India is an enormous electricity market with enormous demand for growth," said Rob Rogan, vice president of corporate communications for eSolar. "We see this as our chance to be part of a long-term renewable energy solution in India."
To date, most wind and solar power has been deployed in the rich, industrialized nations. A 2008 report found that the world's developed countries had installed 207 gigawatts of renewable-power generation, excluding large hydro. That's only a few percent of the rich countries' power generation, but it's a lot more than the 88 gigawatts of clean power that had been built in the developing world.
Now, even with the Obama-led United States looking increasingly green-friendly, that trend could reverse. Falling renewable-energy costs and the desire to use domestic energy sources have helped green tech make inroads in fast-growing countries. Renewable-energy investments jumped 91 percent in 2007 in China. and India expects add 6 gigawatts of wind power between 2007 and 2012.
Here we present five of the largest green tech projects that have broken ground, or plan to, in 2009. Each one of them is slated to be among the largest green-tech projects in the world. Though each is as big as a large coal plant, your average fossil fuel plant will generate more kilowatt-hours because they can burn round the clock every day the year, not just when the sun is shining or the wind blowing.
(It's difficult to find out the exact number and size of solar, wind and geothermal projects in the developing world: The English-language paper trail is disappointingly thin. If you know about other projects or initiatives that are planned or complete, let us know in the Comments section, so we can add them.)
Leyte Geothermal Field
Location: Leyte, Philippines
Current capacity: 708.5 megawatts
Planned capacity: 708.5 megawatts
The jumble of tectonic plates underneath the Philippines has created the perfect situation for tapping geothermal power, particularly at the five-plant array of sites near Leyte. Geothermal development has gone so well that a major energy producer swore off coal in January of this year, choosing to buy into the government-run geothermal company, Energy Development Corporation, instead.
Geothermal power has already had marked success in the developing world, as can be seen in the chart. That's because, when the geological conditions are right, geothermal can be downright cheap. (Chart: Marin Katusa, Chief Investment Strategist, Casey Research Group)
Suzlon Wind Farm
Location: Near Dhule, India
Current capacity: 650 megawatts
Planned capacity: 1,000 megawatts
Estimated completion date: 2010
Built by Suzlon, a homegrown Indian energy compay, the Suzlon wind farm near Dhule will be the world's largest when it's completed in 2010. Already, it's creeping up on Florida Light and Power's Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center, which has a capacity of 735 megawatts. It's the brainchild of Tulsi Tanti, Suzlon's founder and something of an international hero — but not everyone is happy about Tanti's low-cost approach to wind-farm development. Der Spiegel reported that the farmers who toil under the giant turbines are demanding more money for their land. "If Suzlon refuses to pay, the farmers block the access routes with their buffaloes," the magazine wrote.
(Image: flickr/ramkrsna)
Acme Solar Thermal Plants
Location: Haryana, India
Current capacity: 0 megawatts
Planned capacity: 1,000 megawatts
Estimated completion date: 2019
Acme, an Indian technology conglomerate, announced its intentions to build up to 1,000 megawatts of solar thermal power Tuesday. The company providing the technology, eSolar, makes 46-megawatt modular power plants that concentrate the sun's rays onto a central boiler to generate steam to drive a turbine. ESolar's
Rob Rogan said that the companies would break ground on the first 100
megawatts of solar power within the year.
Qaidam Basin Solar PV Installaton
Location: Qinghai Province, China
Current capacity: 0 megawatts
Planned capacity: 1,000 megawatts
Estimated completion date: ?
Two local Chinese firms announced their intentions to install up to 1,000 megawatts of solar photovoltaic panels in northwestern China in January. The China Technology Development Group Corporation and Qinghai New Energy Company will start with a more modest 30
megawatts. They expect to break ground during 2009.
Econcern Wind Farms
Location: ?
Current capacity: 0 megawatts
Planned capacity: 720 megawatts
Estimated completion date: ?
The Dutch energy company Econcern will partner with a major Chinese oil firm and a hydroelectric company to build four wind farms that will generate around 720 megawatts of power. Work is expected to begin this year, but
Econcern's CEO recently admitted that the clean-energy industry faces a serious slowdown that could cause his company to cut jobs.
9:30 AM PST: This post was updated to include the chart about geothermal power production around the world, which was received after the publication of the story.
See Also:
Image at top of post: The Tongonan geothermal plant in the Philippines. flickr/penmanila
WiSci 2.0: Alexis Madrigal's Twitter , Google Reader feed, and project site, Inventing Green: the lost history of American clean tech; Wired Science on Facebook.
4/5 experts say yes.
But don't dial for delivery just yet. These experts' thumbs, though mostly up, advocate for fresh, homemade pizza—not the grease-soaked stuff from a box.
Bad news #1: A single slice of sausage pie has 14 grams of fat. Bad news #2: Pizza is the single biggest source of solid fat intake in kids: 20% of all that pizza comes from school cafeterias, and it's pretty much equal in fat to the fast-food kind.
“Stay away from eating numerous slices at a time, and pizza laden with salty and fatty toppings,” says study author Lisa Powell, PhD, professor in the school of public health at the University of Illinois at Chicago. Her 2015 study found that on days when kids eat pizza—especially the fast-food kind—they take in more calories, saturated fat and sodium than usual. When you want to indulge, offset it with a big salad, she suggests.
All the salad in the world may not undo the damage of delivery, but rethinking the pizza can.
“Pizza is a typical Mediterranean dish, like it or not,” says Adam Drewnowski, PhD, director of the Center for Public Health Nutrition at the University of Washington. Treat it as an open-faced sandwich, he says—a vehicle for whole grains, cheese, tomatoes, vegetables and even fruit, if you're one of those people who like pineapple on your pie.
Pizza has a lot going for it in ingredients alone. You already know how our experts feel about cheese, and tomato sauce has a lot of nutritional potential. Because it goes through thermal processing, it packs even more antioxidants than raw tomatoes, found one 2015 study. Heating up tomatoes helps break down their cell walls and releases tomato carotenoids like lycopene, “thus increasing their absorbance,” says study author Rosa M. Lamuela-Raventos, antioxidant researcher and associate professor at the University of Barcelona. Sometimes processed food does a body good.
One group in Scotland took a stab at formulating a nutritionally perfect pizza that people would still actually like to eat. Dr. Emilie Combet, lecturer in nutrition at the University of Glasgow School of Medicine, helped create a pie that cut back on salt and saturated fat while enhancing fiber. About 77% of adults—and a surprising 81% of children—said that the revised pie tasted as good or better than what they usually ate. “With the right ingredients, and the right proportions, pizza can be part of a nutritionally balanced meal,” Combet says.
That's the right way to treat the pizza question, agrees Jennifer M. Poti, research assistant professor in nutritional epidemiology at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and the author of many pizza studies. Ditch delivery, she says, but “I would say yes to pizza with whole-grain crust, fresh vegetable toppings, and prepared with lower sodium and served in reasonable portion sizes.”
There you have it, pizza fiends. Let your love of pizza be your excuse to cook more.
Illustration by Lon Tweeten for TIME
Read next: Should I Drink Seltzer?
QUIZ: Should You Eat This or That? Getty Images (4) Getty Images (5); Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Getty Images; Tara Johnson for TIME Getty Images (1); Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Getty Images (2) Getty Images (1); Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Getty Images (2) Getty Images (1); Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME AP; Getty Images (1); Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Tara Johnson for TIME Tara Johnson for TIME (5); Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Getty Images (2) Getty Images (2); Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Tara Johnson for TIME Tara Johnson for TIME (2); Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME 1 of 16 Advertisement
Write to Mandy Oaklander at mandy.oaklander@time.com.
A satellite image of circular fields characteristic of center pivot irrigation, Kansas.
Center-pivot irrigation (sometimes called central pivot irrigation), also called water-wheel and circle irrigation, is a method of crop irrigation in which equipment rotates around a pivot and crops are watered with sprinklers.[1][2] A circular area centered on the pivot is irrigated, often creating a circular pattern in crops when viewed from above (sometimes referred to as crop circles).[3] Most center pivots were initially water-powered, and today most are propelled by electric motors.
History [ edit ]
Center-pivot irrigation was invented in 1940[4] by farmer Frank Zybach,[5] who lived in Strasburg, Colorado.[4] It is recognized as an effective method to improve water distribution to fields.[3]
In 1952, Zybach went into business with A. E. Trowbridge, a friend from Columbus, Nebraska. Trowbridge put up $25,000 and got 49% of the patent rights. Zybach moved back from Colorado to Columbus, opened a shop, hired a few men, moved the height of the pipe up to six feet, and went into business. In the first two years of operation, they sold only 19 systems. The early designs were finicky and few farmers understood the systems. Zybach kept improving his designs and focused on making his machines better, rather than attempting to sell systems with problems.[6]
Zybach saw success with modified designs, which improved the systems operational efficiency. In 1954, he licensed his patent to Robert Daugherty and his company, Valley Manufacturing. Daugherty's engineers spent the next decade refining Zybach's innovation – making it sturdier, taller and more reliable – and converting it from a hydraulic power system to electric drive. Daugherty's company went on to grow into Valmont Industries, with its subsidiary Valley Irrigation continuing his vision for irrigation in the United States, eventually spanning the globe.[7]
Overview [ edit ]
Pivot irrigation in progress on a cotton farm.
Center pivot irrigation is a form of overhead sprinkler irrigation consisting of several segments of pipe (usually galvanized steel or aluminum) with sprinklers positioned along their length, joined together and supported by trusses, and mounted on wheeled towers.[1] The machine moves in a circular pattern and is fed with water from the pivot point at the center of the circle.[8]
For a center pivot to be used, the terrain needs to be reasonably flat; but one major advantage of center pivots over alternative systems that use gravity flow is the ability to function in undulating country. This advantage has resulted in increased irrigated acreage and water use in some areas. The system is in use, for example, in parts of the United States, Australia, New Zealand, Brazil[8] and also in desert areas such as the Sahara and the Middle East.
Center pivots are typically less than 1600 feet (500 meters) in length (circle radius) with the most common size being the standard 1/4 mile (400 m) machine. A typical 1/4-mile radius crop circle covers about 125 acres of land[8]
Center pivot irrigation nozzles Rotator style pivot applicator sprinkler End Gun style pivot applicator sprinkler
Originally, most center pivots were water-powered. These were replaced by hydraulic systems and electric motor-driven systems. Most systems today are driven by an electric motor mounted at each tower.
The outside set of wheels sets the master pace for the rotation (typically once every three days). The inner sets of wheels are mounted at hubs between two segments and use angle sensors to detect when the bend at the joint exceeds a certain threshold. When the angle is too large, the wheels rotate to keep the segments aligned.[8]
To achieve uniform application, center pivots require an even emitter flow rate across the radius of the machine. Since the outer-most spans (or towers) travel farther in a given time period than the innermost spans, nozzle sizes are smallest at the inner spans and increase with distance from the pivot point. Aerial views show fields of circles created by the watery tracings of "quarter- or half-mile of the center-pivot irrigation pipe,"[9] created by center pivot irrigators which use "hundreds and sometimes thousands of gallons a minute."[9]
Most center pivot systems now have drops hanging from a u-shaped pipe called a gooseneck attached at the top of the pipe[clarification needed] with sprinkler heads that are positioned a few feet (at most) above the crop, thus limiting evaporative losses and wind drift. There are many different nozzle configurations available including static plate, moving plate and part circle. Pressure regulators are typically installed upstream of each nozzle to ensure each is operating at the correct design pressure.
Drops can also be used with drag hoses or bubblers that deposit the water directly on the ground between crops. This type of system is known as LEPA (Low Energy Precision Application) and is often associated with the construction of small dams along the furrow length (termed furrow diking/dyking). Crops may be planted in straight rows or are sometimes planted in circles to conform to the travel of the irrigation system.
Linear/lateral move irrigation machines [ edit ]
A small center pivot system from beginning to end.
Irrigation equipment can also be configured to move in a straight line, where it is termed a lateral move, linear move, wheel move or side-roll irrigation system.[10][11] In these systems the water is supplied by an irrigation channel running the length of the field. The channel is positioned either at one side or in a line through the center. The motor and pump equipment are mounted on a cart by the supply channel. The cart travels with the machine.
Farmers might choose lateral-move irrigation to keep existing rectangular fields. This can help them convert from furrow irrigation. Lateral-move irrigation is far less common, relies on more complex guidance systems, and requires additional management compared to center pivot irrigation. Lateral-move irrigation is common in Australia. There, systems are usually between 500 and 1,000 meters long.
Benefits [ edit ]
Center-pivot irrigation uses less labor than many other surface irrigation methods, such as furrow irrigation.[8] It also has lower labor costs than ground-irrigation techniques that require digging of channels. Also, center-pivot irrigation can reduce the amount of soil tillage. Therefore, it helps reduce water runoff and soil erosion that can occur with ground irrigation.[8] Less tillage also encourages more organic materials and crop residue to decompose back into the soil. It also reduces soil compaction.[8]
In the United States early settlers of the semiarid High Plains were plagued by crop failures due to cycles of drought, culminating in the disastrous Dust Bowl of the 1930s. Only after World War II when center pivot irrigation became available did the land mass of the High Plains aquifer system transform into one of the most agriculturally productive regions in the world.
The crops are planted in circles for efficient irrigation
Negative effects [ edit ]
Fossil water is a non-renewable resource. Groundwater levels decrease when the rate of extraction by irrigation exceeds the rate of recharge. By 2013 it was shown that as the water consumption efficiency of center-pivot irrigation improved over the years, farmers planted more intensively, irrigated more land, and grew thirstier crops.[9]
In parts of the United States, sixty years of the profitable business of intensive farming using huge center-pivot irrigators has emptied parts of the Ogallala Aquifer (also known as the High Plains Aquifer).[9] One of the world's largest aquifers, it covers an area of approximately 174,000 mi² (450,000 km²) in portions of the eight states of South Dakota, Nebraska, Wyoming, Colorado, Kansas, Oklahoma, New Mexico, and Texas, beneath the Great Plains in the United States.[12][13]
In 1950, irrigated cropland covered 250,000 acres. With the use of center-pivot irrigation, nearly three million acres of land were irrigated in Kansas alone. At some places, during maximum extraction, the water table dropped more than five feet (1.5 m) per year. In extreme cases, wells had to be greatly deepened to reach the steadily falling water table.[9] In some places in the Texas Panhandle, the water table has been drained (dewatered). "Vast stretches of Texas farmland lying over the aquifer no longer support irrigation. In west-central Kansas, up to a fifth of the irrigated farmland along a 100-mile (160 km) swath of the aquifer has already gone dry." It would take hundreds to thousands of years of rainfall to replace the groundwater in the dried up aquifer.[9]
Role in culture [ edit ]
In the 21st century, recognition of the significance of the High Plains Aquifer has led to increased coverage from regional[14][15][16] and international journalists.[17] A May 2013 New York Times article "Wells dry, fertile plains turn to dust"[9] recounts the relentless decline of parts of the High Plains Aquifer System.
Writer Emily Woodson characterized the increased use of the center pivot irrigation system as part of a profound attitude shift towards modernism (expensive tractors, center-pivot irrigation, dangerous new pesticides) and away from traditional farming that took place in the mid-1970s and 1980s in the United States. A new generation chose high-risk, high-reward crops such as irrigated corn or peanuts, which require large quantities of ground water, fertilizer and chemicals. The new family farm corporations turned many pastures into new cropland and were more interested in rising land prices than water conservation.[18][19]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Last Thursday I went to the 5 Minutes of Fame talks at Noisebridge Hackerspace. The talks ranged from how Winamp is pretty awesome to reading brain waves. The talk that caught my attention, however, was Adi Kamdar's presentation about the Electronic Frontier Foundations's new campaign, The Open Wireless Movement. The Open Wireless Movement's purpose is to encourage folks to open their personal networks to the public. The EFF partnered with some great organizations to get this off the ground.
But why should we do this? Haven't people tried similar things before, and how will this campaign be any different?
First, open wireless is invaluable during emergencies, allowing first aid and fast communication between government officials and helpful citizens. It was especially helpful during the Minneapolis I-35 bridge collapse, according to the FCC.
Secondly, it's a basic courtesy, as Peter Eckersley of the EFF says,
Most of us have had the experience of tremendous inconvenience because of a lack of Internet access…Finding yourself in one of these binds is a bit like finding yourself parched and thirsty while everyone around you is sipping from nice tall glasses of iced water, or finding yourself cold and drenched in a rain storm because nobody will let you under their umbrella. (Read the rest of Eckersley's arguments for open wireless here.)
Still not convinced? Here are more reasons for why you should share your network:
It is less wasteful. Most people don't use all of their bandwidth, so why not share what you aren't using?
Having access to the Internet is a basic human right according to the UN. Access to the Internet falls under Article 19 of the International Covenant of Civil and Political Rights.
More people with access to the Internet, and it's resources, means a better world for everyone through more sharing of knowledge and physical assets (through collaborative consumption).
It isn't any less secure than closed access wireless; the tools to protect your computer already exist. Check out some of the tools at our disposal here.
We can ditch the overpriced phone companies and switch to using wifi networks for mobile telephony, and use cell networks only when there's no wifi. This could save us both money and energy. Check out Republic Wireless, one of the first wifi mobile phone carriers. It's only $19 a month for unlimited voice and data.
Worried about losing all of your bandwidth to freeloaders and torrenting teenagers? (Get off my lawn!) You can still share your bandwidth, without losing any speed or functionality. Most routers allow you to set up a guest network, so that you can share without going thirsty, or getting caught out in the rain without an umbrella because you gave it away. Instructions on sharing your bandwidth can be found here. Note that these are instructions for individual routers. Just pick your router from the list and follow the instructions.
Similar efforts have been tried before without much luck. However, unlike previous attempts, this movement isn't dependent on new software or hardware to work. Wireless access points are already everywhere. And almost anyone with a home wifi network can participate. If you understand how your home wifi works, even on the most rudimentary level, you can participate in this movement. The only thing the Open Wireless Movement needs now is you.
Did you hear the one about police brutality?
Speaking to a group of law enforcement officers in Long Island last week, President Donald Trump urged them not to be “too nice,” as if being gentle were an urgent problem. Putting his hands above his head for added drama, he said: “Like when you guys put somebody in the car, and you're protecting their head, you know, the way you put your hand over their head, you can take the hand away, OK.”
When the White House got pushback, press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump was just “making a joke.”
Picking up the lighthearted approach to affairs of state on Monday, Jared Kushner, Trump son-in-law and aide in charge of Middle East peace, among other things, joshed about the Russia investigation at a speech to interns on Capitol Hill. He employed the Madcap Defense: “They thought we colluded, but we couldn't even collude with our local offices.”
The whole thing was supposed to be off the record but kids these days—they were just kidding about not taking notes. They grow up so fast, as the Boy Scouts did last week listening to an R-rated speech from the president at their annual jamboree. The White House pointed out that the 12-year-olds laughed and Trump then told The Wall Street Journal that top scout officials called him to say how much they liked his remarks. They did not.
Just kidding, maybe. This has long been the default position of Trump, which he's carried to the White House. When something that Trump or his White House has put forward turns out to be, well, a lie, or just plain stupid, like don't go nicey-nicey on a perp, out comes that he didn't mean it the way it sounded. Any minute now that adoption ruse dreamed up on Air Force One will be a joke.
Oh wait, as of Tuesday it's a sitcom where Don Jr. is The Beaver and Trump is Dear Old Dad who “weighed in,” Sanders explained, as “any concerned father would do” to help out his good boy, who happens to be 39 years old.
This is the pattern. As a story unravels, the context changes. Just kidding! Although Trump and his lawyer Jay Sekulow swore up and down otherwise, Trump both concocted the adoption cover story and then tried to cover up that he had any part in the cover up.
Problem for Trump is there's no laugh track to key a joke or to cover up the ones that don't fly. During the campaign, he kept praising Russian President Vladimir Putin, going so far as to welcome his suspected meddling in our election. “I will tell you this, Russia, if you're listening—I hope you're able to find the thirty thousand e-mails that are missing,” he said urging them to hack into Hillary Clinton's server in July. As the Russia investigation was heating up this summer, press secretary Sean Spicer cleared up any confusion about what Trump meant. “He was joking at the time. We all know that,” Spicer said.
We don't all know, and that is the problem. Was he joking when he compared our intelligence agencies with Nazi Germany's? Wednesday, we know it was no joking matter when Trump signed the Russia sanctions bill: He did it in private, without any wisecracks for the cameras.
He masks serious threats in sarcasm. He sat endangered Nevada Sen. Dean Heller next to him at a White House lunch just before the health care vote to joke that if he wanted to remain a senator, he'd do what was good for him. He “joked” at a rally that he was going to win the health care vote and if he didn't, his HHS secretary, standing behind him, would be fired. Was he kidding Monday when he welcomed people to the “boardroom,” where firings took place on The Apprentice, for Gen. John Kelly's first meeting as chief of staff?
Trump rarely laughs so there's no signal that he's about to crack wise. His verbal crutches—“believe me,” “I have to tell you,” “people say”—sometimes alert his audience that a whopper is coming, like the one about Ted Cruz's father being involved in JFK's assassination, a nasty claim spewed out the night of the Indiana primary when he clinched the nomination. That's the kind of baseless, mirthless charges that crowd Trump's mind on one of the happiest nights of his life.
Trump got away with a lot as a casino owner and since, from impersonating a PR agent to brag about his sexual prowess to the New York tabloids to leaving his wife to brush off as jocular “locker room” talk his boasting on the Access Hollywood tapes.
He takes back antics that fall flat like his mockery of disabled reporter Serge Kovaleski. Trump wasn't mimicking Kovaleski but demonstrating how the writer was “groveling because he wrote a good story.” When his comment that Fox anchor Megyn Kelly had “blood coming out of her wherever” went south, he said that, of course, he meant “her nose.” His five-year birther campaign ended last September with the worst joke ever—that we should be grateful that he was bringing to closure an inquiry that Hillary Clinton started.
For sure, Trump can't take what he dishes out. He may have run for president as payback for Barack Obama's jokes Trump took seriously at the White House Correspondents' dinner. Trump's infamous insult to Sen. John McCain was issued in the form of a joke. The man who once said that avoiding STDs was his personal Vietnam dismissed the prison of war tortured for five years in Hanoi: “I like people who WEREN'T captured.” When McCain was diagnosed with a deadly brain tumor two weeks ago, the White House said Trump had no plans to take insult back. It was no joke when McCain cast the deciding no vote against Trump's health care repeal.
Coming to a newsstand near you is Trump's latest insult, this time the hallowed building he's privileged to live in. “What a dump,” Trump said of the White House to a Golf magazine reporter explaining why he spends so much time—58 days and counting—at his various clubs, clocking more time on the links than the prior president he pilloried for doing so.
“What a dump” is Mad Men meets Rat Pack talk, Sammy Davis Jr. exclaiming how they trashed the joint after a three-hour set at the Sands.
Trump told me something similar in January at Mar-a-Lago, complaining that he had to give up the beauty of his own homes for 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. The White House should be “renovated top to bottom,” he said, but the permits would take too long and while he'd be doing the country a big favor, he'd be playing into the unfair image of him as a developer.
Trump told me how he uses sarcasm and humor to get people's attention, walking mincingly, stooped over, to help me understand why a major donor who wanted to be an ambassador wouldn't be nominated. He had my attention for sure. Like rubbernecking at a multi-car pile-up on the side of the road, I couldn't take my eyes off of him.
But I wasn't laughing.
Once again, we have an example of how the biggest problem may not be that we are ruled by a cabal of grifters, but how shameless and bad they are at it. NBC News got ahold of a Trump Organization document concerning how the Organization is handling payments from various foreign entities. One way that it's handing This is by not handling them.
The Trump Organization does not "attempt to identify individual travelers who have not specifically identified themselves as being a representative of a foreign government entity," according to a new company pamphlet. The policy suggests that it is up to foreign governments, not Trump hotels, to determine whether they self-report their business. That policy matches what several sources told MSNBC — Trump Organization employees are not soliciting information about whether reservations or business is from a foreign government. The U.S. Constitution bars foreign gifts to the president. In January, Trump pledged to track and donate all profits at his companies from foreign government travel and commerce.
And then the sun set, and rose again, and therefore that pledge was worthless. This is also part of the general Trump business plan.
[The document] was provided by Trump's chief compliance counsel to Rep. Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the House Oversight Committee. "Under the policy outlined in this pamphlet, foreign governments could provide prohibited emoluments to President Trump, for example through organizations such as RT, the propaganda arm of the Russian government," Cummings said in a new letter. "Those payments would not be tracked in any way and would be hidden from the American public," Cummings added. He is pressing the Trump Organization to brief Congress on the matter by June 2. A lawyer involved in the emoluments case against Trump who asked not to be identified said the company's approach violates the Constitution's ban on the president receiving foreign gifts.
At first, I thought complaints about the president* and the emoluments clause was too arcane a constitutional quibble to go anywhere. But if it's part of a general business plan, a business plan that has been imported wholesale into how this bunch presumes to run the government, then that's a whole 'nother thing. Looked at, whole and complete, the entire operation now looks like a coherent and lawless enterprise. And the people running it are either too arrogant or too oblivious to even be cute about it.
Respond to this post on the Esquire Politics Facebook page.
A line of people fill the entrance to East Elementary School as an election worker helps a voter find her district early Tuesday, Nov. 6, 2012, in Long Beach, N.Y., one of several voting locations that were created as a result of Superstorm Sandy. (AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek)
The right-wing group True The Vote has been prohibited from monitoring elections in voting stations around Columbus, Ohio, and may soon find itself under investigation for fraud, the Columbus Dispatch reported Tuesday.
The Houston-based group, which is dedicated to challenging the legitimacy of voters it considers suspect, had its status as an official vote monitor denied in Franklin County, after the necessary number of candidates to assign poll observers withdrew their support for the group, according to the Dispatch.
Elections officials in Franklin County told the paper that some application forms requesting observer status for the group's Ohio branch, the Voter Integrity Project, appeared to have supporting names that were falsified or forged.
True The Vote President Catherine Engelbrecht denied the charges in a strongly worded statement and warned the group would be taking legal action.
"This is a final, desperate attempt to deny citizens their right to observe elections," said Engelbrecht. "The Ohio Democratic Party has projected paranoia on an international scale by promoting the idea that concerned citizens would dare observe elections to ensure a fair process. If the Ohio Democratic Party thinks True the Vote-trained poll watchers are legion, wait until it meets our lawyers.”
True The Vote has come under fire lately for appearing to focus its energies largely on minority voters. Last week, ABC News reported that True The Vote had been taking minority voters in Cincinnati to court to force them to prove the validity of their registration, and had plans to send observers to minority-heavy polling areas to confront voters on Election Day.
As far back as 2010, the group faced accusations -- and even a Department of Justice investigation -- into reports that its hunt for voter fraud is tantamount to organized voter intimidation.
In Ohio, activist poll watchers from the group have been reported for aggressively scrutinizing the identification and registration documents of prospective voters, following them with cameras and standing right next to them as they fill out paperwork.
What was your polling place like this year? The Huffington Post is eager to hear your experiences and see your photos. Email us at openreporting@huffingtonpost.com.
Follow our live blog below the slideshow for more on issues at the polls:
The 2016 baseball championship is down to 16 teams competing at eight Super Regional sites this weekend for the right to advance to the College World Series in Omaha. Four sites host games for their best-of-three series on Friday and Saturday with an if-necessary Game 3 on Sunday, while the other four sites will play Saturday and Sunday with the possibility of Monday.
The College World Series begins on Saturday, June 18 at TD Ameritrade Park Omaha.
Interactive Bracket | Scoreboard | 16 must-see players in Super Regionals
Follow the live blog below for the latest updates from around the country.
Read more college baseball coverage at D1baseball.com.
Things to watch at Super Regionals
OMAHA, Neb. — Super Regionals is the next stop on the NCAA baseball tournament's Road to Omaha.
Four of the best-of-three series are Friday through Sunday, with the other four Saturday through Monday. The eight winners advance to the College World Series at TD Ameritrade Park Omaha starting June 18.
Some things to know heading into the round of 16:
SEMINOLES-GATOR BAIT?
Florida has been talked up for months as the favorite to win the national championship, though Louisville and a few other teams might have something to say about that. The No. 1 national seed Gators are matched in a super regional at home against Florida State for the second straight year. The Gators swept their in-state rival by a combined 24-9 in last year's super regional, and they won all three of their meetings this season. It will be a surprise if the Gators don't make it to Omaha to play for the program's first national title.
MORE: Full Super Regionals bracket
HOT WHEN HEALTHY
It's about time Oklahoma State's Conor Costello caught some good breaks. He's the hottest hitter in the NCAA tournament, batting .667 (8 for 12) with two homers and seven RBIs.
Costello had Tommy John surgery on his right arm before he arrived at OSU. In 2014 he was hit in the face by a pitch. Last year he tore his esophagus when a piece of steak got lodged in his throat. This season he's dealt with a sore arm and knee and wrist injuries that limited him to 25 regular-season games.
The pitcher-outfielder-designated hitter has raised his batting average from .279 to .367 over the last seven games, going 16 for 29 with three homers and 14 RBIs.
ARMS GALORE
No. 2 national seed Louisville is the only team in the nation with three pitchers with 12 wins, and that doesn't include Kyle Funkhouser, who came back to school after being a first-round draft pick in 2015. Funkhouser (9-3, 3.86 ERA), Brendan McKay (12-3, 2.12) and ACC pitcher of the year Drew Harrington (12-2, 2.08) held three regional opponents to one run over 21 innings. The Cardinals also have Kade McClure (12-0, 2.54).
HELLO THERE!
UC Santa Barbara's appearance is Louisville is a mild surprise. The Gauchos had to replace seven everyday players, two starting pitchers and two of their best relievers from the 2015 squad that made regionals. The 6-foot-6, 265-pound first baseman Austin Bush, one of the new starters this year, hit three home runs in the Nashville Regional.
NCAA Baseball
JOIN THE TEAM.
Follow @NCAACWS
IT'S BEEN A WHILE
Boston College and No. 3 national seed Miami both are in the ACC but different divisions. Their super regional in Coral Gables will mark their first meeting since March 2014, when the Hurricanes swept a three-game series.
COLD COMFORT
If you guessed Boston College is the northernmost school to ever play in a super regional, you would be wrong. The campuses of past participants Oregon and Oregon State are a couple latitudinal degrees farther north, though neither is as cold early in the season. Boston College played its first 20 games on the road or at neutral sites in warmer climes before its March 29 home opener. Of the 64 teams that made the NCAA tournament, only Utah and Princeton played their home openers later (March 30).
PAYBACK TIME?
Texas A&M has been lying in wait for TCU. The Horned Frogs won one of the most memorable super regionals ever when they rallied from seven runs down in the eighth inning to beat the Aggies 5-4 in 16 innings in Game 3 last year in Fort Worth. This time TCU visits College Station, and it would be an upset if the No. 4 national seed Aggies don't win to get to Omaha for the first time since 2011.
NOTHING FINER IN CAROLINA
East Carolina and Coastal Carolina might not be the first teams that come to mind when you think of programs from North and South Carolina still playing this time of year. East Carolina, a No. 3 regional seed, is in the round of 16 for the first time since 2009 and heads to Texas Tech 0-6 all-time in super regionals. Coastal Carolina, a No. 2 regional seed, is in supers for the first time since 2010 and heads to LSU 0-4 in this round. South Carolina, which had to win four straight on its home field after losing its regional opener, hosts Oklahoma State in its first super regional appearance since 2013.
HOME RUN HIRE
First-year coach Jay Johnson has Arizona in super regionals for the first time since Andy Lopez coached the Wildcats to the national title in 2012. The fast ascent was unexpected, given that the Wildcats finished 11th, 11th and sixth in the Pac-12 in the three seasons following the championship. Picked to finish ninth in the preseason, Arizona ended up fourth. The Wildcats' everyday lineup includes four returning starters, two who were key reserves and three freshmen. The pitchers who have three of the four highest innings totals also were on the 2015 roster.
POCHE' THE MAN
Jared Poche'
The Southpaw was STELLAR out of the bullpen for the Tigers! #RoadToOmaha pic.twitter.com/rLDu8358qG — NCAA Baseball (@NCAACWS) June 7, 2016
LSU left-hander Jared Poche', who started his team's CWS opener in 2015, has been one of the hottest pitchers in the tournament. He picked up two wins while working 12 innings in regionals, allowing one run, striking out 14 and walking none. He retired 16 in a row in six innings of one-hit shutout relief against Rice in the regional final.
There are many reasons for Chicagoans to poke fun at the northwest suburb of Schaumburg, but the existence of red light cameras soon won't be one of them. Officials expect to get rid of Schaumburg's sole red light camera in July after the local police department has determined that it provides no appreciable safety benefits.
The city originally installed the camera at a busy intersection near the ever-popular Woodfield Mall sometime last year as a testing ground before the city installed more cameras. According to Schaumburg Mayor Al Larson, the city had been sold on pitches from red light camera companies claiming that the devices would help prevent serious accidents.
Like other municipalities, Schaumburg began issuing $100 tickets in November to those found blowing the red light, generating some 7,000 tickets by the end of 2008, according to the Daily Herald. By February, that number climbed to over 10,000 and $1 million in revenue. Apparently very few accidents were prevented, however, and the city got numerous angry phone calls from citizens and tourists alike, resulting in the camera being switched off in February.
"The result is very few crashes at any of our major intersections have been the result of traffic signal violations," Police Chief Brian Howerton told the Herald. He reiterated that other cities may want to change driver behavior by using tickets to force drivers to stop, but Schaumburg's goal was always to prevent collisions. As a result, Howerton is recommending the city take down the camera and not install any more. "It was not our intent to use them as a revenue generator," Mayor Larson added.
Schaumburg's decision stands in stark contrast with most other municipalities that have installed the devices, including the city of Chicago. In many of these cases, data showing that red light cameras increase safety is conveniently missing, as exemplified by a high-profile case in Denver earlier this year. Instead, cities love raking in the ticket revenue while hiding behind the thin veil of safety, even though it has been argued that the surest way to increase safety at red lights is by extending the yellow period. The state of Mississippi, however, has bucked this trend by banning red light cameras on the state level earlier this year. While we hardly expect the entire state of Illinois to follow suit, it's nice to see smaller cities like Schaumburg eschew such a lucrative revenue source because the product simply doesn't do what it claims to do.
Update: A person "familiar with the matter" in Schaumburg says the city largely decided to get rid of the camera due to complaints from out-of-towners who wanted to shop at Woodfield Mall, and Schaumburg didn't want to ruin its image of being a "suburban shopping mecca."
The Dallas Mavericks' first round draft pick, Dennis Smith Jr., posed for some cool pictures during his 2017 NBA Rookie photo shoot session.
Every year, the NBA gathers all of the incoming top rookies in the class for a first look and photo session of them in each of their new jerseys.
This year, Dallas had one of the top faces in the class with Dennis Smith Jr. out of N.C. State. Known for his elite athleticism and cooled manner, Smith Jr. debuted the new Nike jerseys for the Dallas Mavericks at the event on Friday.
Smith Jr. was also interviewed by the Daily News in New York where they talked to him about his weird pre-draft meeting with Phil Jackson, his impressive Summer League, and more. You can read about it here.
Although an official rookie class photo is always the staple of the event, each player breaks away for individual photo shoots. For Smith Jr., he spent time with photographers Jesse E. Garrabrant, Brian Babineau, and others who caught some pretty amazing photos.
Here are just a few of their shots from the photo shoot.
You can see more additional photos from the photo shoot from each of the individual photographer's websites.
The hype is already big around Smith Jr. in Dallas and it only seems to be growing by the week.
From time to time someone will announce here that Christian apologetics is a sham discipline because it presupposes the truth of what it sets out to discover. Given that apologists are theologically biased from the outset, they must cherry-pick their facts in order to support the truth of Christianity and at the same time spurn unwelcome alternative views of the world. Thus apologetics is a grand exercise in question-begging. Or so we're told. This purportedly intellectually deficient – or worse, intellectually dishonest – apologetic approach is usually contrasted with the virtues of "science," in which discoveries are confirmed only as they clear various objective methodological hurdles like repeated observations, consistent measurements, careful experimental designs, statistical analysis of findings, peer review, and so forth.
Now at first blush there seems to be a grain of truth in the charge. Having personally experienced the presence of Christ and the conviction of the Holy Spirit upon encountering the Word of God, Christian apologists like me are indeed thoroughly convinced that God exists and has revealed himself in Jesus Christ. As a result we are naturally confident that Christianity is true, and thus "biased," in a sense, toward it actually being true. Such confidence is in keeping with the authoritative pronouncements of Christ and the apostles: that what we preach is not "cunningly devised fables" or delusion, but "the words of truth and reason" (2 Pet. 1:16; Acts 26: 24-25). My "bias" is grounded in compelling arguments from natural theology, in historical facts, and most of all, in personal experience. It would be foolish for me to write off a self-authenticating and eternally significant revelation of divine truth just so that other people might think me more broad-minded, or intellectually nuanced, or whatever.
Clearly the gospel is not a "tentative hypothesis" subject to scientific testing or falsification, and apologists should not have to pretend that it is. Defending the truth of that gospel (apologetics) would be irrational or dishonest only if it were a self-evident truth that propositions must be scientifically testable in order to be true; and I don't know anyone who actually believes that. The axioms of logic, mathematics and probability, to name some examples, are certainly not subject to scientific confirmation or falsification; nor, for that matter, are the very assumptions that underlie the scientific method itself. Yet the scientific enterprise could scarcely get off the ground apart from logic, mathematics and probability – and of course, the scientific method – applied to the observable world. It turns out that numerous undeniable and indispensable propositions, while obviously not scientific, are just as obviously true. There is nothing intellectually dishonest about recognizing all this.
The history of science itself indicates that scientific theories only reflect our current understanding of the universe, and therefore can only approximate the truth – whatever the truth may be exactly. As I argued recently in my book: "This is not to say that scientific inferences are false…, only that they have no reliable truth function. Inductive reasoning and inferences to the best explanation are indispensable tools within the larger scope of natural science, but hardly the keys to unlocking eternal verities. Scientific discovery depends primarily on the collection and analysis of empirical data. Because these data are constantly in flux, the inferences drawn from them are ever subject to revision, and often, replacement." Scientific knowledge must apparently remain incomplete for as long as we are housed within this universe. Anyone honestly seeks truth should consider looking beyond this finite, contingent universe to its eternal creator: "Heaven and earth will pass away," said Jesus, "but My words will by no means pass away" (Matt. 24:35).
Manchester United defender Eric Bailly has said he wants to finish his career at the club.
Bailly, currently away with the Ivory Coast at the African Nations Cup, joined United last summer from Villarreal.
The 22-year-old has since gone on to prove himself a key player for Jose Mourinho, and is hopeful of staying at Old Trafford for many years to come.
"Hopefully I can play in Manchester all my life," Bailly told sport360. "I am very happy here because it is such a great club. It is such an honour to play for this club and I hope I can continue giving my best and become a great player in this club.
"It's difficult to claim the position of being a first-team player but I have to enjoy every minute I get at this club because it's a wonderful club and I am very happy to be there and to be part of it. I am happy to be at such a big club. I never dreamed a better dream than playing for Man United. Hopefully I can enjoy every bit of it every day."
Eric Bailly joined Manchester United last summer. John Peters/Man Utd via Getty Images
After a slow start to the season under Mourinho, United have been steadily improving and are currently on a 16-match unbeaten run.
Bailly feels the Red Devils can continue on their ascendancy and is sure Mourinho, who also arrived at the club last summer, can deliver success.
"There are a lot of new players and the coach is new. Now we are noting that the team is gelling together and creating a good atmosphere, and we are having the results too," Bailly said.
"We know that with a coach like Mourinho, he can bring the best out of players, so I am very confident that this team can go further. The players are getting a good understanding both on and off the pitch."
French president Francois Hollande addresses reporters, November 14, 2015. (Miguel Medina/AFP/Getty)
With the understanding that we are in the midst of the fog of war, and many early reports may be wrong, here are my initial thoughts on the events in Paris — all subject to change with additional information.
First, a multi-pronged military-style assault on civilian soft targets is exactly the kind of terrorist attack I've long feared. Every western capital is vulnerable to attacks like this, and the combination of open borders and thousands of European and American citizens fighting for ISIS renders all of our cities open to assault. This is likely not the last major urban attack, and we may see another soon.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Second, while it is encouraging to see Kurdish progress in Iraq (with considerable American air support) along with seemingly an increased American commitment to fighting ISIS – complete with a modest number of boots on the ground in Syria – this is all too little, too late. ISIS has been allowed not just to live, but to grow. And now it's demonstrating massive increase in its destructive reach. Within the space of days, it has apparently brought down a civilian airliner, bombed Beirut, and now reportedly launched a multi-pronged urban assault in a western capital. This is what happens when terrorists are allowed safe havens and given free reign to recruit and spread their influence.
#related#Third, Francois Hollande is pledging to wage “pitiless” war. Good. Now let's see if France backs up its words with actions. While France is often the butt of jokes about its military prowess, it not only has a centuries-old tradition of military valor, it breeds warriors still. May they be unleashed.
Advertisement
Fourth, if European leaders (and the Obama administration) retain a shred of sanity, they'll rethink their approach to the migrant crisis and start to close their borders, quickly. There are almost certainly more terrorists who have recently arrived in European capitals, awaiting only weapons, organization, and an opportunity to launch the next attack.
Advertisement
Fifth, look for more firefights in Paris as the French police and military likely launch a crackdown orders of magnitude more potent than the crackdown after the Charlie Hebdo attack. If French intelligence services have been monitoring nascent terror cells, look for them to strike hard and fast to forestall any future attacks. For the time being, the gloves will come off.
Finally, my heart breaks for the victims of tonight's savage attacks. France is our oldest ally, Paris is among the world's most beautiful cities, and it is horrifying to think that its streets now run red with the blood of the innocent. May God bless and comfort the families of the fallen, and may God strengthen the hands of France's warriors. It is time to grant ISIS the apocalypse it longs for.
Story highlights Sarah Murnaghan's family says there were no issues during her lung transplant
Surgery took six hours, Sarah did 'extremely well," family spokesman says
Her family fought to change the policy for children's lung transplants
Organization overseeing transplants ruled Monday to make children under 12 eligible for priority on adult lists
Sarah Murnaghan, a 10-year-old Pennsylvania girl with cystic fibrosis whose family fought to have young children prioritized for adult organs, received new lungs Wednesday, her family told CNN.
Her surgery took about six hours, and there were no complications resizing or transplanting the adult lungs, according to family spokeswoman Tracy Simon.
A statement said the family was elated and that the doctors say Sarah's prognosis is good.
"We expect it will be a long road, but we're not going for easy, we're going for possible. And an organ donor has made this possible for her," the family said, calling the family of the deceased person who donated the lungs "true heroes."
Sarah "did extremely well" and was in intensive care after the procedure, Simon said.
The parents' push for an organ transplant policy change has thrust the issue of who gets donated organs into the national spotlight. Earlier this week, the Organ Procurement and Transplant Network 's executive committee approved a one-year change that makes children younger than 12 eligible for priority on adult lung transplant lists.
JUST WATCHED 10-year-old in ICU after lung transplant Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 10-year-old in ICU after lung transplant 02:08
JUST WATCHED Too young for adult lungs? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Too young for adult lungs? 04:19
JUST WATCHED Judge adds dying girl to transplant list Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Judge adds dying girl to transplant list 02:13
Sarah received lungs donated by an adult, according to Simon, meaning the lungs needed to be modified. An OPTN news release said Monday that since 2007 only one patient younger than 12 had received adult lungs.
Sarah has been in and out of hospitals her entire life, but her condition worsened this year. Her lungs had been deteriorating rapidly over the past few months -- much faster than anyone in her family expected. In May, doctors told her mother, Janet Murnaghan, that Sarah had less than five weeks to live.
"We knew at some point, she would need new lungs," her father, Fran Murnaghan, said in May. "We had hoped it would be much further down the road, but the disease has progressed."
At that time, Sarah had been on the waiting list for new lungs for 18 months.
The Murnaghans were under the impression that the transplant would happen any day, since she was the first candidate on the priority list for children in her region.
But children's organs rarely become available. In 2012, there were just 10 transplants in Sarah's age group, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing . Comparatively, there were more than 1,700 adult transplants in the same year. Only people 12 years and older qualified for the adult lungs.
Doctors previously have said they believe modified adult lungs could save Sarah's life.
Last week, the Murnaghans contacted a lawyer, who petitioned Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to change the rules that keep children under 12 from being prioritized for donated lungs.
Sebelius had previously told the family that she didn't have the authority to intervene in a particular case, but she did also call for a policy review. Any change in the policy, though, could take up to two years -- time the Murnaghans didn't have.
So in the letter last week they argued the rule was making it all but impossible for Sarah to receive a lung; every adult on the list would have to turn down the lung to let the little girl have it.
"The Under 12 Rule is unfair, arbitrary and capricious, inconsistent with the statute and regulations, and stands in the way of Sarah potentially receiving a set of lungs that she needs to live," wrote Stephen G. Harvey, the family's lawyer.
"We have never, ever asked that Sarah get special attention or be placed in front of anyone more severe than her," her father said at the time. "So if there... is another adult who is more severe, who has a higher lung allocation score, they will still get their lungs first."
Several factors determine someone's place in line on the adult list: distance from donor to potential recipient, a lung allocation score determined by a patient's diagnosis and test results, and a patient's blood type.
Sarah's parents said her score was a 78. It went up to a 91 this week, according to a family spokeswoman. Anything above 60 is considered a high score, according to the OPTN's ranking system, and means a transplant need is particularly urgent.
Several lawmakers also got involved urging Sebelius to act. Rep. Patrick Meehan and Sen. Pat Toomey, two Pennsylvania Republicans, co-signed a letter sent to HHS. It read: "You have the ability and authority to intervene to allow for Sarah and other children under the age of 12 to become eligible for adult organs."
On June 5, the Murnaghan family asked a federal judge to issue a restraining order to block Sebelius from having the agency that oversees transplants apply the policy. The judge granted the injunction and ordered Sebelius to direct the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network to waive the rule in Sarah's case.
A letter from Sebelius was sent to the OPTN the following day directing them to comply with the judge's order.
OPTN created a second candidate record for Murnaghan that fudged her birth date so the system would treat her as a 12-year-old allowing her to wait on the adult transplant list. Her original record as a 10-year-old also was kept, allowing her to remain first in line for a pediatric lung donation, as well.
On the same day he granted the injunction in Sarah's case, Judge Michael Baylson also granted a similar injunction in the case of 11-year-old Javier Acosta, making him eligible for adult lung.
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Future Solider has entered the UK All Formats All Prices video game chart at No.1, toppling Max Payne 3.
Future Soldier achieved the best week one sales in the Ghost Recon series, but previous entries haven't debuted on all platforms at the same time. Max Payne 3 suffered a 51 per cent fall in sales, but still managed to take second spot.
Other new entries, Dragon's Dogma and DiRT Showdown, took third and fourth respectively, while FIFA 12 rounds off the top five. Diablo III slips down to No.9, while Mario Open Tennis on 3DS charts at No.11. BBC TV show tie-in, Doctor Who: The Eternity Clock struggled, only managing 34th.
Leisure software charts compiled by Chart Track, (C)2011 UKIE Ltd (All Prices) Week 21, 2012
1. TOM CLANCY'S GHOST RECON: FUTURE SOLDIER
2. MAX PAYNE 3
3. DRAGON'S DOGMA
4. DIRT SHOWDOWN
5. FIFA 12
6. SNIPER ELITE V2
7. CALL OF DUTY: MODERN WARFARE 3
8. [PROTOTYPE 2]
9. DIABLO III
10. FIFA STREET
11. MARIO TENNIS OPEN
12. BATTLEFIELD 3
13. MARIO & SONIC LONDON 2012 OLYMPIC GAMES
14. CALL OF DUTY: BLACK OPS
15. ASSASSIN'S CREED: REVELATIONS
16. MASS EFFECT 3
17. THE ELDER SCROLLS V: SKYRIM
18. KINECT STAR WARS
19. SKYLANDERS: SPYRO'S ADVENTURE
20. SAINTS ROW: THE THIRD
Max Payne 3 might be bolstered by the release of the PC version on Friday, while PS Vita owners starved for new releases could lap up Resistance Burning Skies.
Across the college football landscape, coaches are poised to add blue-chip prospects to their rosters during Wednesday's National Signing Day. Inevitably, fans of schools receiving favorable grades from recruiting analysts will celebrate empty “victories.”
But this is the bottom line as it pertains to the class of 2017, or any crop of college newcomers: Blue-chip status is temporary. Production is permanent.
The only way to judge the accuracy of signing-day grades is to reflect on the success of those players after five years, the eligibility window that overlaps most college careers.
Toward that end, the Star-Telegram has revisited the 2012 rankings of the Power 5 teams in Texas and Oklahoma. For a seventh consecutive year in this annual study, the team thought to have landed the top class (Texas) slid toward the back of the pack based on the players' performances.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
Instead, the classes that had the most impact belonged to Baylor and TCU, teams that finished last (Baylor) and next-to-last (TCU) among that seven-school group in rankings trumpeted five years ago by Rivals.
The second-place finish marked the highest placement by a TCU signing class in the seven-year history of this survey. Baylor also had the highest-rated class in 2009.
Baylor's class included receiver Corey Coleman, the 2015 Biletnikoff Award winner, and contributed to teams that won or shared Big 12 championships in 2013 and 2014. TCU's class, the first signed by the school as a Big 12 member, provided the nucleus for teams with a combined 23-3 mark during the 2014-15 seasons, including a share of the 2014 Big 12 title.
The most impactful players among the Horned Frogs' 23 signees proved to be defensive end Devonte Fields, kicker Jaden Oberkrom and center Joey Hunt. Fields' contributions came his freshman season when he was selected as the 2012 Big 12 defensive player of the year by The Associated Press.
Fields was dismissed from TCU before the 2014 season amid allegations that he assaulted an ex-girlfriend. He finished his college career at Louisville. Oberkrom and Hunt were named to two AP all-conference teams.
The much-heralded Texas group, highlighted by Aledo running back Johnathan Gray, finished second to Alabama in the 2012 Rivals ranking of national classes. Of the 28 players to sign with the Longhorns, three earned All-Big 12 honors and one left early for the NFL draft.
SHARE COPY LINK TCU quarterback commit Shawn Robinson discusses Foster Sawyer's departure, and Aledo's Chuck Filiaga says a two-week break from playing football is plenty.
Regrading the class of 2012
1. Baylor (18 points)
2012 class ranking: 5th in Big 12 by Star-Telegram, 46th nationally by Rivals.
Top players (points)
WR Corey Coleman (7): 2015 Biletnikoff Award, 2014 All-Big 12 (first team)
S Orion Stewart (4): 2016 All-Big 12 (first team), 2014 All-Big 12 (first team)
LB Eddie Lackey (3): 2013 All-Big 12 (first team), 2012 All-Big 12 (second team)
RB Shock Linwood (2): 2015 All-Big 12 (second team), 2014 All-Big 12 (second team)
C Kyle Fuller (2): 2016 All-Big 12 (second team), 2015 All-Big 12 (second team)
Other notable recruits: CB Ryan Reid, QB Seth Russell, RB Devin Chafin, OL/TE Tre'Von Armstead, WR Lynx Hawthorne
2. TCU (14)
2012 class ranking: 4th in Big 12 by Star-Telegram, 38th nationally by Rivals
Top players
C Joey Hunt (3): 2015 All-Big 12 (first team), 2014 All-Big 12 (second team)
K Jaden Oberkrom (3): 2015 All-Big 12 (first team), 2014 All-Big 12 (second team)
DE Devonte Fields (3): 2012 Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year
DE Josh Carraway (2): 2016 All-Big 12 (second team), 2015 All-Big 12 (second team)
S Derrick Kindred (2): 2015 All-Big 12 (first team)
OT Halapoulivaati Vaitai (1): 2015 All-Big 12 (second team)
Other notable recruits: WR Kolby Listenbee, P Ethan Perry, QB Kyle Matthews, WR Deante Gray, DE James McFarland
3. Oklahoma (13)
2012 class ranking: 2nd in Big 12 by Star-Telegram, 11th nationally by Rivals
Top players
CB Zach Sanchez (4): 2015 All-Big 12 (first team), 2014 All-Big 12 (first team)
LB Eric Striker (4): 2015 All-Big 12 (first team), 2014 All-Big 12 (first team)
DE Charles Tapper (2): 2015 All-Big 12 (first team)
WR Sterling Shepard (2): 2015 All-Big 12 (second team), 2014 All-Big 12 (second team)
C Ty Darlington (1): 2015 All-Big 12 (second team)
Other notable recruits: QB Trevor Knight, WR Trey Metoyer, RB Alex Ross, OL Will Latu, CB Kass Everett
4. Oklahoma State (8)
2012 class ranking: 6th in Big 12 by Star-Telegram, 33rd nationally by Rivals
Top players
DE Emmanuel Ogbah (5): 2015 Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year, 2014 All-Big 12 (first team)
DT Calvin Barnett (3): 2013 All-Big 12 (first team), 2012 All-Big 12 (second team)
Other recruits: DB Kevin Peterson, QB Wes Lunt, WR C.J. Curry, DB Ashton Lampkin, WR Brandon Sheperd
5. Texas (6)
2012 class ranking: 1st in Big 12 by Star-Telegram, 2nd nationally by Rivals
Top players
DT Malcom Brown (2): 2014 All-Big 12 (first team)
LB Peter Jinkens (2): 2015 All-Big 12 (first team)
DT Hassan Ridgeway (1): Left early for 2016 NFL draft
OL Donald Hawkins (1): 2013 All-Big 12 (second team)
Other notable recruits: RB Johnathan Gray, CB Duke Thomas, S Kevin Vaccaro, QB Connor Brewer, LB Dalton Santos
6. Texas Tech (3)
2012 class ranking: 3rd in Big 12 by Star-Telegram, 27th nationally by Rivals
Top players
LB Will Smith (2): 2013 All-Big 12 (first team)
LB Micah Awe (1): 2015 All-Big 12 (second team)
Other notable recruits: SS Keenon Ward, RB Quinton White, OL Jared Kaster, QB Clayton Nicholas, LB Chris Payne
7. Texas A&M (1)
2012 class ranking: 5th in SEC, 15th nationally by Rivals
Top player
OL Germain Ifedi (1): Left early for 2016 NFL draft
Other notable recruits: C Mike Matthews, DE Julien Obioha, DE Polo Manukainiu, QB Matt Davis, WR Thomas Johnson
How the classes were graded Players received points for their highest post-season accolade in each year on campus. The scale: 1: Left early for NFL and made team or received second-team recognition on AP all-conference team. 2: First-team recognition on AP all-conference team. 3: Conference player of the year. 4: Consensus All-American. 5: National award winner. 8: Heisman Trophy winner.
Falling short In all seven years of this survey, the school given the highest grade for its recruiting class on National Signing Day failed to produce the group that finished with the most production points five years later. A breakdown: Year Analysts' favorite Top group (NSD rank) 2012 Texas Baylor (7) 2011 Texas Texas A&M (5) 2010 Texas Texas A&M (3) 2009 Texas Baylor (6) 2008 Oklahoma Oklahoma State (4) 2007 Texas Oklahoma (2) 2006 Texas Oklahoma (2)
Regrading the class of 2012 Then Now 1. Texas Baylor 2. Oklahoma TCU 3. Texas A&M Oklahoma 4. Texas Tech Oklahoma State 5. Oklahoma State Texas 6. TCU Texas Tech 7. Baylor Texas A&M
We've spent the past two weeks asking people around the world to think about our four refined design directions for the Mozilla brand identity. The results are in and the data may surprise you.
If you're just joining this process, you can get oriented here and here. Our objective is to refresh our Mozilla logo and related visual assets that support our mission and make it easier for people who don't know us to get to know us.
A reminder of the factors we're taking into account in this phase. Data is our friend, but it is only one of several aspects to consider. In addition to the three quantitative surveys—of Mozillians, developers, and our target consumer audience—qualitative and strategic factors play an equal role. These include comments on this blog, constructive conversations with Mozillians, our 5-year strategic plan for Mozilla, and principles of good brand design.
Here is what we showed, along with a motion study, for each direction:
We asked survey respondents to rate these design directions against seven brand attributes. Five of them—Innovative, Activist, Trustworthy, Inclusive/Welcoming, Opinionated—are qualities we'd like Mozilla to be known for in the future. The other two—Unique, Appealing—are qualities required for any new brand identity to be successful.
Mozillians and developers meld minds.
Members of our Mozilla community and the developers surveyed through MDN (the Mozilla Developer Network) overwhelmingly ranked Protocol 2.0 as the best match to our brand attributes. For over 700 developers and 450 Mozillians, Protocol scored the highest across 6 of 7 measures. People with a solid understanding of Mozilla feel that a design embedded with the language of the internet reinforces our history and legacy as an Internet pioneer. The link's role in connecting people to online know-how, opportunity and knowledge is worth preserving and fighting for.
But consumers think differently.
We surveyed people making up our target audience, 400 each in the U.S., U.K., Germany, France, India, Brazil, and Mexico. They are 18- to 34-year-old active citizens who make brand choices based on values, are more tech-savvy than average, and do first-hand research before making decisions (among other factors).
We asked them first to rank order the brand attributes most important for a non-profit organization “focused on empowering people and building technology products to keep the internet healthy, open and accessible for everyone.” They selected Trustworthy and Welcoming as their top attributes. And then we also asked them to evaluate each of the four brand identity design systems against each of the seven brand attributes. For this audience, the design system that best fit these attributes was Burst.
Why would this consumer audience choose Burst? Since this wasn't a qualitative survey, we don't know for sure, but we surmise that the colorful design, rounded forms, and suggestion of interconnectedness felt appropriate for an unfamiliar nonprofit. It looks like a logo.
Also of note, Burst's strategic narrative focused on what an open, healthy Internet feels and acts like, while the strategic narratives for the other design systems led with Mozilla's role in world. This is a signal that our targeted consumer audience, while they might not be familiar with Mozilla, may share our vision of what the Internet could and should be.
Why didn't they rank Protocol more highly across the chosen attributes? We can make an educated guess that these consumers found it one dimensional by comparison, and they may have missed the meaning of the :// embedded in the wordmark.
Although Dino 2.0 and Flame had their fans, neither of these design directions sufficiently communicated our desired brand attributes, as proven by the qualitative survey results as well as through conversations with Mozillians and others in the design community. By exploring them, we learned a lot about how to describe and show certain facets of what Mozilla offers to the world. But we will not be pursuing either direction.
Where we go from here.
Both Protocol and Burst have merits and challenges. Protocol is distinctly Mozilla, clearly about the Internet, and it reinforces our mission that the web stay healthy, accessible, and open. But as consumer testing confirmed, it lacks warmth, humor, and humanity. From a design perspective, the visual system surrounding it is too limited.
By comparison, Burst feels fresh, modern, and colorful, and it has great potential in its 3D digital expression. As a result, it represents the Internet as a place of endless, exciting connections and possibilities, an idea reinforced by the strategic narrative. Remove the word “Mozilla,” though, and are there enough cues to suggest that it belongs to us?
Our path forward is to take the strongest aspects of Burst—its greater warmth and dimensionality, its modern feel—and apply them to Protocol. Not to Frankenstein the two together, but to design a new, final direction that builds from both. We believe we can make Protocol more relatable to a non-technical audience, and build out the visual language surrounding it to make it both harder working and more multidimensional.
Long live the link.
What do we say to Protocol's critics who have voiced concern that Mozilla is hitching itself to an Internet language in decline? We're doubling down on our belief in the original intent of the Internet—that people should have the ability to explore, discover and connect in an unfiltered, unfettered, unbiased environment. Our mission is dedicated to keeping that possibility alive and well.
For those who are familiar with the Protocol prompt, using the language of the Internet in our brand identity signals our resolve. For the unfamiliar, Protocol will offer an opportunity to start a conversation about who we are and what we believe. The language of the Internet will continue to be as important to building its future as it was in establishing its origin.
We'll have initial concepts for a new, dare-we-say final design within a few weeks. To move forward, first we'll be taking a step back. We'll explore different graphic styles, fonts, colors, motion, and surrounding elements, making use of the design network established by our agency partner johnson banks. In the meantime, tell us what you think.
While SOMA may have been dubbed a spiritual successor to the terrifying Amnesia: The Dark Descent, it would be reductive to simply call it a ‘science-fiction Amnesia'. For all its foreboding dread and ghastly creatures that go bump in the night, SOMA is driven more by an enigmatic narrative than any chilling moments of bloodcurdling terror.
It's a sophisticated and thoughtful game, with some grand, exciting, and frankly strange ideas, that proves to be a welcome sign of maturation for developer Frictional Games. It's clear the Swedish developer isn't content to simply revisit well-trodden ground with another haunted house filled with ghouls and Lovecraftian horror, but instead eager to forge forward with something unpredictable and fresh. SOMA may not routinely rouse a quickened heartbeat, or cause beads of sweat to trickle down your forehead as regularly as Frictional's previous work, but it's also all the better for it.
Plunging deep into the murky depths below, your time with SOMA is spent in the water-logged boots of Simon Jarrett. How he ended up on this derelict subterranean research facility is just one of SOMA's many mysteries; gradually revealed over the course of a story-driven experience that never stopped surprising me.
The amount of high quality dialogue (in terms of both voice acting and writing), is one such delightful revelation, especially coming off the back of Frictional's decidedly less garrulous work. Simon is certainly the talkative type, and though you may be trapped aboard a rotting undersea hulk, signs of life have not diminished entirely within these corroded metal halls just yet. Fairly early on you meet a woman named Catherine who keeps in semi-regular contact with you throughout the game. She represents a familiar voice in times of peril, but there's also a sense of unease inherent in never quite knowing her true intentions. Nevertheless, the snappy back-and-forth between the two, and their budding relationship, forms the crux of SOMA's storytelling, which meshes some surprisingly natural dark humour with more dramatic confrontations, and profound questions of both an ethical and philosophical nature.
SOMA compels you to interact with the world in all its mechanical and (slightly disturbing) organic forms.
Consciousness, suicide, the way we perceive our reality, and how we fit into the world are themes explored and handled with nuance throughout, displaying sympathy for those in need, and exhibiting the gallantry to question some of SOMA's more outlandish science. How deep you want to tumble down this rabbit hole is entirely up to you, however. Simon and Catherine's journey is deliberately-paced, ingraining a sense of urgency and momentum into proceedings that keeps you eagerly moving from moment to moment, no matter how ominous the path ahead may seem. But there are also palette cleansers, too, where you're free to explore an environment and possibly uncover just what the hell happened here.
A lot of SOMA's horror arises from these instances; from the things that you don't see. Where you come across grotesque scenes of things gone awry, and your imagination is free to run wild. Environmental details might fill in some of the blanks, and any corpses you find can be interacted with to reveal the final few seconds of a person's life, lending SOMA's irregular style of audio logs a sense of weight and intrigue. Notes scrawled on bits of paper strewn across someone's desk may offer some insight, while most computers carry a few tidbits of backstory and information, if you're willing to look.
Most of this is ancillary to the overarching narrative, but it feeds into a feeling that this facility was once bustling and full of life. A place worth living in, and thus a world worth building. It's here where Frictional's love of interactivity comes to life, as you grab, pick up and move objects, manually slide open doors, and pull down on levers until they clunk into place. SOMA's retro-futuristic aesthetic lends functionality to these mechanics, making your presence within this world feel tangible. Computers breathe into life with a digital clatter and the whirring of fans, and SOMA's various puzzles usually revolve around simply interacting and manipulating these various machines, gears, and clunky hardware. Again, it all helps to ground you in this world, where puzzles and story are intertwined to make gameplay and narrative feel like one cohesive whole, rather than separate entities. This breaks SOMA free from the shackles of Frictional's past. Where Amnesia found a predictable rhythm of running, hiding, and then solving puzzles, SOMA's progression feels more natural due to the underlying story seamlessly tying everything together.
Click on the thumbnails below to see more creepy screenshots
If it falters in any way, it's when you begin to resemble a less-murderous Isaac Clarke, with objectives regularly tasking you to fix things in order to pave the way forward. But even in these moments, when it teeters mightily close to the edge of predictability, it rarely feels like you're doing the exact same thing twice. There's always some variable or twist, and in SOMA's best moments, simply re-routing power may present a moral quandary or two to gnaw at your conscience.
Of course, there are still those occasions when you're cowering in a corner; where the horror manifests itself in the hideous creatures that stalk and pursue you. It's in these moments of isolation where the sound design really comes to life: all menacing growls, piercing shrieks, and something scurrying in the vents above. As ever, the fear of the unknown is often more terrifying than the blunt reality of coming face-to-face with your pursuer. Skulking the claustrophobic corridors of Pathos-II can be a test of your nerves. Whatever went wrong on this facility certainly left its mark, and the sense of dread is pervasive; etched into every nook and cranny.
"The fear of the unknown is often more terrifying than the blunt reality of coming face-to-face with your pursuer."
Biomechanical growths cover the walls like an aggressive cancer, covered in barnacles and dripping with a thick, black substance. A similar affliction seems to have affected the semi-organic creatures that lurk in the shadows. From your first encounter with the bulbous and lumbering brute near the game's outset, to a relentless aggressor in a decaying diving suit, SOMA's enemy encounters may be few and far between, but they're certainly memorable--if only for their forlorn visual design. No two creatures are alike, and figuring out how they act and react to your presence forms the basis of these unsettling confrontations.
I found most of these interactions to be rather tedious affairs, however. As defenceless as you are, crouching and moving slowly proves to be the most effective tactic against these foes. When I was told not to look at one creature, I simply moved backwards. Meanwhile, a blind enemy who only reacted to sound merely made me especially careful not to bump into anything. These moments feel necessary to provide some adversity, and put a face to all the blinking lights and malfunctioning steam pipes, but I found myself clambering to get back to the story.
Those with a fear of drowning, you have been warned.
The same rings true when you venture outside into the deep blue, where sound is muted, the sea floor is awash with strands of seaweed, and the rotting husks of disused metal and decomposing facilities. Sea life is the only thing still alive out here, as crabs scatter past your feet, and curious fish circle overhead. A sunken submarine may inspire awe, but I found these sea walks to be dull, plodding affairs. Despite appearances, they're incredibly linear, shuffling you along from point A to point B with nothing all that interesting to see in between.
These missteps of tedium shine a light on just how incredibly assured SOMA is elsewhere. I came in expecting something similar to Amnesia, just in a terrifying new location, but what I found is an intelligent game that forced me to think and contemplate ideas as only the best sci-fi is capable of doing. It may not stir the hordes of wailing YouTubers looking for the next best haunted house, but SOMA succeeds at crafting something much more meaningful in a genre that's deserving of more than just simple jump scares.
The task is to invent and not merely hope
— Isiah Medina
Nick Srnicek and Alex Williams' influential book Inventing the Future: Postcapitalism and a World Without Work was published at the tail end of 2015. Since then, the social and political landscape has shifted in certain crucial areas. Srnicek and Williams recently teamed up with Isiah Medina and Austin Hayden Smidt to adapt Inventing the Future into a cinematic experience that will respond to the historical moment in ways that take up the mantle of the book, while pressing it towards new horizons.
In support of their crowdfunding campaign, political philosopher and producer Austin Hayden Smidt interviews Srnicek, Williams and Medina.
Austin Hayden Smidt: For those who are not familiar with Inventing the Future, what is the central argument outlined in the text?
Nick & Alex: There are two key arguments to the book. The first is an analysis and critique of some of the dominant ideas that have shaped leftist political action in recent years. What we call “folk politics” is a set of ideas about the appropriate ways to act in the world — ideas that came to dominate much (though not all) of Occupy Wall Street in particular. In its place, we argue for a counter-hegemonic project for the left — explicitly aimed at scaling up, building our capacity to act, and transforming the social structures of our world.
A second set of arguments surrounds changes in the economy and changes in the goals of the left. Examining the nature of contemporary capitalism, we argue that capitalism is increasingly generating surplus populations that struggle to find wage-labor and are simply left to survive at the margins of the economy. On top of this, we have a new set of technologies that pose immense challenges for employment in the near-term future. Given capitalism's inability to generate sufficient numbers of jobs, let alone good jobs, we argue that the left must turn towards a post-work future. We must use the liberating potential of these economic changes and new technologies to build a world that is increasingly weaned off of the coercive force of wage-labor. This, we think, will position the left in a much stronger position from which to build a new world.
Since its publication, a lot has changed in the world, in a very short span of time. How do you feel the ideas advanced in Inventing the Future are adaptable to the present historical moment?
Nick & Alex: On the one hand, there's plenty in the world to be pessimistic about. It seems that, nearly universally, the far right have been the beneficiaries of the 2008 crisis. It has taken some time for their projects to come to fruition, but with the collapse of the 2010-'11 cycle of struggles, and the weak recovery of the global economy, it was perhaps inevitable that the right would eventually gain traction. So the reactionary sentiments behind the vote for Brexit, and the white nationalist vote for Trump (not to mention Le Pen's surge and the continued viability of quasi-fascist parties across Europe), certainly leaves us in a more difficult position than before the book was published.
Yet at the same time, we have seen a significant uptick in struggles and organization amongst the left. The reaction to Trump's Muslim ban, among other policies, has been remarkably widespread and effective. Perhaps most importantly, though, the left seems geared towards building up its capacities to act. No longer are we content with sporadic protests (though they continue to serve their mobilizing function), nor are we content with simply occupying public spaces as an act of emblematic prefiguration. Instead, many people are now actively organizing, rather than simply acting.
We are also reaching a much broader group than we ever have in recent years. People are joining movements, working together, strategizing, and imagining better futures. So while the forces of the far right appear to have the upper hand at the moment, we are also more optimistic about the changes and potentials for the left in the long-term. In that context, imagining better futures is essential to moving beyond defensive actions, and we like to think that Inventing the Future has a role to play in those discussions.
The book spends a lot of time discussing neoliberalism as a political project with humble beginnings that came to be hegemonic. How do you feel the left can build a similar program?
Nick & Alex: The easiest way to think about how the left can build a counter-hegemonic project is to think of it as a process of assembling new capacities to act, and these might take a few different forms. One of these is building organizational and institutional forms that can enable political action and thought to persist over time, beyond the reactive moment of protest (but often building out of it). In this, it is important that we work out, collectively “what we want.”
It can be informative to look back on the process by which the neoliberal thought collective worked out what it stood for, beyond an anti-socialist or anti-communist, pro-capitalist politics. This process took many decades to resolve into anything like a program, even on issues as foundational as the role of corporations or the attitude to take to unions. In this process for the left today, it is important that no singular voice dominates — for example, in attempts to push a “class first or only” perspective over those arguing for the central importance of gender and race within the struggle for a better future.
Clearly the world that we want will need to emerge from the neo-socialist movements and parties that have emerged in the last few years, but also very clearly from decolonization struggles, queer movements, socialist feminism and ecological groups. Building spaces and institutions in which these intersecting but non-identical movements and beliefs can negotiate and develop is therefore important.
It's also helpful to remember that we don't need to think in massively determinate bullet-point-listed plans. A strategic orientation needs to be flexible, and it is only in the course of trying to get some of what we desire that we can determine what is possible, in turn revising what we are aiming for. The list of demands we set out in Inventing the Future is our attempt to offer one possible starting point for such a process, oriented on the centrality of work and the opportunities new technology offers left politics to contend that. But a broad hegemonic politics will obviously need more than just what we propose to work effectively.
A final characteristic of a counter-hegemonic politics — of the kind we propose — is that it doesn't work as an “all or nothing” proposition. Rather, it advances in stages and across multiple fronts. It aims towards state power, but does not believe that state power alone will be sufficient to assure success. Just witness the failures of Syriza, to cite only the most recent example of an overly credulous belief in state power.
Universal Basic Income, full automation, a shortened workweek, and a diminishing of the work ethic — these are demands that you make for a counter-hegemonic image of the future. Are they realistic demands?
Nick & Alex: They push at the bounds of “reasonable” debate at the moment, but that is precisely the point. Our intention is to stretch out the Overton window; to bring about a shift in how work is valued and conceived of; and to push for a different approach to the question of employment. Yet at the same time they remain realistic demands — one can plausibly imagine their achievement in the next couple of decades.
This is important because part of a leftist counter-hegemonic project must be to give waypoints to broader aims. We must have goals that we can achieve immediately, goals that may take decades, and goals — say, full communism — that appear only on the distant horizon of possibility. Part of the problem in recent years has been that the left has aimed either at immediate goals, like resisting a specific austerity measure, or distant goals, like full communism, with little consideration of how to bridge the gap between the two. We think post-work is a viable and desirable midway point between these times, neither a utopian heaven on Earth nor a merely reactive protest. Such an agenda is designed in turn to open up new possibilities and more radical future options.
When you wrote the book, did you foresee it turning into a documentary? Or did you envision any other forms of artistic collaboration?
Nick & Alex: One of the central claims of the book is that to build a left politics capable of actually exerting power at a mass scale you need to intervene in the popular imaginary. The left, in both radical and more moderate forms, has to remember to think imaginatively, sometimes beyond the usual coordinates.
One of the most depressing features of late neoliberalism is its closing down of the sense that other ways of organizing the world are possible. A key political role of art in such times is to try to keep these alternative possibilities open, and in this sense, the project outlined by the book invokes an artistic response as much as a political or theoretical one. To date it has largely been musicians and visual artists who have responded to it, and it will be very interesting to see how its core ideas can be re-imagined in a narrative film.
Isiah, your debut feature 88:88 was met with stellar reviews after playing at the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF), the New York Film Festival (NYFF), Locarno and others. It was called “an avant-garde sensation” by IndieWire. What does it mean to be able to take that momentum into a collaborative project with a text that has received similar praise?
Isiah: 88:88 and Inventing the Future also received their share of criticism. To work together means to overcome individual weaknesses within a collective subject; but also within a subject, to confidently know what to ignore as mere babble or careerism. Critical thought isn't simply a pathway to a career in academia or film writing, since the goal isn't a career but post-work.
Nick and Alex talk about the virtues of a “post-work world.” What does a post-work world look like in cinema?
Isiah: Within cinema, we have an automated vision that seizes a phenomenal world in frames and a flicker. But cinema also knows that this automation in itself is not enough — there needs to be organization of “the before” of automated vision, as well as the during and the after. We need a découpage of automation and a montage of automation, an organization around the cut. Automation needs direction. The universal direction of political emancipation will not arise by itself through particular economic necessity. This automation must be linked to a politics that links itself to a name that points in a direction, even if the worker of this name has no special skill — in fact often this worker is not specialized at all, but enjoys taking part in all aspects of the production.
In cinema, post-work will not only appear within the frame, but outside of it as well. Itʼs not just, “What will post-work look like on screen?” It's also: “what will the automation of the movie look like?”; “what will film criticism and theorization look like when one can rely on UBI rather than disappear into a house-style?”; “what will the living standard of avant-garde filmmakers look like, as this would be the first time they are paid?”; “what will the new forms of compromise look like?”; “what type of movies would play in a movie theater?”; “what will cinema look like when, with UBI, one no longer needs to specialize if one does not desire to?”; “what does this mean for direction?”; and so on.
If we see a scene in a movie where people fall in love, marry, have children and a job, perhaps within post-work we can see new domestic arrangements: a synthetic birth that removes us from that oft-seen display of a woman in labor; the children can be raised by automated care or parents and others who no longer have to work and thus have time to think with children, to corrupt the youth and show impiety to the gods. Gone would be the scene telling a child to seek profit, or even worse, that math class where in an attempt to make mathematics more “exciting” the teacher says “this will help you in the real world…” Someone would not need to stay in an abusive relationship simply because living with someone makes paying rent easier — many scenes would simply disappear or become historical costume drama. These imagined scenes are conditioned from the perspective of what we presently live. But if we simulate conditions of post-work within the production, then our conditions of what we can rationally imagine can change as well.
You're obviously comfortable with theorizing the future. So, what do you hope this film is capable of doing within the socio-political and artistic landscapes of the future?
Isiah: One must not confuse cinema with politics, or even with art. If Inventing the Future is cinema, it needs to deploy simulated forms of UBI, automation, and so on, within the organization, creation and reception of the movie itself. If it doesn't, then it is not the future. By forcing a new model of creation we will find new ways to inhabit our names. The task is to invent and not merely hope.
Contribute to the Inventing the Future crowdfunding campaign here.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Update 12/15/15: Cargill announced that “they are confident the blue, plastic foreign material recently reported in one McDonald's Chicken Nugget in Japan did not originate from Cargill's production facilities.” The source of the plastic is unknown.
McDonald's Japan is having a rough start to 2015. Last week, the company apologized after a customer found plastic fragments in an order of Chicken McNuggets, which were thought to have been produced at a Cargill factory in Thailand. McDonald's pulled out nearly 1 million McNuggets from the factory in one day. The same week, a customer in Misawa found a piece of vinyl in an order of McNuggets.
In a statement about the plastic contamination, company spokesman Takashi Hasegasa said, “We deeply apologize for the trouble we have caused our customers and we are taking quick measures to analyze the cause of the contamination.”
Plastic and vinyl are, sadly, not the only gross items that customers have found in their McDonald's meals over the past year. In August, the company received a complaint from a customer in Osaka who had found the shard of a human tooth in an order of french fries. It was unclear at press time if the customer was in fact “lovin' it.“
In July, McDonald's shut down its poultry supplier in China, Shanghai Husi Food Co, after allegations that the factory had deliberately mixed fresh chicken with expired produce. The meat had then allegedly been shipped to McDonald's in Japan and Starbucks and Burger King in China.
The summer food scares led McDonald's Japan sales to drop more than 10 percent every month compared to the previous year, according to CNN. This fiscal year, the golden arches are bracing themselves for the their first net loss in Japan in 11 years.
In an effort to bounce back, McDonald's Japan launched a sales campaign with discounts, giveaways, and new nuggets made from tofu.
Neo-confederate southern-secessionist League of the South president Michael Hill warned last week about the “coming civil war in America.”
Such threats were common during the Obama administration, when it wasn't hard to find right-wing activists warning of violent revolution; even Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin warned at the Values Voter Summit last September that if Hillary Clinton won the nation might only recover from tyranny through the blood of “patriots” and “tyrants.”
But apparently Trump's victory was not enough to satisfy Hill, who complains about progressive activists' resistance to the current administration and the “elite, Jew-dominated media” that he says “have run interference for the left by pushing the anti-nationalist, progressive Narrative non stop.” Unlike other white nationalists, Hill had not been particularly excited about Trump's candidacy. But immediately after Trump's election last November, Hill saw opportunity and called for “no mercy” for “the enemies of our God, our Folk and our civilization”:
Once the globalist-progressive coalition of Jews, minorities, and anti-white whites stops reeling in confusion from the results of yesterday's election, we can expect them to start striking back with trickery and violence. Thus, we as Southern nationalists face both danger and opportunity. Now, more than ever, we need tight organization and numbers to help drive a stake through Dracula's heart and keep him from rising once again to menace our people and civilization. No mercy should be shown to the enemies of our God, our Folk, and our civilization. None would be afforded us.
Trump's call for a temporary ban on Muslim immigration wasn't enough for Hill, who called for deportation of all Muslims “and all other Third World immigrants.”
In his recent missive, Hill warned that it could only take one incident in which a supporter of one side or the other is killed to bring about “conflagration.” But he sees that as inevitable anyway:
I have long been convinced that the US was headed for a real civil war (that conflict from 1861-65 was not a “civil war” but a war between two sovereign nations) and that the left would precipitate it by their intolerance of any rule but their own. Their leftist ideology simply will not allow them to compromise for the sake of establishing a stable society in which differences are worked out peacefully by well- and long-established means. For the left, the so-called virtues of tolerance and diversity are ploys to be used against gullible conservatives. The left itself has no truck with either. They are interested only in establishing an ideological state that is at base anti-white and anti-Christian. It is high time “conservatives” wake up to the game that has been worked so successfully against them for the last half century. When someone like Trump, who ostensibly represents the interests of the normal white middle and working classes who elected him, stands in the way of the leftist work of progressing toward the establishment of their ideological state, leftists behave as they are at present–with violence and obstruction. The US has ceased to be a governable polity in 2017. It must split into at least two (and preferably more) separate, sovereign political entities to accommodate the two fundamental sides or it must be plagued with hostilities that ultimately will lead to open conflict and bloodshed on a scale unimaginable since World War Two in a civilized part of the world.
Michael Peroutka, the far-right former Constitution Party presidential candidate who is now a Republican county councilmember in Maryland, left the League of the South when his membership drew unfavorable attention during his 2014 election campaign. But he still said he didn't have any problem with the organization. Indeed, Peroutka spoke at the group's 2012 convention, where he asked participants to stand for the “national anthem” and then started singing “Dixie.” None of that prevented Peroutka from being welcomed by other right-wing leaders into membership in the secretive right-wing Council for National Policy network.
Financial hardship and chronic stress trigger cognitive biases that are ripe for exploitation by payday lenders such as Wonga
Lindsey Berry borrowed £10 from the online money lender Wonga. Just a few weeks later, interest charges, late payment fees and bank overdraft penalties had inflated her debt, and she found herself owing £85 with no money to buy food.
Cases like Lindsey's are increasingly common in the wake of the financial crisis: payday loan-related calls to the advice service National Debtline have risen 4,200% since 2007. But payday loan companies such as Wonga are cashing in, enjoying annual profits of £62.5m as cash-strapped consumers turn to short-term loans with mind-bogglingly high interest rates.
In July, the archbishop of Canterbury made waves by declaring that the Church of England would seek to "compete [Wonga] out of existence". The £2bn a year payday lending industry is currently under investigation by the Competition Commission after the Office of Fair Trading discovered evidence of irresponsible lending practices. Wonga recently raised its standard interest rate to 5,853% APR – meaning if you took out a loan for £10, you would owe £585 in interest a year later.
Why would anyone sign up for such a raw deal? Research in psychology can help explain how payday lenders command such a powerful – and toxic – appeal. Payday lenders profit from people's tendency to discount the future: distant rewards are worth less than immediate ones.
To give an example of how discounting works: £10 today might feel as worthwhile as £15 in a week, because the value of the future £15 is discounted. People differ a lot in the extent to which they discount future rewards. John might prefer £10 today over £20 in a week, while Bill might prefer £11 in a week over £10 today. John is a steeper discounter, which means he is far more likely than Bill to take out a payday loan.
If John borrowed £10 from Wonga, he would owe £16.59 in a week – a bargain, considering that the £10 today is subjectively worth more to him than £20 in a week. At the moment John takes out the loan, his decision is perfectly "rational" in the sense that it fits with his preferences. The problem arises later when the bill comes due: the £16.59 John owes now is no longer discounted, so repayment hurts – making John regret his earlier decision.
Neuroscience research suggests that exposure to stress can negatively impact people's economic decision-making. Recent studies have shown that the prefrontal cortex is critical for waiting patiently for future rewards; disrupting the function of the prefrontal cortex with electrical stimulation makes people discount the future more steeply.
Unfortunately, the prefrontal cortex is highly susceptible to disturbance from chronic stress, and the latest data suggests that stress hormones and stressful experiences make people discount the future more steeply. This means that the pressures of financial woes may impair the prefrontal cortex, making consumers even more likely to decide to take out a short-term loan than they otherwise would under less stressful circumstances.
Visit Wonga's website and the first thing you'll notice is that you can get up to £400 within just 5 minutes of your loan being approved. New research proposes that these kinds of adverts work so well because poverty narrows people's attention. The pressing demands of an overdue utility bill or an essential home repair may cause cash-strapped borrowers to fixate myopically on getting access to fast and easy cash – neglecting the fees and interest payments that sneak up on them later.
In a recent set of studies, subjects played a series of games. "Poor" subjects were given fewer shots to win at each game, while "rich" subjects were given more shots. The researchers found that poor subjects focused more intensely on each shot and were more likely to take out "loans" of extra shots – even though the loans depleted their savings for future games. As a result, poor subjects over-borrowed and earned less overall than rich subjects.
Strikingly, all of these studies were carried out in people who were relatively well-off – which means that any one of us might make bad financial decisions if faced with financial insecurity.
Scientists are still working out the precise details of how poverty shapes economic decision-making, but the existing data is clear: payday lenders target a population whose decision-making strategies are particularly vulnerable to exploitation. So how can we use these insights to better protect consumers?
If stress pushes borrowers into deals they later regret, then steps could be taken to prevent stressed customers from being exposed to tempting short-term loans. Recent work from our lab has shown that the most effective way to resist temptations is to avoid encountering them in the first place, because willpower often fails. Regulations that make it more difficult for consumers to access costly loans could function as a sort of collective "commitment device".
Limiting the ability of payday lending companies to advertise their services is a good first step; stronger approaches might include capping borrowing costs or prohibiting companies from lending to those who can't afford repayment.
If financial hardship narrows people's attention toward urgent cash-flow problems and encourages them to neglect the costs of borrowing, policies that re-focus attention toward costs may help. The Office of Fair Trade recently noted that payday lenders' adverts tend to emphasise speed and easy access to loans, rather than interest rates – the same features that make payday loans so dangerously attractive to those in dire financial straits.
At the very least, preventing payday lenders from showcasing these features in their ads, or requiring them to place more emphasis on borrowing costs, could partly mitigate the effects of poverty on borrowing decisions. An even more effective approach would be to limit the tempting features themselves, for example by imposing a delay before loan applicants can receive their cash.
Archbishop Welby's recent vow to offer competitive alternatives to companies like Wonga will fare far better if payday lenders are barred from advertising to susceptible populations and emphasising the most alluring features of loans while hiding their costs. Insights from psychology underscore the importance of smart regulations to prevent predatory companies from targeting the most vulnerable parts of consumers' brains.
National Debtline (0808 808 4000; www.nationaldebtline.co.uk) offers free, confidential and independent advice on how to deal with debt problems
Beers will be on hand from breweries like Revolution, Lagunitas, Pipeworks and Tangled Roots. View Full Caption Shutterstock
EDGEBROOK — Everyday Edgebrook will take advantage of an unseasonably warm first weekend of spring with an all-you-can-drink outdoor craft beer tasting event on Saturday.
The first-ever Cabin Fever Fest, named for its goal to jolt sunlight-deprived neighbors from their winter doldrums, will invite eight local craft breweries to pour samples of their most popular beers in the parking lot behind Local Goods Chicago, 5422 W. Devon Ave.
A $20 ticket (or $30 for a couple) grants each attendee a souvenir 5-ounce mug, which can be filled and refilled as long as it can be held upright.
The event will feature beer from Chicago craft behemoths like Revolution and Lagunitas alongside indie favorites like Pipeworks and Tangled Roots. Others range from the hyper-local Old Irving Brewing to suburban peers like Ten Ninety, Beer on the Wall and Oak Park Brewing Company.
For an extra cost, visitors can also buy hot dogs provided by Ivy's Burgers, Hot Dogs & Fries, 5419 W. Devon Ave., and tacos from Edgebrook Coffee Shop and Diner, 6322 N. Central Ave.
Donations will also be collected for Aqua Salon and The Elephant Thai Cuisine, which were damaged in a fire Sunday evening. A fundraising page for the two businesses had raised more than $3,500 by Thursday morning.
Cabin Fever Fest runs from 2-5 p.m. Space is limited; tickets can be bought online.
Cryptic Studios co-founder Jack Emmert is leaving Cryptic to become the CEO of Daybreak Studios in Austin. The studio is in charge of Daybreak's Superhero MMO DC Universe Online. That make Jack's third superhero MMO as he has previously worked on City of Heroes and Champions Online. Speaking about his new role he said the following.
“I'm very proud of what we accomplished at Cryptic Studios, and I'm ready for a new set of challenges. As a lifelong comic book fan, I'm thrilled to become part of the DCUO team and eager to engage and play alongside new communities of players. I look forward to being a part of the future of DCUO, as well as guiding our roster of new titles out of Daybreak Austin.”
Our Thoughts
It's difficult to imagine Cryptic Studios without Jack, but this is a fantastic opportunity for him and for DCUO. We can't wait to see what other titles Daybreak has up their sleeves, hopefully Jack's appointment suggests there will be more in the superhero genre, it's sadly lacking despite the massive popularity in the film industry. We look forward to seeing what this means both for Daybreak Studios and Cryptic Studios in the future.
Source: Press Release
Related: Champions Online
For nine seasons (eleven if you count All Stars,) RuPaul's Drag Race has been the eye-opening and awe-inspiring reality competition show that has exposed a nation to the nuances and artistry of drag. As new sets of queens enter the competition, and as the audience becomes more familiar with this subculture, new lessons are taught and new identities for the show are cultivated.
And each season – unique in its own way – has represented specific values and facets of the show, and of drag in general.
Here are 9 lessons of Drag Race…
Season 1: Exposure to Different Styles of Drag
Typically in the first season of a competition show, the contestants play things safe, as no bar has yet been set and they're not aware of how far the show will allow them to take their craft. But season 1 of RuPaul's Drag Race premiered with guns ablazing with some really eccentric and unique queens who were like nothing else the bulk of the viewers were likely to have seen before.
While some of the queens focused on how passable they looked as women, standouts Nina Flowers and Ongina threw caution to the winds of femininity with their glamorous androgyny – still untouched to this day in the competition – and Shannel gave you opulence with her immaculate showgirl costumes, proving to a pre-Drag Race audience that this was a serious artform and something that deep pride is taken in.
Finally, winner Bebe Zahara-Benet, immersing drag in her culture and Cameroon background, showcased drag's international appeal and applications. It's obvious why Ru chose these queens to represent most people's first time being exposed to drag: She wanted to open up our minds immediately to all of the possibilities. And these girls did not let us down.
Season 2: The High-Stakes of the Competition
With Bebe setting the high bar of what it means to be a winner in this competition and to be a part of the legacy that Ru had created, the second batch of girls has been some most competitive for the crown in the history of the show.
This strong sense of competitiveness was even broadcasted in the first ever season of Untucked, where we finally got to see what conversations take place right before the girls are selected for the chopping block. This season was filled to the brim with talented and charismatic beauties, which in itself calls for cattiness and drama of course. But it was the hunger and the pride of the queens in this season that made it a stand out and many viewers' favorite season to this day.
With the controversial Tyra Sanchez winning the crowd over audience favorites Raven and Jujubee, this was the season that proved to the world that this was not “RuPaul's Best Friend Race,” – even before Lashawn Beyond had coined the term – and that first and foremost, this was a competition with a stringent report card.
Season 3: The Value of Resourcefulness and Style
Every Drag Race fan knows Season 3 as the season of the sewing challenges. With a whopping four garment-design based challenges, it's no surprise that at the head of the competition were conceptual fashion plates Yara Sofia, Manila Luzon and the winner herself, Raja. From Manila Luzon's literal but beautiful Big Bird and Pineapple ensembles, to Yara Sofia's gravity-defying hair contraptions, to pretty much everything Raja dawned, this was a season of design and fashion that still lives in our hearts years later.
And the legendary battle of Heathers vs Boogers would beg the question of how important looks were over other entertainment values in the competition. But with the two most en pointe queens battling it out in a lipsync to RuPaul's “Champion” for the crown in the end, it was a sure sign that this show was going to not only take the artistry of design and the world of fashion seriously, but also turn it on its head.
Season 4: Drag's Diverse Applications
Sharon Needles said it best: “I refer to [Season 4 of Drag Race] as ‘the freak show.' Our cast consisted of a four-foot fish queen, a black Divine impersonator, a pudgy lollipop enthusiast, a witch and, oh, CHER! Something America truly has never seen before.” Season 4 was truly a standout, as it featured queens who not only contrasted each other visually, but each had their own unique take on what the artform of drag truly was.
From the pride Phi Phi and Kenya took in looking like glamorous women, to Willam's use of drag to portray cross-dressers and trans women on television, to Chad's unmatched abilities to impersonate and embody real life women, to Sharon's use of drag to wave a freak flag in society's face, they all brought something to the artform that was legitimate, inspired and at times, fantastically bizarre. And we couldn't have fallen more in love with this season for it.
Season 5: The Value of Comedy
In contrast to Season 3, where design challenges were plentiful, Season 5 was chock-full of comedy challenges. From hosting an innuendo-filled children's TV program, to acting out over the top Telenovelas, to straight up roasting RuPaul herself Kraft Music Hall-style, the girls were told to tickle our funny bones in almost every single episode. Even during their ballet performances and the challenge where they created perfume ads – where you'd think comedy had no place – the queens who made us crack up, placed the highest.
This aspect of the competition drove funny ladies Alaska and Jinkx Monsoon straight to the top, with Jinkx's win being slightly controversial as her fashion sense was questioned all throughout the season. But once again, the report cards in this competition don't lie. No one before Jinkx had ever made top scores eight weeks in a row. And Jinkx's well-deserved victory taught a country of Drag Race fans that the look does matter, but so does the entertainment value. In a way, I believe that that's the message my girl Honey was trying to express all along about San Francisco queens. I guess the San Francisco queens do know what's up *exhales on acrylic nails*
Season 6: The Battle of the Polished vs. the Polish Remover
Towards the end of this season, there would be a category of queens who were considered to be seasoned and dusted (Bianca Del Rio, Courtney Act,) and a category of queens who the judges considered to have much room for improvement, (Joslyn Fox, Trinity K Bonet and Adore Delano.) While Bianca and Courtney were visually appealing and polished, receiving gold stars for almost every challenge and never falling into the bottom two the entire season, the girls who were considered underdogs were the heart of the season, and the reason why Season 6 of Drag Race would be so beloved.
Adore Delano fell into the bottom several times in the competition, lip-synced for her life twice and was read for filth on the runway half the episodes, and yet she impacted the competition so strongly that a believable alternate ending of the show was shot where Bianca and Adore would both be crowned the winners. It taught the audience that while seasoned perfectionist Bianca did win in the end, that a contestant's impact on the competition can take a contender far, despite a low report card.
Season 7: The Validity of the Old and New Styles of Drag
Season 7 proved to be one of the least friendly seasons in the show's history, despite the new and more personal format of Untucked. As the competition heated up and the number of girls began to dwindle down, a divide formed between the older queens, who were highly seasoned entertainers, and the younger queens, who were ready to make daring stylistic changes to the art of drag.
The older queens, or Bitter Old Lady Brigade, as Ginger has called them, were used to the classic styles of drag, from lots of padding, big hair, over the top garments. With many coming from pageant backgrounds, they valued competitiveness and the ability to take on a wide variety of performance challenges.
On the other hand, the modelesque younger queens were ready to take the world of fashion by storm with their brand of drag. From Violet Chachki's corseted 18-inch waist, to Pearl's minimalistic flowy garments, to Max's modern take on vintage garments, to Miss Fame's revolutionary makeup methods, this season was full to the brim with memorable high-fashion moments. But many of these girls struggled during performance-based challenges and ultimately their fashion sense couldn't save some of them from the chopping block.
The girls battled it out all season long, trying to convince those of the other team to see value in what they do. The older queens constantly put down the younger queens for not padding their bodies enough, not being more cut-throat or passionate in the same way as them and not having as much range in performance value. While the younger queens felt that the Bitter Old Lady Brigade were so focused on the competition that they weren't focused enough on being artistic or creative.
While there's right and wrong in the arguments of both sides, there was a recurring and sensitive theme throughout the entire season: Body positivity and representation. Jasmine Masters made negative remarks about Violet's ultra-slim figure, Ginger and Jaidynn did their damndest to be a positive and fearless representation of full-figured individuals and people constantly criticized Pearl and Violet for not padding their bodies “enough.” The topic always arose and begged the question of what bodytype was ideal for the artistry of drag. Ultimately, we got our answer when the top four included full-figured pageant queens Ginger and Kennedy Davenport, and modelesque Pearl and Violet. That all along, there was no right or wrong bodytype for drag. It was all about finding the garments that worked for you…and not dressing up like a bedazzled chicken on fire.
Season 8: The Sisterhood of Drag
After tackling the least friendly season, we now move onto the most friendly and loving group of girls to be on the show in a while. This was probably the most drama-free season of Drag Race to ever exist. The fights on the show were particularly mild and the fights on Untucked were almost non-existent.
During Seasons 4 and 5, the drama was so juicy and the fights were so heated that you yourself almost felt uncomfortable merely sitting at home watching Untucked on a laptop 9 months after the drama already happened. Whereas this season, when the designated villains Derrick Barry and Acid Betty were ready to get into an argument, they rarely had takers. There were moments when Derrick put down Naomi or Bob, or even when Acid Betty put down Kim Chi. But many of the contestants were focused on doing well for the judges moreso than each other, and so the fights never lasted more than a few minutes and never rose past a 5/10 on the Drag Race drama scale.
And ultimately, the top three was made up of some of the friendliest people in the competition. To this day, Naomi, Kim Chi and Bob are extremely close and support each other's shows and work constantly. They represent a sisterhood in a community that can many times be dismissed as being full of catty and vain people. Proving that – believe it or not – this very important and big-hearted side of drag doesn't only exist in the workroom as the queens powder their noses in handheld mirrors.
Season 9: Life's Second Chances
Season 9 is not yet over yet as of press time, and already it is the season of redemption and second chances.
From Cynthia Lee Fontaine's return to the competition, to Eureka's offer to compete in Season 10 after sustaining a leg injury and being forced to leave the show prematurely, to Cynthia and Farrah both getting to continue in the competition after Eureka's departure, this season is full of hopeful storylines.
But more importantly, it gives the queens chances to talk about the very important second chances life has offered them. From several queens admitting their former battles with eating disorders, to Charlie Hides discussing his survivor's guilt after friends had passed during the height of the AIDS crisis in the 80s, to Cynthia “kicking cancer in the cucu,” these queens represent what RuPaul has always believed to be the main theme of the show: The tenacity of the human spirit.
While Drag Race has been greenlit for a tenth season, no one quite knows how many years we have left with this program. But regardless of the future direction the show takes, it's been clear from the beginning what the point of it all has been. And that's to show the viewer what people in general are capable of.
The show is about so much more than just men in wigs. It's about what you can make of your life despite the natural adversity and rejection life puts in our way. And that's the one takeaway guaranteed every single season.
BMW announced Monday its plan to add approximately 1,000 jobs to their Spartanburg, S.C. plant by 2021.
The announcement comes at a time when President Trump has placed enormous pressure on automakers to expand their American presence and curb the number of foreign imports. In the wake of BMW's previous announcement to build a plant in Mexico, Trump even threatened to put a 35 percent import duty on the foreign-made vehicles.
The German-based automaker sees this announcement as a way to curry favor with the new president. “The investment automakers make in communities and the jobs they create has been especially important because of Trump,” Michelle Krebs, an Autotrader analyst, told Bloomberg.
BMW CEO Harald Krueger also announced that this expansion will be coupled with an investment of $600 million, with $200 million in funding for workforce training and education, at the facility.
Both South Carolina Governor, Henry McMaster, and South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham, were in attendance at the unveiling, signaling their support for BMW's increased presence in the Palmetto State. In recognizing BMW's commitment to their South Carolina plant, McMaster acknowledged BMW's role as, “the gift that keeps on giving.”
Although this announcement can be seen as a victory for Trump's America First message, Senator Graham argued that the globalization trend cannot be completely stemmed.
“I'm an American politician who likes German cars,” Graham said, and “To those who fear globalization, embrace it, because it's not going away.”
Already employing over 9,000 workers, the Spartanburg plant announced record production over the past year, producing over 400,000 units, with 70 percent being exported.
Dak Prescott and Carson Wentz have both been winning rookies, but Prescott's performance has been superior. USA TODAY Sports, Icon Sportswire
The raw passing numbers of rookies Dak Prescott of the Dallas Cowboys and Carson Wentz of the Philadelphia Eagles look fairly similar:
Editor's Picks Wentz or Prescott? NFL execs make their pick "I'd take either one right now, sign a 10-year contract and go," one GM said of Carson Wentz and Dak Prescott. The future is bright for the rookie duo, but which QB would NFL teams rather have?
Prescott: 68.7 completion percentage, 7 passing touchdowns, 1 interception, 103.9 passer rating
Wentz: 63.8 completion percentage, 8 passing touchdowns, 3 interceptions, 92.7 passer rating
But through the lens of Total QBR, a significant difference emerges. Prescott leads the league with an 82.9 QBR, while Wentz ranks 29th with a 49.9. Both quarterbacks have been good enough to win (the Cowboys are 5-1 heading into their Sunday night showdown against the 4-2 Eagles), so where do the differences in their performances lie?
Context is key
Total QBR is opponent-adjusted, so a good performance against a bad defense is weighed as such. Wentz's numbers are hurt by the fact that he's faced the easiest set of QBR defenses in the league thus far.
For example, in Week 1, Wentz had an unadjusted QBR of 66.1, which looks pretty good by itself, but if we take into account that it came at home, the opponent was the Cleveland Browns and that it was the second-lowest opponent QBR allowed by the Browns this season, it gets adjusted down to a 53.2 -- just about average. This isn't isolated to just the Browns game. Wentz has the lowest QBR allowed by the Lions and the Redskins as well. A look at the strength of Wentz's performances for each team Philadelphia has played:
Week Opponent Wentz Raw QBR Rank among QBs faced 1 Browns 66.1 6th of 7 2 Bears 58.8 5th of 7 3 Steelers 78.9 2nd of 7 5 Lions 58.9 7th of 7 6 Redskins 30.7 7th of 7 7 Vikings 13.0 4th of 6
Prescott has also faced a fairly easy set of opponents (28th easiest of 31 qualified quarterbacks) but has exceeded what other quarterbacks have done against those defenses:
Week Opponent Prescott Raw QBR Rank among QBs faced 1 Giants 60.2 4th of 7 2 Redskins 88.2 2nd of 7 3 Bears 98.8 1st of 7 4 49ers 84.7 2nd of 7 5 Bengals 87.5 1st of 7 6 Packers 70.4 2nd of 6
It's worth noting that the duo shares a pair of common games so far, having both played Washington and Chicago. In both cases, Prescott had a vastly superior raw QBR (98.8 to 58.8 against Chicago and 88.2 to 30.7 against Washington) to Wentz.
Moving the chains on third down
One big spot in which Prescott has separated himself from Wentz is third down. Prescott has the sixth-best raw QBR on third down, with a 72.0, while Wentz ranks 22nd with a 36.8.
The big driver here is their conversion rates when passing. Both have converted their only third-down scramble attempt and have taken five sacks apiece, but when they do throw on that down, Prescott has converted 48 percent of his attempts into first downs, where Wentz has converted only 35 percent of his attempts -- less than the league average of nearly 40 percent.
Overall Prescott is completing 73.1 percent of his third-down pass attempts, best of any quarterback in the league, while Wentz is connecting at a 56.3 percent rate, slightly less than the league average (59.4 percent).
Carson Wentz third-down chart Hank Gargiulo/ESPN
Dak Prescott third-down chart Hank Gargiulo/ESPN
Wentz reliant on short passes
No qualified quarterback has a higher percentage of pass attempts come on screen plays than Wentz at 16 percent, and only Matthew Stafford has attempted more screen passes overall (32 to Wentz's 29). Wentz also has the second-highest percent of attempts at or behind the line of scrimmage of qualified quarterbacks, slightly behind Alex Smith at 27.6 percent.
These shorter passes by design are set up to help the quarterback, and QBR takes that into account when dividing credit on the play. So when Wentz connects with running back Darren Sproles 5 or 6 yards behind the line of scrimmage and Sproles ends up with a big gain, most of the credit there is given to Sproles and the offensive line, not Wentz. Meanwhile, Prescott is in the bottom third of the league in passes at or behind the line of scrimmage, with just 17 percent of his attempts in that range, less than the league average of 20.7 percent.
When we add everything up, we see that Wentz has not outplayed other quarterbacks who have faced the same defenses, is not converting third downs at a high rate and is reliant on having his receivers make plays for him on short passes, all in contrast to Prescott.
All of the above tells the QBR story -- even if the raw numbers and team records would suggest the players are equal.
Thought I post another update with some more news on what we are doing here at Red Hat in preparation for our continued push forward for Wayland on Fedora. Peter Hutterer posted his first draft of the Wayland protocol extension to handle Wacom tablets, you can find more details in his Google Plus post. This effort is also a good illustration of our approach to the Wayland switchover, it is not just about working on some high level bits to port them over to existing APIS or protocols provided by Kristian Høgsberg and the other core Wayland devs, but actively contributing to the whole stack where needed.
Giovani Campagna continued his great work on porting the needed GNOME stack over, with his patches to Clutter now being available in a release.
Our biggest challenge currently is with XWayland, due to some internal projects that had to get priority we have not had the amount of time we hoped to worked on it yet, but we hope to rally a bit in order to get it to a state in F20 where we can at least have our GDM Wayland session working.
I would also like to point out that I have seen some headlines around the web where people are excited about the Wayland work happening in Fedora and around GNOME 3.10. And it is exciting as things are falling into place very fast these days for Wayland, but still I ask people to keep their cool a bit as we are branding it a tech preview in F20 for a reason. So for developers we hope that this tech preview will provide an easy-to-use harness for running Wayland and testing your applications against Wayland, but in no way is this tech preview going to be something that an end user would even want to run. So when I see Slashdot headlines like “GNOME 3.10 Is Now Properly Supported On Wayland” I get a little worried because to me such a headline implies that things are in a much more mature state than they actually are. Our expectation and hope is to have something that can be considered fully working and ready for end users in the Fedora 21 and GNOME 3.12 timeframe, and that is the releases in which I feel such headlines are likely to be warranted.
So yes, the Wayland stuff we are working is cool and I think we have some killer features planned to be deployed on top of it, but lets do this right and not jump the gun here.
"You are invited to celebrate the birthday of Mr Donald Trump on 12 noon 14 June, 2016 At Jantar Mantar, New Delhi," a poster released by Hindu Sena said.
Right-wing group Hindu Sena, which last month held a puja in New Delhi to pray for Donald Trump's victory in the US election, is now planning to celebrate the presumptive Republican nominee's birthday tomorrow.
"You are invited to celebrate the birthday of Mr Donald Trump on 12 noon 14 June, 2016 At Jantar Mantar, New Delhi," a poster released by Hindu Sena said. Trump turns 70 tomorrow.
"Join us and let's celebrate the birthday of the saviour of humanity, the Republican presidential nominee of the Unites States of America," the invitation, signed off by Sena's Vishnu Gupta, reads.
Last month, with about a dozen people in attendance, Hindu Sena had lit ritual fire and held a 'havan' at the same venue and wished their "hero" Trump victory in the presidential poll to "save the humanity from Islam and Islamic terror".
Also read: Donald Trump says Florida massacre proves he's right on Islamist threat
The UN General Assembly adopted six resolutions on the situation of the Palestinians on Wednesday, including a demand for Israel to withdraw from the Golan Heights.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The move comes a day after the new President of the UN General Assembly, Peter Thompson, was seen wearing a Palestinian scarf whilst at a UN committee hearing.
The resolution, called UNGA Resolution A/71/L.8, was put forth by over 35 countries, including Bahrain, Bolivia, Cuba, Ecuador, Indonesia, Egypt, Syria, Jordan, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Zimbabwe, and the Palestinian delegation, amongst others.
Israeli Ambassador to the UN Danny Danon
The resolution calls for peace talks between Syria and Israel and Lebanon and Israel to be restarted immediately, calls for the Israeli withdrawal from the Golan Heights, and determines that Israel being in the Golan Heights and Israel's de-facto annexation of the Golan Heights represents a key stumbling block to regional peace.
It was passed in the UN General assembly by a vote of 103 for, 6 against (Canada, Federated States of Micronesia, Israel, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the United States), and 56 abstentions.
The resolution is one of six anti-Israel resolutions passed Wednesday, another being on the status of Jerusalem (A/71/L.22). In it, the UN expressed “its determination that any actions taken by Israel, the occupying Power, to impose its laws, jurisdiction and administration on the Holy City of Jerusalem are illegal and therefore null and void and have no validity whatsoever”.
The representative from Israel said in the assembly following the vote that “it was shameful how some countries had yet to accept the existence of Israel and abused the General Assembly to spread baseless allegations,” and that the resolutions seek to provide a “biased narrative.”
She continued, saying “since 2015, terror attacks against Israelis had claimed the lives of 42 citizens and injured over 600 and yet today's resolutions made no mention of those victims.”
“Furthermore, the resolutions under discussion did not mention the internationally recognized terror organization Hamas. No one should delude themselves: supporting the resolutions and the inherent bias against Israel would not advance the cause of peace. Rather it would only make peace harder to achieve,” the representative added.
The US delegation meanwhile, said the US was “profoundly troubled by the submission of a disproportionate number of one-sided resolutions that had been designed to condemn Israel.”
UNGA President Peter Thompson with a Palestinian scarf
The delegate continued, adding that “it (is) manifestly unjust that the United Nations, an institution founded on the idea that all nations should be treated equally, was so often used by Member States to treat Israel unequally.”
Lambasting the UN, the delegate continued, saying “three United Nations bodies in particular reflected the bias and unnecessary costs of such resolutions and wasted limited resources. Costing approximately $6.1 million in 2015, they did nothing to contribute to peace in the region.”
The US however did reiterate that it views the settlements as a stumbling block for peace.
Syria for its part, thanked the member states who voted for the resolution, saying the vote “sent a clear message to Israel that its killing, settlement expansion and forcible annexation of land ran counter to international principles.”
The next round: The UN Security Council
Meanwhile, the Israeli Foreign Ministry is expecting a tough fight against several anti-Israel resolutions which are due to be voted on at the UN Security Council before US President Obama leaves office.
There are three initiatives which especially worry Israel; initiatives from New Zealand, the Palestinians, and France.
New Zealand
New Zealand, which will be vacating its position on the council soon, wants to put forth a resolution which will require Israel to condemn settlement construction, condemn violence and incitement from both the Israelis and the Palestinians, condemn the humanitarian situation in Gaza, and call for an immediate re-start of negotiations between the Palestinians and the Israelis. A draft resolution is expected to be submitted in the coming days
The Palestinians
The Palestinians are trying to pass a resolution which will term the Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal. Israel is worried that such a decision will prepare the groundwork for sanctions, and be a precursor for an indictment against Israel at the International Criminal Court in The Hague.
France
The French resolution calls for an international peace conference, which Israel has already expressed its opposition to. The opposition is premised on the fact that the initiative calls on a time table for discussions, and that should no agreement be reached, France will automatically recognize a Palestinian state.
Israel believes that the US will use its veto power over the French and Palestinian initiatives, yet is unsure as to US action towards the New Zealand initiative. This is because the New Zealand initiative does not seem to be unilaterally condemning one side or the other for incitement and violence.
While Israel is working primarily with the Americans in the Security Council, Israel is also working with other countries as well.
US Secretary of State is expected to discuss the issue at the upcoming Saban Forum.
DUNEDIN — T.J. Guerrero has gained international attention this week because of his lemonade stand. • Since a story about a neighbor's efforts to shut down the 12-year-old boy's venture ran in Sunday's Tampa Bay Times, T.J. has been given donations, treated to a limo ride and featured in news reports from New York to Europe. He also has given back by donating some of the money to a local animal shelter.
The neighbor, Doug Wilkey, hasn't fared as well. He is now under investigation by the city for — of all things — potentially running a business out of his home without a license.
A tipster contacted the city and pointed officials toward records that show Wilkey, as recently as March, listed his Patricia Avenue home as the principal business address for Bayport Financial Services.
Planning director Greg Rice said officials were drafting a letter notifying Wilkey, 61, that all companies operating in the city require a business tax license, which costs about $45 a year, and that home-based-business owners must sign an affidavit agreeing to follow special rules.
The Times reported Sunday that Wilkey had spent the last two summers urging City Hall and police to end the "illegal business" T.J. was running in a residential area. He ordered two reporters to leave his property Thursday.
"The irony is (Wilkey's) not following the rules either, or doesn't seem to be," Rice said.
He could face daily fines of $250 if he does not comply with the ordinance.
Meanwhile, T.J. was across town presenting $200 to the Humane Society of Pinellas, where his family years ago adopted a pit bull mix, Jazzmyn, 4.
The money was just a small portion of donations and other goodwill that have poured in since the story went viral.
Most people sided with T.J., who pairs his lemonade earnings with lawn-mowing cash to pay for things like his cellphone bill and dinners with his mother.
T.J. was interviewed by several local television news stations, and the nationally aired Fox & Friends sent a limo at 5:20 one morning to drive T.J. to Tampa, where the Palm Harbor Middle Schooler taped a segment with the show's New York anchors before class.
The Mike Calta Show on 102.5 the Bone set up a lemonade stand in T.J.'s usual spot Monday, inviting listeners from across Tampa Bay to surprise the boy when he came home from school. They raised nearly $1,100.
When the stand ran low on supplies, the family said, an anonymous donor drove from Tampa to drop off 10 bags of lemons, sugar and ice. They said other groups, including the American Legion and radio listeners in St. Petersburg, have hosted their own lemonade fundraisers for T.J.
As many as 10 people have rung the doorbell to express support, and admirers from as far away as Canada have phoned or emailed to offer donations ranging from $5 to $250 and even an iPad. Several readers said T.J.'s entrepreneurial spirit touched them.
His mother, Lori Guerrero, said the family was "overwhelmed" and "shocked" by the support.
T.J., who treated his mother this week to dinner at Juan's Mexican Grill in Dunedin, said he plans to put most of the donations in savings. His parents are setting up a college fund, and the family is exploring other charitable options.
"This situation has taught me to not let one person knock me down," T.J. said, "and to just get right back up."
Business is booming.
Tuesday and Wednesday alone, T.J. said he went through 13 pitchers of lemonade, even though Wednesday's shift had to be cut short.
There was homework to be done, his mom said. "School always comes first."
Contact Keyonna Summers at [email protected] or (727) 445-4153. Follow @KeyonnaSummers.
SAN FRANCISCO—Top Xiaomi executives announced plans to enter the American market this year, minus handsets—at least for now.
"We intend to launch mi.com in the US in a few months," Hugo Barra, a Xiaomi vice president, told reporters at a press event on Thursday.
Mi.com is the Chinese startup's answer to Amazon—a one-stop online shop currently only available in China where users can buy a vast assortment of consumer electronics under the Xiaomi brand. The company, previously known for making smartphones and tablets in China (and for frequently copying Apple's designs), clearly wants to build a dominating ecosystem to sell products and services.
"Market size matters the most," Bin Lin, the president and co-founder of Xiaomi added. "We are really not looking to make money on a per-device basis, but users matter."
Later, he mentioned specifically that Xiaomi was interested in expanding to Russia, Brazil, the Middle East, other Asian countries, and more Latin American countries, but lamented the fact that the American market remains dominated by contract-driven carrier-subsidized handsets. Last year alone, Xiaomi, the world's number three handset manufacturer, sold over 61 million phones worldwide.
"We have never done a deal with a carrier," he said.
"In the US, unfortunately, the carriers have really tight control," Bin told reporters after the event. "I just don't know how customers would appreciate it if they were able to go into a carrier store and take away the phone for free. Is it changing? If that's changing, that's good news."
Xiaomi also announced that MIUI, its custom Android ROM, has over 100 million users. Besides shipping on Xiaomi's Android devices, MIUI is available for download for over a hundred Android devices, just like CyanogenMod. If you consider it a custom Android ROM, that number makes it the most popular by a landslide—CyanogenMod only has 12 million active users as of June 2014.
The Xiaomi handsets, though, currently dominating in China, have yet to even be announced for the US market.
"No timeline, it's not in our plan at this point," Barra, a former Google executive, said.
Mi, a name I call myself
The mi.com store already sells a number of Xiaomi products, including the famed handsets that boast features in China that most Americans would love, such as the ability to "beautify" a person in a selfie, which "adapts to subjects' age and gender." In China, apparently that means automatically widening women's eyes and homogenizing skin tone.
Barra also showed off other features that are unheard of in the United States, such as the ability to "record any phone call with one touch," or "to book a doctor's appointment in the UI," or buy movie tickets, train tickets, make an in-person appointment at the bank, or even order McDonald's for delivery.
"The next huge opportunity could be in the smart phone and smart device area," he said, introducing the Mi Smart Home. "It connects through the cloud with one interface, your phone."
Xiaomi hopes to "turn any home appliance into a smart device" by selling small modules that can be attached by the manufacturer—such as an air purifier (necessary in polluted Chinese cities). Barra and Bin didn't provide many more details about this plan, rushing through the end of their presentation.
Barra added that the mi.com store in the US will only sell "things like headphones, the Mi Band that I'm wearing right now, and other simpler products that have few, if any, certification requirements." Presumably the store would also include the battery pack, which has already won over some fans in the US, including a TechCrunch editor.
I have a 10,400 mAh Xiaomi battery pack. It charges my iPhone several times over. It's really well made. It costs 14 bucks. Extrapolate. — Matthew Panzarino (@panzer) February 12, 2015
While they weren't mentioned as coming to the US, Xiaomi also manufactures smart TVs, Wi-Fi routers, set-top boxes, and an air purifier. On the back of its rapidly growing Chinese store (and much smaller international stores in India, Indonesia, and other countries), Xiaomi raised over $1.1 billion in venture capital late last year, putting valuation at over $46 billion.
But its rapid rise doesn't mean the company will soon sell shares at an initial public offering (IPO)—like another Chinese startup darling, Ali Baba, which went public in the US in 2014.
"No, we don't have plans for an IPO at any time shortly, not in the next three to five years," Bin noted.
Entering the US has always been a risky proposition for Xiaomi, as many of its unoriginally designed products could get tied up in lawsuits. The company has indicated it's starting to play the intellectual property game, though, and presumably products that blatantly infringe on others' designs would be kept out of the US.
"Last year we applied for 2,000 patents and are waiting for them to be granted, this year it will be double that number." Bin said.
The continent of Asia is a dynamic, history rich continent that is filled with adventure and breathtaking places to discover. As you look at a map of Asia there are many things that will grab your attention. Rugged coastline, mountain ranges, jungles and plains can all be found throughout the continent of Asia. When attempting to decide which region is worth the investment to visit it's wise to consult a travel guide and choose which type of vacation you prefer. Asia is a large landmass and has a wide variety of cultures. For guests looking for more of a history tour, China, Japan and Turkey have many guided tours that are included with resort packages to those countries. Hong Kong, Bangkok, Singapore, Indonesia, Thailand and the Philippines also have all inclusive resort and hotel packages.
For adventure seeking visitors there are a plethora of vacation packages available. Thailand offers sea kayaking, limestone stacks to climb, jungle treks and safaris. In the northern region of Thailand there are mountains to hike and rain forests to explore. Bali, Indonesia is a lush volcanically active landscape that offers ocean rafting, snorkeling, and other water adventures. In Chengdu-Sichuan, China guests will be delighted as they discover the temple pools of Yellow Dragon National Park. And of course, there is Mt. Everest in Nepal which provides the ultimate challenge for mountain climbers.
The Philippines and Maldives are fabulous beach destinations that have many resorts to choose from. You can stay at an all inclusive hotel that has facilities that provide unparalleled spa services for their guests and incredible food selections prepared by world class chefs. Relaxation paradise is what visitors will find when vacationing in the countries of Southern Asia.
China and Japan are century old countries that offer intense modernization in their cities but rich tradition in the rural communities. A trip to China can include a Yangtze River Cruise, a hotel stay in Beijing or a mysterious Tibet tour. In Japan, visitors can experience an exotic luxury vacation. Stay in the capital city of Tokyo and visit the oldest temple in Asakusa or see the Imperial Palace and stroll through the East Gardens. Shopping and entertainment in Tokyo's Shinjuku district is like nothing else on earth. For history lovers, head to Kamakuru just south of Tokyo and tour shrines, temples and other monuments including the statue of Buddha.
Asia is a diverse landmass with many unique cultures and traditions tucked away behind the city lights. Exploring the area is an exotic adventure and can be an experience of a lifetime. Whether looking for a thrill in the rain forest, climbing Mt. Everest in Nepal, exploring centuries old shrines or simply relaxing on a private beach island of the coast of Thailand, the continent of Asia has it all waiting for you to discover.
When it comes to travel destinations, you cannot go wrong with an Asian holiday. The continent is so full of exciting locales, vibrant cultures and exotic cuisine that you'd be tempted to return more than once in the future. Three of the region's highlights include China, South Korea and Japan, the trifecta of countries that are really the jewels in Asia's crown. These nations have sped forward in today's multinational world, and are prime examples of how Asian resourcefulness has promoted success and happiness in an effective manner.
Below the equator in the southern hemisphere lies a plethora of islands boasting spectacular landscape and thriving cities. Whether looking to spend time away in Bora Bora or exploring the outback of Australia visitors to this area won't be disappointed in this destination.
The Islands of the South Pacific include Fiji, Cook, Tonga and Tahiti just to name a few. Guests can enjoy scenic rain forests, gorgeous beaches and attempt a cliff dive while staying on the main island of Fiji called Viti Levu. The Cook Islands are comprised of 15 different islands and the most popular is Rarotonga. The beaches of Rarotonga are known around the world for their beauty and soft, white sand. With cool limestone caves to explore and an extremely laid back environment, a week at the Cook Islands is relaxation at its best. In Tonga and Tahiti guests will enjoy whale watching, sailing, hiking up the mountains and of course, enjoying the beach. Bora Bora in Tahiti is one of the most scenic islands in the world and provides the ultimate in spa services and luxury indulgence.
The Solomon Islands are a place for the history lovers that also crave adventure. There are over 85 different dialects spoken and it's still extremely tribal. Guests can spend time scuba diving, snorkeling or get crazy and watch crocodile wrestling in Makera. A trip to the Solomon Islands is an adventure that will not quickly be forgotten.
New Zealand is a haven for outdoor enthusiasts and guests may want to consult a travel guide so they don't miss out on all there is to discover here. Explore Fiordland National Park, Rotorua Geysers or Mount Cook and feel like you have just stepped into a scene from the National Geographic. In the city of Auckland guests will find several resorts and hotels that offer touring packages to allow guests to experience all the rugged landscape and scenic spots throughout New Zealand.
East Asia Travel
This is your portal to the world's most exotic countries, their cultures and their cuisines, Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Brunei, Korea, Philippines, Indonesia, East Timor, Myanmar and Japan Travel to the best beaches and islands. Visit hill tribes in Northern Thailand, negotiate the red-light district of Bangkok, explore the ethnic areas of Singapore, the islands of Penang, Langkawi, Bali and Lombok, Phuket and Koh Samui.
We shall negotiate the red-light district of Bangkok, explore the ethnic areas of Singapore, the islands of Penang and Langkawi, Bali and Lombok, Phuket and Koh Samui.
We shall follow in the footsteps of Graham Greene in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, explore Angkor Wat in Cambodia, and advise on the best hotels and restaurants in all the places we visit.
Australia/New Zealand/Oceania Travel
Welcome to your gateway to travel in Australia, New Zealand and Oceania offering easy to access information about all aspects of travel in this captivating part of the world. Discover luxury New Zealand getaway breaks and experience the extreme thrill of bungy jumping. Read about an artist's retreat in Noosa, the remoteluxury lodge Wharekauhau Estate, and Rotorua, New Zealand's thermal wonderland.
Oceania is a name used to cover the islands of the South Pacific and is sometimes classified into three regions of Melanesia, Micronesia and Polynesia. Many of these islands are popular as holiday and honeymoon destinations, including Fiji, Cook Islands, Tahiti, Samoa, New Caledonia, Tonga and Vanuatu. The region has many coral atolls, volcanic islands and pristine palm-fringed beaches. It is a large and magnificent area to travel where you can enjoy the local culture and participate in snorkelling and all types of water sports, plus so much more.
Australia, New Zealand and the pacific islands in Oceania offer incredibly diverse opportunities for travellers.
South Asia/China Travel
This is your gateway to the exotic lands of South Asia, from mainland China and Hong Kong to the hot spots of Sri Lanka and India and the mighty summits of the Himalaya. We will explore the neighbouring states of Pakistan and Bangladesh, take a look at the Maldives and head off the beaten track in Bhutan and Nepal.
We will visit colourful festivals and temples, luxury hotels, budget hideaways, go on a trek or two, stroll through mountains and cities, spice gardens and tea plantations and discover the fascinating cultures, fabulous scenery and cuisine of these far away lands.
Central Asia Travel
This region has traditionally been hidden from the rest of the world, travel here being difficult due to the great mountains to the south and the east (and indeed, inside much of central Asia), and the vast grasslands in the west and the north. It was accessible only to travellers on the great silk road between China and Europe, and to armies of conquerors coming from the east and the north. For this reason few came here, and tourism was almost unknown here till a few years ago. This was a cause for not knowing the very existence of a very nice tourism destination for many.
In fact, Ferghana in Kyrgyzstan, and Bukhara & Samarkand in Uzbekistan were the world's finest destinations at that time.
While some intrepid few managed to visit, for much of the twentieth century, large parts of central Asia inside China, the USSR, and Afghanistan were forbidden areas for foreigners (and even for countrymen), and visa was strictly by internal permission and extensive documents. So there were practically no agents offering tours and travels in Kyrgyzhstan, Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan.
For today's visitor, all this has changed. With the collapse of the Soviet Union, foreigners can come and go as they wish and the treasures of Central Asia are again available for viewing by anyone who wishes to see them, for the first time in many centuries. Though some areas (namely Afghanistan) are troubled areas, other destinations are as peaceful as you want them to be! The three best out of all these travel destinations are Kyrgystan, Uzbekistan, and Kazakhstan.
Middle East Travel
This is your gateway to the Middle East, an area stretching from Turkey to Tajikistan; Kazakhstan to Yemen. It's where time began, where Judaism, Christianity and Islam had their roots and where the great civilizations were born.
Travel ancient trails from Jerusalem to where Jesus Christ was baptized by the River Jordan, discover Petra or make the pilgrimage from Damascus to Mecca. Explore Syria's Crusader castles, join Marco Polo on the Silk Road to Samarkand or trek with camels, like Lawrence of Arabia, across the Wadi Rum.
Read exclusive features on the best holidays and vacations, advice on hotels, resorts, transport, restaurants and reviews of festivals, food, wine, music and books.
Last updated on July 5, 2017 at 6:13 pm. Word Count: 1671
A column or article in the Opinions section (in print, this is known as the Editorial Pages).
Opinion A column or article in the Opinions section (in print, this is known as the Editorial Pages).
How Trump's budget stacks up to his past promises Embed  Copy Share       Play Video 2:55 President Trump made a lot of promises to the American people during his campaign, but parts of his spending proposal seem to contradict some of those pledges. (Video: Jenny Starrs/Photo: Melina Mara/The Washington Post) President Trump made a lot of promises to the American people during his campaign, but parts of his spending proposal seem to contradict some of those pledges. President Trump made lofty promises during his campaign, but parts of his spending proposal seem to contradict some of those pledges. (Video: Jenny Starrs/Photo: Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
Some people are complaining that Some people are complaining that the budget proffered by the Trump administration , despite its wonderful macho-sounding name, is too vague and makes all sorts of cuts to needed programs in favor of increasing military spending by leaps and bounds. These people are wimps. Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney has called it a “hard power budget” which is, I think, the name of an exercise program where you eat only what you can catch, pump up your guns and then punch the impoverished in the face. This, conveniently, is also what the budget does.
This budget will make America a lean, mean fighting machine with bulging, rippling muscles and not an ounce of fat. America has been weak and soft for too long. BUT HOW WILL I SURVIVE ON THIS BUDGET? you may be wondering. I AM A HUMAN CHILD, NOT A COSTLY FIGHTER JET. You may not survive, but that is because you are SOFT and WEAK, something this budget is designed to eliminate.
Trump's budget plan, by the numbers Embed  Copy Share       Play Video 3:42 President Trump just released his budget plan for the next fiscal year, which proposes some big changes in government spending. Here's a look at what agencies are helped and hurt by the proposal. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post) President Trump just released his budget plan for the next fiscal year, which proposes some big changes in government spending. Here's a look at what agencies are helped and hurt by the proposal. President Trump just released his budget plan for the next fiscal year, which proposes some big changes in government spending. (Video: Jenny Starrs/Photo: Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
What are we cutting?
opinions compost Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Opinions newsletter Thought-provoking opinions and commentary, in your inbox daily. Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You're all set! See all newsletters
The State Department, by 29 percent : Right now, all the State Department's many qualified employees do is sit around being sad that they are never consulted about anything. This is, frankly, depressing, and it is best to put them out of their misery. Besides, they are only trained in Soft Diplomacy, like a woman would do, and NOBODY wants that. Only HARD POWER now that we have a man in charge who thought the name Rex Tillerson was not manly enough and rechristened himself Wayne Tracker. With the money we will save on these sad public servants, we will be able to buy lots of GUNS and F-35s and other cool things that go BOOM and POW and PEW PEW PEW. Right now, all the State Department's many qualified employees do is sit around being sad that they are never consulted about anything. This is, frankly, depressing, and it is best to put them out of their misery. Besides, they are only trained in Soft Diplomacy, like a woman would do, and NOBODY wants that. Only HARD POWER now that we have a man in charge who thought the name Rex Tillerson was not manly enough and rechristened himself Wayne Tracker. With the money we will save on these sad public servants, we will be able to buy lots of GUNS and F-35s and other cool things that go BOOM and POW and PEW PEW PEW.
Environmental Protection Agency: We absolutely do not need this. Clean rivers and breathable air are making us SOFT and letting the Chinese and the Russians get the jump on us. We must go back to the America that was great, when the air was full of coal and danger and the way you could tell if the air was breathable was by carrying a canary around with you at all times, perched on your leathery, coal-dust-covered finger. Furthermore, we will cut funding to Superfund cleanup in the EPA because the only thing manlier than clean water is DIRTY water.
Agriculture Department: NO MORE OF THIS NAMBY-PAMBY “GATHERING” NONSENSE. We will be HUNTERS again. This is also why we are cutting the Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children: Let them FIGHT for their meat or have NONE.
Commerce Department: This will lose its funding to prepare people for coastal disasters, because in the future we will all be so strong that we can stare down the sea and make it recede by flexing our bulging muscles.
Labor Department: There will be no LABOR in the future. Labor is what women do, I think. All fetuses will burst out of wombs brandishing an Uzi on each arm. (Also, we will cut the funding to the people who would have explained that this is not how birth or labor works.)
We are decreasing funding to the National Institutes of Health because in the future we will cure disease by punching it, or, if that fails, sending drones after it. Also, we will buy more planes and guns to shoot airborne viruses out of the sky. We are decreasing funding to thebecause in the future we will cure disease by punching it, or, if that fails, sending drones after it. Also, we will buy more planes and guns to shoot airborne viruses out of the sky.
Affordable housing is a luxury and we are going to get rid of it. Donald Trump does not live in affordable housing and neither should you.
We don't need to fund historic sites . Those parks have sassed the administration enough and they must get what is coming to them.
Mulvaney answers questions about Trump's budget Embed  Copy Share       Play Video 6:38 Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney spoke to reporters at the White House, March 16, about the message President Trump hoped to send with the mix of cuts and increases in his proposed budget. (Reuters) Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney spoke to reporters at the White House, March 16, about the message President Trump hoped to send with the mix of cuts and increases in his proposed budget. Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney spoke about the message President Trump sends with his proposed budget (Reuters)
A few other things we are cutting:
Chemical Safety Board: Give us CHEMICAL DANGER, which sounds way more metal.
Give us CHEMICAL DANGER, which sounds way more metal. Corporation for Public Broadcasting: Instead, anyone who turns on the radio will be able to hear audio footage of a Trump son shooting a rare land mammal.
Instead, anyone who turns on the radio will be able to hear audio footage of a Trump son shooting a rare land mammal. National Endowment for the Arts: The NEA will be destroyed and replaced with an armored helicopter with a shark painted on it.
The NEA will be destroyed and replaced with an armored helicopter with a shark painted on it. National Endowment for the Humanities: The NEH will be replaced with half a fighter jet and a bunch of drones. This is the only art America needs.
The NEH will be replaced with half a fighter jet and a bunch of drones. This is the only art America needs. U.S. Institute of Peace: Wimpy.
Wimpy. U.S. Interagency Council on Homelessness: We will all live outdoors in the new Hard Power America and we will pump steel together and shout “GRRR” and there will be no mental illness because it is only in your mind.
We will all live outdoors in the new Hard Power America and we will pump steel together and shout “GRRR” and there will be no mental illness because it is only in your mind. Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars: This is counterintuitive given Wilson's track record of racism, which is no longer the handicap that it once was, but you must remember that he also tried to start the League of Nations, which was like the United Nations but more so.
There is a There is a $2.6 billion line in the budget to pay for the wall until Mexico pays for the wall. I think? Sounds right. The education budget is also cut so I can't tell if this logic makes sense.
All schoolchildren will be taught by an F-35 wearing a Make America Great Again hat. They will also have new school choice options including the choice not to afford any school at all, because at school you are taught things like grammar and pronouns and spelling and history, and these are all potentially inimical to the future we are trying to build. We will also be cutting Meals on Wheels programs to feed children, because they are All schoolchildren will be taught by an F-35 wearing a Make America Great Again hat. They will also have new school choice options including the choice not to afford any school at all, because at school you are taught things like grammar and pronouns and spelling and history, and these are all potentially inimical to the future we are trying to build. We will also be cutting Meals on Wheels programs to feed children, because they are not improving performance as we would like. Feed children just to feed them? What are we, SOFT? No. No we are not.
AMERICA WILL BE STRONGER THAN IT HAS EVER BEEN! Anyone who survives will be a gun covered in the fur of a rare mammal, capable of fighting disease with a single muscular flex. RAW POWER! HARD RAW POWER GRRRRRR HISSS POW!
It will be great.
The three month state of emergency comes a day after more than 1,000 Saudi troops and 500 United Arab Emirates police officers were deployed in Bahrain following a request for assistance made by King Hamad bin Isa al-Khalifa.
Bahrain called for help after thousands of protesters spilt out on to its streets over the weekend, setting off the first major clashes since February 17. Salman bin Hamad al-Khalifa, Bahrain's crown prince, offered opposition groups a dialogue after the clashes, but his offer was rejected.
Saudi Arabian authorities confirmed that a sergeant in its forces was shot dead when a gunman opened fire from within a crowd protesting against the deployment of its troops.
Bahrain's interior ministry said a police officer was deliberately run down by a protester in the country's south, but did not make further details available. Dozens of plainclothes police officers deployed in the mainly-Shia Sitra neighbourhood were beaten, authorities said.
Local residents said at least one protester was also killed with clashes with police in Sitra, while rival Shia and Sunni vigilante groups armed with metal pipes and clubs fanned out across Bahrain's shuttered streets.
Bahrain's western allies have been eyeing developments in the Emirate – home to the US 5th fleet, and a key regional security partner for Nato – with growing concern.
In London, a Foreign Office spokesman called on authorities to "avoid the use of excessive force and on all parties to exercise restraint", while in Washington, the White House warned there was "no military solution" to the political upheaval taking place in the country. The US has sent Jeffrey Feltman, assistant secretary of state, to Bahrain to encourage talks between the government and the opposition.
Protesters wearing white, symbolising their willingness to die as martyrs, also surrounded the Saudi embassy in Bahrain, shouting slogans demanding the abdication of King Hamad.
Bahrain's Shia majority has been demanding democratic reforms, saying that it is under-represented in government and denied economic opportunities. Shia opposition groups also claim the monarchy has been resettling Iraqi and Jordanian Sunni Muslims in an effort to alter the demographic balance.
Iran, a Shia majority country, described the deployment of Saudi troops as unacceptable.
Rain Mehmanparast, a foreign ministry spokesman, said: "Basically, we do not think it is right for forces of other countries, especially Persian Gulf countries, to be present or intervene in Bahrain's situation."
Mr Mehmanparast said that the demands of the protesters "are legitimate are being expressed peacefully. Any violence in response to these legitimate demands should be stopped."
Bahrain recalled its ambassador to Iran after Mr Mehmanparast made his remarks, which were made even as hundreds of riot police were deployed in Tehran to stop protests by the democratic opposition in that country called for Tuesday.
5 years ago
(CNN) - Ben Carson, a renowned neurosurgeon and a popular figure among conservatives, compared the United States to the Third Reich in an interview.
Asked to elaborate on his previous comments about the U.S. living in "a Gestapo age," the conservative firebrand argued the country has become "very much like Nazi Germany."
Follow @politicalticker Follow @KilloughCNN
"I know you're not supposed to say Nazi Germany, but I don't care about political correctness," he said in an interview Monday with the conservative news outlet Breitbart.
His comments came at the New York Meeting, a gathering of conservative politicians, journalists and business leaders.
Carson, who came in third in the GOP presidential nomination straw poll at last week's Conservative Political Action Conference, has been a fierce critic of the administration on the IRS controversy. The tax agency admitted last year to scrutinizing conservative political groups, though it maintains the error was not done out of political bias.
"You had the government using its tools to intimidate the population," Carson said. "We now live in a society where people are afraid to say what they actually believe."
The neurosurgeon gained political fame after he publicly criticized some of President Barack Obama's policies in front of the President at last year's National Prayer Breakfast.
He quickly became a GOP star and was sometimes mentioned as a potential presidential candidate.
But he lost some of that star power after making controversial comments last year. In one instance he compared the federal health care law to "slavery."
And he sparked strong backlash when he equated homosexuality with pedophilia and bestiality during a television interview about same-sex marriage. Facing loud opposition, he apologized and withdrew from speaking gigs at Johns Hopkins medical school and an event for the American Academy of Physicians Assistants.
As proven by last week's straw poll results at CPAC, however, Carson still has support among the conservative wing of the base.
In the interview Monday, Carson said people are afraid to speak "because of the PC police," and he blamed politicians as well as the news media.
"All of these things are combining to stifle people's conversations," he said.
He argued that if people "are afraid to talk," they'll never reach consensus and they'll grow further apart. "That's exactly what's happening, creating a horrible schism that will destroy our nation if we don't fix it."
Asked if he was interested in a White House bid, Carson said "I wouldn't mind going as a visitor."
This article first appeared in The Hill:
SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. — Hillary Clinton went there.
“We are trying to elect a president, not a dictator,” she said of presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump at a campaign rally here on Friday, just days before the California Democratic primary.
After a day of ripping into Trump over his comments on immigration and his repeated insistence that an Indiana-born judge would not treat him fairly because of his Mexican heritage, the comment was Clinton's starkest yet.
One day after delivering a high-profile address in San Diego designed to paint Trump as unfit for the Oval Office, the former secretary of state criss-crossed southern California, looking to close out her primary contest with Bernie Sanders while taking direct aim at her likely general election opponent.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Labour 'would change strike rules'
A ban on sympathy strikes by unions not directly involved in a dispute would be repealed under a Labour government, the party's leader Jeremy Corbyn has said.
It was suggested to him, on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show, that the current action by junior doctors would be more effective if the ban was ended.
"Sympathy action is legal in most other countries, it should also be legal here," Mr Corbyn said.
The Tories said the remarks show Labour is a "threat" to economic security.
Asked if he would end the ban on secondary strike action - also known as solidarity action - brought in by Margaret Thatcher's Conservative government in 1990, Mr Corbyn said: "Yes, of course".
He added: "Nobody willingly goes on strike. They go on strike as an ultimate weapon... So let's look at the causes of people being upset rather than the symptoms."
Reaction to Sunday's political interviews
Mr Corbyn also did not rule out allowing the return of flying pickets - where workers travel to support others' action - which were first used in the coal disputes of the 1970s.
He said: "It was merely people moving around showing support during a very difficult industrial dispute."
Referring to the walkout by junior doctors in their dispute with the government about a new contract, Mr Corbyn said they "would be better served if we had a health secretary who was prepared to get involved, meet them and look for a solution".
There were calls for the laws on secondary strikes to be repealed in 2005 while Labour was in power, amid action by baggage handlers at Heathrow Airport in support of sacked staff at the catering firm Gate Gourmet. However, the government then ruled out the prospect of lifting the ban.
The issue re-emerged three years later but then Prime Minister Gordon Brown said there would be "no return" to past laws.
MoveOn.org released the following press release Wednesday afternoon:
Americans to Come Together in Hundreds Peaceful Gatherings of Solidarity, Resistance, and Resolve Following Election Results
Hundreds of Americans, dozens of organizations to gather peacefully outside the White House and in cities and towns nationwide to take a continued stand against misogyny, racism, Islamophobia, and xenophobia.
Tonight, thousands of Americans will come together at hundreds of peaceful gatherings in cities and towns across the nation, including outside the White House, following the results of Tuesday's presidential election.
The gatherings – organized by MoveOn.org and allies – will affirm a continued rejection of Donald Trump's bigotry, xenophobia, Islamophobia, and misogyny and demonstrate our resolve to fight together for the America we still believe is possible.
Within two hours of the call-to-action, MoveOn members had created more than 200 gatherings nationwide, with the number continuing to grow on Wednesday afternoon.
WHAT: Hundreds of peaceful gatherings of solidarity, resistance, and resolve nationwide
WHEN / WHERE: Find local gatherings here. Major gatherings include in New York City's Columbus Circle and outside the White House in Washington, DC.
RSVP: Please email press@moveon.org to confirm attendance.
“This is a disaster. We fought our hearts out to avert this reality. But now it's here,” MoveOn.org staff wrote to members on Wednesday. “The new president-elect and many of his most prominent supporters have targeted, demeaned, and threatened millions of us—and millions of our friends, family, and loved ones. Both chambers of Congress remain in Republican hands. We are entering an era of profound and unprecedented challenge, a time of danger for our communities and our country. In this moment, we have to take care of ourselves, our families, and our friends—especially those of us who are on the front lines facing hate, including Latinos, women, immigrants, refugees, Black people, Muslims, LGBT Americans, and so many others. And we need to make it clear that we will continue to stand together.”
This article is over 3 years old
Too costly to investigate reasons for missing self-assessment deadline, staff are told, so £100 fine should be cancelled if an excuse is given
People who filed late tax returns have been let off a £100 fine for missing the deadline, it has been reported.
Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC) has waived the penalty for those who provided a “reasonable” excuse for being late, according to the Daily Telegraph.
An internal memo leaked to the newspaper revealed that HMRC staff were asked to write off the fine without further investigation for individuals who could show mitigating circumstances, and who appealed after paying their tax bill.
The 31 January deadline for completing tax self-assessment forms was reportedly missed by 890,000 people.
A HMRC spokesman told the Telegraph: “We want to focus more and more of our resources on investigating major tax avoidance and evasion rather than penalising ordinary people who are trying to do the right thing.”
On its website HMRC states that a reasonable excuse for missing the deadline is “normally something unexpected or outside your control that stopped you meeting a tax obligation”.
It includes the recent death of a partner, an unexpected stay in hospital, computer failures, service issues with the tax authority's online services, a fire which prevented the completion of a tax return or postal delays.
According to the Telegraph, the memo to HMRC staff said: “Our penalty regime is intended to influence customer behaviour, but also be clear and cost-effective, fair and proportionate.
“The current way of managing penalties does not meet these objectives, and so we have decided to take a more proportionate approach where a customer has filed their return late, and then appealed against their penalty …
“This means that in the vast majority of cases we will be accepting the customer's grounds for appeal, and we can cancel the penalty.”
LONDON (Reuters) - Greece's shock referendum spells at least 10 more weeks of deep freeze for global investment and that hiatus may be enough to tip the world economy back into recession this winter.
For many global investors, it's hard to overestimate the impact of Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou's surprise decision on Halloween night to call a public vote on last week's latest and tortuously assembled European Union rescue.
Before money managers even begin to discuss the likelihood of Papandreou winning the vote - and most assume that will be a struggle at least - any hope of a year-end rally or even stabilization of world markets have now been doused.
“Try as we might, there is nothing good to be said about this decision as it affects markets and growth over the balance of this year,” said Paul Mortimer-Lee, global head of market economics at BNP Paribas.
One key issue for the world economy at large over recent months was whether dire readings of business and household confidence were overly pessimistic and too focused on volatile markets rather than the more robust real economic data starting to emerge, especially from the United States.
A brief stabilization of financial markets at the end of last month suggested a durable euro policy solution could allow sentiment to recover to reflect a more benign reality.
But as the referendum refuels bank and government funding concerns and shrouds Europe back in policy uncertainty for another two to three months at minimum, actual economic activity may again deteriorate in line with the surveyed gloom.
And the timing couldn't be worse. Global manufacturing surveys for October hover on the cusp of another major contraction that only needs another nudge to flag full blown recession. And the International Labour Organization warned on Monday of social unrest from a new global jobs recession as unemployment worldwide hit record levels.
“Grenade” was a word used widely by investors and other EU governments, such as fellow bailout recipient Ireland, to describe Monday's leftfield shock. Markets reacted accordingly.
Euro financial bellwethers, most of which had surged after last week's EU agreement on a 50 percent Greek debt writeoff and the bolstering of a central fund for bank recapitalization and sovereign bond backstops, have now fully reversed.
Euro zone bank stock indices dropped up to 7 percent on Tuesday alone to levels of 10 days ago, as if the intervening EU summits never happened. The euro lunged back to levels of almost a month ago and 10-year Italian government borrowing premia rose to new euro-era records.
But this is not just euro specific. This is global. Despite weeks of impressive domestic economic data, U.S. stocks have lost more than 5 percent since the referendum bombshell to return to their lowest in 10 days.
That instant repricing makes clear that markets see the wait for the referendum, which would be expected to take place in mid January at the earliest, as putting all aspects of last week's stabilization plan on ice.
“As we near the referendum date, uncertainty over its outcome as well as the future of the euro zone as a whole can only increase and introduce increased volatility into asset markets,” said Andreas Utermann, Global Chief Investment Officer at the $150 billion asset manager RCM.
LESS THAN ZERO
The bigger problem for many investors is that the prospect of a make-or-break referendum doesn't merely return markets to pre-summit levels. It opens up a whole new can of worms.
A defeat in a popular Greek referendum on its bailout would almost certainly lead to a disorderly default on Greek debts as the Athens government would lose any mandate to persevere with the austerity required to secure debt-servicing rescue funds.
A forced default and subsequent bankruptcy of Greece would likely amplify internal and external calls for it to exit the euro. And a euro exit, for better or worse for Greece, would then foster waves of fear and speculation about the removal of other countries under extreme pressure financially.
And if a firewall can't be placed around Greece, where 50 percent debt writeoffs are already on the table, then the balance sheet speculation surrounding banks holding all other vulnerable euro zone sovereigns will spiral higher once again.
“A rejection of the EU-IMF program recently negotiated by the Greek government would increase the risk of a forced and disorderly sovereign default and ... potentially a Greek exit from the euro,” Fitch credit rating agency said on Tuesday.
“Both ... would have severe financial implications for the financial stability and viability of the euro zone.”
If a Greek bailout rejection ultimately led to a mutual agreement on the country leaving the euro, it would inadvertently draw a “euro exit roadmap” where none previously existed. And a vicious circle starts to form.
A threat to the very fabric of the euro would lessen the chance now of governments attracting investors — especially, as planned, the big sovereign investors such as China, Brazil or Russia — to either bolster the bloc's rescue funds or buy European government bonds directly.
And while some economists reckon the referendum gamble — even if it was successful — may have some chance of paying off for Greece over the medium term, they simply wince at the damage it causes to everyone else right now.
A “glance into the abyss” of national chaos may convince Greeks to vote in favor of the referendum, said Jan Poser, chief economist at Swiss Private Bank Sarasin.
“But the biggest downside is that he (Papandreou) is also taking fellow Europeans and financial markets to this abyss.”
Everybody has a favorite action movie star, but most of us don't know the stunt doubles behind those actors who keep them safe and looking pretty. They may not be household names, but you've definitely seen their work on TV and in the movies you watch over and over. Even though the craziest stunts are now mostly done on computers, stuntmen and women still play an important behind-the-scenes role in films, and it's nice to know there's someone out there who can jump off tall buildings or safely set themselves on fire. Here are 10 of the best stunt doubles you never even knew you loved.
Terry Leonard Stuntman Terry Leonard has stood in for some of the biggest names in the business, including Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, and John Wayne. Standing in for Ford in Raiders of the Lost Ark, Leonard performed the scene where Indiana Jones crawls under a truck from the front to the back and is then dragged behind it. He agreed to only do this stunt if his friend and fellow stuntman Glenn H. Randall Jr. was driving the truck. Another praised stunt nearly cost Leonard his life. In Romancing the Stone, he doubles for Michael Douglas and jumps out of a car as it goes over a waterfall. He was caught in the whirlpool at the bottom and just barely made it out alive.
Billy Morts Keanu Reeves may not be a great actor, but he has been doubled by a great stuntman. In Speed, the movie that takes place almost entirely on a speeding bus with a bomb strapped to it, Billy Morts does the dangerous work. Most notably, he jumps from a sports car onto the bus while moving at highway speeds, letting his feet drag the ground before pulling himself inside. Recently he's done stunt work for the Tom Cruise action film Knight and Day and is working on the next installment of the Mission Impossible franchise.
Gary Powell Stunts are in Gary Powell's blood; his father was also a stuntman who worked on James Bond films during the eras of Sean Connery and Roger Moore. The younger Powell has worked on Bond, performing in the Pierce Brosnan versions. In The World Is Not Enough, Bond is in a small speedboat chasing an enemy down a river. In one shot, Powell jumps over the villain's boat, destroying the gun mounted on the back, and then spins 360 degrees before landing upright again. This kind of work earned him a promotion to stunt chief for Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace. He's also appeared in or coordinated stunts for many other well known movies, such as some Harry Potter films and Braveheart.
Simon Crane's most well known contribution to the world of stunts is the Guinness Book of World Records' most expensive stunt ever performed. In the risky Cliffhanger scene, Crane stands in for a villain who takes his stolen money from one plane to another. Crane slid down a cable between two jets at 15,000 feet in the air. The stunt cost $1 million to complete and film, and when the movie's budget wasn't big enough to create the scene, Sylvester Stallone, who stars in the film, cut his salary by $1 million so it could be finished. Crane has worked on countless films since and has become one of Hollywood's best known stunt coordinators, working with stars like Angelina Jolie and on huge films like Titanic.
Enos "Yakima" Canutt In the world of stunts, Enos "Yakima" Canutt is a legend. Take his work in John Wayne's Stagecoach, for example. He's working with unpredictable horses and lacking the technology we have today, yet he delivers thrilling performances without dying. The most famous stunt from this film is where he jumps from a horse onto the back of one of the horses pulling the stagecoach. When he is "shot" down, he falls between the horses and goes under the coach. To pull this off without being injured is an incredible feat. Canutt also choreographed some notable scenes, such as the chariot race in Ben Hur, where his son was actually driving one of the chariots and almost died when he unexpectedly flew over the front. The footage from that mistake was actually included in the film because he was able to hold on and pull himself back up, avoiding tragedy and adding excitement to the scene.
Wayne Michaels In the opening scene of GoldenEye, James Bond makes a record-breaking bungee jump off of the Verzasca Dam in Switzerland. The man playing Bond for this crazy 728-foot jump was Wayne Michaels, who reached speeds as high as 120 mph during the trip down the dam. A story that circulated around the set said that as Michaels stood at the top of the dam ready to make the jump, he caught a glimpse of a crew member crossing himself. That couldn't have made him feel too confident. In addition to that enormous stunt, Michaels has coordinated stunts and performed in at least 80 films and TV series, including Indiana Jones movies and many British productions.
Bud Ekins Famous for some masterful car chases, like the ones in Bullitt and The French Connection, Bud Ekins never really got due credit for his work. In the 1963 film The Great Escape, Ekins made a famed motorcycle jump over a fence at the end, standing in for Steve McQueen. He jumped more than 65 feet on a 400-pound bike, a feat that even the most experienced stunt drivers have to admit is impressive. But the producers credited McQueen with the jump and Ekins preferred to maintain his friendship with McQueen rather than get bogged down in the stardom of Hollywood. That jump was the start of his stunt career, though he also raced motorcycles on a team with McQueen and eventually opened up a bike shop.
Rick Sylvester If you've sat through the opening credits of The Spy Who Loved Me, one of the best Roger Moore-era James Bond movies, you've seen Rick Sylvester. He's the guy who made the ski jump off the cliff and then released a Union Jack parachute as he was falling. He was paid $30,000 for the stunt, which ended up being the most expensive stunt to film ever at that point in time. The stunt, though successful, was just another reminder of how dangerous a stuntman's work is; as Sylvester deployed the parachute, one of the skis got caught. Luckily, it came free and didn't keep the parachute from opening properly.
Vic Armstrong was named the most prolific stuntman by the Guinness Book of World Records and is often referred to as the world's greatest stuntman. One of his most famous roles as stunt double was in the Indiana Jones films. In one impressive stunt in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, he jumps from the back of a horse onto a tank. Armstrong reportedly looked so much like Harrison Ford, people were often confusing him for Ford on set. He even did several action sequences in Ford's place when Ford injured his back. Armstrong also did stunt work on Superman for Christopher Reeve and is married to a stuntwoman, Wendy Leech.
Dear Carolyn: My kids are 30, 28 and 25. All of them are out of college and on their own. We paid their tuitions, but room and board was on them, so they had some student loans.
My oldest son got married two years ago, and her family is helping them out a lot, even though they both have professional jobs. When her grandmother died, her parents paid off all their student loans. They also handed down an almost brand-new car because nobody else in the family wanted it. He just told me they are all taking a weeklong vacation out of the country next Christmas, hosted by his in-laws.
This level of support makes me uncomfortable. What ever happened to adults being adults and paying their own way? I brought this up to my best friend, and she said that as long as the parents could afford it and wanted to be generous, what's the problem? It stumped me for a bit.
I know this isn't directly my business. But it makes me uncomfortable that my son has so much of his life taken care of by other people when he is 30 with an education and a job. Do I need to just accept that this generation's adults are not really adults?
Helping Adult Children
Helping Adult Children: Really? One windfall and an entire generation earns your contempt? Wow.
By my count, at least two of the three financial boosts your son got are one-off opportunities: the student-loan-erasing inheritance and the hand-me-down car. I'm with your best friend on these. They could do it, so why not?
And while your son is an individual, not a stand-in for an entire generation — if I assume correctly that you're a baby boomer, then you really don't want to go there — the fact that your kids' cohort is staggering under education debt unlike any generation prior makes his in-laws look like guardian angels.
As for the trip, I see why you'd balk. Their making a tradition of it would cut you out of Christmases with your son; their shifting these trips around the calendar would make your turns to host this couple seem plain by comparison; their chewing up his vacation days with irresistible opportunities would leave fewer days for you. These are valid concerns of many.
But I can — and do, in many other letters — also see that grown families tend to be scattered, tightly scheduled and financially taxed, especially the young adults. One way people counteract these family-dividing forces is to plan and (where possible) underwrite all-family trips.
It's a luxury, yes, but a loving and unifying one. I'll offer it to my kids if I'm able, and if their gratitude meters aren't broken. And I'll do it without fear of stunting them because the other 51 weeks of the year will still be theirs to navigate, bankroll and plan.
So please ask yourself, are your in-laws spoiling this couple, or just making their climb less steep? Does that hurt them? Does it hurt you?
Think hard on the last one. The in-laws as (or seeming like) “party parents” while you hold a firm line can feel a lot like a rebuke. Absent signs of spoilage, though, consider not seeing it as personal — and be glad they've welcomed your kid.
Ecks vs. Sever is a first-person shooter (FPS) video game for the Game Boy Advance handheld game console. It was developed by Crawfish Interactive. Based on an early script of the film Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever, it is the first video game developed and released before the film it is based on had begun production.[3] It is followed by the sequel Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever, which having been released after the film, follows it more closely than the first game.
Gameplay [ edit ]
At the beginning of the game, players choose which character, Ecks or Sever, they wish to control. Both characters' plots intertwine and are given different level designs for each of their missions.
Gameplay is similar to other early FPSs such as Doom in that all of the graphics for enemies and weapons are 2D sprites in a 3D setting.
Development [ edit ]
Ecks vs. Sever. The game utilized a 3D [4] A gameplay screenshot for. The game utilized a 3D raycasting engine for the GBA, which was developed by Crawfish.
Ecks vs. Sever was developed by Crawfish Interactive, which obtained the license to create the game based on an early rendition of a script for Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever, a then-upcoming action film which had not yet entered production.[4] The close relationship between game publisher Bam! Entertainment and Franchise Pictures allowed for the option to develop games based on any of the film company's received scripts. Video game producer Tim Mawson explained that the decision to release the game prior to the film was based on the confidence by Bam! and Crawfish that Ecks vs. Sever was "a good enough game to stand on its own two feet".[1] Mawson further stated that the creative team was "given free reign [sic] to a degree", allowing them mold a gameplay model around the base narrative, characters, and environments already provided. The team constantly referred to the film script during the early developmental phases "to ensure the gameplay elements were relevant to the license in terms of atmosphere, theme and content".[4]
The Ecks vs. Sever video game was in development for about ten months.[4] Because the game began production long before the release of the film, adjustments had to be made based on the changing screenplay. Most notably, the titular lead Sever was switched from male to female, forcing Crawfish to replace the graphical artwork for that character.[1] Ecks vs. Sever utilizes a homebrew graphics engine, first showcased by Crawfish with the opening level of Doom II, leading up to the launch of the GBA. This "pseudo-3D" engine lacks sloping floors, rooms above rooms, and textured ceilings so the game can run quicker.[1] Mawson admitted that building a proprietary, first-person engine for the GBA was very difficult, requiring much trial and error. Crawfish's 3D raycasting engine for Ecks vs. Sever was originally written in C, but was later optimized into machine code for higher processing speeds.[4] Lighting effects and more sprites existed in early stages of the project's development, but were scrapped to maintain acceptable frame rates. Multiplayer levels were also adjusted to prevent engine slowdown.[4] Bam! European developmental director Joe Booth felt that although the game's engine was meant to "push the GBA envelope" of environment interaction and background animation, its multiple game modes set it apart from other FPSs on the handheld.[5]
Reception and legacy [ edit ]
Reception Aggregate score Aggregator Score Metacritic 80/100[6] Review scores Publication Score GamePro 4.5/5[7] GameSpot 7.1/10[8] GameSpy 82/100[9] IGN 9/10[3] X-Play [10]
Ecks vs. Sever received positive reviews, garnering an aggregate score of 80 out of 100 on Metacritic.[6] IGN gave the game an "outstanding" 9.0/10 and an Editor's Choice award, calling it "the best GBA first-person shooter to date" and "one of the best four player games made yet for the Game Boy Advance."[3]
A PlayStation 2 version of Ecks vs. Sever was in development by Zombie Studios slated for release on November 2002.[11] However, it was eventually cancelled.[12]
Ted and Tracy finally met on “HIMYM.” Greta Gerwig's character might not get the same chance. (Ron P. Jaffe/2014 Fox Television)
Earlier this year, news broke that “How I Met Your Mother” co-creators Carter Bays and Craig Thomas were working on a spin-off pilot called “How I Met Your Dad” starring indie darling Greta Gerwig — essentially the same backward love story premise, but with a completely new cast. Reaction went something like this: “What? Huh? Okay. Wait, WHAT?” followed by lots of hand-wringing over whether this could possibly be a good plan.
Looks like the greater viewing audience won't even get a chance to judge that for themselves: The pilot for “HIMYD” is pretty much dead at CBS, executive confirmed Wednesday morning during the annual TV Upfront Week conference. (See CBS's new schedule here.)
“There were elements of the pilot that didn't work out,” CBS entertainment chairman Nina Tassler explained to reporters. She said the network “tried to reach out in terms of re-doing the pilot,” but Thomas and Bays didn't want to do that.
[Related: Why ‘How I Met Your Mother' connected so deeply to the younger generation]
Citing “The Big Bang Theory” and “Num3rs” as pilots that had to be completely re-worked but later had a lot of success, Tassler seemed open to the idea of looking at the show again; though that seemed extremely unlikely. Calling herself “heartsick” over the decision, she said the “HIMYD” is “a very important brand and a very important show…but it didn't work out.”
Asked whether Thomas and Bays refused to re-do the pilot, Tassler said, “It wasn't what they wanted to do…it's not how they saw going forward.” She reiterated that the network loves them — though clearly, there were differences that couldn't be resolved.
Meanwhile, there are already reports that the production company, 20th Century Fox, is planning to shop the pilot to other networks. So everyone might get to judge after all.
RELATED READING:
Why ‘How I Met Your Mother' connected so deeply to the younger generation
How to explain ‘How I Met Your Mother' to someone who's never seen an episode
‘How I Met Your Mother' wouldn't really kill off the mother, right?
‘How I Met Your Mother' coming back for ninth — and final — season
At a Friday press conference outside a Ferguson, Missouri, QuikTrip gas station burned during looting earlier this week, Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson identified Darren Wilson as the police officer who shot and killed unarmed teen Michael Brown on Saturday.
Jackson gave no further information about the incident that led to Brown being shot multiple times, but revealed that the 18-year-old was the lead suspect in a strong-arm robbery at a convenience store, where a box of Swisher Sweets cigars valued at $48.99 was stolen and a clerk was allegedly shoved. Surveillance photos released by police appear to show a figure that loosely fits Brown's description.
Wilson was initially thought to be responding to the crime when he confronted Brown, though Jackson later on Friday clarified that the teen was stopped because he was "blocking traffic" by walking in the middle of the street, and was not a known suspect at the time.
To be sure, any information at all about the day Brown was killed is useful, though the public way in which the police shared the photos of the incident at the convenience store suggest their motive was not public service and transparency, but an effort to shift the discussion to one about Brown's character.
But Brown's character is irrelevant. Brown's potential involvement in a crime doesn't answer the questions that citizens of Ferguson have taken to the streets for the past six days to see answered: How and why did Brown end up dead in the middle of the street? Was Wilson justified in shooting down Brown? Did Brown really assault the officer in his vehicle and reach for his gun, as police claim? Did Wilson fire the fatal shot while Brown had his hands up, as other eyewitnesses claim? How does this incident play into the broader trend of police using excessive force on unarmed black males?
This continued failure to provide answers brings up one final question: If Brown did rough up a convenience store clerk and steal a box of smokes, does it mean we should care less about the circumstances of his death?
If you believe the answer to this question is no, then it doesn't matter if Michael Brown stole a box of cigars.
As Ezra Klein writes at Vox, focusing on Brown's character obscures the real matter at hand:
This case is not about whether Michael Brown was One Of The Good Ones. It's not even about whether he robbed a convenience store. The penalty for stealing cigars from a convenience store is not death. This case is about whether Wilson was legally justified in shooting Michael Brown.
This story has been updated to reflect the latest information released by Jackson.
HuffPost Readers: We want to know what being black in America today means to you. You can email us with your story at openreporting@huffingtonpost.com, or call 860-348-3376 to leave us your story in a voicemail.
I just received my gift and I could not wait to post. Santa, thank you SO much. I LOVE everything!
My Santa got me everything I need to start watercolor painting, which is something I have always wanted to learn. I love arts and crafts and am always looking for new hobbies, and the gift of that is so amazing. My Santa also included a note with some helpful tips on how to get started, which is great because I am definitely someone who needs guidance!
On top of all of that, I got the most thoughtful and meaningful gift I have probably ever gotten in my life. A watercolor painting of my dog! OMG. I am blown away. It looks exactly like the picture it was painted from. I can't remember if I ever posted it to reddit or santa did some great stalking, but it is a picture of her from when we first adopted her as a puppy.
I tried to gloss over the fact that I am a crazy dog person in my notes to santa, so either you figured it out on your own or it's just a coincidence - but this painting is something I will seriously cherish forever. It will be framed and hanging in my home for the rest of my life, I promise. She is only 2 and hopefully has many many more years of being my best friend, but the fact is she unfortunately won't live forever. But this painting will. I love it. Last month she had a knee surgery and still has 2 months of recovery left. We haven't been able to do anything fun and it's been kind of depressing being holed up in the house, this gift really cheered me up!
The whole thing was just perfect - and has really inspired me to paint! Thank you so so so much Santa. I hope you have a wonderful holiday season and someone can make you as happy as you just made me!
Vietnam floods and landslides leave 43 dead, thousands evacuated
Updated
Floods caused by a tropical depression in Vietnam have killed 43 people, one of the highest death tolls recorded in the country from flooding, officials say.
Key points: The hardest hit province is Hoa Binh in northern Vietnam
More than 17,000 households have been evacuated and more than 200 homes have collapsed
More than 200 people were killed in storms in Vietnam last year
Another 34 people were missing and 21 were injured after rains caused landslides and flooding, mostly in northern and central Vietnam, according to the Vietnam Disaster Management Authority.
In the hardest-hit northern province of Hoa Binh, 17 people died and 15 others were missing.
The casualties included four families whose houses were buried in a landslide early on Thursday (local time) while they were sleeping, killing nine and leaving nine others missing, disaster official Quach Viet Hoang said.
"Our entire village had sleepless nights … it's impossible to fight against this water, it's the strongest in years," Ngo Thi Su, a resident in north-western Hoa Binh province, told state-run Vietnam Television (VTV).
Vietnam often suffers from destructive storms and floods due to its long coastline.
More than 200 people were killed in storms last year.
A typhoon tore a destructive path across central Vietnam just last month, flooding and damaging homes and knocking out power lines.
The tropical depression hit central Vietnam on Tuesday and brought heavy rains.
Hoa Binh province declares state of emergency
Vietnam's Central Steering Committee for Natural Disaster Prevention and Control said authorities were discharging water from dams to control water levels.
In a report, it said more than 17,000 households have been evacuated and more than 200 homes have collapsed, while nearly 18,000 other houses were submerged or damaged.
It said more than 8,000 hectares of land growing rice was also damaged and about 40,000 animals were killed or washed away.
Hoa Binh province in the north-west declared a state of emergency and opened eight gates to discharge water at Hoa Binh dam, Vietnam's largest hydroelectric dam, for the first time in years, VTV reported.
Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc visited northern Ninh Binh province where water levels in the Hoang Long river are their highest since 1985.
Rising sea levels are also threatening Vietnam's more than 3,260-kilometre coastline, resulting in increased flooding of low lying coastal regions, erosion and salt water intrusion.
Floods have also affected seven of 77 provinces in Thailand, Vietnam's neighbour to the west, the Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation said.
More than 1.2 million acres of agricultural land have been affected, the department said.
In 2011, Thailand was hit by its worst flooding in half a century, where the disaster killed hundreds and crippled industry, including the country's key automotive sector.
Reuters/AP
Topics: floods, disasters-and-accidents, weather, vietnam, thailand, asia
First posted
That has to be a little bit of an asshole puckering experience:
WikiLeaks said Monday that its founder Julian Assange's Internet link was severed by a “state party” and that “appropriate contingency plans” had been activated. Julian Assange's internet link has been intentionally severed by a state party. We have activated the appropriate contingency plans.
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 17, 2016 The website's announcement came hours after it published three cryptic tweets. The messages referenced Ecuador, Secretary of State John Kerry and the United Kingdom's Foreign Commonwealth Office. Each tweet was matched with a string of numbers… WikiLeaks hasn't tweeted anything else about Assange's Internet access or how it may have been “severed.” Various U.S. officials and pundits have made threatening statements directed at Assange in the past. WikiLeaks tweeted in early October an alleged 2010 quote from then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton asking if Assange could be killed in a drone strike, and, that same year, former Democrat strategist Bob Beckel said on Fox News Channel that “a dead man can't leak stuff.” This month, “specific information” prompted Assange to scrap a dramatic London balcony address to celebrate WikiLeaks' 10th anniversary.
If this happens to you when you are under the gun, you never know what it portends, or what is about to happen. There is a massive machine out there whose whole purpose is to maintain the state exactly as it is, it has incredible abilities, and increasingly it knows no rules.
Donald might find it useful to point out to people that a vote for Donald would probably save Assange's life, whereas a vote for Hillary will certainly kill him, because if Crooked Hillary gets in, she will make punching his ticket a prime directive. I would portray it in visual terms, to trigger amygdalae, similar to this:
Boy, the world we live in. The Establishment will do anything to maintain their control over you, and over the corrupt regime. Just today, I woke up to reports that the Establishment had killed Julian Assange – broken right into the Ecuadorian Embassy and killed him dead for trying to release the truth about the corrupt establishment, and how they screwed over Bernie. They said Assange's dead man's keys were released on Twitter, he was gone, and that was it, no more Julian Assange, no more Wikileaks. I honestly thought it was possible. You never know today. There are no rules, and laws mean nothing. Thankfully that report was mistaken. But let me tell you, if Crooked Hillary gets elected, she will kill Assange dead, you know that. I'd obey the laws, and let him live, but not her. Already they have her, as Secretary of State, actually saying we should kill him with a drone. She is dying to do it. If she ever got elected, if people vote for her, that will be it for Julian, whatever you think of him. No more Julian. No more Wikileaks. Julian dead, the Establishment wins. I wonder how the people voting for Hillary feel about that? Their vote for Hillary putting Julian in a coffin in the ground? Literally, they'd be throwing the switch on his execution. I don't think they'd want to do that, but it would be their decision, to kill him or not. It will be interesting to see who they are, and what they decide.
I have to say, I am not a big Assange fan, what with knowing he is a bit of a lefty. But hearing of his possible demise, the world did suddenly feel a little more gray, and little more boring. There is a very powerful amygdala pathway there, relating to death, and permanence, and misery, and pain. If it is in me, imagine how deeply it runs within millennials who supported Bernie, lean lefty, and hate the establishment.
That could be a very powerful leftist demotivator.
Lambie doesn't want to stay, doesn't want to quit
Updated
There is no question that Jacqui Lambie will soon be on the crossbench as an independent, but there's a lot at stake when it comes to how she gets there, writes Paula Matthewson.
It's no longer a matter of when but how Jacqui Lambie will leave the party that delivered her one of the most decisive (and divisive) roles in today's polity.
Back in 2013, with minimal experience in party politics and a fast-diminishing campaign war-chest, Lambie had her heart set on getting into the Senate despite having unsuccessfully tested the waters with Labor and been rejected by the Liberals.
The offer from cashed-up Clive Palmer to join the Palmer United Party's Tasmanian Senate ticket must have seemed almost too good to be true.
And so it has been. Lambie may have ridden on PUP's short-lived swell into the Senate - a feat she would not have achieved in her previous incarnation as an independent candidate - but since becoming a minor celebrity due to her pivotal membership of the Senate crossbench, the new Senator has quickly outgrown the limits of party solidarity.
Lambie has been agitating about her right to speak out on matters of interest, even if not necessarily of interest to PUP, ever since she arrived in Canberra. Various thought bubbles have ensued, starting with the one on mandatory national service for young Australians and most recently the even more controversial call to ban the "burqa".
In response, Palmer has evolved from commenting that Lambie is entitled to express her own views, to having to reject some of her suggestions such as the call for a "silent protest" at Remembrance Day ceremonies.
Lambie has consequently been unhappy that party solidarity is not a two-way street, even though according to Palmer the Senator appears to have made no effort to bring those issues to the party room for discussion or to determine a PUP position.
Whether she's perceived as behaving like a petulant teenager, or a passionate defender of those she represents, Lambie is ratcheting up the pressure on Palmer to throw her out of PUP. (Or her senior adviser is doing so, depending on the extent to which one believes Rob Messenger is Lambie's David Oldfield or Svengali.)
Earlier this week Lambie delivered on her commitment to oppose all Government legislation until the ADF pay decision is overturned, and split from her party to vote against the revised social services bill. She also voted against anti-doping legislation that in other circumstances she says she would likely have supported.
Today's news that Lambie will join Labor and most of the crossbench Senators to disallow the FOFA regulations continues that war of attrition. In voting to disallow the regulations, Lambie will directly oppose a deal her party leader made with the Government.
If Lambie had been a Labor member, voting against her party in this way could be grounds for expulsion. However, the Coalition is somewhat more flexible on such matters, with Malcolm Turnbull and Barnaby Joyce being two high-profile examples of Coalition MPs having crossed the floor against their parties and not only survived but been appointed to Cabinet.
There is no question that Lambie will soon be an independent member of the crossbench. Over past days, the Senator has removed the PUP logo from her website, refused to attend PUP meetings, chosen to sit away from her party colleagues when attending the joint meeting of the Parliament, and removed all trace of yellow from her wardrobe.
In turn, Lambie has essentially been excommunicated from PUP: cut from the list of PUP MPs on the party's website, removed as the party's deputy Senate leader and deputy whip, and (in a classic case of shutting the gate after the horse has bolted) suspended from attending party meetings.
In short, Lambie is daring Palmer to sack her, while he in turn is trying to make her leave. This manoeuvring is all about who can position themselves as the victim once the split has taken place. Lambie wants to be sacked, firstly so she doesn't have to break a previous commitment made to Palmer to stay, but more importantly so she can continue to claim underdog status.
Palmer however didn't come down in the last shower. The canny operator is biding his time, putting pressure on Lambie to leave by isolating her and her staff from the party, while offering empty platitudes so that he can capitalise on what would be her broken commitment to stay and paint himself as the wronged party.
This will be important if Palmer follows through on a suggestion made last weekend that he will pursue Lambie with lengthy and expensive legal action if she leaves.
Paula Matthewson is a freelance communications adviser and corporate writer. She was media advisor to John Howard in the early 1990s. She tweets and blogs as @Drag0nista. View her full profile here.
Topics: clive-palmer, political-parties, federal-parliament
First posted
(CNN) It's like the end of a Shakespearean tragedy. Multiple bodies: the king, the two men who would be king and their lieutenants strewn across the stage.
Even the acting king is planning his exit.
There was blood letting aplenty Thursday at the headquarters of one of the world's most popular sports as a number of FIFA top officials were sanctioned by the organization.
The disciplinary arm of world football's governing body handed three of its leading officials -- including President Sepp Blatter -- provisional 90-day bans.
UEFA President Michel Platini, who heads up the body which runs European football and the world's leading club competition -- the Champions League -- and FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke were also banned for 90 days.
Platini is a candidate to succeed Blatter as president of the organization, while another presidential hopeful South Korean Chung Mong-joon was also banned for six years and fined $103,000. Their bans arguably give both of them reputation problems in the race to succeed Blatter.
JUST WATCHED The rise and fall of FIFA's Sepp Blatter Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The rise and fall of FIFA's Sepp Blatter 02:34
Platini, a Frenchman, also won't "perform his official duties for the time being" at UEFA, that association announced, in light of the FIFA decision.
Vowing to appeal, Platini claimed the allegations against him "are based on mere semblances and are astonishingly vague" and refused to withdraw his bid to become FIFA's next president.
JUST WATCHED Top FIFA officials provisionally suspended Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Top FIFA officials provisionally suspended 02:30
"More than a sense of injustice or desire for revenge, I am driven by a profound feeling of staunch defiance," he said. "I am more determined than ever to defend myself before the relevant judicial bodies."
Conmebol backs Platini
Platini received a boost Saturday when the South American Football Confederation (CONMEBOL) gave him their backing, saying it believed his ban "untimely and disproportionate" and that the ban be reconsidered.
"It is imperative that sporting justice continues its course in order to clarify all of the facts as soon and definitely as possible. At the same time the presumption of innocence is a fundamental right that has to be considered," said a statement.
"Mr. Platini has not been found guilty of any charge, therefore the provisional ban jeopardizes the integrity of the electoral process to the FIFA presidency, of which Mr. Platini is a candidate.
"These are trying times that demand an integral reform of FIFA. The CSF fully believes in Mr. Platini's capacity to lead FIFA and the football world towards a brighter future," it added.
Until the FIFA presidential election -- or until there's a change in Blatter's status -- Issa Hayatou is in charge as the world governing body appointed him acting president. Hayatou is FIFA vice-president and head of the Confederation of African Football (CAF), the body that runs soccer on that continent.
A longtime soccer administrator, the 69-year-old Hayatou, who has been CAF's head since 1988, has faced his own problems in the past.
In 2011, he was sanctioned by the International Olympic Committee over taking cash payments from a sports marketing firm.
"I will serve only on an interim basis," said Hayatou in a statement. "A new president will be chosen by the Extraordinary Congress on 26 February 2016. I myself will not be a candidate for that position."
Statement from the adjudicatory chamber of the independent Ethics Committee - http://t.co/l5fwyfgHvy — FIFA Media (@fifamedia) October 8, 2015
Anti-bribery advocate: 'The rot in the FIFA leadership is ... extensive'
A tax-exempt nonprofit organization, FIFA nonetheless generated $2 billion in revenue in 2014, partly helped by the success of the World Cup in Brazil.
But the various crises surrounding FIFA -- it's already facing a U.S. Justice department probe and an investigation by the Swiss attorney general -- arguably raises serious questions as to just how it can run a credible election process to choose Blatter's successor, let alone conduct day-to-day business.
"The rot in the FIFA leadership is so extensive that there are no longer credible alternatives to choose from," said lawyer Alexandra Wrage, who is the president and founder of the leading global anti-bribery business association Trace International.
"Those still standing, at a minimum, did nothing while their colleagues were involved in questionable -- and possibly criminal -- activity," said Wrage. "Many, including Hayatou, remain under a cloud from past misconduct.
"FIFA needs an independent, emergency transition team with a brief mandate -- not more than six months -- complete transparency to the public on all decisions, authority to implement change and to oversee credible elections."
Will there be an encore from Blatter?
Mark Pieth, a law professor who in the past had been tasked with looking at how FIFA ran itself, remembers one of his last conversations with the 79-year-old where the Swiss told him : "I want to leave through the front door -- and leave with a clean house."
Given Thursday's decision and the various other probes looking at FIFA's affairs, Blatter could be forgiven if he starts looking for other exit routes from the stage.
FIFA's disciplinary body -- the adjudicatory chamber of the Ethics Committee, which is chaired by judge Hans-Joachim Eckert -- said the bans come into force immediately and could be extended by another 45 days.
Let's not forget while this FIFA disaster has been gestating for 15+ years, it took the surgical approach of USA law to excite Swiss action — Chris Eaton (@chris_j_eaton) October 8, 2015
"The proceedings against the South Korean football official Chung Mong-joon were opened in January 2015 based on findings in the report on the investigation into the bidding process for the 2018/2022 World Cup," said the FIFA Ethics Committee statement.
The FIFA Ethics Committee decision is the latest blow for Blatter.
The Swiss authorities are looking into allegations believed to center on a 2005 TV rights deal between FIFA and Jack Warner, the former president of CONCACAF, the governing body of football in North and Central America and the Caribbean, as well as an alleged "disloyal payment" to Platini.
Blatter's lawyers said the Ethics Committee had "based its decision on a misunderstanding of the actions of the attorney general in Switzerland, which has opened an investigation but brought no charge against the President."
Players' union: 2016 election in doubt
The world players union -- FIFPro -- said the suspensions "cast further doubt" on the FIFA presidential election on February 26 in 2016.
"A pattern has emerged that leaves FIFPro with little or no confidence in the ability of FIFA to reform from within," said the statement from the world players union.
JUST WATCHED Sepp Blatter: FIFA's top bosses suspended Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sepp Blatter: FIFA's top bosses suspended 03:55
"In addition, with senior officials, the 2018/2022 World Cup bidding process, and other issues still under investigation, FIFPro considers any decision regarding proposals to reform FIFA during this tumultuous period as lacking any credibility," said the FIFPro statement.
"Only a complete governance overhaul involving key stakeholders such as the players and clubs will be sufficient. The new reform Task Force announced by FIFA recently does not meet these criteria."
Platini wasn't immediately available for comment, but billionaire Chung described FIFA "as like the sinking Titanic" as he promised to "mobilize all legal means available to expose the injustice of this decision by the Ethics Committee."
Grocery chain Loblaw Companies Ltd. plans to build several dozen stores and also renovate more than 100 this year in a move that should add more than 5,000 jobs in the new stores when all is said and done.
The company says it will build roughly 50 new stores and renovate 150 existing ones, including projects that started in January.
The stores will include both grocery stores of various banners and Shoppers Drug Mart locations. But the company has not yet laid out specifically where it plans to build new locations or improve old ones.
The company made a similar announcement last year, pledging to spend about the same amount of money to build and expand roughly the same number of stores. At the same time, it is also in the midst of closing unprofitable stores while opening new ones.
Loblaw spokeswoman Catherine Thomas said the expansion plan wouldadd about 5,000 new store employees while creating roughly 15,000 construction jobs during the process.
$1 billion price tag
Those jobs would boost the company's workforce by almost three per cent, since the company already employs about 192,000 full- and part-time workers, according to its most recent regulatory filings.
Loblaw will invest $1 billion in the expansion, while Choice Properties REIT, a real estate investment trust spun out by the parent company in 2013 will contribute $300 million.
"We continue to invest in our business in ways that matter for the Canadian economy and the millions of Canadians who shop with us each week," Galen G. Weston, the company's president and executive chairman, said in a statement.
After a multiyear process to try to bring their IT and logistics up to date, the company says it is finally ready to focus on and expand its core retail business.
At least one retail consultant said the plan is a vote of confidence in Canada's economy.
"It means they have faith in it," retail consultant John Williams of J.C. Williams Group said in an interview, "and they're going forward in an aggressive new way."
"It bodes well for the Canadian retail scene," he said, adding "if you're a mediocre player you get run over and it's not a good day to be mediocre."
Loblaw already operates more than 2,300 retail stores. These include its grocery store chains such as Loblaws, No Frills and Real Canadian Super Store among others, as well as the Shoppers Drug Mart outlets and Joe Fresh apparel stores.
The company's most recent quarterly results in February showed profits slipped more than one-third compared with the prior year. However, this was primarily due to costs and accounting items associated with unusual items, rather than store performance, the company said.
Loblaw will release its first-quarter results on May 4.
[Update:Although I didn't have a financial relationship with either of these companies when this article was written, I do now. DRB has paid me for advertising and I have an affiliate agreement with SoFi (meaning if you actually refinance with them through one of the links on this page I get paid.)]
One of the things I feel the worst about for current students, residents, and new attendings is that not only do they have a much higher amount of student loan debt, but they are paying a ridiculously high amount on it. Federal loans were, until recently, offered at a minimum of 6.8%, with many students now having a majority of their debt at 7.9%! I find it completely unfair that I can get a mortgage for less than the rate of inflation, and dump it in the case of bankruptcy, but you can't get student loans from the government for twice that AND they can't be discharged in bankruptcy. Thankfully, Congress and the President have provided a little bit of relief with a bill this summer that tied interest rates to treasury rates. So now, instead of 6.8%, you're paying 3.6% plus the 10 year treasury rate at the time the loan is made (with a cap at 9.5%), which is currently a total of 5.41%. Direct PLUS loans are down from 7.9% to 6.41% (4.6% plus the 10 year treasury rate.)
Student Loan Refinancing Issues
Perhaps the biggest difference between coming out of school a decade ago like me and coming out now, however, is the issue with refinancing. My classmates refinanced their student loans at rates as low as 0.9% after graduation in 2003. That's about as close to free money as you'll ever get. Now, if you want to refinance your government loans, they simply take an average of all your loan rates. It's nice to consolidate I suppose, but it doesn't save you any interest….until now.
New Student Loan Refinancing Options
SoFi
There are currently two options available (and hopefully many more to come) where students can actually refinance their student loans at a lower interest rate. The first of these is a company called Social Finance (SoFi).
This is actually a peer to peer lending company, not that dissimilar from Lending Club or Prosper. They are currently loaning money to students who graduated from or are currently attending 100 schools, including my undergraduate institution and my medical school. The reason there are only 100 schools is that they require either alumni or institutional support for a school before they will loan there. Currently, they have only lent money to 1900 students, but I'm sure that number will grow. Rates range from 4.99%-6.99% fixed (with a 0.25% discount for autopayment), or 2.94-5.19% (capped at 8.25%) variable, again with a discount for auto payment.
I think this is a great option for a borrower. You get lower rates than you get from the government. It's beyond me why an investor would be interested. When I go shopping for peer to peer lending investments, I expect a double-digit return, and there's no way to get that when your yields are under 7%, especially if there are some defaults.
Darien Rowayton Bank (DRB)
I was approached recently by another option, the Darien Rowayton Bank (DRB), who sponsored last month's newsletter (although I received no compensation for mentioning them in this post–feel free to call them and tell them to buy a banner ad on the site). [Update: DRB has now purchased a banner ad that'll run during November.] They'll refinance your loans from any institution. These two companies have also been in a bit of a rate war as of late, and DRB has fixed rates of 4.75-5.75% and variable rates currently set at 2.76-3.01%. That looks awfully attractive compared to the 7.9% the government is giving you. As of this posting, DRB's rates are at least 0.25% less than what you can get from SOFI (assuming you went to an institution where your loans quality with SOFI). DRB also likes to point out that they have a single rate for each term (5-15 years) whereas you have to go through the SOFI application process before you can actually find out your exact rate. The biggest benefit of using DRB over SOFI (aside from the lower rate) is that you didn't have to attend a SOFI-approved institution.
Reasons Not To Refinance Student Loans
Remember that when you refinance your loans, they are no longer eligible for the IBR or the PSLF program, and that like other student loans, SoFi and DRB loans don't go away in bankruptcy. You also probably don't want to refinance subsidized loans from undergraduate, if you have any, since that subsidization will go away. Since undergraduate loans are generally at a much lower rate anyway, that's not really an issue.
The Mortgage Option
My favorite student loan refinancing option involves a mortgage. If you can somehow turn a high-interest, non-dischargeable in bankruptcy, non-deductible (for most docs) student loan into a low-interest, dischargeable, deductible mortgage or home equity loan, that's a great deal. Unfortunately, those who have big fat student loans don't generally have any home equity, and by the time you get some, the student loan situation isn't so bad.
I hope to see more competition in this financial marketplace, but it's possible that both of these companies will just go away. Neither of them is exactly a household name. You might want to jump on one of these options before it's too late. It isn't like you can't refinance again later.
What do you think? Have you refinanced your student loans? How? Did you use SoFi or DRB? Are you happy with it? Comment below!
10/27/16 Update: Clearly neither of these companies went away and many more have joined the refinancing business. If you do decide to refinance some or all of your loans, I would appreciate it if you would use the links on the site. It is a significant source of revenue for us and I have negotiated a special deal with many of the companies for you that you cannot get by going to them directly. And yes, you can refinance multiple times at increasingly better rates as your financial situation improves. There is no “break-even period” since there is no cost to you to refinance.
Best Student Loan Refinancing Companies
Supreme Court Says You Can't Ban People From The Internet, No Matter What They've Done
from the good-to-see dept
Going all the way back to 2002 (and many times after that), we've talked about courts struggling with whether or not it's okay to ban people from the internet after they've committed a crime. The question comes up in many different cases, but most prevalently in cases involving child predators. While courts have struggled with this issue for so long, it's only now that the Supreme Court has weighed in and said you cannot ban someone from the internet, even if they're convicted of horrific crimes -- in this case, sex crimes against a minor. The case is Packingham v. North Carolina, and the Supreme Court had to determine if it violated the First Amendment's free speech clause and the Fourteenth Amendment's due process clause, to make it a felony for convicted sex offenders to visit social media sites like Facebook and Twitter, as was the case under a North Carolina law.
In this case, Lester Packingham is a convicted sex offender for an event that happened back in 2002. In 2010, he went on Facebook to brag about getting a traffic ticket dismissed -- using his middle name as his last name. A local police officer saw the post and connected the dots to figure out that the poster "J.R. Gerard" was actually Lester Gerard Packingham and charged him with violating that NC law on using social media as a sex offender. Various state courts went back and forth with the NC Supreme Court eventually saying that the law was "constitutional in all respects." The Supreme Court of the United States, however, did not agree.
The ruling is interesting on a number of levels. It cites, pretty directly, EFF's amicus brief, noting just how important and central to our lives sites like Facebook have become.
While in the past there may have been difficulty in identifying the most important places (in a spatial sense) for the exchange of views, today the answer is clear. It is cyberspace—the “vast democratic forums of the Internet” in general, Reno v. American Civil Liberties Union, 521 U. S. 844, 868 (1997), and social media in particular. Seven in ten American adults use at least one Internet social networking service. Brief for Electronic Frontier Foundation et al. as Amici Curiae 5–6. One of the most popular of these sites is Facebook, the site used by petitioner leading to his conviction in this case. According to sources cited to the Court in this case, Facebook has 1.79 billion active users. Id., at 6. This is about three times the population of North America. Social media offers “relatively unlimited, low-cost capacity for communication of all kinds.” Reno, supra, at 870. On Facebook, for example, users can debate religion and politics with their friends and neighbors or share vacation photos. On LinkedIn, users can look for work, advertise for employees, or review tips on entrepreneurship. And on Twitter, users can petition their elected representatives and otherwise engage with them in a direct manner. Indeed, Governors in all 50 States and almost every Member of Congress have set up accounts for this purpose. See Brief for Electronic Frontier Foundation 15–16. In short, social media users employ these websites to engage in a wide array of protected First Amendment activity on topics “as diverse as human thought.”
The opinion, written by Justice Kennedy, notes that the internet is a vast and changing place, and notes that the court does need to proceed with caution -- but that caution must be in the direction of protecting Constitutional rights:
This case is one of the first this Court has taken to address the relationship between the First Amendmentand the modern Internet. As a result, the Court must exercise extreme caution before suggesting that the FirstAmendment provides scant protection for access to vast networks in that medium.
And then, the opinion dives right in and says that the law is obviously a violation of the First Amendment for not being "narrowly tailored." Again, while there are a few limited exceptions to the First Amendment, they are very narrowly tailored and the Supreme Court has shown little to no interest in expanding them:
Even making the assumption that the statute is content neutral and thus subject to intermediate scrutiny, the provision cannot stand. In order to survive intermediate scrutiny, a law must be “narrowly tailored to serve a significant governmental interest.” ... In other words, the law must not “burden substantially more speech than is necessary to further the government's legitimate interests.” ...
And this law is not, at all, narrowly tailored. Once again, SCOTUS leans heavily on EFF's amicus brief to point out how overly broad this NC law is:
It is necessary to make two assumptions to resolve this case. First, given the broad wording of the North Carolina statute at issue, it might well bar access not only to commonplace social media websites but also to websites as varied as Amazon.com, Washingtonpost.com, and Webmd.com. See post, at 6–9; see also Brief for Electronic Frontier Foundation 24–27; Brief for Cato Institute et al. as Amici Curiae 10–12, and n. 6. The Court need not decide the precise scope of the statute. It is enough to assume that the law applies (as the State concedes it does) to social networking sites “as commonly understood”—that is, websites like Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter....
From there, it notes that clearly a state could bar more specific and narrowly tailored actions that are not broadly targeting speech:
Second, this opinion should not be interpreted as barring a State from enacting more specific laws than the one at issue. Specific criminal acts are not protected speech even if speech is the means for their commission.... Though the issue is not before the Court, it can be assumed that the First Amendment permits a State to enact specific, narrowly tailored laws that prohibit a sex offender from engaging in conduct that often presages a sexual crime, like contacting a minor or using a website to gather information about a minor.
But this law obviously goes way beyond that, and the Court is troubled by this, calling it "unprecedented in the scope of First Amendment speech it burdens."
Even with these assumptions about the scope of the law and the State's interest, the statute here enacts a prohibition unprecedented in the scope of First Amendment speech it burdens. Social media allows users to gain access to information and communicate with one another about it on any subject that might come to mind.... By prohibiting sex offenders from using those websites, North Carolina with one broad stroke bars access to what for many are the principal sources for knowing current events, checking ads for employment, speaking and listening in the modern public square, and otherwise exploring the vast realms of human thought and knowledge. These websites can provide perhaps the most powerful mechanisms available to a private citizen to make his or her voice heard. They allow a person with anInternet connection to “become a town crier with a voice that resonates farther than it could from any soapbox."... In sum, to foreclose access to social media altogether is to prevent the user from engaging in the legitimate exercise of First Amendment rights. It is unsettling to suggest that only a limited set of websites can be used even by persons who have completed their sentences. Even convicted criminals—and in some instances especially convicted criminals—might receive legitimate benefits from these means for access to the world of ideas, in particular if they seek to reform and to pursue lawful and rewarding lives.
The above part is the key part of this ruling, and I fully expect it to be cited repeatedly in future cases. It's the Supreme Court declaring, quite clearly, that the ability to use the internet is vital to being a part of society today, and thus there's a fundamental First Amendment right to be able to do so.
Three Justices -- Alito, Roberts and Thomas -- concur with the overall opinion, but do take some issue with the expansive nature of Kennedy's opinion, suggesting it goes too far. In the concurrence, written by Alito, they note:
I cannot join the opinion of the Court, however, because of its undisciplined dicta. The Court is unable to resist musings that seem to equate the entirety of the internet with public streets and parks.... And this language is bound to be interpreted by some to mean that the States are largely powerless to restrict even the most dangerous sexual predators from visiting any internet sites, including, for example, teenage dating sites and sites designed to permit minors to discuss personal problems with their peers. I am troubled by the implications of the Court's unnecessary rhetoric.
I don't see how they can read the majority opinion to say that. Kennedy's opinion makes it quite clear that such things can be restricted where it's clear that these actions are narrowly targeted at situations that "often presages a sexual crime." Either way, I get the feeling that, despite these concerns, this case will be cited in useful ways to protect free speech in the future...
Filed Under: first amendment, free speech, internet, lester packingham, north carolina, packingham, public square, scotus, supreme court
Donald Trump will meet with Milwaukee Sheriff David Clarke next week as he continues to select members for his administration.
Breitbart.com reported:
President-elect Donald Trump plans to meet with Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke as he continues to vet possible candidates for his administration.
Trump transition team officials confirmed that the president-elect would meet with Clarke on Monday, after he returns to Trump Tower from his Thanksgiving trip to Mar-a-largo in Florida.
Officials did not say whether Trump is offering Clarke a position with his administration, but signaled interest in his opinions.
“The president elect meets with individuals who he believes he wants to hear their ideas, suggestions and opinions and then sometimes considers them for multiple potential positions,” Trump transition team's Sean Spicer explained.
Clarke, an outspoken champion for Second Amendment gun rights and a registered Democrat, has earned the respect from Trump supporters during the campaign. He also spoke at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, supporting Trump for president.
For the British lacrosse player, see Gerald Mason (lacrosse)
Gerald Fiten Mason (January 31, 1934 – January 22, 2017) was an American convicted Cop killer and Rapist. Mason's 2003 arrest and prosecution for the 1957 murders of two El Segundo, California police officers made national headlines.
Criminal career [ edit ]
Born in Columbia, South Carolina, he was arrested and did time for burglary in that state in 1956. After his release in 1957, then aged 23, he hitchhiked his way to California, stopping in Shreveport, Louisiana where he purchased a revolver using an alias. He later stated that it was purchased for protection while hitchhiking.
In Hawthorne, California, Mason came upon four teenagers at a local lover's lane. Drawing his revolver, Mason forced the two couples to strip down to their underwear and bound and blindfolded them. He then raped one of the girls. Leaving the teens alive as they were, Mason then drove off in their 1949 Ford sedan, ran a red light, and was pulled over by Officers Richard Phillips and Milton Curtis of the El Segundo Police Department.
Mason later recalled, "I thought, 'If I don't get them, they're gonna get me.' So when the officer turned away from me, I shot both officers, got back in the car and drove away."[1] Backup units and medical personnel arrived on scene to find Curtis dead in his patrol car, with Phillips lying mortally wounded on the ground. Both had been shot three times. Meanwhile, Mason, who had been wounded by a bullet from Officer Phillips, dumped the car and fled through numerous backyards before hitchhiking his way to safety.
Investigation [ edit ]
The murders of Officers Phillips and Curtis touched off a homicide investigation that continued for almost half a century. In 1960, the murder weapon was recovered a mile from the crime in a back yard. The serial number was traced to a purchase at Sears in Shreveport, Louisiana, under the alias George D. Wilson. The signature was matched to "Wilson's" signature on a YMCA receipt, located near the Sears store. El Segundo detectives proceeded to track down every George D. Wilson in the United States. However all were ruled out, and the investigation went cold.
For the next 45 years, Mason was a law-abiding citizen, never getting so much as a parking ticket. He owned two service stations, had married and raised a family. He was later described by friends and neighbors as friendly and helpful.
In 2002, with advances in computerized finger-printing technology, the FBI decided to expand the system to include prints collected during arrests in all 50 states. A match based on the partial left thumbprints lifted from the steering wheel of the stolen car, came back about a man convicted of burglary in 1956 in Columbia. He had served time for that case. Besides the matching fingerprint the evidence was also based on matching handwriting, thus linking him to the murder weapon.
Police located Mason, who had returned to and was still living in his hometown of Columbia, South Carolina. He was a wealthy retiree and a grandfather, quietly living with his family in a suburban neighborhood. Then in January 2003, a large group of police officers called at his door. Mason was completely shocked and had asked where they were from. The police officers had said, "We are from the El Segundo Police Department, and the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department." Mason then said, "You're homicide detectives? I think I need a lawyer." The police officers then told him that they were there because of the murders of two police officers in 1957. Horrified, Mason responded, "You're here for that?"
Following his arrest, Mason was further identified by the bullet graze wound scar on his back, from a bullet fired by Officer Phillips in 1957.
Confronted with so much evidence, Mason admitted to detectives that he stumbled upon the teenagers while intoxicated. Afterwards, he shot both police officers in an attempt to cover up the rape, robbery, and theft of the car. Mason further told detectives, "I really don't have an explanation for why this happened. I wish I did." When asked why he had raped a 15-year-old girl, Mason responded that he no longer remembered.
Sentencing [ edit ]
Mason pleaded guilty to the murders and was sentenced to two consecutive life terms, with a minimum of 7 years. As part of the deal, the rape, robbery and grand theft charges were dropped. At his sentencing hearing, Mason tearfully apologized to the families of Officers Phillips and Curtis. He said, "It's impossible to express to so many people how sorry I am. I do not understand why I did this. It does not fit in my life. It is not the person I know. I detest these crimes."[1]
One El Segundo Detective commented, "He was remorseful. But I think he was sadder and more sorry for having been caught."[1]
Mason, 75, was turned down for parole in 2009. The three-member board decided Mason should not come before the panel again for the maximum period of 15 years[2] until March 2024 when he is 90 years old. California prosecutors vowed that he would never be released.
He was incarcerated in South Carolina, as his plea bargain granted him approval to serve his prison sentence near his family.
The widow of Officer Curtis commented, "I'm not his victim anymore. My son is not his victim anymore. I'm so grateful, and I had to wait this long. It's worth the wait."
In a 2003 interview with People Magazine, Jerri Mason Whittaker, Gerald Mason's daughter, said, "There really aren't words to describe the range of emotions we've gone through." Even so, she insisted, "I could not have had a better father."
This story was shown on episodes of "Cold Case Files," Forensic Files, 48 Hours Mystery and Murder Book.
Death [ edit ]
Mason passed away in prison on January 22, 2017, 9 days before his 83rd birthday.[3] He spent 14 years in prison. His next parole hearing was still 7 years away.
References [ edit ]
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Near the end of President Donald Trump's rocky first year in office, White House aides view imminent victory on a tax overhaul as a starting point to strengthen his weak approval ratings ahead of key congressional elections next November.
FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump points to a large "Merry Christmas" card on the stage as he arrives to deliver remarks on tax reform in St. Louis, Missouri, U.S. November 29, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo
Some Republicans said any effort at a political turnaround must include reining in Trump's habit of lashing out at critics on Twitter.
White House aides said they recognized that Trump's poll numbers needed to start rising to limit the damage in 2018 elections in which his fellow Republicans' continued control of Congress will be at stake.
A Democratic takeover of the House of Representatives and Senate could jeopardize Trump's agenda.
“We have to grow, we have to move up, and I think having more successes like the tax vote will be important to us,” said a senior White House official.
Administration officials said Trump would seek to use momentum generated from the biggest tax rewrite in 30 years to help propel other legislative priorities, including an infrastructure program and welfare reform.
Final passage of the Republican tax bill is expected on Wednesday in what would be Trump's first major legislative victory since taking office in January.
But the tax bill carries risks. Republicans insist it will boost the economy and job growth. Democrats condemn it as a giveaway to corporations and the rich. In a Reuters/Ipsos poll, some 52 percent of adults said they opposed the tax plan, while 27 percent supported it.
SEEKING DISCIPLINE
Unless Trump practices greater discipline, some Republican strategists see disaster looming in the congressional elections, in which a third of the 100-member Senate and all 435 seats in the House will be up for grabs.
“Stop tweeting and start the new year with a new level of message discipline. Just try it. It'll work. And you'll get those poll numbers back up,” said Republican strategist Scott Reed.
“They've got to focus on that job approval number because it's a historic death watch for midterm elections. The record is strong. His discipline is key for year two,” Reed said.
Trump has repeatedly caused controversy with early morning tweets, particularly those aimed at individuals. He raised hackles recently when he tweeted that Democratic Senator Kirsten Gillibrand “would do anything” for campaign donations.
“There are definitely moments that we'd all like to see stop,” one senior aide said. “Some of the early morning stuff has not been helpful over the last few weeks.”
There has been some talk in the White House and among Trump's outside advisers about hiring a senior political adviser akin to former President Barack Obama's political aide David Axelrod or former President George W. Bush's adviser Karl Rove.
The White House political director, Bill Stepien, is seen as a more data-driven adviser. Trump, who sees himself as his own strategist, does not have anyone steeped in politics like his former White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, or former chief strategist Steve Bannon.
Aides said there was some discussion of getting Trump into events with smaller settings in order to show a more personal side of the president. His standard appearance is to go to an event, deliver a speech to a big crowd and leave.
Trump is up against a historical trend in which the party that holds the White House typically loses seats in the first congressional elections after a president's initial two years in office.
Democratic President Bill Clinton had a 46 percent approval rating in November 1994 and his party still lost 54 seats in the House and eight in the Senate. Trump was at 41 percent in a mid-December poll from NBC News and the Wall Street Journal.
Republican strategist Ford O'Connell said Trump had done much to keep his conservative base of support happy but had to expand his popularity. To do that, he needs to ease voters' concerns about his fitness for office.
“What he has to do to win over people like independents and never-Trumpers is make the American people feel comfortable with him as president,” said O'Connell. “His achievements are quite striking, but he's just not connecting (with the public).”
Bastiaan Johan Christiaan "Bas Jan" Ader (19 April 1942 – disappeared 1975) was a Dutch conceptual and performance artist, and photograper.[1] His work was in many instances presented as photographs and film of his performances. He made performative installations, including Please Don't Leave Me (1969).
Ader was lost at sea in 1975, attempting to cross the Atlantic Ocean from the American coast to England sailing in a thirteen-foot sailboat. His deserted vessel was found off the coast of Ireland on 18 April 1976, offering few clues as to his fate.[2]
Early life and education [ edit ]
Born on 19 April 1942, Ader grew up in Drieborg, a small village in the Dutch province of Groningen. His parents were both Calvinist ministers. His father was executed in 1944 by the Nazis for his large scale endeavors to help Jewish compatriots to escape the Holocaust.
During adolescence, Ader took art classes at the Gerrit Rietveld Academy in Amsterdam, and later in the United States during a study abroad program. Ader graduated from the Otis College of Art and Design in 1965 with a BFA, and from the Claremont Graduate University in 1967. After graduating, he taught at various institutions, including Mt. San Antonio College, Immaculate Heart College, and the University of California, Irvine.[3]
Works [ edit ]
Ader created a handful of photographs as well as several short black-and-white films in which he is the sole performer.[4]
One of his most famous works, I'm too sad to tell you, consists of a 3-minute silent black-and-white movie of him crying, several photographs (long hair and short hair versions) and a post card mailed to his friends with the inscription "I'm too sad to tell you".[5][6][7] Other films include him sitting on a chair on a pitched roof until he falls, one where he is hanging on a branch until his grip gives out and he falls into a stream, and a film in which he rides his bike into a canal.[4]
In 1969–70 he anonymously published the satirical conceptual art magazine Landslide with his friend William Leavitt. The magazine featured "interviews" with nonexistent artists, such as "Brian Shitart", and pranks such as "expandable sculpture" which was five packing peanuts in an envelope. Although satirical of conceptual art, the magazine itself is considered a work of conceptual art.[8][9]
In 1973 he made the work 'In search of the miraculous (One night in Los Angeles)', a series of photographs showing a lonely figure wandering through the night in L.A, searching everywhere with a torchlight. It was the first part of a triptych. The second part would be the record of his Atlantic crossing (see below), the third part a similar night time search somewhere in the Netherlands, again to be recorded in a series of photographs. He had arranged for a choir to sing sea shanties at a gallery in Los Angeles before his departure from Cape Cod. A similar performance was planned upon his arrival in a museum in Groningen, Netherlands. Due to his loss at sea, the triptych was never completed.[4] The title "In Search of the Miraculous" was a reference to P.D. Ouspensky's mystical book In Search of the Miraculous.[10]
Disappearance [ edit ]
On 9 July 1975, Ader set off in a 13 ft (4.0 m) modified "Guppy 13" pocket cruiser named Ocean Wave, to make his single-handed west–east crossing of the North Atlantic. He estimated that the voyage should take him some two and a half months. His unmanned boat was found nine months after he had set sail, floating nearly vertically in the water, bow down, 200 nautical miles (360 km) due west of Land's End, 100 nautical miles SW of Ireland. Ocean Wave was found by Spanish fishermen who took her to A Coruña from where she was stolen somewhere between 18 May and 7 June 1976.[11]
It is unknown how Ader met his death. It is the source of much speculation. Sightings of him and his boat off the American East Coast and the Azores are unconfirmed. Ader was an accomplished sailor, having been one of a two-handed crew, sailing a yacht from Morocco to California in 1962-63. His brother Erik, an experienced ocean sailor, thinks that the fixed point on the boat to which his lifeline was attached was ripped out when he fell overboard in heavy weather. His conclusion is based on interviews with people in Spain who saw his retrieved boat before it was stolen.[12]
Ader's mother, Johanna Adriana Ader-Appels, wrote the poem "From the Deep Waters of Sleep" on 12 October 1975, after having what she described as a premonition of his death:
"From the deep waters of sleep I wake up to consciousness.
In the distance I hear a train rumbling in the early morning.
It is going East and passes the border. Then it will stop." "I feel my heart beating too. It will go on beating for some time.
Then it will stop.
I wonder if the little heart that has beaten with mine, has stopped.
When he passed the border of birth, I laid him at my breast,
Rocked him in my arms.
He was very small then." "A white body of a man, rocked in the arms of the waves,
Is very small too." "What are we in the infinity of ocean and sky?
A small baby at the breast of eternity." "Have you heard of happiness
Springing from a deep well of sorrow?
Of love, springing from pain and despondency, agony and death?
Such is mine." Psalm 30:2
[13]
Exhibitions, reception and impact [ edit ]
In 1961, Ader exhibited his works at three galleries in Washington DC[14] and received a positive review in The Washington Post.[15] He became a minor sensation, being interviewed by The Voice of America and by the press in his native Holland.[16] In 1967, he gained his Master of Fine Arts with his project Implosion at Claremont Graduate School.[17]
During his lifetime, Ader had solo exhibitions at the Chouinard Art School, Los Angeles (1970), the Pomona College Museum of Art (1972), and the galleries Art & Project, Amsterdam (1972), Kabinett für Aktuelle Kunst, Bremerhaven, Germany (1972, 1974) and the Claire S. Copley Gallery, blogs.getty.edu; accessed 8 April 2015.[17]
Ader held a two-person exhibition with William Leavitt at the Nova Scotia School of Art and Design (1972), a conceptual hotbed at the time, as well as a number of group exhibitions in Europe and the US with such artists as Leavitt, Ger van Elk, Gilbert & George, Jack Goldstein, Allen Ruppersberg, John Baldessari, and Marcel Broodthaers among others. His work was also included in the important international survey exhibitions Prospekt '71: Projektion at the Kunsthalle Düsseldorf (1971), and Sonsbeek '71, Groningen, Holland. (1971).[18]
Since his disappearance, Ader's work has been exhibited in solo exhibitions at institutions worldwide including the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam (1988), the Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen, Rotterdam (1993, 2006), Kunstverein München, Munich (1994, 2000), Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris (1994), Kunstverein Braunschweig, Germany (2000), Portikus, Frankfurt (2003), and the Museo Tamayo Arte Contemporáneo, Mexico City (2004).[citation needed]
Ader's first retrospective in the United States took place in 1999 at the University of California, Irvine,[19] and travelled to two other venues; the Mary Porter Sesnon Art Gallery, University of California, Santa Cruz, and the Sweeney Art Gallery at the University of California, Riverside. It was curated by Brad Spence[20] with a catalogue including contributions by Thomas Crow, Jan Tumlir, and Spence. In 2006, Camden Arts Centre, London held a European retrospective of his works which travelled to the Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen, Rotterdam and the Kunsthalle, Basel, Switzerland.[18]
More recent solo exhibitions include In Search of the Miraculous: 30 Years Later, Centro Gallego de Arte Contemporáneo, Santiago de Compostela, Spain (2010), Suspended Between Laughter and Tears, Pitzer Art Galleries, Pitzer College, Claremont CA (2010), which travelled to the Museo de Arte Zapopan, Mexico, and the artist's first Italian retrospective Tra Due Mondi, MAMbo, Museo d'Arte Moderna di Bologna, Bologna, Italy (2013). Metro Pictures, NYC, had a mini - survey of his work during summer, 2016. So did Simon Lee Gallery in London.
Erika Yeomans' conceptual documentary In Search of Bas Jan's Miraculous (1998, 40 minutes, mixed media) on Ader's life and art was featured on This American Life in 1996.[21]
Inspired by Ader, digital movie pioneer Rene Daalder proposed a new genre of art called "Gravity Art" in 2008. Gravity Art is based on the idea of gravity as a medium.[22] Ader is seen as the founder of this genre for the themes in his work of falling and letting go.[23]
Here Is Always Somewhere Else is a 2007 documentary film about the life and work of Bas Jan Ader. As seen through the eyes of fellow emigrant filmmaker Rene Daalder, the picture becomes an overview of contemporary art films, featuring work from artists Tacita Dean, Rodney Graham, Marcel Broodthaers, Ger van Elk, Charles Ray, Wim T. Schippers, Chris Burden, Fiona Tan, Pipilotti Rist and many others.
Ader was one of the invited artists of the 2017 57th Venice Biennale.[24]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Specific references
Other sources
Jan Verwoert, Bas Jan Ader: In Search of the Miraculous , London: Afterall Books, 2006; ISBN 1-84638-002-2.
, London: Afterall Books, 2006; ISBN 1-84638-002-2. Maike Aden-Schraenen, In Search of Bas Jan Ader , Berlin: Logos Verlag, 2013. ISBN 978-3-8325-2295-7.
, Berlin: Logos Verlag, 2013. ISBN 978-3-8325-2295-7. Alexander Dumbadze, Bas Jan Ader: Death Is Elsewhere, Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2013. ISBN 978-0-226-03853-7.
Further reading [ edit ]
Five out of seven parties have committed to stop funding irrigation, although National denies the funds are subsidies as farmers have to pay any money back with interest.
National and NZ First have snubbed a questionnaire from environment groups about where they stand on freshwater.
The green groups have created a scorecard based on political parties' responses to what they call a "Freshwater Rescue Plan".
Some of the seven steps towards this are to withdraw public funding for irrigation, reduce cow numbers, instigate a polluter pays policy, and make regional councils report every quarter on water quality breaches and enforcement.
Environment and recreation groups have released an election freshwater scorecard, based on parties' responses.
Three parties - the Greens, Māori and TOP - back all seven steps. Labour scores five out of seven, but does not support a polluter pays regime or investing in an agriculture transition fund.
READ MORE:
* Food prices will not rise under Labour's water charge after details released
* Farmer hits out at both National and Labour water policies as bad for farming
"The Freshwater Rescue Plan has seven steps to save New Zealand's rivers and lakes from overuse and pollution. It has broad support from organisations across the conservation, tourism, and public health sectors, which altogether represent about half a million New Zealanders," Forest & Bird chief executive Kevin Hague said.
The "most telling aspect" of the scorecard was to see how many parties wanted to end public irrigation subsidies. Hague said the Government had spent half a billion dollars in public irrigation subsidies.
However, the $500 million figure is not correct. In 2013 the National Government established Crown Irrigation Investments Limited (CIIL) to help fund irrigation schemes. It committed to provide up to $400m; so far $131m of this has been spent.
IrrigationNZ has said the monies are not a subsidy, as farmers have to repay what they borrow, with interest.
Last year the Government also set up the Freshwater Improvement Fund, a $100m-over-10-years amount that can be spent on irrigation and other projects.
Last week Primary Industries Minister Nathan Guy also said the Government was changing CILL's constitution so that it could fund water storage projects with direct environmental and economic benefits, rather than on the basis of purely economic grounds.
The change recognised the importance of water storage and distribution projects to the environment and it "made sense" to broaden CIIL's scope given the wider benefits of these projects. It would now be able to provide concessionary loans to local authorities for projects that directly lead to environmental benefits.
Guy gave the example of the proposed Waimea community dam near Nelson, which would take water from the Lee River and release it during periods of high water demand and/or low natural flows.
"Reliability of water provided by this project would allow pasture to be converted to higher value crops like apples. It would also recharge aquifers, provide water for municipal supply and improve water quality for recreational use."
Hague said National and New Zealand First needed to tell voters what their position was and explain whether they thought farming could stand on its own two feet without irrigation subsidies.
Organisations supporting the Freshwater Rescue Plan are: Choose Clean Water, Federated Mountain Clubs of New Zealand Inc., Fish & Game New Zealand, Forest & Bird, Greenpeace New Zealand, OraTaiao - New Zealand Climate & Health Council, the Public Health Association, and the Tourism Export Council of New Zealand, ActionStation, Environment and Conservation Organisations of Aotearoa New Zealand (ECO), New Zealand Federation of Freshwater Anglers, New Zealand Recreation Association, Pure Advantage, Waitaha Executive Grandmothers Council, Whitewater New Zealand, and WWF-New Zealand.
Meanwhile after fisheries pressure group LegaSea canvassed parties, they announced Labour and the Greens - but not National - have supported an inquiry into the management of New Zealand's fisheries.
LegaSea has called for a Royal Commission of Inquiry after what it describes as "a long series of failures" including fish dumping.
CTVNews.ca Staff
A team of doctors at the University of Calgary has, for the first time in North America, successfully performed a stem cell transplant in a spinal cord injury patient, a procedure that could offer a glimmer of hope to patients whose injuries have long been considered untreatable.
The doctors injected the neural stem cells into the spine of a 29-year-old paraplegic, who will now be monitored to determine whether implanting those cells is safe.
Later studies will look at whether it is possible to regenerate new tissue and repair the man's injury.
“That is the goal, a cure,” the University of Calgary's Dr. Steven Casha, who performed the procedure on Wednesday, told CTV News.
“Stem cells have the potential to recreate lost tissue,” he added, although that remains to be proven in humans with spinal cord injuries. The answer, he said, “is a long way away.”
The transplant is part of an ongoing clinical trial being conducted by StemCells Inc., which harvested the stem cells from the nervous system of a fetus. The company holds a patent on the cells.
Data from three patients in Europe who have already undergone a transplant suggests the procedure is safe.
“We have not been seeing significant complications or adverse events and there have been a couple of patients who have made very small gains in function that appear to be hopeful and that is very interesting,” Dr. Michael Fehlings, head of the spinal program at Toronto Western Hospital and the lead investigator for the trial at the University of Toronto, told CTV.
Fehlings cautioned that the results are very preliminary.
“I think it is important for people with spinal cord injuries to know that there is potential hope on the horizon, that there are efforts underway right now to move the field forward,” he said.
“Truthfully, it is going to be years before we actually know the results.”
StemCells, Inc. has nine patients currently enrolled in the study, and plans to enroll 12 others who are paralyzed from the chest down.
Patients are being enrolled at the University of Calgary, the University of Toronto and at Balgrist University Hospital in Zurich, Switzerland.
More than 85,000 Canadians have suffered some form of spinal cord injury, with 4,000 new cases every year. Estimates peg lifetime medical costs for these patients anywhere from $1.5 million to $3 million.
While stem-cell research has largely been conducted in animals, the results have been promising and scientists are hoping to expand their studies to include human subjects.
Because stem cells can grow into any type of tissue, stem-cell therapy is seen as having the potential to solve a variety of medical problems, from regenerating scarred heart tissue to repairing severed spinal cords.
With a report from CTV's medical specialist Avis Favaro and producer Elizabeth St. Philip
Deputy Danny Norris of the Mesa County Sheriff's Office in Colorado, launching a Falcon drone off his shoulder during a test run. It is illegal to damage the property of the sheriff's office — and that would include shooting down its drones.
A town called Deer Trail, located an hour east of Denver, Colo., is considering issuing a novel kind of hunting permit. If passed, the town would give residents licenses to "kill" drones ... by shooting them out of the air.
A vote held on Tuesday night found the town board split 50-50 over passing a local law that would let people apply for $25 drone hunting licenses, and exchange their spoils for a $100 bounty. The next vote will involve residents of the town, according to NBC affiliate station 9News, and is due to take place later this year.
So why would you want to take out a drone? Deer Trail resident Phillip Steel, who drafted the ordinance, has called his initiative a "symbolic" stance against government surveillance. But experts are concerned about the move, citing numerous legal and safety concerns that could assail the town and its shooters, licensed or otherwise.
"Generally our view is that it is a relatively reckless and irresponsible proposition," Benjamin Miller, Unmanned Aircraft Program Manager at the Mesa County Sheriff's Office in Colorado, told NBC News. Miller has directed operations in which the office's two police drones have helped find missing people, survey landfills, and conduct an aerial thermal read of a burning church.
Ryan Calo, assistant professor of law at the University of Washington, calls the town's reaction a "cowboy instinct." Coming from a town that calls itself home of the world's first rodeo, that may not be far from the truth. "It's showmanship — it's just all flash," he told NBC News.
And drone owners are probably legally protected, regardless of the town's ordinances. If you were flying a drone above Deer Trail and someone shot it down, "you would have recourse against the individual who shot it down, probably recourse against the city," Calo said. Just consider the case of the Texas farmer David Lefler who was arrested after shooting down a $12,000 model aircraft with an 82-inch wingspan.
Also, the permission to shoot a drone may not be the town's to give away. "I don't see where the authority comes from, where a local municipality could empower people to shoot down drones," Calo pointed out. Unlike a deer in a local park, drones are private property and airspace is regulated by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration rather than local authorities.
The FAA caught wind of the town's proposal, and issued a statement warning about the legal implications of harming an aircraft, as well as the safety considerations of a crashing chunk of metal. "Shooting at an unmanned aircraft could result in criminal or civil liability, just as would fire at a manned airplane," the FAA clarified in a statement emailed to NBC News.
While high-flying Predators and Reapers are harder to bring down, the smaller helicopter-style crafts that police departments are beginning to use could be crippled. "If you think about it, small unmanned aircraft are about the size of birds, and we fly them at the altitudes of birds. It's technically possible," Miller said, clarifying that it is illegal to damage property that belongs to the Mesa County Sheriff's office — drones included.
This isn't the first time a drone hunting issue has been brought up in a public forum. During a drone privacy hearing in May, Rep. Louie Gohmert, R-Texas, asked a panel of drone and privacy experts if it was possible to shoot a drone down over one's property.
Miller has heard tongue-in-cheek references to drone hunting before — the machines have their vocal opponents, among them privacy advocates who are concerned about the government's use of surveillance drones.
But he'd "never dreamed of this kind of thing becoming a reality," until the Deer Trail proposal came to his attention. "When I first saw this I thought, 'You've got to be kidding me,'" he said. "I mean, wow."
Nidhi Subbaraman writes about technology and science. Follow her on Facebook, Twitter, and Google+.
Dancing With Beelzebub is perhaps my favourite book, by my favourite author, Michael Laws. I read his insightful and incisive columns in the Sunday Star Times every week and I really like how he hates people who are different from me. He says what I'm thinking. Things Michael Laws doesn't like to include
ferals (the poor)
ferals (people with Aspergers syndrome)
ferals (my annoying neighbors)
ferals (videogame players)
ferals (people with the wrong opinion)
ferals (actual feral cats and such)
In fact you can pretty much tell how any given Michael Laws column is going to go by following this simple formula:
1.) A thing has occurred
2.) Therefore, FERALS
But that's all good, because I like familiarity and I hate ferals.
ANYWAY this isn't about how much I love Laws, even though I do: it's about how much I love his book, and although it rends me to send it away I want to pass on its goodness to others.
The book is called Dancing With Beelzebub. Its title is a smidgen misleading because at no stage does any character actually Dance With Beelzebub, and it isn't based on other dancing-based works like Dances With Wolves.
It's actually about a dude called Regan Paul (sweet name bro) who bops home to Wanganui hoping to become a National candidate in the forthcoming general election. (Please note: in no way is Regan Paul an author-substitute for Michael Laws. Nup. Definitely not. Not at all.) But then some kids get murdered, and Paul falls under the spell of the mysterious Mandy Essen. Michael Laws has written a stunning thriller/whodunit, with a shocking climax that will linger long right after the final page has been turned.
Now I can tell you that this shocking climax is my favourite part in the book, because it's the bit where Michael Laws sorry I mean Regan Paul gets violated by evil lesbians with a massive black phallus. (Spoiler warning)
Questions welcome. Please love this book as I have.
All funds from this auction will go towards supporting political satire in NZ.
There were no answered questions or comments placed on this listing. You must have Javascript enabled to ask and answer questions Your question and answer privileges have been disabled. You must log in to view questions and answers on this listing. We recommend reading questions before you make any purchases. Question submitted Note: You must log in to ask or answer questions posted. We recommend reading questions before you make any purchases. Available only to approved bidders. You must be an authenticated member to ask questions Find out more about becoming authenticated Your account is in debt Your current account balance is You must credit your account to use this feature. Firearms licence #
Firearms licence holder name
First name is required Last name is required
Your current account balance is Please note you will lose your question and answer privileges if your account is in debt for more than 2 weeks. Credit your account I confirm that I am over 18 years old. To prevent your personal details being misused please do not put emails or phone numbers in questions. Failure to comply may result in the suspension of your account. The seller cannot add a Buy Now price once bidding has started.
On Wednesday morning, the Travis County Fire Department (TCFD) teamed up with Fox 7 for a Facebook Live video meant to show viewers the dangers of frying a turkey. Unfortunately, things did not go quite as expected. Rather than making the dangerous, fiery mess that fire officials worry about this time of year, they ended up shooting a 45-minute-long Fail Video. But good for them for trying!
The footage started simply enough, with firefighters and media waiting at a burn training sight for their frying oil to heat up. After about 20 minutes, they finally got the temperature needed to start a grease fire and a large, frozen bird was dunked into the container. However, nothing much happened. Once it became clear to the firefighters that this bird wasn't going to burn (skip to about 19 minutes in), one can be heard cursing off camera. “Damnit!” he says. Then they bring out an actual flamethrower, which also fails to ignite the pot of oil.
“Did y'all catch the boiling oil?” one of the firefighters asks reporters on the scene. “Yeah, so, there's that. Hopefully y'all can do something with it. But no matter what y'all do with that, it's bad.”
Since TCFD didn't quite make the point it was trying to get at, here are a few tips from SeriousEats about turkey frying safety:
Children and pets should be nowhere near a deep-frying setup. There shouldn't be even the remotest chance that they'll get anywhere close to it.
You should read and follow all the manufacturer's instructions and warnings included with your deep fryer, and follow those instructions in all instances in which they deviate from what I've written here.
Never use an outdoor frying setup indoors, or in any enclosed or covered space, and never use an indoor fryer outdoors.
If you live in a colder climate, plan on being outside in the cold for a couple of hours: Responsible turkey fryers do not leave things unattended. (Alternatively, find people to relieve you if you want to go back inside.)
Don't drink and fry.
The most important tip, however, is to make sure your turkey is fully defrosted, because ice particles/wet turkeys and 350 degree oil do not mix. In case you're wondering what, exactly, that might look like, but want to keep your house — here's a video that actually pulled off the fireball that Travis County FD was looking for:
And here's how to actually do it properly:
Featured photo screen shot from Facebook Live
Dangerous chemical found in three leading brands of bottled water
Chemicals linked to genital abnormalities in babies have been found in three of Britain's leading bottled water brands.
Scientists tested the 10 best-selling types of mineral water that use plastic seals inside aluminium caps on glass bottles.
Six were revealed to contain PVC and of those, three - Highland Spring, Hildon and Strathmore - had leached chemicals in PVC known as phthalates into the water.
Warning: Dangerous chemicals - known as phthalates - have been detected in bottled water from three leading brands
Phthalates, which are used to soften plastics to make them bendy, have been banned in the EU for toys that children can put in their mouths.
Studies have shown a strong correlation between mothers exposed to high levels of phthalates during pregnancy and genital abnormalities known as hypospadias in young boys.
However, there is no legislation in Britain banning the use of phthalates in food or drink packaging.
In America the Toy Manufacturers Association has voluntarily stopped the use of phthalates in toys for children under three.
David Santillo, senior scientist at the Greenpeace Research Laboratory, said: 'On its own you are not going to get a serious dose from bottled water but it is part of the drip, drip of exposure.
'The fact that it can be detected in water at all is remarkable and suggests that very high levels of phthalates are being used in the caps.'
A spokesman for the Food Standards Agency said the levels of phthalates found did not exceed EU safety levels.
Brands such as San Pellegrino and Evian do not use PVC in packaging.
A Highland Spring spokesperson said water quality was the company's top priority , and all their water was 'perfectly safe to drink'.
The company said the caps tested were manufactured under the previous industry standard, but it no longer used PVC.
'Phthalates occur naturally in the environment and are commonly found in food and drink products, household items, medical devices and tap water,' the spokesperson said.
'Trace elements were found in Highland Spring but the miniscule 0.005 mg/l sample was 99.7 per cent lower than the EU safe limit of 1.5 mg/l.'
Jesse D. Garrabrant/Getty Images
The Sacramento Kings have received permission to speak with former Philadelphia 76ers general manager Sam Hinkie about a possible role in their front office, according to ESPN.com's Marc Stein and Zach Lowe.
Stein noted that teams wishing to discuss employment with Hinkie "must receive permission from the Sixers to speak with him as part of his non-compete agreement this season."
It's unclear exactly what role Hinkie would play in the front office if he expressed interest in a gig, but The Vertical's Adrian Wojnarowski reported Monday that Kings owner Vivek Ranadive "has been quietly searching for an executive to place over Vlade Divac."
The Kings would release the following statement regarding the news, per Wojnarowski, "The Kings are not hiring Sam Hinkie and have no plans to bring anyone in above Vlade." However, Wojnarowski reinforced his report that they are indeed searching for someone above Divac.
"Ranadive has been canvassing the NBA for possible candidates and has been mostly intrigued with Hinkie, who is living in the Northern California area now," Wojnarowski wrote."There's been discussion at the Kings' ownership level about keeping Divac in a player-personnel role, but transferring the overall management of basketball operations to someone else."
Furthermore, Wojnarowski cited league sources who said, "Ranadive has had conversations with Hinkie since his 76ers resignation in the spring and hoped to start down a path of hiring him to run the Kings."
The Kings have long been regarded as one of the NBA's most dysfunctional franchises, and moves over the past few years with Divac at the helm have not helped that perception.
In a January article chronicling some of the Kings' more puzzling moves, ESPN.com's Kevin Arnovitz noted: "Several agents and executives who shared their thoughts on background have found working with the Kings to be confounding, and negotiations, in the words of one, to be 'abnormal.' They describe an organization whose constituencies cannot get on the same page, each guided by divergent philosophies and competing preferences."
In that regard, making a move for Hinkie—the architect of Philadelphia's divisive Process—could help strengthen the basketball operations department.
Hinkie was renowned as one of the league's most forward thinkers during his time with the Sixers, and he set the franchise up for future success by embracing the long game and nabbing draft picks that led to the selections of Joel Embiid, Dario Saric and Ben Simmons.
He also pulled off one of the more memorable trades in recent years when the Sixers acquired Nik Stauskas, Carl Landry, Jason Thompson, a 2019 first-round pick and the right to swap 2016 and 2017 first-round picks with the Kings in exchange for a future second-round pick so they could clear cap space to sign Rajon Rondo.
Making matters worse for the Kings was that Divac was reportedly not educated on behind-the-scenes trade machinations.
Citing league sources, Arnovitz reported "when the Kings and Sixers struck a deal to send Nik Stauskas to Philadelphia, Divac was surprised to learn that the trade had to be confirmed on a conference call with the league. Multiple agents express astonishment at how poorly versed Divac is in the NBA's collective bargaining agreement."
However, Divac denied that account when speaking to Arnovitz.
Now in full-on rebuilding mode after shipping DeMarcus Cousins to the New Orleans Pelicans, the Kings need to thrive in the asset management department.
Hinkie, then, would seem to be a logical fit if Ranadive can convince him the team it is willing to embrace a plan that prioritizes long-term gains over short-term prosperity.
Draft pick information courtesy of RealGM.com.
The FCC announced new rules for telemarketers on Feb. 15, 2012. Getty Images
(CBS) - Apple customers who want to camp out for the iPhone 4S in Hong Kong will be disappointed.
The computer company has implemented a lottery system in an attempt to curb scalping spots in line at the Apple Store in Hong Kong.
Full coverage of Apple at Tech Talk
Customers will have to fill out a reservation form online and wait to be chosen to purchase the iPhone 4S during a daily three-hour window. Those chosen will receive a confirmation by 9 p.m. the previous night. And they must show up with a picture ID that matches the reservation.
Apple offered this note to patrons in Hong Kong:
Due to high demand, we are accepting a limited number of iPhone reservations per day. To request an iPhone reservation, please choose your store and the iPhone you want. If we have an iPhone reservation for you, you'll receive a confirmation email by 9:00 p.m. tonight that includes the time when you can pick up your iPhone tomorrow. A government-issued photo ID matching the name and ID number on your reservation is required for iPhone purchases. If you don't receive an email, we were unable to reserve an iPhone for you, and you can try again another time. Only those who receive an email confirming their reservation will be able to purchase an iPhone; we will not be selling iPhone 4 or iPhone 4S to walk-in customers.
While it sounds like the VIP line for an exclusive club, the precautions might be in place due to a recent iPhone 4S launch in the Sanlitun district in Beijing that was ruined by scalpers.
"We were unable to open our store at Sanlitun due to the large crowd, and to ensure the safety of our customers and employees, iPhone will not be available in our retail stores in Beijing and Shanghai for the time being," said Apple spokeswoman Carolyn Wu told the Associated Press.
There are no details regarding when customers in Hong Kong will be able to walk in to purchase the iPhone 4S.
(Free Feature)
Among the four Fallen Empire personalities we created for release, two of them didn't really work out: The Keepers of Knowledge and Enigmatic Observers. The Holy Guardians and Militant Isolationists restrict you from a certain part of space - sure, that part may be a deliciously tempting size 20 Gaia World, but ultimately you can always find another place to expand. The Keepers of Knowledge and Enigmatic Observers, however, restrict playstyles - if you get one of the former in your galaxy, you can forget about having sentient robots until you're strong enough to take them on. As there's little you can do about this other than hope for the right type of Fallen Empires to spawn, it's not very fun and ultimately just limits player strategies in a rather arbitrary way. For this reason, we've decided to revamp the Keepers of Knowledge and Enigmatic Observers.
Click to expand...
TALLAHASSEE – Under pressure from social conservative groups, the Florida House acted Wednesday to allow faith-based adoption agencies to deny adoptions to gay couples.
The House debated HB 7111 ahead of a vote Thursday, with Republicans rejecting several amendments from Democrats designed to kill the bill. The bill allows private adoption agencies to refuse adoptions to gay couples if they have a religious or moral objection. Democratic amendments nullified by Republicans would have prevented discrimination based on gender or race.
Rep. Jason Brodeur, R-Sanford, said he wants to prevent religious adoption agencies from being shut down so there would be more opportunities for parents seeking to adopt. He cited the example of Catholic agencies in Massachusetts and other states that shut down rather than comply with non-discrimination laws.
“I don't believe that the state should be allowed to discriminate against these organizations because of their religious beliefs or convictions,” Brodeur said. “So I'm trying to protect those folks that do good work in the state of Florida from having the government discriminate against their religious beliefs.”
Rep. David Richardson, D-Miami Beach, the first openly gay legislator elected to the House, led the fight against the bill, offering amendments to negate the bill that were rejected by Republicans. He noted the bill allows agencies to raise “moral objections,” not just religious beliefs to reject adoption applicants. Also, religious adoption agencies refusing gay couples could still receive state contracts and taxpayer funds.
“This bill goes far wider and deeper than just religious convictions,” Richardson said.
The House passed a different bill, HB 7013, last month eliminating the state ban on gay adoptions. The bill codifies a five years-old appeals court ruling saying the ban was unconstitutional. John Stemberger, an Orlando attorney and general counsel for the Florida Family Policy Council, wrote a letter to lawmakers after the vote claiming the ruling was not binding on the rest of the state, only in the Miami district the decision came from – something other lawyers dispute.
“I think the House made a mistake and it knows that now,” Stemberger said. “There's no reason a faith-based adoption agency should have to close down over threats of lawsuits.”
Former Attorney General Bill McCollum, a Republican, dropped the state's fight against the lawsuit that produced the ruling in 2010, and the Florida Department of Children and Families hasn't enforced the gay adoption ban since it was struck down.
Meanwhile, the Senate defeated an amendment from Sen. Kelli Stargel, R-Lakeland, on HB 7013 to require a “statewide binding” court to find the ban on gay adoption unconstitutional for the ruling to take effect. The amendment, which would have essentially reimposed the ban, failed on a voice vote.
The rest of the bill includes incentives for adopting children with additional incentives for those adopting special needs children. The bill is a top priority of Senate President Andy Gardiner, R-Orlando.
Gay rights groups are exasperated with the move in the House, seeing it as moving backwards on a fight they feel they already won in the courts. They say the House measure is akin to a recent Indiana law allowing businesses to refuse to serve gay people, generating national headlines.
“It's outrageous, it's discrimination in its ugliest form. It's even worse than Indiana because this requires taxpayers to fund discrimination,” said Nadine Smith, CEO of Equality Florida.
But Brodeur insisted his bill wasn't meant to hurt gay couples but to protect the consciences of religious adoption agencies.
“It is not (a sword), it is a sheild to protect our religious liberties,” Brodeur said.
Few, if any, fighters on the UFC roster have a better insight on the return of Brock Lesnar at UFC 200 this weekend than light heavyweight veteran Tom Lawlor. But not in the way you might assume.
Yes, he fought on the same card as the former UFC heavyweight champion at UFC 100 and UFC 121, and was a cornerman for another fighter on the same UFC 116 card when Lesnar battled Shane Carwin, but “Filthy” Tom admits that there wasn't much interaction between them.
“He was pretty secluded, from what I remember, and I assume it's going to be very similar this go-round,” Lawlor said.
Instead, Lawlor has an insider's knowledge of all things Brock not just as a fighter, but as a pro wrestling aficionado, radio analyst for the Wrestling Observer, and even as a participant, as the former Ring of Honor manager has been learning the finer points of sports entertainment on a weekly basis as he waits for his next call to the Octagon.
So is Lesnar's return as big a deal as everyone is saying it is?
“He hasn't fought in over four years,” Lawlor said. “There are very few people that they could bring back that would cause such a buzz. There's him, GSP (Georges St-Pierre), and that's about it.”
Consider that a “Yes.” And while UFC fans are excited about seeing the big man attempt to reclaim past glory as he steps into the Octagon for the first time since 2011 to face Mark Hunt on Saturday, pro wrestling fans are just as excited to see Lesnar back in the Octagon again. It's been a love affair between fans and “The Beast” for a long time now, and it shows no signs of letting up.
“If we go back to the beginning of Brock Lesnar's career in the WWE, he was brought in as somebody with an unparalleled hype machine behind him,” Lawlor explains. “They brought him in as "The Next Big Thing," which was his moniker. So from the beginning, he was a guy who was being pushed to the moon right off the bat, and he had a legitimate wrestling background as well.”
More on Brock Lesnar's return: Brock's story: How WWE star rose to UFC fame | Lesnar's honest reflections could lead to redemption | Hunt prepared to send Lesnar back to pro wrestling | Dana White: Competitive Lesnar has hands full with Hunt | Watch: Robin Black breaks down Brock vs Hunt | It's time: Lesnar vs Hunt | Free fight: Brock Lesnar vs Frank Mir
So legitimate that when he was signed by the WWE, he was coming off his win at the 2000 NCAA Division I national championships for the University of Minnesota. He went on to star in the WWE for four years before attempting to win a roster spot on the NFL's Minnesota Vikings. This, after not even playing football in college.
“There's not very many guys who can not play football and then get offered a position on the practice squad in the NFL and a chance to play in NFL Europe, which he declined,” Lawlor said. “It takes a very special kind of athlete to be even able to do that.”
After some more pro wrestling, Lesnar turned to MMA, and after one win in 2007 over Min-Soo Kim, he was signed by the UFC. He was the next big thing again.
“I think the biggest help to Brock was that he was at the right place at the right time in two different worlds,” Lawlor said. “As the UFC was gaining steam and popularity, he was on the outs with the WWE, and his switch over to mixed martial arts was met with not only a lot of questions, but a lot of anticipation. It wasn't as if we're taking a professional wrestler who was strictly trained in professional wrestling, but someone who could do all that and back it up in legitimate environment. You also have to take a look at the fact that the guy's just a freak. If he was in any sporting endeavor, he would stand out.”
Lesnar did, winning four of seven UFC bouts, a stint that included a stoppage of Randy Couture for the heavyweight title and a UFC 100 headlining gig against Frank Mir. Two bouts with Diverticulitis shortened his stay in MMA, and he returned to the WWE, where he may have gotten bigger than ever as one of the organization's top superstars. According to Lawlor, a lot of that has to do with the fact that Lesnar isn't working on the road 300 days a year like many of his peers, making his appearances ones to mark on the calendar.
That goes for Saturday night as well, when Mr. Lesnar is back in the Octagon and ready to tackle the UFC's best once more.
“The fact that he's not on the road all year makes him a lot more of a special attraction and a bigger draw,” he said. “He's also out of the public eye for much of his time, so there's a certain unknown aura about him that no one's been able to crack, and I don't think anybody ever will. That's just his personality. But people are drawn to it.”
Celebrating his 100th day in office, RNC Chairman Michael Steele did his best Thursday morning to present a GOP that was prepared to "turn a corner" from its current doldrums.
The process included what seems to be his first public rebuke of an effort from some in the Republican National Committee to official brand the Democratic Party the "Democrat Socialist Party."
"I'm not for that at all," Steele told "Fox and Friends" Tuesday morning. "And I've mentioned it to folks inside the party and said, you know, I think we should be smart and strategic about that. But a lot of people have passions and the beauty of the Republican Party is you get to express those passions in various ways."
The Fox appearance, and the wrist-slapping of the Socialist branding resolution that came with it, is part of a renewed push on Steele's behalf to bring the Republican Party away from the brink of caricature status.
The Chairman also penned an op-ed in Politico pointing to "three important ways" that "Republicans are turning a corner." The list, however, was rather mundane, including such promises as "the Republican Party will be forward-looking"; the "Republican Party will not shy away from voicing our opposition to the president's policies"; and "the Republican Party will seize upon momentum for a GOP resurgence that is already underway in states and local communities."
Steele planned to speak before RNC officials in a committee meeting in Maryland on Tuesday, in which he would call for an end to the "era of apologizing" in the GOP.
"Ronald Reagan never lived in the past," Steele will reportedly say. "Ronald Reagan was all about the future. If President Reagan were here today he would have no patience for Americans who looked backward."
As for the resolution branding the Democrats the "Democrat Socialists," Steele hasn't always taken such a hard line. Appearing on "Meet the Press" on Sunday, he said that committee members were entitled to their own advocacy. "If they do that, they do that." The chairman did, however, pen a memo last month opposing the resolution.
OECD's Pascal Saint-Amans says efforts to improve sharing of information between countries must go further
Police and tax inspectors must be able to discover who sits behind opaque corporate trusts if international efforts to fight tax dodging and corruption in the wake of the Panama Papers scandal are to prove effective, one of the world's top tax reformers has warned.
Pascal Saint-Amans, head of tax at the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), said existing efforts to improve the sharing of information between countries – championed by David Cameron – needed to go further.
In particular, he said countries needed to look again at new registers of company ownership, suggesting these should be improved and expanded. One of his proposals is that as well as recording the beneficial owner of each company, these registers should also show similar information for trusts.
An effective regime, Saint-Amans told the Guardian, “will definitely require improved availability of, and access to, information on beneficial owners of all legal arrangements – including trusts”.
Trusts are particularly controversial because they can be used to create questionable tax structures, to hide corrupt activities or to facilitate money laundering. They are a feature of many common law jurisdictions, and have proved especially popular in the offshore world.
Saint-Amans's comments highlight how isolated the UK has become in its insistence that trusts be largely excluded from international efforts to bring transparency to the most secretive corners of the corporate world. In 2013, Cameron wrote to top European officials making the case for trusts to be exempted from rules, then being drawn up in Brussels, requiring companies to report who they are owned by.
He wrote: “[Ownership] registries will … enable law enforcement and tax authorities to access, discreetly and at short notice, critical information for cross-border investigations.
“It is clearly important we recognise the important differences between companies and trusts. This means that the solution for addressing the potential misuse of companies – such as [ownership] registries – may well not be appropriate generally.”
After pressure from the UK, it was agreed that only those trusts which “generate tax consequences” should be subject to the new Brussels directive. Most tax experts agree this loose wording effectively releases many of the more controversial trusts – especially those offshore – from ownership disclosure requirements.
In the wake of the series of scandals exposed in the Panama Papers, the UK has led international calls for greater information sharing. Together with France, Germany, Spain and Italy, the UK responded with plans to open up their ownership register to one another's investigative authorities.
In April, the chancellor, George Osborne, said this information sharing initiative was “a hammer blow against those that would illegally evade taxes and hide their wealth in the dark corners of the financial system”.
It remains to be seen whether a new UK prime minister will continue Cameron's efforts to win international consensus on the best way to fight offshore corruption. But last week, the UK became the first major economy to require all companies registered here to state their true ownership in filings at Companies House.
Many other large countries are developing similar registers to record company ownership, but have stopped short of making that information public. More than 20 countries have joined the new European initiative allowing police and tax inspectors from each jurisdiction to access one another's ownership register. They include Gibraltar, Cyprus and the Isle of Man.
Despite pressure from the UK, however, many other countries – including some crown dependencies and overseas territories – have resisted pressure to set up ownership registers.
Saint-Amans and other experts at combating offshore corruption and money laundering are expected to report to the G20 in October. A highly influential figure in international corporate reforms, he spent the last three years leading a G20-commissioned reform programme to end tax loopholes in international rules exploited by some of the world's largest corporations, including Google, Amazon, Vodafone and Starbucks.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
In July 2011, I did something I never thought I would do as a member of Congress: I voted for a bill introduced by then-Rep. Dennis J. Kucinich, the liberal anti-war Ohio Democrat. Mr. Kucinich's bill sought to cut off U.S. funding for President Obama's campaign in Libya — a campaign that was cheered by several high-profile Republicans.
I supported this bill because I was not convinced the so-called Arab Spring would produce the optimistic results some of my colleagues were predicting. In fact, I feared the opposite would occur: U.S. support for the Arab Spring would create a power vacuum in some of the most tumultuous parts of the world, to be filled by the likes of al Qaeda, Hezbollah and the Muslim Brotherhood.
The president's support for the Arab Spring was built on the faulty premise that the rebels in Egypt and Libya were fueled by Western democratic ideals. Only three months earlier, Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton revealed the administration's naivete when she appeared at a news conference in London and insisted that Libyan rebels were not members of Islamic terrorist organizations. She categorically denied the rebels' relationship with al Qaeda despite affirmative reports by media outlets and statements from the rebels themselves. At around the same time, Mr. Obama authorized covert “support” for these rebels.
The administration's delusion about the Arab Spring explains its reaction to the events that took place in Benghazi and the violent slaying of Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens.
At the time of the Benghazi attack, there was little doubt amongst U.S. intelligence officials as to the perpetrators. Al Qaeda was a known presence in the Benghazi region. The perpetrators who immediately took credit for the attack were an al Qaeda affiliate. Even the Libyan government immediately recognized the attack as an act of terrorism.
In contrast, our president, the secretary of state and the State Department insisted that the event leading to Stevens' death was a protest about a little-known video. When the CIA sent talking points citing an al Qaeda affiliate, Ansar al-Sharia, and referencing previous CIA warnings about terrorist threats in the region, the State Department quickly scrubbed these references. In fact, the State Department revised the talking points 12 times to eliminate all references to terrorism.
Why? To put it simply, to cover its behind.
To admit that Stevens was killed by al Qaeda would have necessitated a larger admission about the administration's foreign-policy mistakes.
While Mr. Obama and some Republicans heralded the Arab Spring as a democratic revolt, it is becoming increasingly clear that this movement was a Trojan horse used by radical Islamic groups to overthrow regimes that stood in the way of their regional domination.
Bashar Assad is a Baathist. He has used radical Islam to control his people, but is not a true believer. The same was true of Libya's Moammar Gadhafi. Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was an oppressive thug as well, but he was our thug and not a jihadist. He kept the peace with Israel and kept the Suez Canal open for a price. All three stood in the way of a much wider expansion and domination by radical Islam. They all stood in the way of the Muslim Brotherhood's plan for political domination.
We are already witnessing the terrifying consequences of the administration's naive foreign policy. Gadhafi's arsenal has not been secured and is likely in the hands of radicals, including Hamas, which has been using Libyan rockets to rain terror on Israeli villages. Syria's chemical weapons are likely to fall into the hands of the same crowd once Mr. Assad is overthrown. The Sinai Desert — an area once policed by Mr. Mubarak's strong hand — is now being infiltrated by Islamic terrorist groups with access to Israel's border. The policies of this administration have strengthened our enemies and made the United States and its allies less secure.
Unfortunately, this delusion infects both parties. Many Republicans were just as enthusiastic in supporting the Arab Spring and many continue to root for the rebels in Syria just as they did in Egypt and Libya. As a result, the debate over the Benghazi attack and its subsequent cover-up has devolved into a political game instead of a serious examination of the administration's foreign policy in the Middle East.
We would all like to see peaceful democratic movements take hold in the Middle East, but this is not among the choices presented to us. In dangerous parts of the world, we often have to choose between bad leaders and worse leaders. This time, the administration chose wrong.
Jeff Landry, a former Republican U.S. representative from Louisiana, is president of Restore our Republic.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Ken Bone, one of the biggest names to come out of the second presidential debates, joins NBC 5 live via phone to talk about his experience at the debates and his subsequent viral fame. (Published Monday, Oct. 10, 2016)
In a debate filled with accusations and insults, America found hope in one man: Ken Bone.
With the help of a red "Christmas" sweater, black-framed glasses and a disposable camera, Ken was propelled to social media fame during the second presidential debate Sunday night.
"It was a surreal experience," he told NBC DFW Monday morning by phone.
Bone was one of eight audience members who posed questions to Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton at the town hall debate. His question focused on energy policy, an issue close to his community.
"I work in coal fired electricity and it's a big concern where I live in southern Illinois, the St. Louis metro area," he said. "We have a lot of coal workers in power and coal mining and the perception is we're putting money ahead of the environment, and that's not true."
When it was his turn to speak in front of the candidates, America noticed.
A parody account soon surfaced alongside a Facebook fan group, which quickly earned thousands of likes.
"I take it all in stride," Bone told NBC DFW of the attention. "I'm just glad so many people are paying attention to the political process, even if their favorite part of the political process is a ridiculous Christmas sweater."
Bone added that he planned to reserve his decision on who to vote for until after the final debate on Oct. 19 "because anything will happen."
"Secretary Clinton I thought had a very impressive performance," he said. "I was leaning more towards Trump before but the whole experience has left me I think with more of an open mind."
So, what's next for Bone? A photo shoot with that red power sweater, apparently.
"I am sure that I will have it back on at some point today," he said. "Even if its just for my grandmother to take my picture."
Snap away, sir.
As South Sudan Fights, Refugees Flow Into Uganda
Enlarge this image toggle caption Durrie Bouscaren/St. Louis Public Radio Durrie Bouscaren/St. Louis Public Radio
One way to measure the growing turmoil in South Sudan is by the rapidly expanding refugee influx in neighboring Uganda.
A crowd of refugees presses into a food distribution area at Pagirinya Refugee Settlement, one of the newest camps built to accommodate the latest arrivals in northern Uganda, just across the border from South Sudan.
Jonathan Taban, a father of six, explained that he's trying to see when he will receive food rations. He's been skipped twice now for a monthly allotment of grains, and he can't figure out why.
"I received food (in) July, emergency food for only 10 days. That is the last food I received, up to now," Taban said in late September. "Most of these people that are crowding there, they also missed food. They are trying to check their names."
A new round of clashes erupted this summer between government troops loyal to President Salva Kiir and fighters aligned with the former vice president, Riek Machar. Machar and his fighters had recently come back from exile as part of a peace process intended to end a conflict that began in 2013, just two years after South Sudan received independence.
The on-and-off fighting over the past three years has driven more than a million South Sudanese into other countries, according to the United Nations refugee agency.
On average, about 2,500 refugees — mostly women and children — are crossing from South Sudan into Uganda every day. Many are living in settlement camps, where resources are tight and some families are receiving only half of their normal food rations.
Taban is from South Sudan's capital, Juba. He said his neighbors were attacked by militants in July. His family fled the city on foot, eventually reaching buses that took them across the border to register as refugees in Uganda.
To make some money, the former cashier has been clearing land for other families. He opens his hands, cut and callused from digging in fields.
"These marks; I've been suffering, doing manual labor so I can feed my children," he said. His youngest, a 2-year-old boy, is getting sick. "He is tired, very tired. Malnourished."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Durrie Bouscaren/St. Louis Public Radio Durrie Bouscaren/St. Louis Public Radio
In Pagirinya, small shelters are wrapped in a white, waterproof material emblazoned with the blue logo of the U.N. refugee agency. Families tend gardens of cassava, sweet potatoes and peas. One street serves as a marketplace, where refugees and Ugandans who live nearby sell extra grain, roasted corn, and cards to add minutes on a cell phone.
Through Uganda's "self-sufficiency" approach to refugees, each South Sudanese family is given a plot of land to grow its own food. In practice, refugees say there isn't enough land to go around, which forces them to rely on food aid from the U.N.
U.N. officials said there are a couple of reasons a family might miss out on rations. Sometimes people go to the wrong place to pick up their food. Others don't know they have to register. A complaint desk tries to accommodate the cases that fall through the cracks.
At least 200,000 South Sudanese refugees have come into Uganda since fighting intensified in July. In August, the World Food Programme cut rations in half for families who have been in the country since July 2015 and are not considered especially vulnerable. Counted another way, it means the food that's provided for each household member has gone from about 2,100 calories a day to just over 1,000.
Ration cuts in camps near war zones aren't unusual. Syrian refugees saw the value of their food vouchers cut in half last year. Refugees in Kenya are experiencing cuts to their monthly rations as well.
"Each one of the countries in the [East Africa] region has far more refugees than it did five years ago, three years ago or in the case of Uganda even six months ago," said Challiss McDonough, WFP's regional spokesperson in Nairobi. "It's a staggering rate of new arrivals."
In South Sudan, war has forced farmers out of their fields and interrupted supply lines. At least 4.8 million South Sudanese are experiencing food shortages, according to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the UN.
At a clinic back in Pagirinya, medical officer Ahmad Rasul of Medical Teams International said malaria and malnutrition are two of his biggest concerns, because the people arriving have already been hungry for a long time.
"I think it started from there, and when they arrived here also, there were delays. The amount, the quality and the quantity of food that's given to them, it's limited," Rasul said.
Funding for this story was provided by the International Women's Media Foundation.
With just half a dozen 12” releases since their inception back in 2007, Ancient Methods (the label and act) have already placed a significant stamp on the picture of techno today. Using his long running experience as a resident DJ at Tresor Club Berlin, Ancient Methods began to produce in 2005, forging a sound that some have described as ‘pitch black techno war funk'. While not an anonymous project, like some may believe, Ancient Methods feel comfortable to be viewed just through their music, rather than through any additional data or manifesto that is often expected in today's information hungry world.
I first discovered Ancient Methods music via live shows by Regis & Surgeon. Ancient Methods have worked closely with one of my favourite music blogs, known for it's love of techno.
– MNML SSGS
Boomkat's description of ancient methods' music perfectly sums up what you can expect from their ELECTRONIC EXPLORATIONS mix:
‘pitch black techno war funk'
Just a warning. this mix is pretty fucking brutal. so be prepared, you have been warned… for me and I'm assuming the guys over at MNML SSGS, this is techno at its very best – raw and powerful, without sacrificing quality or care (in the words of MNML SSGS themselves).
A family from Co. Cork have revealed that they were down to their last €30 before scooping almost €460k in last Friday's Euromillions draw.
A family from Co. Cork have revealed that they were down to their last €30 before scooping almost €460k in last Friday's Euromillions draw.
'We were down to our last €30' - family who scooped €460k on EuroMillions
They won the prize in last Friday's EuroMillions when they matched five numbers and one Lucky Star and won a prize of €458,316.
However, their celebrations could have been wilder as they were just one Lucky Star away from scooping the €80m jackpot
The lucky winners, who play EuroMillions every week, bought their winning €9 Quick Pick ticket in Al's Restaurant, Market Green in Midleton, Co. Cork on the day of the draw.
“I was down to my last €30 on Thursday night and was terribly worried about how we were going to get through the next couple of weeks," revealed the husband of the family, who wished to remain anonymous. "This really couldn't have come at a better time. It's life changing.”
“I have always been quite lucky and have won a number of small amounts on the EuroMillions in recent weeks," said "I even won about €1,200 on the Lotto 12 years ago and I always said I would win big again.
“It's still a huge shock to the system - I haven't slept properly since I found out we'd won on Saturday night. I checked my numbers online and just couldn't believe my eyes – my numbers were the same as the ones on my screen!
"I rang my mam and asked her and my dad to check the numbers for me again. Of course they thought I was joking at first and then total hysteria broke out,” he laughed.
The family are looking forward to a big celebration, followed by a big family holiday to Spain for plenty of sun, sea and golf.
Speaking about how their win will improve their lives, the wife surmised, “This will allow us to buy the family home we've been longing for and be mortgage free. It will set us up for life- our dreams have come true.”
Online Editors
Police recommend battery and trespass charges be brought against Rep. Keith Perry
State Rep. for Florida Keith Perry has been embroiled in a battery investigation after video emerged of him hitting a man in a row over a campaign sign.
The Gainesville Police Department released the video this week showing the argument between the Republican politician and the Gainesville resident around 6.30pm Saturday.
The man, Norman Robert Leppla, 46, told police that Perry hit him in the throat after he removed a large political sign from his gate.
Leppla said that the argument started after Perry came to his doorstep and asked him to re-erect the 'Keith Perry for State Senate' sign that was on his porch.
Leppla says he took the sign down because people started vandalizing his house because of it. When Perry came to his door, he agreed to put it back out, but then removed it again, saying that Perry had been rude to him.
In the video from Saturday and released this week Perry is seen going to the man's porch and requesting the sign be put back at the gate, and the two carry it out
However the resident, Norman Leppla, told police that Perry was rude to him, so he decided to again put the sign back on his porch, and the two are seen arguing
Leppla is seen approaching Perry during the row and chest pumping him (right)
The video - which is 33 minutes long in total - shows the two putting the sign back out, and then Leppla bringing it back, the Gainesville Sun reported.
Leppla is seeing chest pumping Perry as the two argue about the sign, but the video does not have any audio.
Perry then slaps the man in the neck, and he stumbled backwards.
Leppla is seen laughing, however, and points to the security camera he has installed on his porch.
Gainesville Police are now recommending that Perry be charged with simple battery and trespassing, according to documents released Wednesday.
Hit: The video shows Perry slapping the man on the neck, throwing Leppla back
Leppla stumbles for a second after the hit. Police now want to charge Perry for the incident
GPD spokesman Officer Ben Tobias told the Independent Florida Alligator: 'In an effort to be as transparent as possible in an incident involving a politician, we have chosen to release additional records.'
Perry's campaign office have declined to comment on the video or the GPD's recommendation.
Perry, a Republican first elected to the Florida House in 2010, is running for the newly drawn Florida Senate District 8 seat against Democrat and former state Sen. Rod Smith.
Perry represents Florida District 21, which includes Dixie, Gilchrist and Alachua counties.
The detention at Heathrow on Sunday of the Brazilian David Miranda is the sort of treatment western politicians love to deplore in Putin's Russia or Ahmadinejad's Iran. His "offence" under the 2000 Terrorism Act was apparently to be the partner of a journalist, Glenn Greenwald, who had reported for the Guardian on material released by the American whistleblower, Edward Snowden. We must assume the Americans asked the British government to nab him, shake him down and take his personal effects.
Miranda's phone and laptop were confiscated and he was held incommunicado, without access to friends or lawyer, for the maximum nine hours allowed under law. It is the airport equivalent of smashing into someone's flat, rifling through their drawers and stealing papers and documents. It is simple harassment and intimidation.
Greenwald himself is not known to have committed any offence, unless journalism is now a "terrorist" occupation in the eyes of British and American politicians. As for Miranda, his only offence seems to have been to be part of his family. Harassing the family of those who have upset authority is the most obscene form of state terrorism.
Last month, the British foreign secretary, William Hague, airily excused the apparently illegal hoovering of internet traffic by British and American spies on the grounds that "the innocent have nothing to fear," the motto of police states down the ages. Hague's apologists explained that he was a nice chap really, but that relations with America trumped every libertarian card.
The hysteria of the "war on terror" is now corrupting every area of democratic government. It extends from the arbitrary selection of drone targets to the quasi-torture of suspects, the intrusion on personal data and the harassing of journalists' families. The disregard of statutory oversight – in Britain's case pathetically inadequate – is giving western governments many of the characteristics of the enemies they profess to oppose. How Putin must be rubbing his hands with glee.
The innocent have nothing to fear? They do if they embarrass America and happen to visit British soil. The only land of the free today in this matter is Brazil.
This recipe is, I believe, in my grandmother's handwriting. It has a note in the upper right corner reading “Dr. Matthews”. Dr. Thomas Matthews was my grandmother's friend and organ performance mentor. I had no idea that they ever traded recipes! He passed away in 1999. I remember attending the funeral with my mother and grandmother. The church surroundings were beautiful, but the music was truly uplifting. For the curious, here is a link to more information about Dr. Matthews' life and work.
I had never cooked or eaten this recipe before preparing it for this blog post, so I had no idea what to expect. My only previous experience with Salisbury steak was as a mass-produced meal served from a buffet line, and my memories of it were less than pleasant. This recipe, however, has turned me into a convert. It is juicy, flavorful, and absolutely addictive. Thank you, Dr. Matthews, for broadening my horizons.
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds ground beef
1/2 cup cream
1/4 cup chopped raw onion
2 teaspoons dried parsley flakes
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/8 teaspoon black pepper
1/8 teaspoon dried oregano
1/8 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 cup red wine (the original recipe suggests Burgundy; I used Merlot)
Directions:
In a medium bowl, combine the ground beef, cream, onion, parsley, salt, pepper, oregano, and basil.
This is what the mixture will look like when combined. The texture will be soft, but moldable.
Form the mixture into 4 oblong patties, about 3/4 inch thick.
Fry the patties in a skillet over medium-high heat for 3 minutes, then turn over and cook for another 3 minutes.
Remove the patties from the skillet.
Pour the wine into the skillet, and stir while scraping any remaining seasoning from the bottom of the pan.
Allow this sauce to simmer for a few minutes, then remove from heat and pour over the cooked patties.
Serves 4.
Click here for a print-friendly version.
Advertisements
Human letters meaning “65” are created by participants on the Kim Il Sung Square as North Korea marked the 65th anniversary of the communist nation's ruling Workers' Party with a massive military parade in Pyongyang, North Korea on Sunday, Oct. 10, 2010. This year's celebration comes less than two weeks after Kim Jong Il's re-election to the party's top post and the news that his 20-something son would succeed his father and grandfather as leader. (AP Photo/Kyodo News) ** JAPAN OUT, MANDATORY CREDIT, FOR COMMERCIAL USE ONLY IN NORTH AMERICA **
Hoy se cumplen 65 años de la creación del partido de los trabajadores de la República Popular Democrática de Corea del Norte. Por ello se ha celebrado el típico desfile norcoreano en Pyongyang, con misiles y mosaico humano incluidos. Pero en esta ocasión ha sido diferente por dos razones:
En primer lugar, se prepara la sucesión en el gobierno norcoreano y la presencia del hijo del actual presidente Kim Jong-il apunta a que este será nombrado como sucesor. Corea del Norte, potencia nuclear, es el único régimen comunista hereditario del mundo. Este cambio parece indicar una posible transición del país como también muestra la segunda diferencia con otros desfiles pasados.
En esta ocasión la parada militar ha sido retransmitida de manera íntegra y en directo y se ha invitado a medios de comunicación internacionales para cubrir el evento. Según tengo entendido cada periodista ha tenido que pagar 3.000 dólares para poder realizar el viaje. La llegada de fotógrafos de Reuters y Ap a Pyongyang ha hecho posible que nos lleguen gran cantidad de imágenes del desfile tomadas desde ángulos nuevos y con una mirada fotográfica no propagandística. Imágenes frescas alejadas de las que suele pasar la agencia de noticias norcoreana. Hemos descubierto el sudor de los soldados mientras marcan el paso, los zapatos agarrados a los tobillos para que no salgan volando, a los miembros del partido hablando y riendo, a la gente que hay bajo ese impersonal mural de la plaza…
Impresionantes imágenes de ese gran temido y desconocido país. Ahora sólo falta que dejen a los fotógrafos y periodistas mostrar la auténtica Corea del Norte y no solo sus desfiles.
North Korea leader Kim Jong Il's son Kim Jong-un attend a massive military parade marking the 65th anniversary of the communist nation's ruling Workers' Party in Pyongyang, North Korea on Sunday, Oct. 10, 2010. This year's celebration comes less than two weeks after Kim Jong Il's re-election to the party's top post and the news that his 20-something son would succeed his father and grandfather as leader. (AP Photo/Vincent Yu)
Participants in vehicles drive past in a parade to commemorate the 65th anniversary of the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea in Pyongyang October 10, 2010, in this picture released by North Korea's KCNA news agency on Sunday. REUTERS/KCNA (NORTH KOREA – Tags: POLITICS MILITARY ANNIVERSARY) NO THIRD PARTY SALES. NOT FOR USE BY REUTERS THIRD PARTY DISTRIBUTORS. THIS IMAGE HAS BEEN SUPPLIED BY A THIRD PARTY. IT IS DISTRIBUTED, EXACTLY AS RECEIVED BY REUTERS, AS A SERVICE TO CLIENTS
North Korean soldiers salute from atop tanks during a military parade to commemorate the 65th anniversary of the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea in Pyongyang October 10, 2010. Secretive North Korea's leader-in-waiting, the youngest son of ailing ruler Kim Jong-il, took centre stage during a massive military parade on Sunday, appearing live for the first time in public. REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic (NORTH KOREA – Tags: POLITICS MILITARY ANNIVERSARY)
People gesture during a parade to commemorate the 65th anniversary of the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea in Pyongyang October 10, 2010. REUTERS/Kyodo (NORTH KOREA – Tags: POLITICS ANNIVERSARY) JAPAN OUT. NO COMMERCIAL OR EDITORIAL SALES IN JAPAN. FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NOT FOR SALE FOR MARKETING OR ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS. THIS IMAGE HAS BEEN SUPPLIED BY A THIRD PARTY. IT IS DISTRIBUTED, EXACTLY AS RECEIVED BY REUTERS, AS A SERVICE TO CLIENTS
A North Korean soldier stands guard at a security checkpoint before a parade to commemorate the 65th anniversary of the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea in Pyongyang October 10, 2010. REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic (NORTH KOREA – Tags: MILITARY ANNIVERSARY)
A North Korean soldier films military vehicles carrying missiles during a parade to commemorate the 65th anniversary of founding of the Workers' Party of Korea in Pyongyang October 10, 2010. REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic (NORTH KOREA – Tags: MILITARY POLITICS ANNIVERSARY)
Participants chant in support of their leader Kim Jong-il during a military parade to commemorate the 65th anniversary of the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea in Pyongyang October 10, 2010. Secretive North Korea's leader-in-waiting, the youngest son of ailing ruler Kim Jong-il, took centre stage during a massive military parade on Sunday, appearing live for the first time in public. REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic (NORTH KOREA – Tags: POLITICS)
North Koreans take part in a parade to commemorate the 65th anniversary of the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea in Pyongyang October 10, 2010, in this picture released by North Korea's KCNA news agency on Sunday. REUTERS/KCNA (NORTH KOREA – Tags: POLITICS MILITARY ANNIVERSARY) NO THIRD PARTY SALES. NOT FOR USE BY REUTERS THIRD PARTY DISTRIBUTORS. THIS IMAGE HAS BEEN SUPPLIED BY A THIRD PARTY. IT IS DISTRIBUTED, EXACTLY AS RECEIVED BY REUTERS, AS A SERVICE TO CLIENTS
North Korea leader Kim Jong Il, third right, stands near a huge picture of the late leader Kim Il Sung as he and his son, Kim Jong-un, fourth right, attend a massive military parade marking the 65th anniversary of the communist nation's ruling Workers' Party in Pyongyang, North Korea on Sunday, Oct. 10, 2010. This year's celebration comes less than two weeks after Kim Jong Il's re-election to the party's top post and the news that his 20-something son would succeed his father and grandfather as leader. (AP Photo/Kyodo News) ** JAPAN OUT, MANDATORY CREDIT, FOR COMMERCIAL USE ONLY IN NORTH AMERICA **
North Korean soldiers participate in a parade to commemorate the 65th anniversary of the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea in Pyongyang October 10, 2010. REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic (NORTH KOREA – Tags: POLITICS MILITARY)
In this photo released by Korean Central News Agency via Korea News Service, North Korean military personnel march during a massive military parade marking the 65th anniversary of the communist nation's ruling Workers' Party in Pyongyang, North Korea on Sunday, Oct. 10, 2010. (AP Photo/Korean Central News Agency via Korea News Service) ** JAPAN OUT **
A North Korean soldier waits for the start of a parade to commemorate the 65th anniversary of the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea in Pyongyang October 10, 2010. REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic (NORTH KOREA – Tags: POLITICS ANNIVERSARY MILITARY)
North Korean female soldiers smile before a parade to commemorate the 65th anniversary of the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea in Pyongyang October 10, 2010. REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic (NORTH KOREA – Tags: POLITICS MILITARY ANNIVERSARY)
North Koreans participate in a parade to commemorate the 65th anniversary of the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea in Pyongyang October 10, 2010. REUTERS/Kyodo (NORTH KOREA – Tags: POLITICS MILITARY ANNIVERSARY) JAPAN OUT. NO COMMERCIAL OR EDITORIAL SALES IN JAPAN. FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NOT FOR SALE FOR MARKETING OR ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS. THIS IMAGE HAS BEEN SUPPLIED BY A THIRD PARTY. IT IS DISTRIBUTED, EXACTLY AS RECEIVED BY REUTERS, AS A SERVICE TO CLIENTS
North Korean soldiers march during a massive military parade marking the 65th anniversary of the communist nation's ruling Workers' Party in Pyongyang, North Korea on Sunday, Oct. 10, 2010. This year's celebration comes less than two weeks after Kim Jong Il's re-election to the party's top post and the news that his 20-something son would succeed his father and grandfather as leader. (AP Photo/Vincent Yu)
North Korean leader Kim Jong-il (R) looks at his youngest son Kim Jong-un as they watch a parade to commemorate the 65th anniversary of founding of the Workers' Party of Korea in Pyongyang October 10, 2010. Secretive North Korea's leader-in-waiting, the youngest son of ailing ruler Kim Jong-il, took centre stage during a massive military parade on Sunday, appearing live for the first time in public. REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic (NORTH KOREA – Tags: POLITICS ANNIVERSARY IMAGES OF THE DAY)
Female North Korean soldiers march during a military parade to commemorate the 65th anniversary of founding of the Workers' Party of Korea in Pyongyang October 10, 2010. Secretive North Korea's leader-in-waiting, the youngest son of ailing ruler Kim Jong-il, took centre stage during a massive military parade on Sunday, appearing live for the first time in public. REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic (NORTH KOREA – Tags: POLITICS MILITARY ANNIVERSARY IMAGES OF THE DAY)
HANDOUT RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE AND EDITORIAL SALES – MANDATORY CREDIT AFP PHOTO / KCNA VIA KNS Picture taken and released by North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency on October 10, 2010 shows a military parade of the units of the three services of the Korean People's Army, the Korean People's Internal Security Forces, the Worker-Peasant Red Guards and the Young Red Guards was held with at Kim Il Sung Square in Pyongyang to celebrate the 65th anniversary of the foundation of the Workers' Party of Korea. North Korean leader Kim Jong Il and his son Kim Jong-un review the parade. HANDOUT RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE AND EDITORIAL SALES – MANDATORY CREDIT “AFP PHOTO / KCNA VIA KNS”
North Korean soldiers applaud to their leader Kim Jong Il after a massive military parade marking the 65th anniversary of the communist nation's ruling Workers' Party in Pyongyang, North Korea on Sunday, Oct. 10, 2010. This year's celebration comes less than two weeks after Kim Jong Il's re-election to the party's top post and the news that his 20-something son would succeed his father and grandfather as leader. (AP Photo/Vincent Yu)
A Western TV journalist speaks near a transporter carrying a missile during a massive military parade marking the 65th anniversary of the communist nation's ruling Workers' Party in Pyongyang, North Korea on Sunday, Oct. 10, 2010. This year's celebration comes less than two weeks after Kim Jong Il's re-election to the party's top post and the news that his 20-something son would succeed his father and grandfather as leader. (AP Photo/Kyodo News) ** JAPAN OUT, MANDATORY CREDIT, FOR COMMERCIAL USE ONLY IN NORTH AMERICA **
North Korean soldiers march during a massive military parade marking the 65th anniversary of the communist nation's ruling Workers' Party in Pyongyang, North Korea on Sunday, Oct. 10, 2010. This year's celebration comes less than two weeks after Kim Jong Il's re-election to the party's top post and the news that his 20-something son would succeed his father and grandfather as leader. (AP Photo/Vincent Yu)
North Korean soldiers react during a massive military parade marking the 65th anniversary of the communist nation's ruling Workers' Party in Pyongyang, North Korea on Sunday, Oct. 10, 2010. (AP Photo/Vincent Yu)
A view of a parade to commemorate the 65th anniversary of the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea in Pyongyang October 10, 2010, in this picture released by North Korea's KCNA news agency on Sunday. REUTERS/KCNA (NORTH KOREA – Tags: POLITICS MILITARY ANNIVERSARY) NO THIRD PARTY SALES. NOT FOR USE BY REUTERS THIRD PARTY DISTRIBUTORS. THIS IMAGE HAS BEEN SUPPLIED BY A THIRD PARTY. IT IS DISTRIBUTED, EXACTLY AS RECEIVED BY REUTERS, AS A SERVICE TO CLIENTS
North Korean women soldiers march a massive military parade marking the 65th anniversary of the communist nation's ruling Workers' Party in Pyongyang, North Korea on Sunday, Oct. 10, 2010. This year's celebration comes less than two weeks after Kim Jong Il's re-election to the party's top post and the news that his 20-something son would succeed his father and grandfather as leader. (AP Photo/Vincent Yu)
North Korean soldiers march during a massive military parade marking the 65th anniversary of the communist nation's ruling Workers' Party in Pyongyang, North Korea on Sunday, Oct. 10, 2010. This year's celebration comes less than two weeks after Kim Jong Il's re-election to the party's top post and the news that his 20-something son would succeed his father and grandfather as leader. (AP Photo/Vincent Yu)
Wikipedia has a fairly long article, under the title Car Allowance Rebate System . Below the fold are a few comments:
The "Cash for Clunkers" program led a short life--only a week--before its $1 billion in funding was exhausted. What is your view of the program? Should it be extended? What should happen now? Is the apparently short life of this program indicative of what we can expect from other stimulus attempts?
White House reviewing 'cash for clunkers' program
The White House said Thursday it was reviewing what has turned out to be a wildly popular "cash for clunkers" program amid concerns the $1 billion budget for rebates for new auto purchases may have been exhausted in only a week. Transportation Department officials called lawmakers' offices earlier Thursday to alert them of plans to suspend the program as early as Friday. But a White House official said later the program had not been suspended and officials there were assessing their options. "We are working tonight to assess the situation facing what is obviously an incredibly popular program," White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said of the Car Allowance Rebate System. "Auto dealers and consumers should have confidence that all valid CARS transactions that have taken place to date will be honored."
E-mail from Oil Drum Staff Member (at time when it appeared program was being stopped as of Thursday midnight):
I have a friend who works at a car dealership, and he reports business has been absolutely insane because of Cash for Clunkers. Phones ringing off the hook, customers swarming the lot, etc. He's not looking forward to going to work tomorrow. People are going to be pretty ticked off to hear the program's over. Plus there will be a ton of work to do, wrapping everything up. He says they spent hundreds of thousands of dollars advertising Cash for Clunkers, and the ads are still running even though the program is over.
Cash for Clunkers Suspended? Funds Already Running Out
"Cash for Clunkers" was supposed to continue through November 1, 2009 or until the money ran out. But with the number of dealers participating, if each completed just a dozen cash for clunkers deals, the $1 billion dollars would be spent. And some dealers have initiated more like 250 cash for clunkers deals -- 20 times what the government was expecting. At Fitzgerald Toyota in Gaithersburg, Maryland, it's a different kind of car race as the sales staff rushes to process "Cash for Clunkers" transactio " ns before the government slams the brakes on the program.
US 'cash for clunkers' scheme gives out $1bn in less than a week
Britain's similar car scrappage initiative is on track to run out of money in just over two months. The scheme, which began in mid-May, is designed to run until the end of February 2010 or until the £300m put in by the government has been spent.
'Clunkers' Program Is Running Out of Cash
Under the program, dealers credit the amount of the voucher to customers who buy new cars. They then get reimbursed by the government. "There's a whole lot of money out there that dealers haven't collected on," said Darvish, who noted that she's taken in about 200 clunkers. "We've sold the cars and we've processed the paperwork, but we haven't been reimbursed. I'm out about $1 million. The government is supposed to reimburse me for that."
Auto recyclers leery of cash for clunkers
(Courtesy of Square Enix)
Nier: Automata
Developed by: Platinum Games
Published by: Square Enix
Available on: PC, PlayStation 4
Call me jaded, but some of the first things I noticed about “Nier: Automa,” the Japanese action RPG sequel to the cult favorite “Nier” (2010), were its shortcomings. Notwithstanding its lighting model, the game's general reliance on muted colors coupled with its many barren environments gives it the look of a last-generation title that has been up-resed for contemporary displays. (The PS4 version runs at 900p on the standard PS4 and 1080p on the PS4 Pro.) On the more technical side, I couldn't help but notice occasional frame drops, aliasing issues, and, most annoyingly, invisible walls that cut off places that otherwise look traversable. Now, if you had to choose between a game that was a polished known quantity — like one of those annualized, blockbuster series — or one that was a little ragged around the edges but simmering with unruly energy, what would you choose? I'd lean toward the latter, and, if you agree then please read on because “Nier: Automata's” is a wonderful game whose real beauty lies beyond its immediate details. In fact, the game dares to get better after you see the credits.
“Nier: Automata” follows the story of two sword-wielding, ship-flying androids: 2B and 9S. The androids work for the YoRHa corporation which is tasked by a human colony, exiled on the moon, with repelling the “machine life forms” that conquered Earth at the behest of their alien creators, or at least that's the cover story.
(Courtesy of Square Enix)
What's apparent from the game's opening hour is its encyclopedic — one might even say nostalgic — embrace of different conventions. It shifts from a vertical spaceship shooter, to a twin-stick mech shooter, to a 3D third-person brawler, to a 2D sidescroller, and an overhead combat game. Also noticeable in the first hour is how the designers like to toy with the player, e.g. it's possible to flub the intro near the end and be forced to play the whole thing over. Such needling is but a prelude to the more interesting mind games that “Nier: Automata” dishes out down the line. In an interesting twist, it keeps its most remarkable moments a secret until players have completed their first playthrough. (New gameplay systems and crucial narrative elements are reserved for later playthroughs.)
Although “Nier: Automata ” is an action game to its core, a line of philosophical reflection runs through it. Yoko Taro, the game's director (who also worked on “Drakengard 3” which led to the original “Nier”) is known for seeding his games with philosophical questions. Why do people kill each other and why do they make the same mistakes time and again are questions that arise at dramatic moments in the game. Philosophers, too, are name-checked. I don't know why a boss is named Hegel but I found it amusing to encounter, in a village of pacifists, a robot named Jean-Paul who's fond of spouting the existentialist credo that existence precedes essence (in other words, one's material conditions affect one first and foremost as opposed to, say, one's talents).
(Courtesy of Square Enix)
For 9S, the reconnaissance unit assigned to help the fighting unit 2B, the issue that vexes him the most is how machine life-forms like Jean-Paul — the historical enemies of androids – are capable of higher-order thinking. He is sometimes bemused and sometimes amazed that machines can do things like form familial attachments or engage in acts of vengeance. That an android should look down on a machine life form is of course, ironic. 9S's high-handedness draws attention to the relative values we apply in our assessment of others. His mistake is to view his perspective as the most natural, and his story is one of several the game uses to invite players to consider problems of consciousness.
What truly makes “Nier: Automata” a fascinating title is that its narrative delivery is as restless as the gameplay. As Yoko Taro said during a 2014 GDC talk, “The number of well-made games has increased but at the same time the number of games that make my heart beat and give the feeling that I have no idea what to expect, that excitement, has gone down.” An escalating feeling of uncertainty is precisely what kept me hooked. During one sublime moment, after the visuals on the screen began degrading before my eyes, I really felt as though I didn't know what the game might throw at me. At that moment, I wondered if it might be right to call “Nier; Automata” an experimental action game. In any case, I can't wait to see what Yoko Taro does next.
Christopher Byrd is a Brooklyn-based writer who has been playing video games since the days of the Atari 2600. His writing has appeared in the New York Times Book Review, the Barnes & Noble Review, Al Jazeera America, the Guardian and elsewhere. Follow him on Twitter @Chris_Byrd.
Recent game reviews:
‘The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild' review: Unusually, hauntingly engrossing
‘Night in the Woods' is great, and a lesson for all game creators in how to develop characters
‘Horizon Zero Dawn' review: Engaging, polished entertainment
‘Nioh' is game of complex fighting systems. Only the hardcore need to apply.
‘Resident Evil 7: biohazard' review: Mediocre, backwoods horror
SOUTH Melbourne will play Real Madrid this week. Well, two of the club's ­junior teams will, as part of a 10-day tour that also includes matches against Spanish giant Atletico Madrid.
How many other Australian clubs would be able to pull those sorts of strings?
It's now 12 years since the National Soccer League died, but clubs such as South Melbourne push on.
Expansion is the hottest of topics among A-League fans, but is it time for traditional clubs such as South Melbourne to be part of the debate? South insists it does not want to rely on history to win its way in.
It is at pains to present sound arguments about why it should be included based on economics, its facility at Lakeside Stadium as well as its junior and women's programs.
Participation numbers suggest soccer is by far Australia's No.1 sport at grassroots level, but only about 20 per cent of those registered participants — about 650,000 in 2013-14 — identify themselves as A-League fans.
South president Leo Athanasakis said his club could start to bridge that gap, insisting less than 1 per cent of the club's fan base supports Melbourne Victory or Melbourne City.
“Look at the AFL and the way they expanded in South Australia,” Athanasakis said.
“They didn't go with a ­second brand-new franchise, because all of that generic neutral support got washed in with the Adelaide Crows.
“They looked at whom the strongest traditional club was that is hated and loved at the same time and Port Adelaide was the obvious answer.
“You can't bring another new franchise in to Melbourne and expect to draw support from nowhere. It would eat in to Victory's support, City's support. But we're going to bring our own fans, and the pool is big enough to bring our own.”
South Melbourne Hellas against West Adelaide Hellas in 1968. Source: News Corp Australia
Without promotion and relegation — another debate entirely — “aspirational football is dead in this country”, ­according to South board member Bill Papastergidis.
But should South come in to the A-League, club football director Nick Maikousis said it would be a massive incentive for other second tier clubs to invest heavily in facilities and player development.
Would other former NSL powerhouses, such as huge rival Melbourne Knights, be annoyed at South Melbourne being admitted to the A-League? Most likely.
But, as Maikousis said, the door should also be open to those clubs in the future if and when they ticked all the right boxes for inclusion.
South Melbourne v Marconi at Bob Jane Stadium in 2001. Source: News Limited
South is said to be an ­appealing prospect from a television perspective, because of the interest it would generate with derbies against Victory and City.
Strong social media numbers — 13,200 Twitter followers and 47,000 Facebook likes — also indicate a significant level of support among a new generation of fans, not just the old guard.
But considering the way the NSL was disbanded, and the top tier was rid of clubs with “ethnic” ties, it's clear there are more than just economic hurdles South must clear.
Papastergidis bristles at the suggestion that South is an “ethnic” club, b ut director of women's football Gabrielle ­Giuliano acknowledged the club's Greek heritage would ­always have some off-side.
South Melbourne claimed the Victorian National Premier League title in 2015. Source: Facebook
“It is problem, there's no doubt about that, it's the perception” Giuliano said.
“But the angle should be that what may have been 10 years ago is no longer now. Whilst we are of Greek heritage, there are many people here that are not.
“Our doors are open to everyone.”
A lot of fans remain disenfranchised by the breakup of the NSL, while the FFA Cup has started repairing bridges burnt by the move from “old soccer to new football”.
True, soccer may not have been mature enough a decade ago to give teams such as South a seat at the table, but the football landscape in Australia now is entirely different.
Only last week FFA amalgamated the A-League and NSL honours to create a new national list of records.
So in the same spirit, isn't it time we had the conversation about opening the door to some of these clubs again?
A law passed this session to end discrimination against lesbian couples seeking advanced fertility treatments in Maryland may have "inadvertently" introduced discrimination against straight couples, according to Maryland Attorney General Brian Frosh.
The law, passed in Annapolis last month and awaiting Gov. Larry Hogan's signature, requires state-regulated insurers to provide lesbian couples coverage for in vitro fertilization treatments as they already do for straight couples under a 2000 mandate.
In a letter Frosh wrote to Gov. Larry Hogan on Tuesday, he warned the new law may violate the federal Affordable Care Act's restriction against differential treatment based on sexual orientation by allowing lesbian couples to use donor sperm for in vitro fertilization procedures, while leaving in place a requirement that straight couples use only the husband's sperm.
"While this change was necessary to alleviate the discrimination against women in same-sex couples, it created an inequality between these same-sex couples, who can now qualify for the benefit if they meet the other requirements, and opposite sex couples in which the husband is unable to produce sperm, who cannot qualify for the benefit," Frosh wrote in the letter, which was obtained by The Baltimore Sun. "In short, in fixing one source of differential treatment on the basis of sexual orientation, the bill inadvertently created another."
Frosh, in his letter to Hogan, said whether the bill violates the ACA would "be a matter of first impression, and it is not clear how a court would rule."
For that reason, Frosh wrote, "it may be desirable for the General Assembly to address this disparity in legislation next session."
Doug Mayer, a spokesman for Hogan, said the governor "is reviewing the legislation and will make a decision on it in the near future."
David Nitkin, a spokesman for Frosh, said the attorney general would not comment on the matter beyond the letter.
The letter was not the first time the criticism has been raised.
During the legislative process, Sen. Bryan W. Simonaire, an Anne Arundel County Republican, argued the bill treated same-sex and straight couples differently based on the sperm donor disparity.
"I made that very clear on the floor. There was no question about it when we took the vote, so I don't think this comes as a surprise. It was just the will of the body to move forward with that discrimination in it," he said.
Simonaire called Frosh's letter "vindication" of his concerns on Wednesday, and said the bill should be vetoed rather than revisited.
"Discrimination is discrimination," he said. "With what other bill do we say, 'We realize it's discrimination, but we're going to wait a year to fix it'?"
Sen. Cheryl Kagan, a Montgomery County Democrat and one of the bill's lead sponsors, said the bill's supporters are "certainly not looking to disadvantage anyone," and are already considering ways to address Frosh's concerns next session.
Kagan said couples affected by the disparity Frosh raised represent a very small number of people in Maryland, but deserve "fertility parity" in the state's laws just as much as lesbian couples. The bill as it exists is a step in the right direction and should be signed by Hogan, she said, but can be improved.
"Even if it's one couple, it's not fair for one couple," Kagan said. "If our goal is to provide equity, I feel an obligation to make sure that all infertile couples get the opportunity to get fertility coverage."
Advocacy organizations for the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community in Maryland claimed the passage of the bill as a major victory of the session.
Carrie Evans, executive director of Equality Maryland, the state's largest LGBT advocacy organization, said the group agrees with Frosh that the legislature should consider legislation to address the issue next session.
Correction: This article originally reported that urban households had seen their median incomes rise in 2015, while incomes in rural areas fell. But that appears to have reflected a statistical anomaly in the Current Population Survey. More reliable data released later in the week by the American Community Survey — another program of the Census Bureau — found that median household income in rural areas gained 3.4 percent, while urban and suburban households gained 3.6 percent. The text below has been corrected.
Earlier this week, the Census Bureau released data on income and poverty has good news for almost everyone. The data, the result of the Census Bureau's Current Population Survey, shows the first significant growth in average household incomes in almost a decade — 5.4 percent between 2014 and 2015 — with all races, age groups, and regions of the country enjoying gains.
But it appeared to show a big gap between the gains of urban and rural households. It reported that households outside of metropolitan areas (which I'll slightly imprecisely call rural) saw their incomes drop by 2 percent, while suburban households gained 4 percent and urban households gained 7.3 percent.
It seemed like a big deal, so I wrote an article about it.
Unfortunately for me — but fortunately for people in rural areas — it wasn't true.
What actually happened is that the Census Bureau changed how it defined rural households (technically, households outside of a metropolitan area) between 2014 and 2015. As a result, the 2014 statistics were measuring the incomes of different households than the 2015 statistics. Unsurprisingly, that resulted in a big apparent change. But this didn't reflect changes in anyone's income, it was just a statistical anomaly.
Later in the week, the Census Bureau also released statistics from a separate survey called the American Community Survey. This survey was larger and didn't make a big change in the way it defined urban and rural households, making it more reliable for this purpose. And it found there was hardly any difference between rural and non-rural households. Rural households saw their incomes gain by 3.4 percent, while non-rural households gained 3.6 percent.
This recovery isn't like other recent ones
I was inclined to believe the original Census numbers because they were consistent with a trend I've reported on before: The current recovery is seeing big cities reap the largest economic gains. That was a big change from the economic boom of the 1990s, which saw less populous areas gaining more.
In the past, smaller counties tended to grow faster than larger counties. This made a certain amount of sense — large counties like Los Angeles or Dallas were already expensive and crowded places to live, so it was easier for economic growth to happen in smaller towns or outlying suburbs.
But in the latest recovery, the pattern has reversed. The largest counties saw the fastest growth in jobs, with Los Angeles County, Miami-Dade County, and Kings County (Brooklyn) leading the way. Meanwhile, the least populous counties have been suffering the weakest recovery in decades.
But while major urban areas are seeing larger job gains, that's apparently not translating into big differences in household incomes.
You may or may not be aware of the blog posts I've done recently, covering the shenanigans of Emily Wicher, owner/operator of Project Undefined. If you're not aware, Part I is here and Part II is here.
This post is to address her accusations of cyberbullying. Cyberbullying is a terrible thing, and causes many people, especially adolescents and preadolescents, to harm themselves, make unwise decisions, and all too often, take their own lives. Which is why I never have, and never will do it.
Examples would be one or more people messaging someone to insult them, tell them they should kill themselves, etc.
As noted above, cyberbullying is bullying through online means of communication. Web sites and blog posts are online means of communication, but there is nothing on my entire blog that falls under the category of cyberbullying. I am using screenshots of public posts, or using screenshots that were posted publicly by someone else, to explain my opinions. Using publicly posted information is legal, and sharing opinions is also legal.
More importantly, I do not seek to harm anyone through my posts. I am not trying to cause anyone an ounce of pain or difficulty. If my sharing examples of factual problems, and giving my opinions on those problems causes someone distress, I'm not pleased about it, but it is not cyberbullying. My focus is not on the people who run these companies, or the companies themselves. My focus is solely on making sure consumers, especially indie consumers, can make safe, informed choices.
It is my opinion that Project Undefined's products have a high likelihood of being unsafe. The owner, Emily, has shared numerous things which make me believe this. That's all covered in Part II. It is also my opinion that she's incredibly unprofessional, somewhat racist, and has an overinflated ego. That's covered in both parts. I have every right to hold, and to share, these opinions.
The part where I clear up some misunderstandings and refute some lies Emily has told about various things.
Emily Witcher: “A blogger is going through my Facebook, and everything associated with me and spreading malicious lies and degrading me.”
I had done some research into your Facebook, prior to your blocking me. I haven't gone through everything associated with you because I don't have the time, and really don't care enough, to read old Gaia online posts and the like. The research was to see what I could find out about Project Undefined, as I was trying to figure out if, and how, dangerous your products were. At this point, there are a number of people watching you, both for the entertainment factor and because many of them also feel your cosmetics are unsafe. I'm simply the one compiling it all into one place.
I am not spreading malicious lies, not am I degrading you. I've offered my opinion, as well as screenshots. I have made a few jokes at your expense, which is legal. If it were not, parodies wouldn't exist. As far as degrading you, you're doing a great job of that on your own.
“As well as calling me underage and doing porn.”
I didn't call you underage, I said I had found something that said you were underage and had not been able to find out if that were true or not. I posted the screenshot that information had come from. It also mentioned you posing nude, which is technically ‘doing porn,' as it would count as softcore porn. If you're trying to deny that there are softcore photos of you online, well, Google begs to differ. Even if you delete them, Google Cache and The Wayback Machine machine will still exist. I have not linked to them for several reasons. I'm uncomfortable posting anyone's nudes, nevermind nudes which might be child pornography, and you're having nudes about doesn't affect your business. The possibility of you being underage does.
You are more than welcome to send me proof of your age, or post it somewhere. As I said in my reply to your ultimatum I'd be more than happy to correct that part of the blog if presented with proof.
“They also screenshot where I talked to you on your status. They are following every update on my account and I have her blocked.”
Your account is still public, I can view it when I log out. And again, there are other people watching you. Animal abuse and racism are not looked upon too kindly in indie circles, and neither is potentially damaging someone's health in the name of a quick buck.
Julia Taghen: “That's slander and harassment, as well as cyberbullying.. GET ‘EM.”
(definitions courtesy of Google)
First of all, slander is spoken. I think you meant ‘libel.'
I have not made any false statements. A false statement, in this case, would be “Emily pees in her lip glosses” or “Emily does meth every day.” I have not said anything of the sort. I've said it is my opinion that her products are not safe. Opinions are not libel or slander.
I know what harassment is. I was harassed daily, by multiple people, who had tried to scam me, failed, and were trying to save their scam. I am not trying to pressure or intimidate Emily into doing anything. Several weeks ago, I offered my advice, I did not demand she take it, and she chooses not to. I am not offering a laundry list of changes she must make, or else. I'm trying to put information out there so potential buyers can make informed decisions.
When a fan calls Emily out on throwing food into a dirty litter-box, she insists it was a joke. I saw the post, it was up for about a day, at no point did she add “Just kidding!” It was not a joke. It was Emily using Facebook as a diary, and it's important to her business because it shows her attitude towards sanitation, cleanliness and hygiene.
Eilidh Barratt: “Why would you joke about something like that though? I agree though, posting your work table is bullshit, of course it's going to be messy, no creative space is ever clean.”
She wasn't joking. And creative spaces need to be clean when you're producing a product that other people will be putting on their eyes and lips. She's making cosmetics for people to use, not painting pictures. There's a difference.
I'm not sure what's missing between this post and the previous one, as I did not take these screenshots. All we have in this screenshot is someone saying the lipsticks are “Heather Homycides” and not Emily's. They're in Emily's shop, they're Emily's.
I don't doubt that those are her lips, any more than I doubt that the yellow ‘lipstick' is shopped on.
Again, I did not say they were not Heather's lips. And Emily is either outright lying, or lying by omission. Someone photoshopped those lips.
Jaxx Kannibal: “Why the fuck would she screenshot what I wrote? That pisses me off right there.”
I may not have taken the screenshot. Perhaps you said something that added to the conversation. I cannot answer that without knowing what screenshot you're talking about.
As far as this screenshot, although I didn't take it, I'm leaving it in to show the absolute ignorance of some of Emily's fans and friends. You make a public post, I or anyone else can screenshot it.
Jaxx Kannibal (cont): “She has no right to take all of this and bash you. No makeup artists are the same or work the same. And as for the colors, did she ever think that maybe you wanted them that way? Oh shucks! Somebody wanted something DIFFERENT for once. People these days.”
I'm not bashing Emily. This is not about Emily. This is about making sure people can make informed decisions. I'm sharing my opinions in my natural tone, which is a bit snarky.
It did occur to me that she was leaving unblended chunks in the colors on purpose, but that is not a good idea, and I was trying to give her the benefit of the doubt. That is not an eye shadow that will work. Applying it will leave large, surprise smears of color, and the unblended color will not have the base (assuming there is one) that the rest of the shadow has. Shadows with unblended chunks of color do not exist for a reason, and Emily's ignorance of that reason shows her rushed, ham-fisted, “every idea I have is gold” approach to making cosmetics. And for her to act like all those unblended chunks are on purpose is silly, considering she posted this:
People these days, indeed.
Emily Witcher: Actually, since all of your names were left on there, she's posting slander against all of you. That's multiple charges.
Again, you mean ‘libel,' and posting screenshots of public posts is neither illegal nor libel. That's zero charges.
Emily Witcher: Facebook's privacy policy. I'm about to go read it.
Nor is it in violation of Facebook's privacy policy. Publicly posted, fair game.
Jaxx Kannibal: The only thing that bothers me is that I'm not even supposed to be on Facebook, so I don't exactly want my name and what I say all over whatever the shit she's got there. That's not okayyy, and I don't feel like it being seen and someone getting me involved in anything.
Why on earth is this person not ‘supposed' to be on Facebook? Breaking FB TOS with a prior account? Parental concerns? Regardless, if she had contacted me and asked me to remove her from screenshots because of X, I would most likely do so. I'm still likely to do so if she contacts me now. Even though, if she's not supposed to be on Facebook, she really shouldn't be commenting on public pages.
Emily Witcher: It is. That blog gets roughly 200+ hits a month.
Emily Witcher: Hell, it's the second page of Google for my store now.
Good. People should know what they're buying and who they're buying it from.
I have talked with Emily several times through Facebook's messaging system and through email. She'll say X or Y, whatever she was caught doing, was wrong. She'll then go on to do some other thing. After she blocked me on Facebook, I assumed she did not wish to communicate with me. Emily never did send me an email, she left her email on a prior post and I contacted her through it, and she replied. This was approximately three weeks ago. She certainly hasn't sent an email since then, I just double-checked.
Emily, I have shared less information about yourself than you have. You've posted pictures with your phone number in them, you're the one who has made all of these posts, which I and a few others have looked through and taken screenshots of what we considered important.
Now, if by info you mean the screenshots. Again. Public page, I and others have the right to screenshot them, share the screenshots, and post my opinion. Your personality is my concern, because it reflects how you view the world, and your potential customers are part of the world. Regardless, public page, I could use them solely to make fun of your attitude and I still would not be harassing you, cyberbullying you, or committing libel or slander.
This is the comment she left on the second blog post concerning her company. An ultimatum, with a mild threat and some buzzwords. How cute. I replied to the comment, but in case she doesn't read it, I'll repeat myself here.
Nothing is coming down. 95% of what I've posted is pertinent to your business, either directly or indirectly, by showing the attitude of the person who runs it. The rest is amusing, and it's amusing because of your behavior and ignorance. Laughing at someone because they're acting foolish is not a hate crime.
“Legal work.” She's going to call the Internet Police on me. At least, I hope that's what she's planning on doing. If she actually contacts real police about this, that's a trivial waste of their time. Or maybe she's typing up a big, scary, legal-sounding letter? I hope not. I know the law, and my rights, so she'd be wasting time she could be putting into improving her company.
In summation
I'm going to leave you with today's Unfunny, Unprofessional Racist Joke From Emily Witcher:
Image copyright Reuters Image caption It is the second time Pope Francis has invoked Turkey's wrath referring to the killings
Turkey says Pope Francis' description of the WW1 mass killing of Armenians as genocide shows "the mentality of the Crusades".
The pontiff's remarks have "no relation to reality", Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Nurettin Canikli said.
Armenia and many historians say up to 1.5 million Armenian Christians were killed by Ottoman Turkish forces in 1915.
But Turkey disputes the figure and denies the deaths constituted genocide.
It says the deaths were part of a civil conflict triggered by WW1.
The row continues to sour Turkish-Armenian relations, drawing in other countries such as Germany, whose parliament recently declared the killings to be genocide
Pope Francis made the comments on Friday during a visit to he Armenian capital, Yerevan.
"This tragedy, this genocide, has unfortunately marked the start of a sad series of great catastrophes of the last century," he said.
But Mr Canikli hit back late on Saturday, describing the remarks as "unfortunate".
"It is possible to see all the hallmarks or reflections of the mentality of the Crusades in the Pope's activities," he said, quoted by the state-run Anadolu news agency, referring to military campaigns in Medieval times promoted by the papacy against Muslims in the Middle East.
Pope Francis also used the phrase last year, prompting Turkey to recall its envoy to the Vatican for 10 months.
He ended his visit to Armenia on Sunday with an open-air liturgy and trip to the country's border with Turkey.
War of words
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Turkey rejects the use of the term "genocide" to describe the 1915 mass killings of Armenians
In 2014, for the first time, Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan offered condolences to the grandchildren of all the Armenians who lost their lives.
But he also said that it was inadmissible for Armenia to turn the issue "into a matter of political conflict".
Armenia says up to 1.5 million people died in 1915-16 as the Ottoman Empire was disintegrating. Turkey has said the number of deaths was much smaller.
Many of the victims were civilians deported en masse to barren desert regions where they died of starvation and thirst. Thousands also died in massacres.
Most non-Turkish scholars of the events regard them as genocide. Among the other states which formally recognise them as genocide are Argentina, Belgium, Canada, France, Italy, Russia and Uruguay.
Turkey maintains that many of the dead were killed in clashes during WW1, and that ethnic Turks also suffered in the conflict.
TumbleBit: Tumbler Mode
Nicolas Dorier Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 2, 2016
As I am currently developing a hopeful production ready tumbler server and client implementation called NTumbleBit, I attempted to find the easiest way to model interactions in TumbleBit as easily as I could.
A tumbler is basically a service to remove any link between two addresses that you own. You send some coins to an address, tumbling happens, and you get some other coins, minus fees, back to another address.
Tumblers like Helix are costly (around 3%), and users need to trust Helix to not scam them by confiscating the coins sent to it. Not mentioning that such Tumbler might keep records of the mapping of the coins it tumbles.
TumbleBit solves this issue, by making the tumbler itself unaware of how to match input coin to output coin, it also prevents any theft from a malicious tumbler.
In Tumbler Mode, TumbleBit asks two time-locked escrow coin to be setup.
First coin will be escrowed by Client and can be spent under one of the two conditions:
Client and Tumbler sign, Client signs and block height is above X
Second coin will be escrowed by Tumbler and can be spent under one of the two conditions:
Client and Tumbler sign, Tumbler signs and block height is above X + Y
It means that the Tumbler need Bitcoins in reserve to escrow.
Since bitcoins are limited, the Tumbler need to ensure there is some cost into making it escrow some coins.
Keep also in mind that Tumbler must not be able to know which Client's coins (the input) belongs to which Tumbler's coin (the output).
Here is how to solve those problems in the escrow phase:
Client asks an unsigned voucher to Tumbler, Client create its escrow coin, and wait a confirmation, Client blind the voucher and asks Tumbler to sign, Later, Client unblind the voucher, and show the signature to Tumbler, Tumbler can now escrow a coin, because it knows Client escrowed one of its coin, but does not know which one,
In other word, the voucher constitutes a “proof of escrow”.
Now here is the trick: The tumbler can ask to the Client to escrow a coin whose value is “Amount + TumblerFee + DoSPrevention”.
However, Client would only send “Amount + TumblerFee” to the Tumbler, and get back DoSPrevention to one of his address.
By doing so, the Tumbler can impose a temporary cost to the Client for the privilege of escrowing one of his own coin.
In other word, if a Client wants to send 1 BTC to the Tumbler, the tumbler can ask to the Client to escrow 2 BTC. But the Tumbler would only escrow 1 BTC.
When the escrowed coins have been confirmed, the Client can send money to the Tumbler in the Payment Phase. After the Payment phase, thanks to the Puzzle solver/promise protocols, the Client knows for sure that he will be able to cash out later.
After payment, the Tumbler cashouts.
Then the client cashouts out.
If for some reason the payment could not go through, the Tumbler and Client can cash out the coins they escrowed by waiting for the time-lock to expire.
All Tumbler's Clients pass through these phases at the same time (in blocks) so the Tumbler can't infer the new address of the Client by measuring timing.
Here is a summary:
There is a steam beta testing version of the next Chaos Reborn release available. You need to right-click on Chaos Reborn in your steam library, select 'properties' then click on the Betas tab. Then select the 'testing' version from the dropdown. You may need to enter the secret code word which is GoblinGoblinOfSteel.
If you had asynch games in progress, please check that they are working. Just open them and play a turn and report any problems. Note: the testing version uses a duplicate of the database, so asynch turns played on the beta testing branch will be lost with official release.
This version incorporates the new reduced RNG mode (known as law mode, with the previous rules known as chaos mode).
With law mode games, casting of spells is done by spending mana and creatures have hitpoints which are reduced according the the ration of attack to defence values. Spell decks are still built randomly. Some other random elements remain - paralyse spell/attack, wind walker attack, spider web attack, subversion spell, magic attack spell loss and some talisman effects.
The tutorials and game guide have not been updated yet, although the tutorial is operating in law mode.
Ralph Vacchiano | Facebook | Twitter | Archive
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- Molly Brown did call hotel security on her allegedly "drunk" husband, a Giants kicker Josh Brown, when he was pounding on her hotel room door at the Pro Bowl in January, and the NFL did help her switch hotel rooms, according to an NFL source.
But the league did not hide her and her children at a different hotel, the source said, and the Browns were together as a family without any known incidents the rest of the weekend -- including on the field on Sunday after the game.
That account, from a league source, is slightly different than the one alleged by Molly in the police "follow-up" report which was released by the King County (Wash.) Sheriff's Office on Wednesday and obtained by SNY. In that report, Molly alleged the NFL moved her and her children to a different hotel after the incident "where Josh would not know where they were," the police report said.
See also: NFL reopens investigation into Josh Brown
The NFL source confirmed the incident occurred on the Friday night of Pro Bowl weekend and that hotel security was called. The source said that the Browns had three rooms at the same hotel -- one for Molly, one for her two sons, and one for Josh and their young daughter. Following the incident, Molly was moved to another room in the same hotel, but Josh and the kids stayed where they were.
According to the source, the Browns were all together as a family on Saturday, and then again on Sunday at the game and on the field after the game.
Molly had told police that the trip came while she and Josh were in the process of getting a divorce. She agreed to go when Josh offered to take her and her children to Hawaii and pay their expenses, though she later called that "a big mistake," according to the police report.
Molly alleged that she was subject to "cutting comments" from Josh on that trip, and that he took her phone and searched through her texts, according to the police report, all before the incident at the hotel occurred. The league source said that the NFL was, obviously, aware of this incident when it decided to only suspend Josh Brown for one game for violating the NFL's domestic violence and Personal Conduct Policy. That suspension was based solely on the arrest of Brown in May, 2015.
Six Democrats on the House Armed Services Committee are demanding President Trump nominate people to fill national security positions that have been empty since his inauguration.
“Nearly 100 days after your inauguration and with multiple international crises looming, it is unacceptable that these roles remain unfilled,” the lawmakers wrote in a letter to Trump on Thursday.
The letter was signed by Democratic Reps. Ruben Gallego (Ariz.), Stephanie Murphy (Fla.), Seth Moulton (Mass.), Jacky Rosen (Nev.), Colleen Hanabusa (Hawaii) and Donald Norcross (N.J.).
Trump so far has only seen one Pentagon nominee — Defense Secretary James Mattis— make it through the confirmation process while 52 more positions requiring a nominee or Senate approval.
Of the 52 other Defense posts requiring a presidential appointment, Trump has nominated someone for 11.
ADVERTISEMENT
Additionally, the State Department has only seen three nominees confirmed — Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, U.N. ambassador Nikki Haley and Israel ambassador David Friedman. More than 100 other senior jobs or ambassadorships still require action.
A State Department spokesman told the New York Times on Thursday there was no reason to nominate people for jobs that might be eliminated during restructuring.
In their letter, the lawmakers called Pentagon leadership “barren” and said the lack of nominees at the State Department is “hobbling” international engagement.
They specifically highlighted empty ambassadorships in the Asia-Pacific at a time of heightened tension with North Korea, as well as jobs at the Pentagon devoted to countering weapons of mass destruction.
“As a former national security specialist at the Department of Defense, I know that personnel is policy,” Murphy said in a statement. “In order to encounter growing threats and maximize opportunities around the world, especially in the Asia-Pacific region, this Administration needs to quickly nominate qualified people to fill these critical national security positions.”
Moulton said the Trump administration is “letting down our allies.”
“The Trump administration's failure to fill hundreds of positions with qualified officials throughout the Defense and State Departments jeopardizes not only our national security but our leadership in the world,” Moulton said in a statement.
“Critical positions dealing with threats as critical as weapons of mass destruction remain unfilled — this is simply unacceptable now 100 days after inauguration.”
Gallego called the failure to nominate people “outrageous.”
“The principal reason for this delay is clear: in selecting nominees, President Trump obviously values support for his campaign more than competence or experience,” he said in a statement. “At a time when America faces a mounting crisis in North Korea and renewed antagonism from Russia, I urge President Trump to move rapidly to fill these critical national security positions with qualified American leaders.”
Judge orders woman to keep her SubGenius books under lock and key
Here's an update to story I've been following since 2006 about a woman who was denied custody of her 10-year-old son after a judge saw photos of her participating in a SubGenius holiday (an adult-rated parody of Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ).
The good news is that Rachel Bevilacqua (AKA Rev. Magdalen) regained custody of her son. The weird news is that, according to Modemac of the High Weirdness Project, Bevilacqua is "still the only SubGenius officially banned from keeping SubGenius materials in her home, where her innocent son might accidentally come across them and become corrupted into the corrupt, obscene, decadent SubGenius cult that got his Mom into trouble in the first place."
After nearly four years and $(removed),000 in legal costs, the SubGenius child custody case of Rachel Bevilacqua (Reverend Magdalen) has been dismissed. The end result is an anticlimax: She has custody of her son at last, and the status quo is maintained -- except that she is officially forbidden from keeping SubGenius materials in her home, in order to protect her son from J.R. "Bob" Dobbs. No, really. When the initial order in Rachel's favor was handed down by Judge Adams (not Judge Punch) in January of 2007, it specified that she was allowed to keep SubGenius materials only in a special "office" area of her home, so as to prevent her son from having access to it. This order was never rescinded or nullified, and it has remained in effect throughout the various legal wranglings that took place thereafter. According to Rachel, the order remains in effect even now, and is included in the final judge's decision, which she will be making available online shortly. Some might say that because only one person (Reverend Magdalen) is forbidden from keeping the Book of the SubGenius in her home, that doesn't make it a banned book. The idea of censorship is to use force to keep others from expressing ideas and beliefs, and exposing so-called "innocent children" to those beliefs. As such, this means that not only is Magdalen being censored -- so is her son. And so is everyone in the Church who supports her.
(Disclosure: I have been a card-carrying SubGenius reverend for 25 years and have contributed to Rachel's legal fund.)
SubGenius Reverend officially banned from keeping SubGenius materials in her home
An Ottawa man convicted of running over a homeless man with his car and then driving off has been sentenced to two years less a day.
Vlad Precup, 34, was found guilty of dangerous driving causing death and leaving the scene of an accident in connection with the July 2008 death of Mitchell Anderson, 38.
Precup was sentenced Monday to 18 months for the dangerous driving charge and six months for leaving the scene, with both sentences to be served consecutively and no credit for time served.
He will also be on probation and prohibited from driving for three years after serving his sentence.
The court heard Anderson was on his way to see his daughter at an Elgin Street restaurant when he crossed the street in front of Precup's car, a Mazda RX-8, at the corner of Rideau Street and Colonel By Drive.
The court heard Anderson kissed his hand and then touched the hood of the vehicle, which caused Precup to rev his engine and run the man down.
Anderson landed on the pavement and his skull was cracked open. By the time witnesses rushed to his aid, the sports car had already left the scene. Anderson was later pronounced dead.
Precup was interviewed three times by police before he was charged in January 2009 after admitting to being behind the wheel of the car that struck Anderson.
Precup's lawyers had argued for leniency on the grounds their client had paranoid schizophrenia and had no prior criminal record. The Crown had been seeking an eight-year sentence.
No, no, the founders were only thinking of hunting and sporting! THAT'S the real true spirit of the 2nd Amendment!
*empties vomit bowl*
Anyone who doesn't get the joke: I am sick to fuck of people trying to reinterpret the 2nd Amendment. When the colonies started to rebel, the conflict was not over sporting or hunting. The Brits tried to disarm the colonists. Alas, they were too late, and the colonists were able to fight back against ans oppressive government. The right of our nation to bear arms is not based on clay pigeon shooting, or hunting. It's based on self defense. It's based on our right to kill a motherfucker if they get out of line, be they criminal or governmental. Since just after the founding of this nation, the government has been trying to remove weaponry from the populace.
I am a moderate Liberal, but as I say often, I hold the 2nd Amendment sacred. I don't think it should be a party line topic. My first and foremost responsibility is to protect my life, my loved ones, and my property. The argument of gun control is one that states that I shouldn't need a fire extinguisher, because I already have 9-1-1 on my phone, and the fire dept. can deal with anything that happens in my home. That's bullshit, and it's bad for ya. Gun control is bullshit.
Lord, I've had a few beers tonight.
Religious privilege: The decision by a Washington public school district to allow a Sikh student to carry a ceremonial dagger or knife known as a kirpan while attending class is generating a great deal of controversy.
The kirpan is a ceremonial sword or dagger carried by practicing Sikhs. It is considered to be an instrument of social justice, and integral to their faith.
In attempting to justify the controversial decision to allow an elementary school student to carry a weapon while attending class, Auburn School District administrators cite state and federal guidelines that allow certain exceptions to Washington's “zero tolerance” for weapons policy.
District administrators claim other Sikhs, both students and staff, have carried Kirpans to school in the past without incident. However, many object to the special treatment which ultimately allows a minor to carry a weapon on public school grounds, something that clearly violates the otherwise strictly enforced “zero tolerance” for weapons policy.
A religious commandment given in 1699 by Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth of the ten Sikh Gurus, commands all baptized Sikhs to wear five articles of faith at all times, the kirpan being one of the five articles.
“The knife can't come out. It can't be shown around. It needs to be underneath their clothing. That allows them to express their religion without jeopardizing anyone's feeling of safety. If there are any problems, we will take it to the family, but we don't expect any.”
Attempting to ease the concerns of parents and others, Auburn Assistant Superintendent of Schools Ryan Foster explains that the knife is to be kept under the child's clothes at all times:
However, many are not reassured by the fact that the weapon will be concealed. After all, a concealed weapon is just as dangerous as an unconcealed weapon.
While some freethinkers favor the decision to allow the student to carry the kirpan, many others object on principle. For many, religious superstition is never a valid justification for violating a sensible safety precaution such as a “zero tolerance” for weapons at public schools.
The extent of the damage is unknown. (Karen Rawlines/CBC)
Firefighters remain at the scene of a forest fire on River Glade Road near Salisbury, as high winds continue to spread the flames.
The RCMP is advising motorists to avoid the area and let firefighters do their jobs.
Crews were called to the scene early Tuesday afternoon, including firefighters from Petitcodiac, Elgin and Salisbury, as well as air support.
The fire started behind a home, which was evacuated, but not damaged, Const. Chantal Farrah said in a statement.
A few sheds burned and the fire spread to the forest, she said.
A crowd of people gathered to watch as a water bomber and another aircraft circles the skies, attempting to extinguish the flames.
No injuries have been reported.
The cause of the fire is unclear. The extent of damage is also unclear.
RCMP is on the scene, providing traffic control, Farrah said.
The fire continues to burn, with black smoke billowing from the scene.
Onlookers gathered
A water bomber works to extinguish the fire. (Patrick Buswell/Radio-Canada)
Donnie Legere, of Moncton, was in the area, watching the fire.
"From my vantage point you can really see some flames go quite a bit up over the tree line. Sometimes you'll see some trees just go up in flames," he told CBC News.
The bomber planes appear to be helping, said Legere.
"They've had three drops already, which seems to help and it appears that they're going to be dropping some more, but right now it's still moving. It's moving slower, but it is moving."
The windy conditions aren't helping, said Legere.
"They'd be fighting that for sure," he said.
"You can see it from here because of the wind billowing through, you can see that it's pushing, you know, the clouds over and the result is they're fighting that and that would be the reason why this thing is moving."
Bill Stuart, who lives near where the fire started, said he didn't think much of it at first.
"I heard the plane come over the house, and I thought it was a friend of mine buzzin' the house — he does that all the time," he said.
"But I came out and saw it was the spotter plane. Then I came out and saw the spray planes coming in to make the drop."
Stuart was among the many people who gathered to watch even though little was visible from the road, apart from smoke and the occasional flame burst.
Art Hill, who lives across the street from where the fire started, said the restlessness of his 25 horses alerted him to the blaze.
He rushed to move a neighbour's truck from the fire's path. "There were no keys, I had to hook onto it with my four-wheel drive and yank it out of there," Hill said. "I just pulled it so it wouldn't burn."
The entire province is under a burning ban right now due to dry conditions.
New Brunswick's Forest Fire Watch website lists 221 fires so far this year, compared to just 41 during the same period last year.
More than 300 hectares have been destroyed, versus about 28 last year, according to the website.
Converting a 2D paper net into a 3D cube successfully, takes steady hands, patience and a good eye, not to mention expert scissor and gluing skills. Although challenging, the process presents oodles of art and math fun in the classroom or at home, learning together. My name is Craig and I am Elliot's dad. In this blog post, I walk you through making 3D cubes and support the process with photos and a video tutorial, where Elliot, age 6 at the time, and I have a go. Should you find this activity as irresistible as we do, links at the end of this post will take you to our store pages to peruse and purchase our 3D shape products.
The Connections
No matter which country, or which curriculum, learning about 3D shapes and their properties are common outcomes for children from Kindergarten onward. Early stages include identifying and playing with real world examples of 3D shapes, comparing the
similarities and differences between them, and later, learning the names of 3D shapes. Early learning helps set the stage for a deeper, more complex dive into the world of geometry math.
piggy-banks from cuboids. Or, perhaps just simply adding colour to paper shape designs is enough to set alight the imagination on a rainy, indoor day. School units involving structures are a great way to make 3D shape math connections. While at home, learning about 3D shapes can parachute you into a creative craft transforming cubes into giant dice , or making your ownfrom cuboids. Or, perhaps just simply adding colour to paper shape designs is enough to set alight the imagination on a rainy, indoor day.
The Process
Along with written steps and supporting photos, watch and take advantage of our How to Make 3D Shapes video tutorial, where Elliot and I demonstrate how to convert a cube paper net into a 3D shape.
Cutting
Apart from having a go often, and joining the fun cutting, folding, gluing and designing together, there are also top tips to offer as a way to help nurture success. First, encourage a warm up by cutting out the shape with a wide boundary, ignoring any lines to begin with. Modelling this with your own is a big help.
Begin by cutting out a big oval around the shape. Next, cut from the perimeter of the oval, aiming to cut along a solid, black line. When you cut to an intersection or corner, stop and pull the scissors out and start again from the outside of the oval.
Elliot and I find it much easier to turn the oval and cut with scissors pointing straight ahead, rather then turning scissors or the shape from within. Cutting away the perimeter pieces first and then working towards the finer bits also helps. When cutting, try with small snips, not opening the blades to wide. We find the wider the jaws of the scissor blades, the harder it is to close and cut along lines.
Folding
Once the outline of the shape is cut, start making the edges by folding the twelve dashed lines. We find it easier, turning the paper net line side down with the blank side facing up to start. Lift up each side or surface and fold it over slowly until you can see the dashed line. Gently use your fingers to push down until you
can make an edge running along the dashed line. Once you are satisfied, run a finger-nail along the edge to make a definitive crease. Repeat for all dashed lines.
When you think you have all twelve edges folded, try manipulating the shape together. It should be relatively easy to do. If an edge is round, a fold has been missed. All edges folded with nice creases and running closely if not directly on each dashed line, definitely makes gluing the cube much easier.
Gluing
When you are satisfied with all the folded edges, start gluing tabs to surfaces. We recommend using glue sticks, but white glue is also fine. Just make sure not to put too much glue on the tabs. We also find it is much easier to apply glue to the face of each tab and glue tabs to the inside of each surface.
The trickiest bit is the lid. To complete the shape you need to run the glue along three tabs and manipulate the tabs so they close on the inside of the surfaces. The tabs should push out against the walls and stick. This might take a couple of goes.
The Result
After construction, use the recording portion of the worksheet to record the number of points (corners), edges (lines) and surfaces (sides). There are many things that you can do with a cube, or indeed several cubes, including making super cool structures.
Colouring before folding and gluing and attaching fishing line to a finished cube can make pretty ceiling art in a bedroom, playroom and classroom. If you wish to use felt pens, paint, or papier-mâché as we do, consider printing shapes on thicker card stock so the sides or surfaces can sustain the weight. Elliot and I cover ours with papier-mâché and when dry, paint them white before adding colour and dots to make giant dice. Make sure to check out the action, and watch – How to Make Giant Dice from 3D Cubes for Kids
Store Products
Try building cuboid paper nets for FREE!
Thanks for watching, reading about and trying your own.
Real Madrid fans make it known they want Arsenal target to stay at Estadio Santiago Bernabeu during former Tottenham Hotspur player's stage show.
While reports of outbound Real Madrid midfield starlet Mesut Ozil undergoing a medical ahead of a prospective move to Arsenal emerged in Germany, back in Spain, at the official unveiling of Los Blancos' record-breaking signing Gareth Bale, the 20,000+ fans at the Santiago Bernabeu started making their chants heard… but not all were there to just support the former Tottenham Hotspur forward.
Club president Florentino Perez welcomed Bale to the theatre he will be performing in for the duration of his new, £300,000 per week, six-year contract: 'Your dream is coming true,' he said.'You're at the most demanding club in the world… I hope you know that, but we're with you and you'll always feel loved by us.
'Bale, from now on, this is your stadium, your home and your family, your shirt and your fans… welcome to Real Madrid!'
Bale, sporting the number 11 on the back of his new Real kit, spoke of his dream coming true and vowed to do his part in helping the club secure La Decima… their tenth Champions League trophy.
The attack-minded 24-year-old played keepy-uppy with a ball (but kept the ball in the air just three times), to the adulation of the majority of supporters in attendance. Yet there were noticeable chants aimed at the club's higher brass… to not allow midfielder Mesut Ozil to leave, as collectively they shouted at Perez: 'Ozil is not for sale!'
It is not hard to fathom how Ozil established himself as a fan's favourite in Madrid. The German international played more key passes last season for Real Madrid (78) than the combined efforts of Andres Iniesta, Francesc Fabregas and Sergio Busquets at Barcelona combined (75).
He completed 1,781 of 2,225 attempted passes in major competition (La Liga, Champions League, Copa del Rey), completed 411 stepovers, scored ten times from 47 shots and attracted 64 fouls in 3,563 minutes of pitch-time.
If Ozil recreates those statistics whilst wearing Arsenal's red and white strip then he will no doubt become a Gunners favourite, too.
image: © James Boyes
OTTAWA - When the Conservatives suddenly decided to bring anti-terrorism legislation to a vote, they pinned the urgency on current events.
The move to go ahead with the Combating Terrorism Act after it had sat in the House of Commons for months came days after twin explosions at the Boston Marathon killed three and wounded scores more.
Meanwhile, officials continue to probe links between an attack at a gas plant in Algeria last January and a group of men from London, Ont.
And the start of a final two days of debate on the bill happened to coincide with the RCMP's announcement Monday of two arrests in an alleged attack planned on a Via Rail train.
The time to act is now, said the Conservatives in bringing ahead the bill, which passed Wednesday night in a Commons vote of 183 to 93.
All three recent incidents have raised questions about radicalization and the threat it poses to domestic and international security, yet the government acknowledged Wednesday that the proposed law doesn't address that.
"Bill S-7 does not directly address the issue of radicalization," Andrew Gowing, a spokesman for the Justice Department, said in an email.
"It does, however, ensure that law enforcement have the means to anticipate and respond effectively to terrorism, thereby complementing the government's ongoing efforts to combat radicalization leading to violent extremism."
Asked whether the government could point to any recent cases the new bill could have addressed had it been in force, Gowing did not directly answer.
Civil-rights advocates say many provisions in the bill are unnecessary and of questionable constitutionality.
Police, while welcoming the new tools, also note that some of the challenges they face in cracking down on terrorism today aren't covered by the legislation.
So the decision to move forward smacks of political opportunism, not policy imperative, the Opposition suggested.
"A responsible Canadian government would not have kept hitting the snooze button until tragedy struck somewhere else in the world," said New Democrat MP Dany Morin during the debate.
Despite the sense of urgency attached to the bill by the Conservatives, the current iteration of the law has been working its way through the parliamentary process since February 2012, when it was introduced in the Senate.
Elements of it had been introduced in earlier failed legislation dating to 2007, which itself was linked to older laws enacted after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
After the 9/11 attacks, laws were passed to allow police to bring people who might have information about a terrorism offence before a judge for an investigative hearing.
Police were also given the power to arrest people they believed were about to commit an offence in order to stop it.
The measures expired after five years and so haven't been in play since 2007.
Once the bill receives Royal Assent and then comes into force, the measures will be back for another five years, unless both houses of Parliament pass a resolution to extend them.
It also requires both the attorney general and minister of public safety to report on how often the provisions are used and explain why they need to be extended.
"By re-enacting the investigative hearings and recognizance with conditions provisions for five years, Bill S-7 will help law enforcement, subject to judicial approval, investigate both past and future terrorism offences and to prevent terrorist activity," Justice spokesman Gowing said.
But the Canadian Civil Liberties Association suggested the measures aren't necessary in the first place.
"The preventive arrest and investigative hearing laws, in effect from 2001 to 2007, were never once used for their intended purpose, and every major criminal terrorism-related incident in Canada since 2001 has been disrupted and prevented without the need for preventive detention or investigative hearings," the CCLA said in a statement this week.
Meanwhile, new provisions in the bill include the creation of offences that prohibit people from leaving or attempting to leave Canada for the purpose of committing certain terrorism offences.
Canadian security officials estimated as many as 60 Canadians have left the country in order to do exactly that. But Canada lacks an exit control system that shows when people leave the country, so officials don't know exactly when.
Earlier this month, the RCMP took the extraordinary step of confirming that two Canadians were involved in the Algeria bombings, but acknowledged they didn't know how the pair ended up there.
Two years ago, however, the Mounties claimed they'd stopped someone else from leaving.
In 2011, Mohamed Hassan Hersi, 25, was arrested at Toronto's Pearson airport as he boarded a plane headed for London and Cairo.
He was alleged to be on his way to Somalia to join a terrorist organization, and was charged with attempting to participate in terrorist activity and providing counsel to a person to participate in a terrorist activity.
The case still hasn't come to trial.
"Each case is very specific, and to use one case to determine whether the preventative application of it would be wide enough for the majority of cases has yet to be determined," said RCMP Assistant Commissioner James Malizia during his testimony when asked why new measures were required if police could already stop people from leaving.
While the Liberals supported the new bill, the NDP remained opposed.
"If we're really going to attack terrorism, let's have that proper balance between the resources we need and the existing laws," said New Democrat MP Randall Garrison on Wednesday.
"If we learned anything from what happened with the charges in the Via Rail case, it's that we don't need extra legislative measures to do this."
Also on HuffPost
In the Trump administration's latest attempt to quash any efforts by the federal government to raise awareness or mitigate the effects of climate change, a community resilience panel announced Monday that the president had terminated the two-year-old group.
Chairman Jesse Keenan, a Harvard University professor, told the other members of the Community Resilience Panel for Buildings and Infrastructure Systems on Monday that there would be no further meetings and the panel would dissolve, per President Donald Trump's orders.
"This was the federal government's primary external engagement for resilience in the built environment," Keenan told Bloomberg News.
"It was one of the last federal bodies that openly talked about climate change in public," he added. "I can say that we tried our best and we never self-censored!"
The panel was created in 2015 by former President Barack Obama in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, and had more than 350 volunteer members. Its mission to guide municipal governments and local groups to improve buildings, communications, energy systems, and transportation in response to climate threats made the panel especially vulnerable under the Trump administration.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Keenan told E&E News that the panel's abilitiy to collaborate resilience efforts across local, state, and the federal government as well as the private sector were especially notable, and described the group's key activities:
We identified gaps in codes and standards, we proposed streamlined communications channels, we vetted best practices in design standards, we created guides for operators of infrastructure facilities, etc. ... It was a very diffuse effort by virtue of the diversity of infrastructure sectors that we covered, but we built a meaningful entity that served as a direct avenue of engagement with the federal government.
The panel was sponsored by the Department of Commerce's National Institute of Standards and Technology, and co-sponsored by the Department of Housing and Urban Development's Office of Economic Resilience, the Commerce Department's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine, and the Department of Homeland Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) as well as its Office of Infrastructure Protection.
The group's members were scheduled to meet again in the spring of 2018.
In a recent blog post, Dave Hakkens, the guy who painted that awesome picture of a modular smartphone in all our minds with his Phonebloks video that went viral on YouTube, outline three crucial changes to Google's latest version of Project Ara, some of which he is not pleased with: Less modular, Design changes and Google's tight control over the project.
To really understand why Dave disagrees with these changes, we first have to reflect on the initial reason why Dave created the Phonebloks video.
Original Phonebloks Video
Electronic waste is a huge problem globally, the devices that we all love and use are causing a big electronic waste problem and the main reason for this is because we simply replace and dispose of our electronic devices far too often (partly thanks to the yearly smartphone release cycles). Dave's solution was to create a device that is up-gradable so we don't toss it when we want something new, instead we could simply replace the display, CPU RAM and GPU (SOC), battery, camera etc.
Changes to Ara that Dave disagrees with
Dave disagrees with Google's move to place all main core components (SOC) into the frame of Ara, while allowing only six interchangeable modules on the back of the device. He explains that “they changed this in the last update which is a BIG DEAL. It basically means the Ara skeleton is a fully equipped phone with things like CPU, antennas, sensors, battery and display. The 6 little blocky modules on the back of the phone are just add-ons like better camera's, speakers, scanners etc. Things to customise your phone, for fun.
It means your phone still gets obsolete after a while. What if your screen breaks? Well you still need to replace the entire phone. And after a couple of years it gets slow and you need to replace your entire skeleton.”
He also disagrees with the tight control which Google has on Ara and it's hardware ecosystem. “Originally their goal was to ”create a phone for the entire world”, we loved this. Ara is build on open standards, and developers can develop their own modules. Which is great. It creates and ecosystem of modules. However it isn't truly open. Everything happens under the umbrella of Google.” Dave further explains that “They are in charge, they make the rules. They can decide to suddenly change the connectors, or design. Making all previous modules you have obsolete. It's a powerful ecosystem which shouldn't be in the hands of one organisation.”
Project Ara was initially expected to fulfill the Phonebloks dream, but with all core components packed into the frame, it turns out that it really isn't a complete modular device anymore, and with a closed modular ecosystem, developers will be able to create modules for the device, but Google alone will have control over how the frame is created and no other company will be able to create frames that utilize Ara modules. This is why Dave Hakkens thinks Ara have somewhat swayed out of the path of what he initially dreamed Phoneblocks to be.
My thoughts on the matter
So after reading Dave's blog post which I'll link to here, I understood Dave's stance on the matter of Google and Project Ara, however, I also understand why Google chose the path that they are currently on. Instead of focusing on modular smartphone fans along with the Phonebloks dream of removable modules to prevent frequent disposal of one's devices, Google being a company did what companies do, they focused on the everyday consumer.
In an interview with Cnet's Sean Hollister, lead engineer on Project Ara Rafa Camargo, said “when we did our user studies, what we found is that most users don't care about modularizing the core functions,” Camargo explains. “They expect them all to be there, to always work and to be consistent. Our initial prototype was modularizing everything…just to find out users didn't care,” he adds.
From this interview we can clearly see that Rafa Camargo has NO idea why Phonebloks became popular, and what Project Ara's initial goal was! No true modular smartphone fan would have ever said that they do not care about “modularizing everything,” and in making the decision to reduce Ara's modular features they have completely ignored the very same fans whom they were initially making the device for.
Two things have clearly changed in Google's strategy for Ara:
Google is no longer creating a device for modular smartphone fans. Google is no longer focused on creating a low-cost device that could reach the next billion people around the world that do not have a smartphone.
Ara has simply become another smartphone to compete with the iPhone!
But There is still hope
So we won't be getting the super awesome modular smartphone that we had all hoped for, not for now at least, but luckily Google hasn't completely killed their initial goals for Ara. In the interview with C|net, Rafa Camargo mentioned that the technology to swap out processors and radios still exists. “We have the capabilities to do that, so things will evolve.” And Google also plans on allowing other companies to make Ara frames as their technology progressies.
Fans of Google's initial modular smartphone want exactly what Google pitched when they revealed Project Ara, but without hopes of a wide scale adaptation of the device, there is no guarantee that Google will keep working on Ara, and if Ara doesn't take off then our entire modular device hopes might be shattered.
Project Ara has somewhat changed course, but it still doesn't mean that fans of the modular smartphone won't get what they want. Google is still our best bet so we just have to wait with hopes that everything will work out in the end.
THE recent announcement of a wrenching round of layoffs at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York has sent a shiver through the museum world. Yet as recently as March, the Met seemed to be on a roll, when it opened a flashy contemporary art annex, the Met Breuer.
Indeed, if you've thought at all about the fate of art museums in the 21st century, it is probably as a rare example of good news in difficult times. The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art has just opened a $305 million addition, creating what is described as the largest modern and contemporary art museum in the country. Last year, two high-profile museums opened in New York (the new $422 million Whitney building downtown) and in Los Angeles (the $140 million Broad).
The turmoil at the Met should be our cue to ask if all this “good news” is really the story of cultural triumph that it is made out to be. According to the Association of Art Museum Directors, for every $8 visitors spend at museums in North America, museums spend $55. So running a museum isn't a great business, despite the crowds.
According to The Art Newspaper, close to $5 billion from 2007 to 2014 was spent in the United States on new expansions, more than the other 37 countries the newspaper examined put together. The United States is also, the publication notes, unique in the degree to which it funds culture through private philanthropy, rather than public money.
Anzac Day 2015: Up to 15,000 'forgotten' Indian soldiers fought alongside Anzacs
Updated
Up to 15,000 Indians fought with allied troops at Gallipoli, but their contribution remains relatively unknown and unrecognised in Australia and their homeland, research has found.
"The average Indian is almost ignorant about Gallipoli as a campaign in World War I," retired Indian Air Force wing commander Rana Chhina said.
Historians believe almost 1,400 Indians died at Gallipoli and up to 3,500 were wounded.
Unlike many of the Australian troops, all the Indians who fought were professional soldiers.
"We had an Indian infantry brigade, the 29th Indian Infantry Brigade. We had a mountain artillery brigade and, of course, the mule transport," Mr Chhina said.
The Mule Corps comprised of 650 men and more than 1,000 mules to transport supplies to troops on the peninsula where motor transport was impossible.
Historians say the Mule Corps established themselves in an area known as Mule Gully, which came under constant sniper and machine gun fire during the day.
As a result, most transport took place at night.
"The Mule Corps were the unsung heroes of Gallipoli. If it hadn't been for them, the Anzacs and the rest wouldn't have been able to hold on in the manner that they did," Mr Chhina said.
Indians and Australians were friends on the battlefield
Photographs and sketches from the time show Indian and Australian soldiers spending time together — sometimes sharing food rations.
"You would find Anzacs coming and sharing the Indian soldiers' rations because their roti and daal was far more palatable than the salted bully beef and biscuits," Mr Chhina said.
"The relationship between the Indians and the Australians and New Zealanders was actually very good, by all accounts.
"The Anzacs recognised that the Indians were professional soldiers. They developed a very healthy respect for them."
Mr Chhina said there was some evidence that friendships were formed on the battlefield between soldiers from the two countries.
"There are also various Australian and New Zealand accounts — in soldiers' diaries or in photographs that they've sent back home — where they refer to 'my Indian friend' or 'my Gurkha friend'," he said.
'The forgotten soldiers of history'
Many of the Indians who fought at Gallipoli were from the Punjab, but few records remain about their contribution to the war effort there.
When the British divided India in 1947 and the nation of Pakistan was created, millions of people — including many Punjabis — fled in different directions across the newly-created border.
"It was the largest mass migration in human history — almost all of their letters and other belongings and possessions were destroyed," Mr Chhina said.
"The same happened at an official level. A lot of our World War I records were destroyed during the trauma of partition."
Mr Chhina said the only recognition of some of the 15,000 who fought — or the approximately 1,500 Indian soldiers who died at Gallipoli — is a small plaque at a hospital in Ferozepur in the country's north.
"I am afraid they are literally the forgotten soldiers of history," he said.
One man who has not forgotten the contribution Indian soldiers made at Gallipoli is Perth doctor Tajinderpal Singh.
His great-grandfather, Nanak Singh, served as part of the 1/69 Punjabi regiment at Gallipoli.
"My great-grandfather said the battle of Gallipoli was a very bloody battle and it was very traumatic," Mr Singh said.
"He said as they landed on the beaches there were bodies everywhere.
"It was very unfortunate in that there were many Sikh bodies there and they were friends that he knew — other soldiers that they knew — and the only way to get off the beach was to walk over these bodies."
Perth marching band remembers Sikh soldiers at Gallipoli
Mr Singh said his great-grandfather said the conditions at Gallipoli were awful and would talk of the Turks as a "fearless race".
"He said there was one Turk hiding in the carcass of a cow and he was shooting many Sikhs. After a fierce battle with him and his comrades, the Sikhs overcame him," he said.
Nanak Singh survived the war and died in 1976, aged 102.
In 2006, his great-grandson created the Western Australian Sikh marching band as a way of honouring his relative's sacrifice.
"To have family that is involved in a battle which is so important to all Australians, it made us so proud. We said, 'We have to do something about it' and that is how the band came about," Mr Singh said.
"We said we need to honour the legacy of my great-grandfather but more importantly to honour the legacy of Sikhs in general that fought at Gallipoli and other battles at World War I."
The band is made up of 35 members of Perth's Sikh community — most of whom had never played an instrument before they joined.
"We thought this is great, to form a band, and to march at Anzac Day, to show we are Australians just like everyone else is," Mr Singh said.
"It is an honour knowing my great-grandfather was there fighting with the Anzacs, and he was an ally of the Anzacs.
"I feel as proud as any other Australian would do about Anzac Day."
Topics: anzac-day, world-war-1, history, turkey, australia, india
First posted
The federal government stands before pelts of Americans, taken in its yearly Obamacare slaughter. The cynicism of America's evil political class in the construction and perpetration of a worthless healthcare program points to the nature of the USA political system. Not broken, as many allege—but working just fine for the people who truly own it.
In many states, more than half the plans offered for sale through HealthCare.gov, the federal online marketplace, have a deductible of $3,000 or more, a New York Times review has found. Those deductibles are causing concern among Democrats — and some Republican detractors of the health law, who once pushed high-deductible health plans in the belief that consumers would be more cost-conscious if they had more of a financial stake or skin in the game."
While the world scampers about playing "terrorist, terrorist, who's got the terrorist"—again—enabling the national security apparatuses of the global empires to further tighten their nooses on liberty, thepublished anwhose conclusion is late (I've been sayingfor a while now), but nonetheless remarkable: Obamacare has turned out to be "All but useless" to many of the people it was intended to help.While Democrats, who knew they were signing a very bad bill when they affirmed a Republican plan authored by Mitt Romney!, have always bragged about how many people were now saved from having no medical insurance, they left out a key point about that insurance: it was so expensive to use because of the extraordinarily high deductibles, that many (most?) of the people for whom it was intended, i.e. poorer Americans whose budgets were already stretched to the breaking point, cannot afford it.The article makes it quite clear who is really to blame (all the useless politicians as always):"Skin in the game" is the Republican phrase for saying poorer Americans, most of whom work very hard just to survive at all, are worthless scumbags with their filthy hands in the pockets of good, rich folk. What the GOP wanted were the pelts of poor people, charged so much money for healthcare—they would never actually use it, and that is what they demanded and got from Barack Obama and the Democrats.And it was Democrats who enabled this, by signing off on it. Democrats controlled the entire government when Obamacare was passed and signed into law. It was conservative Democrats who also pushed Obama to make the new healthcare law expensive for poorer Americans to use. Again, however, Obama did not lead against that push. He did what he always does—adopt the conservative position imagining that would protect him from criticism by Republicans. Of course, as we know, that has never quite worked out like Obama hoped.Ultimately, cowardice is to blame. That and greed and enormous cynicism. Republicans initially wanted to be able to say they helped craft a conservative healthcare bill. Then right-wing lunatic talking heads claimed that Obamacare was a socialist healthcare program, and no Republican could be a Republican without opposing its existence. So that is what they did. Democrats meanwhile claimed Obamacare was a success, because they were coercing people to sign up for it with big tax penalties if they did not do so. When Americans responded by signing up, Obama claimed the whole program was great for America.Of course, as has been pointed out, the reason these pols, and Obama, said all these things is ultimately they don't care about the welfare of average, hard-working, Americans. The politicians are rich, and have great healthcare programs they can easily afford. If a poor family someplace can't afford to use their nice, shiny, useless, Obamacare health insurance, that matters about as much to these American politicians as the deaths of thousands of poor, brown-skinned, Muslims in their insane wars on the poor (or "terror").The politicians have betrayed the USA over and over again. And yet their skin is not in this game. Just yours. And yet you imagine voting for this political class of masters will make some difference. You deserve what you vote for—over and over again.
Labor says public service jobs in the Department of Human Services could be sent to Asia if a privatisation of key departmental functions goes ahead.
Labor senator Doug Cameron says the government must come clean on how many jobs would go if the payment of Medicare pharmaceutical and veterans' benefits goes to the private sector.
Wanting clarity: Labor says the government must come clean on how many jobs would go if the payment of Medicare pharmaceutical and veterans' benefits go to the private sector.
Human Service Minister Marise Payne has dismissed as "alarmist exaggerations" union predictions that up to 20,000 jobs could go if the $29 billion of payment services were farmed out to private players.
But DHS bosses have admitted that they do not know how many of their public servants are engaged in delivering the payments, further complicating the job of estimating the impact of the move for DHS's 30,000 public servants.
In the 2013 Tate Modern retrospective of the work of Saloua Raouda Choucair, there was a painting that had been torn by a bomb explosion near her home in her native Beirut. One might have expected a Lebanese artist to reference the violence, corruption and suffering of the 15 year Lebanese Civil War in her art. Yet, there seems to be no overt commentary on the war or politics in any of Choucair's pieces throughout her long career. Indeed, this seems to point to the level of integrity Choucair brought to her art. As someone who was influenced by Sufism, I am guessing that Choucair's attitude was that the war was the doing of unenlightened others and she wasn't going to become engaged in their insanity.
Sufism is about individual, humane development, along with a meaningful engagement of others, not a political philosophy leading to confrontation and violent conflict. Furthermore, Choucair might have decided that art is simply not about the overtly political and that it should not be sullied by being extended in that direction. Easy artistic attacks against transitory corruption (which might have made her more famous as a ‘regional artist responding to her times') were a temptation she easily resisted – instead she was interested in the pith and essence of the extent to which art could capture the process of what is most meaningful and eternal in our lives.
The press around the 2013 retrospective highlighted that Choucair was one of the first artists, if not the first, of her region to begin using the techniques of contemporary abstraction. After moving to Paris after World War II, she studied at the atelier of Fernand Leger and became fascinated by the architecture of Le Corbusier. Upon returning, a few years later, to Beirut, however, it became difficult for her to show and sell her work – in part because she is a woman, in part because the work was so groundbreaking. Ms. Choucair, who is now 99 years old and suffering from Alzheimers, worked in relative silence and obscurity for decades amassing her collection in her own home (her daughter has tirelessly continued to champion her mother's work). A curator for the Tate Modern stumbled upon her work while looking for promising Lebanese artists and, upon discovering the extent and breath of the work, immediately began organizing the retrospective which finally brought attention to this amazing and significant artist. CRG Gallery, on the Lower East Side, now represents the artist in New York City and has put together a wonderful first show for this artist in the USA.
To appreciate Choucair's art it's important to know that she was influenced by contemporary science, mathematics and the philosophy of Sufism. The basic components of her work would seem to involve symmetry, line and curve and what she expresses comes from her experimentation with these elements. Her work also uses the principle of repetition which she may have taken from her study of Le Corbusier's architecture. Much of her sculpture is, for example, ‘modular' and it is even possible to rearrange the components of her sculpture. This also mirrors Sufi poetry in which each stanza is supposed to stand alone as well as be an integral part of the whole poem.
Choucair's use of repetition, however, seems to reflect a nexus of science and Sufism. In a letter from 1951, she states that one of the greatest contributions of Arabic scholars to the world was the idea of ‘distillation'. Wine was first distilled into purer or more potent ‘spirits' in the Arabic world in the 900s and she points out that distillation is merely the process of returning substances to their true or original nature or ‘essence'. The essence of life is repetition as it is, to a great extent, in Sufism – one who experiences a higher awareness necessarily becomes an influence in the world for peace and justice and kindness and mercy.
Choucair was based in Beirut for most of her life but was continually open to the progress going on in all parts of the world and this often made its way into her art. When a critic once asked her whether she was merely imitating European styles, she stated, “What I experience, everyone in the world experiences.” There wasn't just regional or continental progress or innovation; any change or development from anywhere could and would become a global influence in Choucair's eyes. This neglected artist was, in fact, an early believer in a more global and more universal outlook in which borders might be dissolved and humanity might become unified in its common search for what is the most worth pursuing.
SKOPJE, Macedonia - Former Roosevelt High School and UAB basketball star Cameron Moore, who joined Macedonian team AV Ohrid this week, died suddenly during his first practice session, local authorities said Wednesday.
The team's legal representative, Ivo Markoski, told The Associated Press that the 25-year-old Moore arrived late Monday from Venice, Italy.
He said the player had been in Ohrid, a tourist resort town in southern Macedonia, for a matter of hours before dying Tuesday.
"This is a tragedy. We had no time even to meet him properly," Markoski said. "He was in Ohrid for only 24 hours. We let him rest after arrival and the tragedy occurred on the very first day of training."
Markoski said Moore had signed a preliminary deal with the Ohrid team and had just begun medical tests. An official deal with the team was to be signed after the medical tests were completed.
Ohrid police spokesman Stefan Dimeski confirmed an American basketball player died suddenly late Tuesday, but did not release his identity citing an ongoing forensic investigation into the death. Dimeski said the player collapsed during practice and was rushed to the hospital but was pronounced dead on arrival.
More details would be available after the forensics examination, he said.
"(We have) never experienced such a tragedy. We are totally shaken by his death," said AV Ohrid team manager Marijan Boshalevski, who said Moore collapsed during the last 15 minutes of practice.
Moore, who graduated from Roosevelt High School in 2008, was a forward for the University of Alabama-Birmingham, finishing his career ranked second in school history in double-doubles (28) and blocked shots (137), and fourth in total rebounds (747).
He is one of only three players in school history with more than 1,000 points and 700 rebounds in his career, according to the UAB website.
Rising-senior quarterback Kain Colter has been one of the leaders of Northwestern unionization efforts.
Photo by Eric Francis/Getty Images
Huffington Post labor reporter Dave Jamieson notes that the Republican-controlled House Committee on Education and the Workforce has scheduled a hearing a week from today called “Big Labor on College Campuses: Examining the Consequences of Unionizing Student Athletes.” The precipitating event is the vote just held by Northwestern football players on whether to form a union. (The results of the vote will be sealed until the legal battle over the players' right to unionize is settled, which might take a while.)
The College Athletes Players Association, the nascent group that the Northwestern players voted on joining, is backed by United Steelworkers, which claims 1.2 million members and retired members. From CAPA's website:
In its continued support for college athletes' rights, the United Steelworkers have agreed to provide CAPA with resources necessary to pursue this course of action by paying the legal team that will be representing CAPA before the National Labor Relations Board to prove that the National Labor Relations Act covers college athletes.
Committee chair John Kline of Minnesota called the National Labor Relations Board's preliminary decision to allow the unionization vote a “a radical departure from longstanding federal labor policies” in a press release announcing the May 8 hearing. The committee has not yet said who it will be calling to testify.
I take this opportunity to encourage the Government to take the necessary steps to ensure that the country is not left behind in the rapid developing marijuana sector.
While I may not be as fascinated by this shade of green, it would be remiss of me as a representative of the people, some of whom may so indulge, not make it known that we are being trumped in the race to earn from weed.
The Business Insider recently published a report that it is now legal to smoke marijuana in 20 per cent of the United States without a doctor's letter. This is a progressive move for the recreational use of marijuana within the US and has contributed increasingly to their GDP. It is expected that by 2021, the recreational marijuana industry would have made over US$20 billion in sales.
The amendments made to the Dangerous Drugs Act is on the right path towards transforming and regulating the sector, however, greater liberties must be considered. The act states that where a person is under the age of 18 years, or who is 18 years or older and "appears" to the police to be dependent on ganja, they will be referred to the National Council on Drug Abuse, for counselling.
While having the age requirement consistent with the legal age of consent is commendable, I am not convinced that the Jamaica Constabulary Force officers are trained to ascertain accurately if a person is dependent on marijuana based on appearances. This has the potential to become harassing if we ever move in the direction of widespread recreational marijuana usage.
In Alaska, for example, the age requirement is much higher, at 21 years, for persons to be eligible to use the drug. Since early 2005, roughly the same time the Dangerous Drugs Act amendment took effect, Alaska made it legal to use marijuana for recreational use. Users over the age of 21 within Alaska can carry one ounce freely for recreational use.
Our laws have been amended to make the possession of two ounces or fewer of marijuana an offence where persons will have to pay a fine, allowing almost twice the weight permitted in Alaska with far more restrictions. If the recreational use of the drug is to be considered, perhaps we must re-evaluate what quantity persons can legally carry or have officers trained properly to identify how to accurately identify a person dependent on marijuana.
Herbal Outfitters, a retail marijuana store in Alaska, opened its doors two years after the state made it legal to use recreationally. Their first customer bought seven grams of marijuana for US$145.65 for them or JM $19,000. The store sells various strains of the drug at different prices.
Massive earning potential
While the price of marijuana is considerably less in Jamaica than it is in the United States, the earning potential is still massive if the proper measures are established to legalise, tax and regulate the sale as was done in Alaska.
Although California was the first state to legalise medical marijuana in 1996, it has no retail stores and will not until January 2018 when the state will begin to issue licences to dispensaries. The 22-year gap is undesirable, and hopes are that in our attempt to capitalise on the growing wave of countries legalising the use, we will not have such a lapse.
In Colorado, for example, marijuana retail is saturated. There are more marijuana dispensaries than Starbucks and McDonald's franchises combined. This is partly due to them being one of the first states to legalise the recreational use of the drug. The early bird caught the worm.
Washington, the other pioneer state that legalised recreational use, has raked in over US$1 billion since 2012 across all dispensaries.
We are being left in the smoke of the United States in the advancement of marijuana use, and it may already be too late to significantly capitalise on it. We have done too little, and in my opinion, it may be too late to stamp our crest on the West as leaders in the marijuana industry, especially since Canada and Cayman are joining the party.
More states will begin to ride the wave, and while they are opening more retail shops than fast food chains and coffee houses in some states, and collecting meaningful revenue, we are opening Starbucks and arguing the impact one of their stores will have on our economy.
- Duane Smith is JLP councillor, Chancery Hall Division. Email feedback to columns@gleanerjm.com.
Bayfront, castle-like home in Corpus Christi getting plenty of attention The home oozes South Texas history to boot
PHOTOS: Unique home in Corpus Christi hits the market A castle-style home on Corpus Christi's Ocean Drive is garnering a lot of attention from prospective buyers. The five-bedroom home was built in 1937 and is one of the most distinctive properties along that historic Corpus roadway. Click through to see more photos of the historic residence... fewer PHOTOS: Unique home in Corpus Christi hits the market A castle-style home on Corpus Christi's Ocean Drive is garnering a lot of attention from prospective buyers. The five-bedroom home was built in 1937 and is ... more Photo: Sandy Powell Photo: Sandy Powell Image 1 of / 40 Caption Close Bayfront, castle-like home in Corpus Christi getting plenty of attention 1 / 40 Back to Gallery
A castle-style home on Corpus Christi's Ocean Drive is garnering a lot of attention from prospective buyers.
The five-bedroom house was built in 1937 and is one of the most distinctive properties along that historic Corpus roadway. There are a number of unique homes along Ocean Drive that catch the eye, including another one of the same vintage set on nearly 3 acres.
A price tag of $2, 750,000 gets you an unobstructed, 6,200 square-foot view of Corpus Christi Bay. It was just listed last week and is already making its listing agent a very busy person.
CORPUS COOL: Spring break look back: Vintage photographs of Corpus Christi, 1910s to the 1940s
Realtor Sandy Powell is handling the sale of the home at 3745 Ocean Drive, built by oil man Sam Wilson and his wife Ada. The family of Howard E. Butt, founder of the H-E-B grocery chain, were neighbors of the Wilsons at one time.
During the 1940s Wilson had 44 successful oil wells that cemented his family's fortune. He also built a number of buildings in Corpus during his life and purchased some 7,000 acres of nearby Mustang Island.
After Sam Wilson died in 1957 and Ada Wilson visited England, the widow added the special two-story turret to the home. While on the trip she learned that her late husband was descended from royalty – after meeting the Queen no less -- and the addition was a tribute to him. These days it is used as a study.
Ada, known for her philanthropy in Corpus, died in 1977. The home changed hands a few times after that.
According to Powell, Irma Maria Liscano is the current owner of the home. She's added a sauna, but seems to have kept most of the home's most special features like the bar area and an Austrian crystal chandelier. It has a three-car garage and a separate living quarters as well, with a nifty pull-up bar out front. Some of the Italian-style flooring also remains.
Sadly a pigskin-lined stair case has been altered.
FAMOUS DIGS: Original Grey Gardens mansion for sale for $19.95 million
With four full bathrooms and two half bathrooms it's also ideal for entertaining.
Powell did note that at one point in the home's history it was directly on the bay, but when Corpus Christi built a seawall that all changed. The home does come with a piece of land that is adjacent to the beach across the street, as can be seen in drone shots of the residence.
A tunnel was built after the seawall came up that lead directly to the beach, but it has since been sealed up with concrete for security purposes. A few homes along Ocean Drive still have such amenities though.
Michael Sam, the first openly gay player to be drafted by an NFL team, has been cut by the St Louis Rams.
The Rams announced their final 53-man roster for the new season, which begins on Thursday, shortly before the 4pm eastern time cut-off and after a nervous Saturday for Sam and other NFL hopefuls.
Using Twitter, Sam said: “I want to thank the entire Rams organisation and the city of St Louis for giving me this tremendous opportunity and allowing me to show I can play at this level. I look forward to continuing to build on the progress I made here toward a long and successful career.
“The most worthwhile things in life rarely come easy, this is a lesson I've always known. The journey continues.”
Sam could still play in the NFL this season, with another team. He could also return to the Rams as a practice-squad player.
The Rams' head coach, Jeff Fisher, told a news conference there would be “no challenges whatsoever” for any team which picked up Sam.
“There's no challenge with respect to Mike Sam,” Fisher said. “He's not about drawing attention to himself. He kept his head down and worked and you can't ask anything more out of any player for that matter.”
Fisher said Sam's failure to make the Rams roster was “a football decision”.
On Saturday, the defensive end attended the University of Missouri's season opener against South Dakota, shaking hands with well-wishers on the sideline. At the 4pm deadline he was introduced to the crowd; looking at his phone, he then walked to the locker room.
The Rams' decision reopened a debate that has flowed around the NFL since Sam came out in public, in February. Then, the co-defensive player of the year in the Southeastern Conference, who had come out to his Missouri team-mates before the preceding college season, told the New York Times: “I'm Michael Sam, I'm a football player, and I'm gay.”
Soon after, speaking anonymously, eight NFL coaches and executives told Sports Illustrated they expect a significant drop in Sam's draft position.
In May, Sam was picked by the Rams 34th in the final of seven draft rounds and 249th out of 256 picks overall, leading to further debate about whether his sexuality had influenced his lowly placing.
A post-draft kiss with his boyfriend also led to controversy. A Miami Dolphins player, Don Jones, was disciplined by the league after tweeting “omg” and “horrible” after ESPN aired pictures of the kiss.
At the time, coach Fisher called the pick a “second historic moment” for the Rams, who in 1946 signed the running back Kenny Washington, the first black player in American football's modern era.
President Barack Obama said Sam's selection represented “an important step forward in our nation's journey”. In July, Sam accepted the ESPY Arthur Ashe Courage Award, which is given by the sports network ESPN to “individuals who have shown strength in the face of adversity and stood up for their beliefs”. Previous winners of the award include Muhammad Ali, Billie Jean King and Nelson Mandela.
On Saturday Cyd Zeigler of Outsports.com used Twitter to say the Rams' decision to cut Sam was “disappointing at best”, and added: “Now the other 31 NFL teams are on the clock.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Michael Sam in uniform before the Rams' final preseason game, against the Miami Dolphins on Thursday. Photograph: Marc Serota/Getty Images
Sam, who told the press after his decision to come out that he was “determined to be great”, played for the Rams during NFL preseason. After his first game, a 26-24 loss to the New Orleans Saints, he said: “You know, I can play in this league. I can play in this league.”
He played in the Rams' last preseason game, on Thursday, leading the team with six tackles in a 14-13 defeat by the Miami Dolphins. Afterwards, coach Fisher said: “I didn't really see anything good nor bad out of him, but we'll look at the tape. But he played hard, got a lot of snaps.”
Fisher added that he thought Sam “can play in this league”.
The War on Women, 2013 edition is in full swing.
Tennessee Senator Jim Tracy introduced an ultrasound bill yesterday. This, in and of itself, is not particularly newsworthy since ultrasound bills have become all the rage in the last couple years. What is newsworthy is just how far Forced Birthers will go to ensure that women who choose to have an abortion are traumatized by the experience.
If women don't want to view the ultrasound, the new Tennessee bill, SB 632, will require abortion providers to explain the results of the ultrasound in grave detail.
Via Robin Marty at RH Reality Check:
According to SB 0632, sponsored by State Senator Jim Tracy, women about to undergo an abortion will be forced to undergo an abdominal ultrasound and to look at the image. If she doesn't, well, then the provider will just explain what she's not looking at millimeter by millimeter, with tiny embryonic heart tones and all. (A) Verbally offer the woman undergoing the fetal transabdominal
ultrasound an opportunity to view the ultrasound image and receive a printed copy of the ultrasound image; or
(B) In cases where the woman declines the offer to view the ultrasound image pursuant to subdivision (b)(3)(A), provide, in a manner understandable to a layperson, a simultaneous verbal explanation of the
results of the live, real-time ultrasound images, including a medical description of the dimensions of the embryo or fetus, the presence of cardiac activity, and the presence of arms, legs, external members and
internal organs, and provide a copy of the ultrasound image to the woman; and
(4) Make audible the live, real-time heart auscultation, when present, for the pregnant woman to hear, in a quality consistent with current medical practice, and provide, in a manner understandable to a layperson, a simultaneous verbal explanation of the live, real-time heart auscultation. In other words, they aren't going to force you to look at the image. It's just that if you don't, they will ensure that every last detail is described to the pregnant woman and that she is forced to listen to a heartbeat instead.
No word on whether women will be prohibited from plugging their ears to avoid being aurally traumatized. (After all, in connection with Pennsylvania's failed ultrasound bill, Governor Corbett helpfully noted that women could just close their eyes to avoid viewing an ultrasound, because that's the kind of guy he is.)
And just in case you think that these ultrasound bills aren't a big deal, read Carolyn Jones's story, which was published last year in the Texas Observer, and think again.
[via RH Reality Check]
WASHINGTON (AP) — A festival featuring workshops, storytelling and performances including concerts with bands such as Public Enemy and The Roots will celebrate the opening of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture this month.
The Smithsonian announced Wednesday that the three-day festival, “Freedom Sounds: A Community Celebration,” on the Washington Monument grounds kicks off Friday, Sept. 23.
There will be music and dance performances, spoken word, oral-history activities and two evening concerts. The festival will highlight music traditions such as jazz, R&B, gospel, folk, classical, New Orleans brass band, Afro-Latin jazz and hip-hop.
The lineup for Saturday evening's concert includes Living Colour, Public Enemy and The Roots. On Sunday evening, the lineup includes singer-songwriter Meshell Ndegeocello and Washington, D.C.-based go-go band Experience Unlimited.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
UPDATE: The final copy of this eBook has been released and is now available for download at the following link locations:
----------
This week, we have released a new FREE preview e-Book for IT professionals: Introducing Windows 8 - An Overview for IT Professionals. Now that Windows 8 is generally available, this book is a great way to get quickly up-to-speed on all the new improvements in this latest Windows release. In addition to a re-imagined user interface that provides an immersive experience across touch, pen, keyboard and mouse inputs, Windows 8 also includes significant updates across hardware support, management, security, networking, storage, virtualization, deployment, and recovery - all areas that are critically important to IT Pros!
In this 147-page eBook, you'll find 11 chapters of detailed technical content covering the following key improvements for supporting PCs with Windows 8:
Inside This eBook ..
Hardware Innovations
Touch; Long battery life; Thiner, lighter, faster; Sensors and security; New Form Factors
Touch; Long battery life; Thiner, lighter, faster; Sensors and security; New Form Factors Experiencing Windows 8
Walk-through the new UI and key improvements to Task Manager and File Explorer.
Walk-through the new UI and key improvements to Task Manager and File Explorer. Customizing and Configuring Windows 8
Profile customization, Tile configuration, PC Settings, Redesigned NTFS
Networking Enhancements
BranchCache, DirectAccess, Mobile broadband, IPv6
BranchCache, DirectAccess, Mobile broadband, IPv6 Deploying Windows 8
Windows 8 SKUs, Application Compatibility, User State Migration, Deployment and Imaging, Windows PE, Volume Activation Management Tool, Windows-to-Go
Windows 8 SKUs, Application Compatibility, User State Migration, Deployment and Imaging, Windows PE, Volume Activation Management Tool, Windows-to-Go Delivering Windows Apps
Windows app lifecycle, Distributing via Windows Store, Distributing with an Enterprise
Windows app lifecycle, Distributing via Windows Store, Distributing with an Enterprise Windows 8 Recovery
File History, Refresh and Reset, Windows Recovery Environment, DaRT, Advanced Options
File History, Refresh and Reset, Windows Recovery Environment, DaRT, Advanced Options Windows 8 Management
PowerShell 3.0, Group Policy Improvements, System Center 2012 Configuration Manager, Windows Intune
PowerShell 3.0, Group Policy Improvements, System Center 2012 Configuration Manager, Windows Intune Windows 8 Security
Secure boot, SmartScreen, Vulnerability mitigation and sandboxing, BitLocker, Virtual smart cards, Dynamic Access Control
Secure boot, SmartScreen, Vulnerability mitigation and sandboxing, BitLocker, Virtual smart cards, Dynamic Access Control Internet Explorer 10
New features, Group Policies for IE 10
New features, Group Policies for IE 10 Windows 8 Virtualization
Client Hyper-V, Virtual Desktop Infrastructure, Application virtualization, User state virtualization
Get this 147-Page eBook for Just a Tweet! We're making this eBook available as a free downloadable resource, but we need your help promoting this resource broadly across the IT Pro community. Click the button to post a short Tweet about this useful resource, and you'll automatically receive a direct link to download this eBook immediately afterwards. Don't worry!
This process is safe, and you'll be able to
customize your Tweet before posting!
Don't have a Twitter Account?
The IT Pro technical community has embraced Twitter and other social media networks as THE way to quickly share technical resources. If you don't currently have a Twitter account, I'd recommend getting your FREE account setup here and then Follow Me for future IT news and technical resources.
Still not convinced? 😉
If you're connected on LinkedIn, feel free to connect with me and request your copy of this eBook. If not, just email me directly and request your eBook. Either way, I'll be happy to respond back with a direct download link for you!
Start Your Journey!
Once you start reading this FREE eBook, you'll need these additional resources and tools on your journey in exploring the "Better Together" features of Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012.
Download the Windows 8 Enterprise installation bits
Build your Lab with Windows Server 2012 and Windows 8
Join the Windows Server 2012 "Early Experts" Challenge - a free online peer study group
Is this useful?
Feel free to post comments below to let us know if these resources are useful to you …if so, we'll work to provide more in the future as well!
Keith
Lawyers for seven men allegedly shot during a protest against a Canadian-owned mine in Guatemala were in court Tuesday attempting to overturn a decision staying their lawsuit in B.C.
In November 2015, B.C. Supreme Court Justice Laura Gerow agreed with lawyers for Tahoe Resources Ltd. — a Vancouver-register mining company — that the case would be better heard in the Central American country.
The plaintiffs, all Guatemalan citizens, had sued the company for damages, claiming they were shot by mine security personnel on April 27, 2013 on a road outside the high-grade silver, gold, lead and zinc mine in southeast Guatemala.
They argued that the case should be heard in a Canadian court because they lacked faith in the Guatemalan legal system to hold the company accountable.
But the judge found that Guatemala was clearly the more appropriate forum for the determination of the issues in dispute and stayed the legal action.
The plaintiffs launched an appeal of Gerow's decision and on Tuesday their lawyers appeared before a three-judge panel of the B.C. Court of Appeal in Vancouver.
Joe Fiorante, a lawyer for the plaintiffs, said that the shooting was deliberate and calculated to suppress local opposition to the mine.
“The plaintiffs seek justice in the courts in British Columbia against Tahoe, the owners of the mine, because they face barriers to justice in Guatemala,” Fiorante told the panel.
“The Guatemalan judicial system is weak and lacks judicial independence, resulting in a problem of deep-seated impunity for powerful actors.”
The plaintiff's lawyer told the panel that Gerow had incorrectly put the plaintiffs to the test of showing that justice could never be done in Guatemala.
“The correct test is whether the evidence discloses a real risk of an unfair trial process in the foreign court.”
Fiorante quoted from wiretap intercepts of Alberto Rotondo, the mine's security manager. The wiretaps were captured by Guatemalan authorities, who subsequently arrested Rotondo.
Rotondo, a retired captain in the Peruvian navy alleged to have special training in psychological operations and counter-terrorism, is heard boasting about the shooting incident.
Fiorante argued that the circumstances in the case had changed “dramatically” since the hearing before Gerow, with Rotondo escaping house arrest in Guatemala and returning to his home in Peru.
He said the criminal prosecution against Rotondo, which might have resulted in civil damages being awarded in addition to any criminal penalty, had been suspended and he sought to have the evidence about Rotondo's new circumstances included in the panel's consideration.
But Peter Reardon, a lawyer for Tahoe, opposed the introduction of the fresh evidence about Rotondo, noting that an arrest warrant had been issued for the security manager and that Guatemala had launched extradition proceedings against him.
Reardon told the panel that criminal proceedings against Rotondo are ongoing and there is no evidence he can't be tried in absentia.
The company's lawyer said that Gerow had set out the proper legal framework and had considered all of the relevant factors she needed to consider in reaching her decision.
The actions complained of by the plaintiffs took place in Guatemala and the judge found that virtually all of the evidence was in Guatemala, or in Reno, Nevada, where the company's operations are based, said Reardon.
kfraser@postmedia.com
twitter.com/keithrfraser
