Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey decided to ban alt-right personality Baked Alaska on Wednesday and removed “verification” check marks from Richard Spencer, James Allsup, Jason Kessler, “Wife With A Purpose,” Tommy Robinson, Laura Loomer and other right-wing personalities, ostensibly for “promoting hate.”
Dorsey's “Twitter Support” account tweeted last week: “Verification was meant to authenticate identity & voice but it is interpreted as an endorsement or an indicator of importance. We recognize that we have created this confusion and need to resolve it. We have paused all general verifications while we work and will report back soon.”
Verification was meant to authenticate identity & voice but it is interpreted as an endorsement or an indicator of importance. We recognize that we have created this confusion and need to resolve it. We have paused all general verifications while we work and will report back soon — Twitter Support (@TwitterSupport) November 9, 2017
Dorsey confirmed from his personal account they're working to “fix” the problem (which they made up).
We should've communicated faster on this (yesterday): our agents have been following our verification policy correctly, but we realized some time ago the system is broken and needs to be reconsidered. And we failed by not doing anything about it. Working now to fix faster. https://t.co/wVbfYJntHj — jack (@jack) November 9, 2017
Twitter said they're going to pull verification check marks from anyone they deem to be “promoting hate,” whether on or off their platform.
Twitter now says verified users can have status revoked based on the content of their tweets, including “promoting hate" pic.twitter.com/XbhZp9dhnD — Jon Passantino (@passantino) November 15, 2017
https://twitter.com/RichardBSpencer/status/930939544941285378
https://twitter.com/TRobinsonNewEra/status/930932431431008256
Twitter just emailed me to tell me they are removing my "verified badge" because they claim my account "doesn't comply with Twitter's guidelines for verified accounts." Translation: I'm a conservative. pic.twitter.com/F1AsxWI6Fm — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) November 15, 2017
https://twitter.com/apurposefulwife/status/930978446553092096
https://twitter.com/realJamesAllsup/status/930941979092856832
Twitter has changed their verification policy just to be able to censor me. Several other accounts were unverified including Richard Spencer and James Allsup while Baked Alaska was permanently suspended altogether. pic.twitter.com/PO1QnJC2C6 — Jason Kessler (@TheMadDimension) November 15, 2017
For some reason, all these leftists promoting hatred against white people have not been deverified:
Fuck it. Kill all white people. Kill em all. If it means no more Paul Ryan I'm willing to go. I'm ready. ITS WORTH IT. — Katharine Towne (@KatharineTowne) October 12, 2012
“White people don't steal wallets.” They steal countries. #FaceValueBET — Official Wanda Sykes (@iamwandasykes) November 16, 2017
A year ago today, a racist apricot-hued asshole scammed his way to the White House thanks to a self-righteous FBI director, a superficial media, a foreign nation adept at catfishing on a budget, and mostly, fragile white people in need of an ego boost. Fuck all of them forever. — Michael Arceneaux (@youngsinick) November 8, 2017
I'll admit it. I hate white people. — Jonathan Zaslow (@ZaslowShow) June 1, 2016
as much as I hate white people I don't think "Guap" was white — Moshe Kasher (@moshekasher) June 23, 2016
this film, and The Big Chill, is the reason I hate white people. — Kelly Dwyer (@KDonhoops) July 2, 2016
I hate white people — OpTic Lethul (@LxthuL) July 4, 2016
yes I am racist! I hate white people! — Andy Cohen (@Andy) December 14, 2016
this why I hate white people — Brennen Taylor (@BrennenTaylor) March 6, 2017
I tried but I hate white people too much. #whitegenocide — Daniel Hoffmann-Gill (@danielh_g) June 20, 2017
fuck white women. — Jillian (@jilliancyork) March 13, 2017
I hate this article and I hate white people pic.twitter.com/mwQf0DHgQ1 — Elizabeth Sampat (@twoscooters) May 10, 2017
https://twitter.com/IAmTehran/status/918472992715259904
Need further proof that so-called “white” people suck by a disproportionate percentage? https://t.co/bZGbm7Kymd — Max Borenstein (@MAXBORENSTEIN) October 18, 2017
In fairness, after reading this headline, I hate white people https://t.co/94i27PC5xF — Jess Dweck (@TheDweck) October 24, 2017
The underlying ecosystem of dingbat white people identity politics makes the whole machine possible. — Matthew Yglesias (@mattyglesias) July 15, 2017
Fuck white people and their fucking guns and their bullshit gun culture and all of it. Goddammit. — Megan Romer (@meganromer) July 24, 2015
Keith Olbermann, who does nothing but “promote hate,” is also still verified.
Twitter suspends influential conservative Trump supporter @bakedalaska for no apparent reason yet @KeithOlbermann still has an account and is in clear violation of Twitter TOS. pic.twitter.com/PK7NE32G1s — Mike Tokes (@MikeTokes) November 15, 2017
CUNY Professor Jessie Daniels, who said anyone “reproducing white children” is “part of the problem” of “white supremacy” is still verified.
Drexel professor George Ciccariello-Maher, who said he wants “white genocide for Christmas” and said the genocide of white people during the Haitian revolution “was a good thing indeed” is also still verified.
Jack Dorsey's hypocritical censorship standards were exposed last year:
The leader stepped to the podium of the United Nations General Assembly, as close to a literal world stage as exists, and issued a stringent defense of the principle of national sovereignty.
“What is the state sovereignty, after all, that has been mentioned by our colleagues here? It is basically about freedom and the right to choose freely one's own future for every person, nation and state,” he said, attacking what he identified as the hypocrisy of those who seek to violate sovereignty in the name of stopping mass murder.
“Aggressive foreign interference,” the leader continued, “has resulted in a brazen destruction of national institutions and the lifestyle itself. Instead of the triumph of democracy and progress, we got violence, poverty and social disaster.”
The leader was not Donald Trump on Tuesday, but Vladimir Putin in 2015. Whatever nexus between Putin and Trump exists for Robert Mueller to discover, the evidence of their compatible visions of foreign affairs was on display at the United Nations clearer than ever, with Trump's aggressive incantation of “sovereignty, security and prosperity” as the path to world peace. “There can be no substitute for strong, sovereign, and independent nations, nations that are rooted in the histories and invested in their destiny,” Trump said, hitting his familiar blood-and-soil themes that echo from the darker moments in European history.
Their two speeches are stylistically different. Putin's metier is to meld contempt for western powers with unstated but obvious threats. Nothing about Trump will ever be understated. He threatened North Korea with nuclear annihilation – leaving aside that a war will engulf South Korea, Japan, Guam and perhaps China as well – and looked forward to the end of the Islamic Republic of Iran, the only real substantive difference he has with Putin.
Sovereignty is not a point prior American presidents have pressed. When global leaders invoke sovereignty, they usually mean that no one possesses the right to oppose what they unleash within their borders. American presidents typically tailor their speeches at the UN to counterbalance a due respect for national sovereignty with calls for collective action against genocide, terrorism, disease, poverty, and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
But now, Putin finally has an American president who considers national sovereignty as the end of the discussion, or at least in the cases where it serves their purposes. Trump's call for a “respect for law, a respect for borders, a respect for culture” sounds unobjectionable – until it becomes clear that Iran, Cuba, Venezuela, and North Korea will enjoy no such respect from Washington for their own sovereignty. Much as Putin said in 2015 that Russia recognizes “the fact that we can no longer tolerate the current state of affairs in the world,” Trump's conception of sovereignty is inevitably reserves the U.S. the right to impose its will.
The speech will be remembered for Trump's threat that absent nuclear disarmament, “we will have no choice but to totally destroy North Korea.” Trump suggested allied nations were “bystanders to history,” complicating South Korean president Moon Jae-in's assurance last month that the U.S. would seek South Korean approval before an attack on Pyongyang.
As much as Trump insisted that his foreign policy privileges “outcomes, not ideology,” thus far, Trump's choice to match Kim Jong-un's rhetoric in kind has resulted in North Korean defiance, most recently with the country's sixth nuclear test, something Trump had insisted “won't happen.”
“By targeting the entire country instead of the regime, [Trump] could allow Kim Jong-un to tell his elites ‘we're all in this together,'” warned Abe Denmark, the Obama administration's top Pentagon policy official for Asia. Denmark wonders what the U.S. is actually doing to deter North Korea when U.N. Ambassador “Nikki Haley expressed a lot of frustration with piecemeal international sanctions with questionable enforcement and then negotiated piecemeal international sanctions with questionable enforcement.”
Next on Trump's enemies list is Iran. While U.S. allies in Europe, as well as Russia and China, consider the 2015 nuclear accord a success, removing Iran's paths to a nuclear weapon for at least a decade, Trump called it an “embarrassment” that gives the U.S. “nothing in return.” Trump stopped short of pulling out of the deal, but ahead of an October deadline for the U.S. to recertify it, he suggested that, “believe me,” he still might. That is a path too far for Russia, which defends the Iran deal even as Russia pockets American acquiescence to its defense of Syria's Bashar Assad, a mutual client with Iran.
Significant as well was what Trump didn't say. Venezuela came in for vastly more criticism than Russia, which is at work undermining western democratic elections. Keeping with his pattern, Trump muted his rebuke of Russia with a subliminal swipe at violations of sovereignty “from Ukraine to the South China Sea,” a shot at China, despite the aid Trump seeks from Beijing on North Korea. Iran is the wellspring of global terrorism, but Saudi Arabia stands in “stark contrast,” Trump said, sidestepping its decades-long exportation of extremism.
Usually, the bellicose rants delivered by world leaders at the United Nations have come from America's adversaries or those who seek to overturn an established order. Think Nikita Khrushchev banging his shoe in response to an accusation of Soviet imperialism, or Yasser Arafat declaring he held an olive branch in one hand and a freedom fighter's gun in the other, or Moammar Gadhafi calling the Security Council the “terror council.”
But Trump has made clear that during his tenure, the bellicose rants and defenses of impunity will come from the United States. To a world shaken with alarm over the rise of Donald Trump, Trump offered no reassurance and maximal threats. It was a worthy successor to Trump's “American Carnage” inaugural address, providing perhaps the most robust picture Trump has given of what #MAGA looks like on the world stage.
Putin might consider all that cruder than he'd put it, but he is the speech's major beneficiary. Trump's talk of wiping out an entire nation serves to undermine what remains of America's moral standing. Trump's vision of an America that does less abroad – aside from issue apocalyptic threats – and tolerates more is one that removes obstacles to a resurgent, aggressive Russia. A test case on Iran, the remaining point of departure between Moscow and Washington, remains. Beyond that, Putin can recognize Trump's template and applaud its translation into English.
A conversation with the Danish actor behind Jaime Lannister about his favorite team (Leeds United) (huh?) and how Game of Thrones will end.
Winter recently arrived in Westeros, but it was rain that hit Williamsburg last week just as Nikolaj Coster-Waldau arrived in Brooklyn for the United Nations Development Programme's Global Goals World Cup.
While money, power and sex (with his sister) are primary motivators for Coster-Waldau's lovably despicable character Jaime Lannister on Game Of Thrones, in real life Coster-Waldau is obsessed with soccer, specifically the English football club Leeds United. And as a Goodwill Ambassador for the UNDP since last year, Coster-Waldau uses soccer to try and bring attention to issues such as poverty and climate action. Recently he spent the afternoon in Williamsburg refereeing five-a-side matches between teams of women from around the world, each of which were advocating for specific development agendas.
Jaime Lannister generally gets whatever he wants, but as Coster-Waldau has discovered, being in charge on the soccer pitch doesn't always command as much respect.
GQ: So I know you're a huge soccer fan. Does having to referee games make you nervous?
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau: [Laughs] No. The last thing I did with the UNDP was I refereed in Kenya, at a tournament in Nairobi. And I realized very quickly that the rules just go out the window. I was trying to be in control, but it was just mayhem.
Did you issue any red cards?
No, a couple of times I blew my whistle but they all just kept playing. So I just said, “Go on!” But what's the important thing about this, of course, is that it's such a great game, and I really like the idea behind the Global Goals World Cup. Soccer is the biggest sport in the world, of course, and it doesn't matter where you're from, your economic background, you can just unite around the game. So we use that, and then we say, okay, let's focus on the women, and see if we can use this thing to talk about some issues but have fun at the same time.
Speaking of issues, what is the Polish Meltdown?
Oh, did you see it?
Yes, but I couldn't figure out exactly what I was watching.
It was for a comedy gala in Denmark. The idea, of course, was to make fun of the celebrities who want to save the world, like I'm doing now as a UNDP Goodwill Ambassador. [In the video] we're all three actors in Denmark and well known, and we want to talk about climate change, but we got it wrong. I saw in the comments that most of the people thought it was funny, but then there are people who were like, “You shouldn't make fun of this, man! It's too serious!” Which is obviously why you should make fun of it, in my opinion.
Of all the clubs out there, how did a guy from Denmark become a Leeds United supporter?
They're playing right now, actually, at Burnley, in the cup, against of course Chris Wood, who they just sold to Burnley. Not that I follow it at all. [Laughs] Anyway, my friend Joe is to blame. Joe was dating my sister when I was 17. We became friends and he took me to Elland Road, and I thought it was fantastic. They had some good years, and then it all went pear-shaped. But now it's good. We've had a great start to the season.
You guys are in first place, right?
Yeah! New manager, new owner, who bought the stadium back. He's doing all the right moves, and it's really exciting.
Is part of the success because the new manager is Danish?
Absolutely! That's crucial! Well, actually he's Spanish-Danish. It's very interesting to watch them play, not that I'm biased. His whole education was in Barcelona—he went through the youth program and then he played there. So you can see his mentality is the possession game.
Yeah, holding possession, and he's been very smart with the players they've bought. So it's exciting. But who do you support? Do you support anyone?
Well, many years ago I got to know the goalkeeper for the local MLS team, Tim Howard, and then all of a sudden he signed with Manchester United. So I had a good reason to support Manchester United, and I stuck with them.
Well, that's a great team!
I feel like it's good to have one team in your life that you know has a lot of money and is always going to be relatively good. Because all the other teams I cheer for in other sports are kind of up and down.
Listen, it's a tough one. I've got a fantasy football team, and it's interesting because I'm in the Leeds United Trust Cup. I'm very proud of this, and this is not going to last… [pulls phone out of pocket, launches an app]... But since you asked, which you didn't but I'm going to bring it up anyway… [shows me screen, which looks like some sort of rankings] So we have the Cup here, and at the very top, you've got me [points to the first place team, which says “Nikolaj Coster-Waldau”]. Looks how many players! [scrolls down to show dozens of people behind him in the rankings] Look at that! These are all hardcore Leeds supporters, right? You're not going to find a lot of Man United players on these teams. And I have three Man United players on my team. They've had such an insane start to the season, and they've just given me so many points. It's a thing of beauty.
I saw the old Comic-Con clip where you said your sword fighting teacher was named Dave Hockaday, who at the time was the Leeds manager, and nobody noticed. Which was amazing.
[Laughs] That was great! At the time, the poor guy—I mean, I don't know Dave Hockaday, but he was such an odd choice to be the Leeds manager. Suddenly he was the manager of a major club going through some really shitty times, with not the greatest owner. He was getting so much bad press, and my friend Joe said, “Can you just mention him? That will be a fun story.” I think it took like an hour and it was already on his Wikipedia page.
The funniest part of the video is when you mention his name, the cast members sitting next you all just look on straight-faced.
They have no idea, no idea.
I mean, you could have a sword trainer named Dave Hockaday.
Why not? That's what you do.
Do you think they play sports in Westeros? You never really see people there do anything other than fighting or talking.
Nothing fun. Everything serves a purpose. I think that they should introduce that. Maybe that's going to happen in the last season. I'm going to try and get something in. That, and then I have to get this moment in, for Leeds. [He taps a fist to his chest, which is known as the Leeds United salute.] Maybe Jaime can do that. I have to make sure it makes it in. It's going to be difficult because we're shooting in England, and everyone in the crew would understand. But I think Dan and David wouldn't understand, so maybe it could slip through the edit.
Which Game of Thrones character would be the best soccer player?
Well, it's Jaime Lannister.
You couldn't play goalkeeper, though.
That's true. But look, he could probably really smack someone down while going for a ball in the box.
I was thinking maybe John Snow, because he probably has a low center of gravity.
Yeah, he would probably be really good.
Didn't a bunch of the casts go to a Barcelona match together?
Yeah, that was in Seville. And I was gonna kill Daenerys and… I mean, Emilia (Clarke) and Peter Dinklage. [laughs] They weren't that impressed with the Barcelona thing. We were going to meet the players. We were waiting after the game and there were a lot of fans there and it was hectic and it was getting a little crazy. And the players were going to shower and then we were going to meet Messi! And Neymar! Come on, that's pretty cool! But then suddenly it was like, “Okay, we have to go now.” And I was like, are you kidding me!? I mean, it was mayhem, and there was a lot of stress, so I understand. But I was a little disappointed.
Last thing: Can you tell me how Game of Thrones ends?
Yes, that's simple: there will be a big singalong. No, what we will find out is that Tywin Lannister came back. He is the Night King, and I'll take my seat next to him on the ice throne. Yeah.
Watch Now:
Like just about everyone else, Khabib Nurmagomedov doesn't put much stock into the UFC's newfound habit of handing out interim belts like they're Halloween candy.
So if his rumored bout with Tony Ferguson at UFC 209 on March 4 in Las Vegas -- a perfectly fine No. 1 lightweight contender's fight all on its own for which the UFC is expected to crown an interim titleholder anyway -- comes to pass, he'll see it as a means to an end.
That end? A title fight for the real belt with newly crowned kingpin Conor McGregor.
“I want to beat Tony Ferguson, take the interim bullsh*t belt, and I will fight with Conor for real belt,” Nurmagomedov said on Monday's edition of The MMA Hour. “This is what I want to make in 2017.”
After demolishing Michael Johnson at UFC 205 at Madison Square Garden, just hours before McGregor clipped Eddie Alvarez to win the lightweight title, the 24-0 Nurmagomedov proclaimed he would only accept a title shot, nothing less.
But he also understands how the business works. And with McGregor sitting out while his girlfriend has their first child, he knows the bout with Ferguson, a tremendous matchup on paper, is the next best option.
“If the UFC would ask me about Conor, of course I would take this fight,” Nurmagomedov said. “He has the belt now. I want to take his belt. ... It's my belt. Everybody knows I deserve a title shot. But, Tony Ferguson is on nine win streak, he deserves [a chance] too.”
The UFC has reportedly been in talks to stage a card in Russia. Nurmagomedov, for his part, believes they could fill a soccer stadium in his homeland if a fight with McGregor was on the card. But he also believes the biggest-money show would be made in the USA.
“I think if I fight with Conor, UFC makes it New York or Vegas. Madison Square Garden or T-Mobile Arena, because these are two biggest arenas for pay-per-view shows,” he said. “Russia, not good for pay-per-view, Ireland, not good for pay-per-view. Here, everybody understands this sport and good fights, but number one, UFC is a business, they're in business to make money.
“But if you make this fight in Russia, Moscow, Sochi or maybe Dagestan, then maybe 100,000 [fans]. Why not? I fight in Russia, and I have to say, Conor is famous in Russia too. I think 100 percent we would sell all those tickets.”
Of course, McGregor didn't defend his featherweight belt after winning it, so Nurmagomedov won't hold his breath waiting for him to defend the lightweight belt, either. He pegged the chances of meeting McGregor this year at 50/50.
“I think 50/50. I think maybe he takes the fight at 170, if he loses at 170, he comes back to 155. He does this all the time. He never defends his belt. He never defended his belt in Cage Warriors, he never defends his belt in UFC, he's all the time playing games because he has good pay-per-view and that's why he has power in the UFC.”
I just went 2/9 on my weekend picks. This was after going 2/6 midweek.
It's not because I'm bad at picking games (though lord knows, I'm not good), but it's because the parity in MLS is just that hard to get a handle on these days. This is a league where players like Branko Boskovic and Chris Rolfe come off the bench, where Danny Koevermans goes from misfiring back to deadeye, and where a nine-point week is enough to vault you back into the playoff race.
Turns out the Galaxy aren't dead yet
Sorry, I know this is going to annoy a lot of you. It's always fun to try to shovel dirt on the champs – doubly so when it's a high-profile team.
But it turns out that was premature. LA just rattled off three straight wins, including two by shutout. It's too early to say they've returned to their 2011 form, but it's also clearly too late to take back all the nasty stuff we've said about them over the past couple of months.
One thing to bear in mind: David Beckham said it came down to being happy and loose in the locker room, and that it's cleared up only in the past couple of weeks. So whatever it was that was eating away at LA's commitment went away when Robbie Keane did. Will it return now that he has?
“Emergency Defender” proving a rock in Philly
Last week John Hackworth said that youngster Amobi Okugo would be playing in central defense for the time being as an emergency measure. If his first two games there are any indication, he may never get a chance to move back to the midfield.
Okugo is simply excellent when the game is being played in front of him, showing good anticipation and understanding of both when and how to play outlets to the midfield. He's also big and strong enough (6-foot, 170 pounds) to bully around in the box when it comes down to that.
Most importantly, though, he's just a better player when he doesn't have to have 360 degree awareness. This isn't unusual – d-mids tend to mature later than other players precisely because it's such a complex position.
But Philly already have two veterans (Brian Carroll and Gabriel Gomez) for that spot, and are paper-thin in defense. And the US… well, we know all about the plethora of defensive-minded central midfielders available to Jurgen Klinsmann.
There are, however, precious few young central defenders who've impressed on a game-to-game basis. Okugo's off to a good start in that regard. Let's hope he stays there, and we see a bit of him in the red, white and blue this January.
Why not build more Gordons?
Alan Gordon didn't just become a good soccer player overnight. He's always had a great passing eye, a good understanding of where to be in build-up play and a willingness to stick his nose in. Even if he's not a 90-minute player, he's still valuable. The past two months – and past two games especially – have been proof enough of that.
The thing is, though, that Gordon (and his teammate Steven Lenhart) were built by years of practice and occasional game time. Each of them took several years to get up to speed, and now the Quakes are reaping the rewards of both LA's and Columbus' hard work.
Which begs the question: Why don't more teams take on young guys like Gordon and Lenhart then groom them for that specific role? While combing through MLS rosters, the only ones I've seen who are really, truly doing that are Columbus (with Tom Heinemann and Aaron Schoenfeld), Houston (Cam Weaver and Colin Rolfe) and New England (Blake Brettschneider).
None of these guys are truly ready right now – though Brettschneider is close, and Heinemann would have gotten there this season if not for his injury – but in two years, all of these guys can be looked at as Gordon or Lenhart-types.
Or, if you want to go with the original model: Brian Ching-types.
So yeah, putting a guy like that – a true center forward – out there may not be what Vicente del Bosque would do. But no MLS team is going to have Xavi, Iniesta, Silva, Fabregas and Busquets to call on. If you're not Spain, chances are you'll need a target.
I'd want my team already hard at work making one.
Four new Personalization Packs for Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare will be available now for purchase on PlayStation Network and on PC.
Here are the new micro items that are available now on PlayStation Network (link here) and PC (here):
Standard Personalization Packs:
Backdraft Standard Personalization Pack – $1.99 – Enter every match with guns blazing thanks to the Backdraft Standard Personalization Pack. Unleash the heat with animated, liquid fuel-burning weapon camo, three fireproof reticules, a calling card, and an emblem item.
Psychedelic Standard Personalization Pack – $1.99 – Trip out your opponents with the Psychedelic Standard Personalization Pack, powered by an animated, shimmering weapon camo, three hallucinatory reticles, a calling card, and an emblem item.
Tiki Standard Personalization Pack – $1.99 – Become the mythical guardian of every capture point with the Tiki Standard Personalization Pack, complete with an animated, glowing weapon camo, three shipwrecked reticles, a calling card, and an emblem item.
Lagoon Standard Personalization Pack – $1.99 – Drown your competitors with the Lagoon Standard Personalization Pack, combining an animated, aquatic weapon camo, three watertight reticles, a calling card, and an emblem item.
All of these micro items are available now on Xbox Live, PSN, and PC. Stay tuned.
"
GS: Players such as Flash, Jaedong, Bisu, and Stork have been hinted, are any of those guys coming?
SD: The plan is had KeSPA fully represented in Anaheim, with each team represented. That's as much as I can give you.
"
"
I'd love to see Nestea and Flash face-off in a meaningful match, I think that'd be ****ing awesome. I think it'd be great. I'm going to try and make it happen sooner rather than later. Now, of course there are certain political components, and I don't know if you'll see that in South Korea anytime soon, but I think you could probably see it at our next event after Anaheim at the MLG Summer Championships or the fourth event later in the year.
"
"
GS: What happened with GomTV?
SD: You know, we grew really quickly and started making some money, wanted to do more, and the players came back saying nice things about us, and it's like…competition? Partnership? It's like, you're not gonna do it the way we want to so they went out and got a new partner, which is great, and I hope it continues to work. But I can't worry about that, we've got Anaheim coming up here in a couple weeks and they made this behind-the-scenes announcement that Up & Down matches would be at the same time. Well, all of the players chose us. I think that should tell you something.
"
"
I mean, they are a very serious organization in the way they operate, and that's gotten misinterpreted at times. There are other times when they've done things that have obviously not been as well received by the community as they may have liked, but that's shifted now, because it's global now. They own a very important part of this but we bring a very important part as well. It's a dynamic partnership in that regard. We're going to work on softening their image to the Western fans.
"
A few days ago, Rod Breslau, more commonly known as Slasher, spoke to MLG CEO Sundance DiGiovanni about the recent KeSPA/MLG Partnership, the current state of the StarCraft(SC2) pro scene and the the possibility of other partnerships. With the pending entry of SC2 in to the KeSPA season and current Brood War(BW) players making the switch over full time to SC2, there are many questions surrounding the upcoming StarLeauge season and MLG events for the rest of the year.Sundance was able to shed some light on to a few of those questions. Although we still don't know what BW Pro's will be at Spring Championship 2012, we are able to confirm that all the BW teams will have representation:One of the biggest signs of delivering possible dream matches for the fans of both BW and SC2, Sundance discussed the wanting to hold a major match that could be labeled as "The Clash of a God and Creator of the Universe":The interview was not with out its share of discussion of MLG's past partnership with GomTV:Sundance also spoke on the past issues that people have had with KeSPA and how he believes it was mainly misunderstandings:MLG Spring Championship will be the first chance we get to see the fruits of this partnership. The future is bright and a only time will tell just how far this can take not only KeSPA and MLG, but eSports as a whole. for the whole interview, you can visit GameSpot
It came during the heady days of a new relationship. Gareth Barry was the Evertonian Invincible, a man whose presence on the pitch provided immunity against defeat. He was both lucky mascot and James McCarthy's mentor. He was a theorist's dream, a player with the intelligence to implement Roberto Martinez's sophisticated tactics. He was a strolling indictment of Manuel Pellegrini, who exiled him unceremoniously from Manchester City and saw him excel elsewhere.
City's loss was Everton's gain. Martinez has a tendency to gush anyway, but a mention of Barry tended to make him coo. "Unique," one of the Spaniard's favourite adjectives, was deployed regularly, especially the suggestion that Barry was that rarity, an Englishman with a continental European's understanding of the holding role. Most remarkably, he argued Barry could have the best part of a decade left in his career.
"I think Gareth can play up to his 40s," he said. Barry was 32 then. He is 33 now. He has a contract that takes him past his 36th birthday. Its end looks a long way away, and that, for Everton, is a worrying sign. Martinez's logic was that, as Barry possessed a footballing brain and never relied on pace, he could have longevity. It made sense.
Yet now he is dangerously slow. Besides collecting cautions, the only thing Barry is doing quickly now is declining. In his debut season at Everton, while on loan from City, Barry represented much of what was right about the Merseysiders -- intelligent recruitment, tactical awareness, a possession game played with geometrical precision, the proof ageing players could be reinvented by an innovative manager -- but 12 months on, he is indicative of much that is wrong.
A revelation on loan at Everton a year ago, Gareth Barry's positive influence on the Toffees has vanished since his permanent arrival in the summer.
He did not lose a league game at all last season until Boxing Day; he has tasted defeat nine times already this term. Like Martinez's Everton, he is suffering from an acute case of second-season syndrome. Old and slow, he is emblematic of a team. A summer signing who is struggling, he is a microcosm of the ambitious transfer business that has reaped few rewards. Above all, a defensive midfielder is not protecting the defence. Only QPR have conceded more often than Everton.
If midfielders are rarely judged by the goals against column, perhaps Everton's should be exceptions. Martinez's full-backs are programmed to spend so much time going forward that the quartet of outfield players nearest their goal tend to include the two holding midfielders. Yet Barry has been unable to cover the ground required, especially when possession has been lost. Indeed, he coughed it up against Tottenham, dispossessed by Harry Kane when Roberto Soldado scored.
His deeper role makes tactical fouling more important to prevent counter-attacks when Leighton Baines and Seamus Coleman are stranded upfield. It is notable his disciplinary record has deteriorated at Goodison Park. He was booked 10 times last season and has eight yellow cards already this. He is fortunate that total is not higher.
There have been frequent flirtations with two in the space of one game -- he could have been dismissed within the first 10 minutes of September's Merseyside derby -- and there are times when it seems he has been saved by being Gareth Barry. His stolidity, the dullness that saw him mocked first by the Boring James Milner Twitter parody and then the real Milner in the space of a few weeks, seems to earn him the benefit of the doubt from referees.
More seriously, a recourse to fouling when isolated against an opponent is a shortcoming in a midfielder with destructive duties. It is notable how quickly influence in the Everton midfield has shifted. If Barry initially guided McCarthy through games, now the Ireland international is the indispensable one; his injury-enforced absences have exposed Barry's deficiencies. Many would welcome the selection of the more athletic Muhamed Besic alongside McCarthy when the hamstrung latter is finally fit again.
Everton Everton Manchester City 1 1 FT Game Details GameCast
Lineups and Stats
The energetic Bosnian may be especially useful against Barry's former club City on Saturday. As Barry discovered to his cost, Pellegrini has fondness for all-action midfielders; the one British veteran he appreciates is the ever productive Frank Lampard.
And over the course of a year, Barry has gone from a talismanic figure to an inauspicious presence. Everton have not won a league game with him in the side since October. Their last victory, against QPR, came with the youthful duo of Ross Barkley and Besic paired in the centre of midfield. Martinez reprised that selection at Hull on New Year's Day, but accommodated Barry by choosing him on the left of a back three; it was a role in which he made his name at Aston Villa, but one he has rarely occupied this millennium.
It was a disaster. Barry fouled Ahmed Elmohamady inside the penalty area -- a free kick was errantly awarded -- and collected a caution; once again, he diced with a second. Much as Martinez is eager to experiment tactically and is often an advocate of a three-man defence, it is hard to imagine Barry beginning in one again.
Yet it is notable that the Everton manager is reluctant to countenance naming a side without him. Barry's centrality in his plans was evident when, with skipper Phil Jagielka missing the Newcastle game, the veteran captained his side. Leighton Baines, an Evertonian, a longer-serving player and one who merits his place in the team, appeared a more deserving candidate. Instead left-back Baines, in yet more of Martinez's tactical tinkering, has spent at least some of the last two league games in midfield.
It hints at a recognition that last season's successful formula, a 4-2-3-1 based around Barry's capacity to anchor the midfield, isn't working. But a reunion with City indicates the sheer scale of change in Everton's fortunes. Then Pellegrini was being criticised for allowing Barry to leave. Now his pivotal role forms part of the case against Martinez.
Richard Jolly covers the Premier League and Champions League for ESPN FC. Twitter: @RichJolly.
The manager will continue to lead the national team after winning four points from a possible 12.
Gordon Strachan: Three competitive wins in almost two years. SNS
Gordon Strachan will remain as Scotland boss after the Scottish FA board gave their backing to the manager following a five-hour Hampden meeting, STV understands.
The 59-year-old's future came under increased scrutiny in the wake of the 3-0 defeat to England at Wembley, which has left the country's chances of ending their exile from a major tournament hanging by a thread.
STV understands all eight Scottish FA board members were present at the national stadium on Thursday to discuss the manager's position and they decided he should remain in charge for the remainder of the qualifying campaign.
Scotland have taken four points from a possible 12 in this campaign and have only won three of their last 10 competitive matches, two of which came against minnows Gibraltar.
In a statement, Scottish FA chief executive Stewart Regan said: "The board have considered the team's performance since the start of the campaign and subsequently discussed the disappointing points total after four matches.
"Gordon shared the disappointment of the board and, of course, the fans. He is adamant, however, that we can recover the position and believes a play-off place still to be attainable.
"The board are convinced that he still has the hunger for this challenge and we have four home qualifiers in 2017 to rejuvenate our campaign.
"We support Gordon unanimously in improving our qualification prospects."
On Thursday, Strachan's assistant Mark McGhee said he'd be "amazed" if his friend and colleague quit his position.
The national team boss has also received backing from several figures including former Scotland boss Walter Smith.
Strachan told the Scottish FA's website that he believes qualification is still achievable.
He added: "We were all extremely disappointed with the result on Friday night but having reflected on our performance, I still believe we can get ourselves back into contention in the group.
"There are still 18 points to play for and the players, the staff and I, as in previous games, will give everything we have to turn things around.
"I have said consistently that our fans deserve success and a return to a major tournament finals.
"Although we have had a difficult start to the campaign, I firmly believe that this group of players, together with our supporters, can maximise our chances of a play-off place, starting with the home match against Slovenia in March."
After failing to reach Euro 2016, the former Celtic manager signed a new two-year deal to remain at the helm with Strachan saying the rousing reception he received against Gibraltar was a factor in taking on the challenge of the World Cup qualifiers.
Performances and results deteriorated over a sustained period, however, with the exception of the opening 5-1 win over Malta.
A late James McArthur goal salvaged a 1-1 draw at home to Lithuania before the Scots were comprehensively beaten 3-0 in both Slovakia and England.
Now he will focus on the six remaining qualifiers in 2017 as he attempts to breathe new life into Scotland's bid to reach Russia.
Download: The STV News app is Scotland's favourite and is available for iPhone from the App store and for Android from Google Play. Download it today and continue to enjoy STV News wherever you are.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part One, directed by Francis Lawrence, 2014.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay, Scholastic Press, 2010.
Mockingjay - Part One is an uncomfortable movie. I suspect this is why it has not been greeted with the praise that was heaped on The Hunger Games and Catching Fire. But I'm glad this first part of Mockingjay isn't comfortable. It's not supposed to be.
As Mockingjay opens, Katniss Everdeen has been rescued from her second appearance in the vicious Hunger Games — where the children of formerly rebellious districts battle to the death to entertain the pampered citizens of the tyrannical Capitol — and is being sheltered by the residents of District 13. Formerly an area that specialized in nuclear technology and military weaponry, District 13 is the only district in Katniss's country of Panem that can hope to have the wherewithal to overthrow the Capitol's control.
Katniss, as the winner of one Hunger Games and the destroyer of the arena where the even more vicious “Quarter Quell” Hunger Games took place, is a potent symbol of survival and resistance. Peeta Mellark — her friend and co-competitor — is another.
Much of the plot of this first of two Mockingjay movies focuses on the machinations the two sides in the battle for Panem engage in to use Katniss and Peeta as symbols for their sides. Katniss, who had been forced to do endless public appearances as part of the publicity for the Hunger Games, is blunt about her lack of enthusiasm for this role.
What they want is for me to truly take on the role they designed for me. The symbol of the revolution. The Mockingjay. It isn't enough, what I've done in the past, defying the Capitol in the Games, providing a rallying point. I must now become the actual leader, the fact, the voice, the embodiment of the revolution.…They have a whole team of people to make me over, dress me, write my speeches, orchestrate my appearances — as if that doesn't sound horribly familiar — and all I have to do is play my part.
Katniss is, quite simply, tired of being used.
That exhaustion runs through the novel and was, for me, convincingly portrayed in the film. Watching Katniss be primped and dressed, yet again, to appear before the public and mouth unconvincing sentiments written for her by others; watching Katniss, yet again, realize that the survival of her family and her friends turns on her ability to persuade the people in charge of her that she is really trying her best to sell herself — we're exhausted just watching.
But I think Mockingjay should make us more than just worn out. I think that if we're watching carefully, it should make us very, very nervous as well.
I want to avoid potentially spoiling the second Mockingjay movie for those who haven't read all the novels. So I shall just mention a few things that struck me, watching the film this week.
Did you notice how the leader of District 13, President Coin, first appeared as an administrator, reluctant to “use up all the air in the room” by giving long and flashy speeches? Did you notice that by the end of the film, she appeared to thoroughly enjoy her time on the balcony, to extend it, and to lengthen and elaborate her speeches? Did you notice her insistence on bringing Katniss out onto the balcony with her? Did you think, then, about Lord Acton's warnings about the inevitable corruption that comes with power?
Did you notice that during the air raid, Plutarch Heavensbee — former game designer of the Hunger Games — sat beside President Coin while she ordered the oxygen in the District 13 bunkers to be cut to 14 percent? Did you remember, then, the way that Heavensbee ordered various torments added to the Hunger Games — poison gases, dangerous predators, fires, and floods — in order to produce a more interesting spectacle?
Did you notice how awkward it was, knowing Katniss's whole history, to applaud and cheer for what should be a very sympathetic Hollywood-style band of brave rebels as they held up Katniss and her fellow shell-shocked competitors as little more than battle flags?
Did Mockingjay make you a little uncomfortable?
It should have.
And if the second film follows the plot of the novel, things are only going to get more uncomfortable from here on out.
When the lives of individuals are used as symbols for the purposes of politics, no one wins but the politicians. For those waiting to see the second half of Mockingjay, the question is whether everything that is human in Katniss — her love for her sister, her confused affections for Peeta and Gale Hawthorne, her complex friendships with people like Effie Trinket and Haymitch Abernathy — will be subsumed into the contested symbol of the Mockingjay. Or will Katniss be able to find a way, for one last time, to thwart those who want to use her as part of a bloody spectacle?
President Donald Trump spoke to the leaders of Thailand and Singapore Sunday in separate phone calls about the rising security concerns in the Asia-Pacific region and invited both prime ministers to the White House to further strengthen ties between the U.S. and their countries, the White House said in two statements.
Trump and Thailand Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha discussed their mutual desire for "peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region," a White House readout said.
Trump and Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong of Singapore “affirmed the deep and longstanding relationship between Singapore and the United States,” a statement from Singapore's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said.
The White House issued a statement saying Trump's invitation to Lee was extended to "further strengthen ties," noting that the partnership between the U.S. and Singapore is "marked by thriving trade and investment, robust security cooperation, and close collaboration on regional and global challenges."
Trump and Prayut also "expressed a strong shared interest in strengthening the trade and economic ties between the two countries."
The invitation comes amid heightened tension between the U.S. and North Korea over North Korea's missile and nuclear programs. Trump is attempting to rein in North Korean leader Kim Jong-un but so far has been unsuccessful as North Korea test-fired another missile Saturday and has touted its progress in developing an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of reaching the continental United States.
The HVAC company Carrier has announced even more layoffs in Indiana, exposing once again how Donald Trump and Mike Pence's $7 million bribe to the company screwed employees and taxpayers.
There are few better examples of how much of a snake oil salesman Donald Trump is than the latest news of even more layoffs at Carrier.
The company just announced that over 200 employees will lose their jobs at the Indianapolis plant in January. That follows Carrier's decision earlier in the year to fire 300 workers at the same facility.
Carrier has been able to do this because Trump and then-Gov. Mike Pence put together a $7 million bribe to the company.
Before being sworn in to the presidency and vice presidency, the two put together a sweetheart deal of tax cuts to induce Carrier to keep jobs in Indiana, where Pence was governor. After negotiating the deal, Trump patted himself on the back and claimed he had saved jobs that would be shipped overseas.
But Trump and Pence did not secure any agreement that would require Carrier to keep those jobs. Instead, they negotiated away revenue from the people of Indiana in exchange for a few days of headlines. The mainstream press unfortunately played along with Trump's game, and Carrier has now shown how much it played Trump and Pence for absolute suckers.
The entire deal, playing out over the first year of Trump's presidency, has been a microcosm of his fraudulent approach to governing.
Trump loves to announce great “deals,” garnering headlines from the media — which is far too quick to quote his lies and deceptions in their headlines. Soon after the announcement, the claims are investigated, and almost immediately, it becomes clear that Trump has lied again. So often the “deal” was long in place, or in the case of Carrier, never existed.
Trump banks on riding the positive wave of the initial announcement from his little dog and pony shows, while moving along when the disappointing aftermath is uncovered. That might work when he was slapping his brand name on buildings owned by others or promoting his reality TV show, but the presidency is different.
What is at stake is more than just headlines designed to boost his already inflated ego. It's human lives and livelihoods. The Carrier employees in Indiana are not just a backdrop on the stage where Trump and Pence are selling a song and dance. They are real Americans who will have to deal with the fallout of Trump's foolishness.
The taxpayers of Indiana will also have to deal with the fallout of their former governor carving out millions of dollars in tax revenue in exchange for layoffs that will take more money out of the state economy.
It is the sort of nonsense that America has begun rejecting, both in opinion polling where Trump is scraping the bottom of the barrel, and at the ballot box, where Trump Republicans are losing big time.
The mask has been ripped off. Carrier was the canary in the coal mine, and the Trump/Pence show has been exposed.
Thousands line the streets to catch a glimpse of Pope Francis in his motorcade as drives by, aboard his Popemobile, a Jeep Wrangler, in Quito, Ecuador (Photo11: Dolores Ochoa, AP)
VATICAN CITY — Pope Francis will show his rugged side when he greets the faithful from a specially outfitted Jeep Wrangler during his upcoming U.S. visit.
The Vatican on Friday confirmed that Pope Francis will be ferried about in a Jeep Wrangler similar to the one used in Ecuador in July.
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, maker of Jeep, is not disclosing the configuration of the popemobile, and the Vatican said it is already in the hands of the Secret Service and won't be on view before the pope's Sept. 22 to 27 U.S. visit. Fiat Chrysler has strong ties to Italy, where Fiat and some of its luxury brands are made.
The white Wrangler used by the pope in Ecuador had a glass-front roof with open sides, allowing the popular pontiff greater proximity to his flock than popemobiles of the past, which were typically closed, bullet-proof affairs.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1EbmYvG
Capital punishment is a legal penalty in Saudi Arabia. The country performed at least 158 executions in 2015,[1] at least 154 executions in 2016,[2] and at least 146 executions in 2017.[3] Death sentences in Saudi Arabia are pronounced almost exclusively based on the system of judicial sentencing discretion (tazir) rather than Sharia-prescribed (hudud) punishments, following the classical principle that hudud penalties should be avoided if possible.[4] The rise in death sentences during recent decades resulted from a concerted reaction by the government and the courts to a rise of violent crime in the 1970s and paralleled similar developments in the U.S. and China in late 20th century.[4] Contents
Method Edit
Saudi Arabia has a criminal justice system based on a hardline and literal form of Shari'ah law reflecting a particular state-sanctioned interpretation of Islam. It is usually carried out publicly by beheading with a sword. A recent report by the European Saudi Organization for Human Rights (ESOHR) shows that the number of beheadings in the kingdom during the first quarter of 2018 rose by over 70 percent compared to the same period last year.[5] Occasionally they can be performed by shooting. A public beheading will typically take place around 9am. The convicted person is walked into the square and kneels in front of the executioner. The executioner uses a sword known as a sulthan to remove the condemned person's head from his or her body at the neck.[6] After the convicted person is pronounced dead, a police official announces the crimes committed by the beheaded alleged criminal and the process is complete. The official might announce the same before the actual execution. This is the most common method of execution in Saudi Arabia because it is specifically called for by Sharia law. Professional executioners behead as many as ten people in a single day.[7] Crucifixion of the beheaded body is sometimes ordered.[8] For example, in 2009, the Saudi Gazette reported that "An Abha court has sentenced the leader of an armed gang to death and three-day crucifixion (public displaying of the beheaded body) and six other gang members to beheading for their role in jewelry store robberies in Asir."[9] (This practice resembles gibbeting, in which the entire body is displayed). In 2003, Muhammad Saad al-Beshi, whom the BBC described as "Saudi Arabia's leading executioner", gave a rare interview to Arab News.[10] He described his first execution in 1998: "The criminal was tied and blindfolded. With one stroke of the sword I severed his head. It rolled metres away...People are amazed how fast [the sword] can separate the head from the body."[10] He also said that before an execution he visits the victim's family to seek forgiveness for the criminal, which can lead to the criminal's life being spared.[10] Once an execution goes ahead, his only conversation with the prisoner is to tell him or her to recite the Muslim declaration of belief, the Shahada.[10] "When they get to the execution square, their strength drains away. Then I read the execution order, and at a signal I cut the prisoner's head off," he said.[10]
Capital offences Edit
2016 mass execution Edit
Criticism Edit
See also Edit
References Edit
The Icelandic experiment raises many intriguing questions: how do citizens of a country get called to this office? How do they draft a new constitution? What sort of political forces do they have to balance? An insider view from a former member of the Constitutional Council.
Protesters gather in front of the Icelandic parliament after the 2008 crash. Wikimedia Commons/OddurBen. Some rights reserved.
Iceland went to the polls on October 20, 2012 to vote on a new crowd-sourced constitutional bill that emanated from the country's financial crash of 2008.
The drafting of the bill was guided by a National Assembly of 950 citizens drawn at random from the national registry, meaning that every Icelander eighteen years of age or more had an equal chance of being invited to take a seat in the Assembly. Convening for a day in late 2010, the National Assembly decided that Iceland does need a new constitution, as the parliament had also resolved by 63 votes to zero, and laid down the lines for some key provisions that a new constitution needed to contain, including ‘one person, one vote' and national ownership of the country's natural resources.
It does not happen every day that ordinary citizens are offered the opportunity to help rewrite their country‘s constitution. Like 522 other Icelanders, I decided to put my name forward. Friends of mine collected fifty endorsements, the maximum allowed (30 was the minimum), and I then left the country for Africa and did not return back home until after the election. I did not spend a penny as there was no campaign. Like other candidates, I was interviewed for three or four minutes on state radio, in my case by phone from South Africa, and I posted a few short articles on the internet with websites that accepted such contributions from candidates. Also, I opened a Facebook page where I posted a few short messages intended for my friends. The daily newspaper in which I had published a weekly column since 2003 asked me to lay aside my pen from the announcement of my candidacy until after the election. Many if not most of the other candidates kept an equally low profile before the election. Very few advertised or spent significant amounts of money to promote their candidacies. As I see it, this was the least expensive and most civilized election 'campaign' in the history of the republic. The turnout was 37%, which is respectable in view of the fact that this was a special election as opposed to a general election, and considering that strong political forces keen to preserve the status quo tried to denigrate the whole process and even encouraged their supporters to boycott the election. But, overall, the political parties did not field candidates nor did they interfere in the work of the Constitutional Council
Elected by the nation and appointed by the parliament, the 25-member Constitutional Council took on the task of converting the resolution of the National Assembly into a coherent constitutional bill. In the process, the Council was encouraged by popular participation via more than 300 unsolicited reports from the public plus thousands of communications on the Council's interactive website. After four months of work in mid-2011 in full view of the public (the Philadelphia convention in 1787 also took four months, behind closed doors), the Council approved the bill unanimously with 25 votes to zero. Eight months after receiving the bill, in early 2012, the parliament directed some issues to the Council, convening it for a four-day follow-up meeting. There, in response to the issues raised by parliament, the Council, again unanimously, proposed alternative wording for some provisions in the bill, mostly for clarification, with minimal substantive changes involved. Four months thereafter, the parliament decided by 35 votes against fifteen, with thirteen abstentions, to hold a consultative national referendum on the bill and some of its key provisions on 20 October 2012. The referendum was fought tooth and nail by the political opposition in parliament. The opposition resorted to filibustering in an attempt to derail the promised referendum, an action that ultimately failed.
The ballot presented six ‘Yes or No' questions, all of which the voters answered decisively in the affirmative. Presumably, the parliamentary majority's intention was to be able to say to the opposition afterward: Look, the voters not only accept the bill as a whole, but specifically also accept several of its key individual provisions. This strategy worked. Voter turnout was 49%, well above the Swiss average in more than a hundred referenda since 2000.
The questions and answers of those who took a stand were as follows.
Do you want the proposals of the Constitutional Council to form the basis of a legislative bill for a new Constitution? 67% said Yes. Would you want natural resources which are not in private ownership to be declared the property of the nation in a new Constitution? 83% said Yes. Would you want a new Constitution to include provisions on a National Church of Iceland? 57% said Yes. Would you want a new Constitution to permit personal elections to the Althing to a greater degree than permitted at present? 78% said Yes. Would you want a new Constitution to include provisions to the effect that the votes of the electorate across the country should have the same force? 67% said Yes. Would you want a new Constitution to include provisions to the effect that a specific proportion of the electorate could call for a national referendum on a specific matter? 73% said Yes.
With such unequivocal guidance from the people via their clear expression of the popular will, the parliament must now finalize the bill and ratify it. The 1944 constitution stipulates that, for the bill to take effect, the next parliament, following a parliamentary election in April 2013, must also ratify the bill.
Here the plot begins to thicken. The current opposition and allied forces have at least three reasons for opposing the bill. First, they have strong ties to the fishing industry that has for many years received fishing quotas practically gratis from the government, a corrupt arrangement that the bill aims to end. Second, they are worried about ‘one person, one vote' because some of their current MPs would not have much of a chance of being re-elected under ‘one person, one vote.' Third, the freedom of information provisions in the bill aim to promote transparency by breaking a pervasive culture of secrecy that has enabled the political class to get away with, among other things, the Russian-style privatization of the banks in the period from 1998-2003 that paved the way off the edge of cliff in 2008.
The opposition insists on the right to propose substantive changes to the bill even if the bill has already been accepted by the people - two to one. Some think the opposition really aims to kill the bill. The parliamentary majority, by contrast, wants to respect the will of the people by making only a few changes of wording if necessary as well as perhaps fairly minor changes that the Constitutional Council already approved at its follow-up 2012 meeting. Confident of continued popular support for the bill, the prime minister has raised the possibility of presenting the final version of the bill to a second referendum at the time of the parliamentary election in 2013 in an attempt to reduce the likelihood that the next parliament tries to thwart the will of the people and kill the bill. In any case, the bill awaits a bumpy ride through parliament. “The people have put the parliament on probation,” said the prime minister after the vote.
Around the world, nations routinely change their constitutions, every 19 years on average. In a remarkably prescient 1789 letter to James Madison, Thomas Jefferson wrote that “Every constitution ... naturally expires at the end of 19 years” because “the earth belongs always to the living generation.” On the basis of its textual elements, taking into account its various provisions, researchers at the University of Chicago predict that the new Icelandic constitution, if ratified, will last 60 years, adding that “drafting the right text has been found to be surprisingly important for constitutional mortality“ and declaring the bill to “be at the cutting edge of ensuring public participation in ongoing governance, a feature that … has contributed to constitutional endurance in other countries.“
A modified version of this article has previously been published on VoxEU.
Text size
For Jeremy Grantham, founder and strategist at GMO, a Boston-based money manager that oversees about $120 billion, it hasn't been easy watching equity markets rack up huge gains. As of Dec. 31, GMO was forecasting an annual real return of minus 1.7% for large-cap U.S. stocks over the next seven years. Grantham and his colleagues don't see much hope for bonds, either. Still, Grantham, 75, says the current stock boom has a much different feel than the tech bubble of 1999 and 2000. Back then, "there were clients who not only wanted to fire us, but who didn't want to ever see us again," he recalls. "It was personal." GMO runs various strategies, including its benchmark-free allocation funds, which aim for 5% annual real returns over a market cycle. The Wells Fargo Advantage Absolute Return fund (ticker: WARAX), which GMO subadvises, returned 9.65% last year. Grantham, whose market view is marked by an inherent bearishness and skepticism, is an engaging speaker. His passions include financial history, climate change, and other environmental issues.Barron's recently visited him at his office overlooking Boston Harbor.
Barron's: How frothy does the U.S. stock market look?
Grantham: There are two good standards for a bubble. One is boring statistics, and the other is an exciting behavioral frenzy, on which so many good books have been written. And based on the boring statistics, the data is really very clear: We are not even that close to a bubble. With the S&P 500 at around 1860 recently, we are at about a 1.4- to 1.5-sigma event. Another way to say that is that we are between one and two standard deviations outside the normal distribution of stock-valuation levels. A two-sigma event would put the S&P 500 at 2350. So using the standard definition, it has to go up another 30% from here to get to a bubble. But you don't know when an ordinary market move is a bubble; you only know that in hindsight. As for the second test, which is euphoria, I like to joke that in 2000 here in Boston, Celtics replays were displaced at lunchtime at the greasy spoons by talking heads on TV. You would go to one, and they would be touting the latest Internet stock. But I've noticed recently that they are still playing the sports highlights on the televisions in the pubs here.
"In each cycle, [institutional investors] use a bit more leverage and take a bit more risk. That's where we are surely now." -- Jeremy Grantham Jared Leeds for Barron's
What else are you seeing in terms of sentiment?
There is a high level of enthusiasm from the financial professionals, hedge funds in particular. This time you have a very high level of confidence from the professionals—but not a very high level of confidence from the individual investors. The individuals are a bit more down to earth. They felt the pain of 2009 longer than the institutions did, and they have been slow to come back into stocks when you look at net buying of mutual funds. There has never been a bubble where individuals were not flooding into the market at the very end, though sometimes they are pretty late to the game. By the end of a real bubble, individuals are gung-ho, and they are not gung-ho yet. That says a lot.
What's brought about the discrepancy?
The belief in the Greenspan-Bernanke-Yellen put gets greater and greater each time there's a crisis. So we start in '94 with a bond crisis and a very successful bailout. Then we have the Long-Term Capital Management blowup in 1998. There's a bailout, which is very successful again. We have the Y2K bailout, which was a little unnecessary. And then we have the 2000 bubble and the ensuing collapse—the biggest bubble in American equity history. Uniquely, the stock market does not go below trend, even though the market is down 50%.
In 1929, it crashed through the trend line and stayed there for 20-odd years. The Nifty Fifty crashed through the trend line in 1973 and stayed down there until '86-'87. What is not typical is a bubble like the one in 2000. The market tumbled over three years, but it didn't even reach trend. And the cavalry comes over the hill with enormous stimulus and moral hazard, the kind of implicit promise that they would bail investors out in a crisis, which they did. And the market, never having hit even fair value for a minute, then doubles. I described it as the greatest sucker rally in history.
So that turned out to be a prescient call.
That was a lucky call, as much as anything else, because it took the breaking of the housing bubble in 2007 to end that rally. Obviously, the housing bubble was the absolute direct result of the Fed's bailout techniques, which included incredibly lower interest rates, and then there was eventually some help from the ridiculous financial instruments that were sold, along with very low standards for getting a mortgage. The U.S. housing market had been so stable and diversified historically. It had never bubbled, so to speak, in every district in America simultaneously until [Fed Chairman Alan] Greenspan got his hands on it. Then, starting in 2002, the U.S. housing market shoots up so much that, given its stable background, it statistically looked like the most magnificent outlier that we have had ever seen. And it wasn't just in housing, but in any American asset class. It was much worse than the 2000 equity bubble. It actually reached a 3½-sigma, or standard-deviation, event, which should occur randomly every 5,000 years. And at that point, Ben Bernanke was saying that the housing market largely reflected a strong U.S. economy.
How does this tie in with your point about institutional investors versus individuals?
The hedge funds said: "Boy, this is really great. The Fed did it once, they did it twice, they did it three times, including in the 2000 crash, and now they are probably going to come back and even bail out the housing bust." And, sure enough, the Fed busts its tail to do everything that mortals could possibly do, and everyone says how wonderful it was. To which I say it is like rewarding the captain of the Titanic for helping women and children into the lifeboats with admirable bravery, forgetting that it was only his recklessness in driving through the dark night in a famously glacier-intensive part of the ocean that caused the accident in the first place.
The key is that, for the hedge-fund guys and the smart institutional players, their faith in the Greenspan-Bernanke-Yellen put is getting massive. So they say that whenever things break, the Fed comes back in and puts the floor way higher than where it used to be. And the institutional players become more and more bullish. In each cycle, they use a bit more leverage and take a bit more risk. That's where we are surely now.
How overvalued are U.S. stocks?
They're 65% overpriced. If they go up another 30%, you would have a true bubble, at which point stocks would be close to twice their fair value. Similarly, in 2000, stocks were more than double their fair value. So they are quite capable of doing that. But my point is that with the professionals getting reinforced by the Fed going back to 1994, it will be very surprising if they don't keep on playing this game until the market at least hits a classic bubble definition. Bubbles don't usually stop until sensible investors, value investors, and prudent investors have been hung out to dry and kicked around the block. That hasn't happened yet, so that tells you there is probably quite a bit left in this rally.
If there is a bubble and it bursts, will the consequences resemble what we saw in 2008 and 2009?
No. That's the easy part. But the follow-up question—How will this play out?—is pretty well unanswerable. There have been plenty of times when individuals had too much debt, and there have been plenty of times when corporations were exposed. We've had times when chunks of the emerging-market countries have been exposed to foreign debt. What we haven't had is the major developed countries' governments strung out on debt. Debt levels have not dropped, but they have moved magnificently to federal governments, which now have the highest level of debt, on average, they have ever had. Those governments will be a stress point when the next bubble breaks. But how that plays out is difficult to say, because there is no historical precedent, with the possible exception of the 1930s.
So how is GMO positioning its portfolios?
There is an enormous creative tension for a sensible investor. On one hand, you know the market is worth a lot less than it is selling at, but you know about the Fed's policies. So it is very difficult for people like us at GMO because, for one thing, we have a seven-year forecast. It has had a terrific record—not because it is rocket science, but because the market, over a seven-year horizon, is mean-reverting, and it really does pay to avoid the particularly overpriced asset classes. But on a shorter time horizon, you can get whacked around the head, as we have been frequently.
What assets do look attractive?
Because of some secondary factors, there are pockets of global equities that haven't been swept along to anywhere near bubble territory. Emerging markets collectively are selling at very close to fair value. And the value stocks in most of Europe are pretty close to fair value. High-quality stocks in the U.S. are not nearly as bad as the rest of the market. So you can patch together global equities and get a semi-respectable-looking portfolio. Because of that, we have a substantial equity weighting in a typical account. The Wells Fargo Advantage Absolute Return fund has a 49% global equity weighting. That's a lot, when you look at our seven-year forecast and you see how many assets, including bonds and much of the U.S. stock market, are overpriced. But we have learned over the years not to invest everything on this month's data or this week's data or today's data—but to average in over a year. If nothing happens by October, our equity allocation will be down to about 38%, which would be completely compatible with our seven-year forecast.
What about bonds?
They look absolutely, nerve-rackingly overpriced, and in a crisis, who knows what will happen to those securities? They could make stocks look like a safe haven if the next bust occurs at the federal levels of the large countries. Bonds, including government bonds, are a lot more dangerous than people imagine.
What else is on your mind these days?
I worry about food, and I worry about Africa. The global economy has really two civilizations, or two systems. One is everything outside of Africa, where Taiwan, Thailand, Canada, Mexico, and other countries are all one big system moving together—trading oil and everything else. And then there is Africa, which, with the possible exception of South Africa, is its own little world. But it's the only part of the world where the population, on a broad basis, still is growing rapidly. It probably will decline, but these countries can't produce enough food, unless they get good advice and capital and fertilizer—or they become really clever farmers, and get a lot of help and sensible governments.
The countries I worry about most immediately are in North Africa, curling all the way into Syria, because they eat wheat. The price of wheat is two, three times what it used to be, and the price of energy is four times what it used to be. These are not rich people, so they have been desperately squeezed, and the weather is bearing down on agricultural production. The most dependable aspect of climate change is more droughts and more floods.
All of this has many implications, from countries like Egypt being able to feed its population to immigration policy in Europe to the impact on high-grade, low-cost phosphate, a big chunk of which comes from Morocco. Phosphorus is crucial for farming. The much higher prices of wheat, oil and, to some extent, fertilizers have helped destabilize various societies in this region. I worry about what happens if the deterioration spreads to Morocco.
Thanks, Jeremy.
E-mail: editors@barrons.com
LONDON (Reuters) - What do Nobel Prize-winning development economist Amartya Sen and IMF chief Christine Lagarde have in common? They both oppose the prevailing orthodoxy that all heavily indebted governments must cut their way back to prosperity as soon as they can.
The head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) Christine Lagarde delivers a speech at the German Council on Foreign Relations in Berlin, January 23, 2012. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
And they are not alone.
Even as euro zone ministers thrash out the details of a “fiscal compact” requiring member states to run a more or less balanced budget over the course of an economic cycle, Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti is among those who have warned of the political risks posed by never-ending austerity.
He and others have called for a matching emphasis on growth, an agenda that European Union leaders will attempt to address at a summit in Brussels next Monday.
Sen, an economics professor at Harvard University, said it was folly for governments to bend all their efforts to eliminate deficit spending.
Apart from stoking democratic discontent, the “austerity disease” sweeping the West was killing the goose that laid the golden egg of growth.
“It is very hard to find adequately pragmatic grounds for severe austerity that cuts demand and makes economic expansion much more problematic,” Sen said in a lecture at the London Stock Exchange last week.
Sen suggested that some governments were opting for indiscriminate cuts for ideological reasons or even regarded debt reduction as a moral imperative.
If there is one institution that is ideologically associated with austerity in the public eye, it is the International Monetary Fund. Yet the IMF was an early advocate of pump-priming to cushion the 2008 economic slump and it continues to argue against blanket belt-tightening.
“On fiscal policy, resorting to across-the-board, across-the continent, budgetary cuts will only add to recessionary pressures,” IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde said in Berlin on Monday.
“Yes, several countries have no choice but to tighten public finances, sharply and quickly. But this is not true everywhere. There is a large core where fiscal adjustment can be more gradual.”
INVESTING IN PRODUCTIVITY
Business is nervous, too, that reduced state spending on education, infrastructure and services to help the unemployed back into the workforce will eventually hit productivity growth.
“In this environment where you need to cut government expenditure, you have to think where we need to keep stimulating and what are the things we can do without. That's a really difficult policy discussion, but it is one we need to have rather than cut everything across the board,” said Bart van Ark, chief economist at The Conference Board, a business group.
Broad-based cuts are looming in the United States in a year's time after lawmakers failed to agree on a long-term plan to reduce the federal deficit.
Charles Dumas, an economist with Lombard Street Research in London, said financial markets were underestimating the impact of “fiscal deflation” that was already under way in the United States and would amount over 2012 and 2013 to an unprecedented 4 percent of GDP.
“What we have is a sustained downward drag from government spending, which, if anything, is going to intensify,” he said.
The key for investors and policymakers, especially in the euro zone, is to judge how much more austerity is needed to put the public finances back on a sustainable path and how long voters will keep swallowing the medicine.
“Overall, the deleveraging process has only just begun,” concluded a report by the McKinsey Global Institute, the consultancy's think tank.
Take Spain. The new government has already announced deficit cuts and tax increases worth around 15 billion euros. But it estimates another 25 billion euros of belt-tightening will be needed to hit this year's deficit target of 4.4 percent of GDP, down from 8.1 percent in 2011.
The corporate sector, too, still faces a long haul back to health. Spanish companies hold twice as much debt relative to national output as U.S. firms do, and six times as much as German companies, according to the MGI study.
“Debt reduction in the corporate sector may weigh on growth in the years to come,” it said.
LONG HAUL
Deutsche Bank has taken a stab at assessing the adjustments still required by looking at the euro zone periphery's balance of payments.
Deflating domestic demand through budget cuts will help, in conjunction with improved price competitiveness, to correct external imbalances that have ballooned in recent years, locking Greece, Ireland and Portugal out of the bond market.
Deutsche Bank reckons Italy's GDP does not need to fall much further to achieve external balance, but Greece, Portugal and Spain require declines in the order of 25, 20 and 15 percentage points respectively.
Because their exports are not very sensitive to price changes, most of the huge adjustment will have to come through compressing domestic demand, said Thomas Mayer, Deutsche's chief European economist.
“Hence, with the achievement of sustainable balance of payments positions still not in sight for most of the problem counties, EMU seems to remain at risk for the foreseeable future,” Mayer wrote in a report.
Trevor Greetham, director of asset allocation at Fidelity Worldwide Investment, said any attempt by southern members of the euro zone to deflate their way to competitiveness would perpetuate a spiral of falling asset prices, weak growth, climbing government bond yields and rising unemployment.
“In this context the latest proposal to enshrine balanced budget amendments in national constitutions amounts to an economic suicide pact,” Greetham wrote in the January bulletin of OMFIF, a London think tank.
Today's post-bubble world is crying out for large-scale fiscal easing, not austerity, Greetham said: “If some countries need to leave the euro to make this work, it should happen sooner rather than later.”
MINNEAPOLIS — The Minnesota Twins announced Monday that general manager Terry Ryan has been diagnosed with cancer.
Ryan said in a statement that the cancer was discovered during a routine physical with team physician Dr. Vijay Eyunni. A lump on Ryan's neck was discovered and examined further, and it was determined that the lump was indeed cancerous. Ryan was then diagnosed with Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
"I've been assured this form of cancer is treatable and remain optimistic about my return to good health in the near future," Ryan said.
Ryan added that he is currently being treated at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn., as well as Minnesota Oncology. He will not join the team at the beginning of spring training in Fort Myers, Fla., and instead will remain in Minnesota for the time being to focus on his treatment.
The 60-year-old Ryan is in his second stint as the Twins' general manager. He held that title from 1994-2007 and returned to the GM chair in 2011. Under Ryan's watch, Minnesota won the American League Central five times and advanced to the American League Championship Series in 2002.
Like Ryan, the Twins are hopeful that their general manager can overcome his recent diagnosis.
"Clearly, it's a difficult day any time a loved one is diagnosed with cancer," said Twins president Dave St. Peter. "That said, we believe and know that Terry's in the best medical hands in the country and really share his high level of confidence that better days are ahead and that he'll be back at this ballpark in the relatively near future."
No timetable has been given for when Ryan might return to work. Eyunni said Monday that the likely course of action for Ryan will be a combination of surgery and radiation with the hope of eliminating the cancer. Chemotherapy remains the No. 3 option, Eyunni added.
Ryan saw Eyunni a few weeks back for a routine exam before heading to spring training. While Ryan was mostly in good health, he had Eyunni examine a lump on his neck that Ryan said had been there for about three weeks.
After several tests, it was diagnosed that the lump was not a cyst but instead was cancerous. However, doctors also determined that the cancer had not spread anywhere else besides Ryan's neck.
"It's treatable in the sense that the PET (Positive Emission Tomography) scan was good and didn't show anything," Eyunni said. "If it showed a big lung tumor that metastasizes to the neck, then it would be untreatable. But there was cancer nowhere else. The only thing the PET scan showed was cancer in his lymph node so that's really good news."
In Ryan's absence, the majority of the decision making this spring will fall to vice president/assistant general manager Rob Antony, who is entering his 28th season in the Twins organization and his eighth as the team's assistant GM. Antony admitted the news was hard for him to hear, but said he had an idea something might have been up after seeing Ryan meet with team doctors for an extended period of time.
While Antony said that players usually make the decisions for the front office in spring training based on their performance, he did add that he'll welcome any input from Ryan this spring if he feels up to it.
"What I told him is I don't know how you're going to be feeling when you're having good days or you're going through some tough stuff, so I told him to call me whenever he feels up to it," Antony said. "I'll fill him in on what's going on, ask him questions, get him in the loop, but it's going to be up to him. And right now the primary thing is for him to take care of his health and do what he needs to do to focus on that, and I think he understands that."
Ryan has earned a reputation in baseball circles as an honest and forthright general manager, and he typically meets with the media before every home game — a rarity among baseball GMs. Dr. Eyunni said Ryan's reaction to the diagnosis was no different than how Ryan is on a day-to-day basis.
"He responded as well as he could. He responded better than I would have, honestly." Eyunni said. "As you know, Terry, he's larger than life. That's why I had a hard time telling him the news because look at him. He's such a big personality. But he took it well. He was concerned for his family. He was more concerned about that and how he would tell his family and the kids. That's understandable.
"He said, ‘Doc, let's move on. I want to get this done.'"
Follow Tyler Mason on Twitter
On Friday, two Icelandic activists with previous connections to WikiLeaks announced that they received newly unsealed court orders from Google. Google sent the orders earlier in the week, revealing that the company searched and seized data from their Gmail accounts—likely as a result of a grand jury investigation into the rogue whistleblower group.
Google was forbidden under American law from disclosing these orders to the men until the court lifted this restriction in early May 2013. (A Google spokesperson referred Ars to its Transparency Report for an explanation of its policies.)
On June 21, 2013, well-known Irish-Icelandic developer Smári McCarthy published his recently un-sealed court order dating back to July 14, 2011. Google sent him the order, which included McCarthy's Gmail account metadata, the night before. The government cited the Stored Communications Act (SCA)(specifically a 2703(d) order) as grounds to provide this order.
Meanwhile, Herbert Snorrason received a D-order dated from May 2011 for the metadata and a search warrant (citing 2703(f) of the SCA) for “the contents of all e-mails associated with the account, including stored or preserved copies of e-mails sent to and from the account, draft e-mails, deleted e-mails…the source and destination addresses associated with each e-mail, the date and time at which each e-mail was sent, and the size and length of each e-mail.”
Snorrason, according to Wired, helped “manage WikiLeaks' secure chat room in 2010 but later left in protest in September 2010." The northwestern Icelander confirmed to Ars that he served in this role for "approximately two months in 2010."
“Thankfully, neither of us use our Google accounts for anything remotely sensitive,” McCarthy wrote on his blog on Friday.
Under the federal statute that allows for the D-order, authorities can't receive the contents of electronic communication but can find out where and to whom it was said. In contemporary cases from the last decade, law enforcement and judges have increasingly used this reasoning to acquire all kinds of metadata on digital communications that previously required a much higher legal threshold—a probable cause-driven warrant.
“We know the government gets warrants for e-mail access pretty frequently and it's a good thing that they're getting warrants and not [just] D-orders, which is something we wanted them to shift to for a long time,” said Hanni Fakhoury, a staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation. “To me, without seeing the affidavit, it looks like they got all e-mails. That's a pretty broad request, notwithstanding that they got a warrant.”
“Do I have no rights, not being a US citizen?”
Snorrason spoke with Ars and echoed McCarthy's position, speaking out against such judicial orders issued under seal.
“Really, I think the most important thing here is getting people to realize that this madness is going on,” Snorrason told Ars. “All my details, just because I talked to an 'undesirable?' Do I have no rights, not being a US citizen?”
Snorrason elaborated on this idea in a blog post:
The Tesla Model X is here and this electric vehicle manufacturer has once again thrown down the gauntlet in front of luxury manufacturers the world over. The first SUVs have already been delivered to six eagerly awaiting customers.
Three and one-half years is a long time to wait for a highly anticipated model, but that delay is now over for fans of the Tesla Model X. Last night at a public reveal, the California-based electric vehicle manufacturer formally unveiled its crossover sport utility vehicle model, what offers seating for six or seven adults, depending on the interior layout.
That event was held near Tesla's assembly plant in Fremont, California. Six customers who put down sizable deposits were on hand to receive the keys for their new electric SUV. Yes, production is in full swing and deliveries are being made right now.
The design of the 2016 Tesla Model X is not much different from the prototype unveiled in early 2012. Yes, the cool falcon-wing doors are present and all-wheel drive is standard. And this model comes with a 90-kilowatt battery, providing 250 miles of range.
Two editions are available — 90D with an EPA-estimated range of 257 miles and a 0-to-60 mph time of 4.8 seconds, and a P90D edition with an EPA-estimated range of 250 miles and a 0-to-60 mph time of 3.8 seconds.
But it gets even better than that — customers who choose a Ludicrous Speed Upgrade option with their P90D can see a 0-to-60 mph time of just 3.2 seconds! Compare that with the Porsche Cayenne Turbo and its best time of 4.1 seconds and you're looking at the fastest SUV in the world with or without the upgrade.
The launch editions of the Tesla Model X are certainly not cheap. Indeed, customers who purchase the P90D Signature edition will pay $132,000, while those who opt for the P90D Founder edition will spend $142,000. Less costly models will follow, with an expected starting price near $80,000. In the Model X, Tesla is gunning for high-end Porsche customers as well as current Mercedes-Benz and BMW owners. Don't be surprised if a few Cadillac Escalade owners make the switch too.
The rear falcon-wing doors may be the most interesting feature for this SUV. The doors are easily opened when parked in a crowded lot with only about one foot of space needed between vehicles. The front doors open in the standard way, although the driver's door self opens when you approach the vehicle.
As for its design, the Model X looks very much like the Model S sedan with a similar interior layout.
The front trunk or “frunk” provides storage room and doubles as a large, impact absorbing crumple zone. At the very front are active sensors with emergency braking and collision avoidance systems included. The batteries are floor mounted in a bid to lower the center of gravity and mitigate rollovers. Further, the battery support structure provides what Tesla says is superior side impact protection. Indeed, Tesla has boldly made the claim that the Model X will receive a 5-star crash test rating from the NHTSA. If it does, it will be the first SUV to do so.
Other features present with the Tesla Model X include daytime running lights, power-folding and heated side mirrors, an automatically deploying rear spoiler, a full size rear cargo storage area, automatic keyless entry, maps and navigation with real-time traffic updates, GPS-enabled home link, and four LATCH child seat attachments — two each for the second and third rows.
Speaking of the interior, Tesla claims that the Model X offers room for seven adults. Analysts had initially expected the interior to be suitable for five adults with two children finding room in a third row jump seat. However, Tesla says that seven adults can ride in comfort.
Further, the automaker offers a six-place option whereby the three-place middle row and its individually reclining seats is replaced by a pair of bucket seats. That arrangement will make it easier to move about the cabin.
One significant surprise found in the SUV is a 17-speaker, 560-watt audio system. The company could have turned to a known manufacturer such as Harmon Kardon, Bowers and Wilkins, or Bang & Olufsen, but they did not. Instead, the audio system was designed entirely in-house by a team of audio engineers. Word has it that it is ideally matched for the Model X.
Bringing the Model X to the market is no small achievement. Tesla got things going in 2008 when it built small numbers of its Tesla Roadster. A few years later the Tesla Model S sedan proved that the company was not a flash in the pan, while the Model X should do its part to shake the luxury SUV market.
If Tesla continues as planned, in a few years it'll bring forth the Model III, an electric car for the masses. And that may prove to be the tipping point that forces the auto industry to fully embrace vehicle electrification.
All photos copyright Tesla Motors.
Related Reading
GLM ZZ Picks Up Where the Tesla Roadster Left Off
4 Lesser Known Facts About the Tesla Model X
The United States issued a qualified response.
“The issue is not who is going to be the next president,” Arturo Valenzuela, the new assistant secretary of state for Western Hemisphere affairs, told reporters in Washington. “The Honduran people decided that. The issue is whether the legitimate president of Honduras, who was overthrown in a coup d'état, will be returned to office.”
Brazil and most other South American countries had already rejected the vote, while European countries, which are important aid donors, acknowledged the vote but said that Hondurans had to find some form of reconciliation.
The United States continued to place its hopes for a resolution to the Honduran political crisis in an accord that it brokered a month ago and that both Mr. Zelaya and Roberto Micheletti, who leads the de facto government, signed.
The deal called for Congress to vote on whether to reinstate Mr. Zelaya, as well as the formation of a national unity government and a truth commission to investigate the events that led up to the coup and its aftermath.
But none of the accord's elements has yet been achieved. Congress delayed its vote, and then Mr. Zelaya renounced the agreement and remains a virtual prisoner in the Brazilian Embassy in Tegucigalpa, the capital.
Photo
On Monday, he said in a telephone interview that he would not return to office if Congress voted to restore him merely to serve as a figurehead. “The elections only changed the president, but it did not change any of the structure that carried out the coup,” he said.
Mr. Lobo has said that because he did not sign the accord, it is not up to him to fulfill it. But if he is to win recognition from other countries — and bring back the aid money that has been suspended — then he will probably have no choice but to go along with some version of the agreement.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Even before the political crisis halted investment and paralyzed an economy that was already buffeted by the global economic crisis, Honduras faced a dire situation.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Remittances from Hondurans working in the United States account for almost a quarter of gross domestic product, and they have dropped 12 percent this year. The Honduran economy could shrink as much as 4.5 percent this year, said Mauricio Díaz Burdett, an economist at the Fosdeh research institution here.
Mr. Lobo had been vague as a candidate about what he would do first if elected, calling for a grand national dialogue before he would take office on Jan. 27. His family raises corn, soy and sorghum on one of the country's largest farms. In a long political career, he introduced the idea of a mobile Congress, taking congressional leaders out to the countryside to hear complaints.
He has promised to work hard to win back the international recognition that was withheld after the coup. But the coup has revealed a number of fault lines in Honduras that were papered over in a country where a small elite controls the economy and politics.
“The new president will have a very significant challenge in dealing with demands from the population for a more inclusive system,” said Jennifer McCoy, the director of the Americas Program at the Carter Center in Atlanta. “I think these demands were larger than Zelaya.”
A sense of that frustration was clear when Mr. Zelaya's supporters gathered at a union meeting hall on Monday. “We're motivated,” said Juan Barahona, a leader of the resistance, as Mr. Zelaya's supporters now call themselves. “We won't abandon the fight because in four years or sooner, there will be a new dawn.”
The opposition has been the target of human rights violations since the coup, with a kind of low-intensity repression of constant harrassment, arrests and beatings, particularly in the countryside, human rights experts say.
José Miguel Vivanco of Human Rights Watch said that the de facto government had committed “widespread arbitrary detentions, killings and censorship” against Mr. Zelaya's supporters and that the election would not wipe the slate clean.
On Friday night, for example, police and soldiers raided the offices of a farming organization in Siguatepeque, in the central region of Comayagua, saying they were looking for guns. After a three-hour search, they left with the organization's computers, cameras and documents.
“Impunity has been the hallmark of the regime,” said Javier Zúñiga of Amnesty International, who is a longtime human rights expert in Central America.
CLOSE SportsPulse: USA TODAY Sports' NBA insiders Sam Amick and Jeff Zillgitt detail the biggest revelations from the first week on the hardwood. USA TODAY Sports
Wizards guard John Wall moves the ball defended by Lakers guard Lonzo Ball during the first quarter at Staples Center. (Photo11: Kelvin Kuo, USA TODAY Sports)
Following his team's 102-99 overtime loss to the Los Angeles Lakers, an outcome that followed waves of pre-game trash talk, Washington Wizards point guard John Wall praised Lonzo Ball and suggested the rookie's outspoken father won't significantly deter his prowess this season — pointing out that he's more conditioned to the LaVar Ball spectacle than the rest of the NBA.
Before the game, Wall said LaVar's antics could be a “gift and a curse," but was more toned down and optimistic with his assessment of Lonzo after the game.
Overtime: Lakers hand Wizards first loss
More: 76ers' oft-injured big man Joel Embiid: 'I'm not made of glass'
“He's a quiet kid who doesn't say too much,” Wall told ESPN. “He's been dealing with (LaVar's outlandish comments) his whole life. It doesn't bother him. It's just new to everybody else.
“He can pass, can score the ball — he just wasn't making shots tonight.”
Ball struggled to shoot from the floor for the third time in four games this season, going 2-for-11 and missing all five attempts from beyond the arc. But his 10 assists, and eight rebounds — including a board and length-of-the-court assist with 20 seconds left to help force overtime — proved to be a major difference-maker. Ball struggled in spurts against Wall defensively, but collaboratively the Lakers were able to contain the All-Star point guard.
“I thought tonight was our best defensive night all year,” Ball said postgame. “We were all playing for one another.”
Wall, who finished with 18 points and nine assists, said he was motivated by LaVar's taunts earlier this week to the Wizards to “beware.” To that, Wizards big man Marcin Gortat tweeted that Wall would “torture” Ball, while Wall himself said he planned to show “no mercy.”
Gallery: NBA photo of the day
Arcade Block September 2016 Box Spoilers + Coupon
Nerd Block has shared September 2016 Arcade Block box spoilers. Arcade Block delivers monthly mystery subscription boxes for video game fans. Each box has a $60+ value and includes 4-6 video games collectibles. Every Arcade Block has an exclusive gamer t-shirt and a FREE $10 ShirtPunch.com credit. The Arcade Block September 2016 video game box has an EXCLUSIVE Sega Genesis USB Hub!
It's here! Bringing the nostalgia to you in this month's Arcade Block! Get your EXCLUSIVE Sega Genesis USB Hub! Decorate your home or your office and relive the 16-bit days!
September's Arcade Block also has an EXCLUSIVE Super Mario item!
For an EXCLUSIVE item from our favorite plumber from the Mushroom Kingdom! Subscribe to Arcade Block TODAY!
Nerd Block also shared that the September Arcade Block will have an Assassin's Creed item.
What do you think about the Arcade Block September 2016 box spoilers? Subscribe by September 25, 2016 to reserve the September video game Arcade Block!
Arcade Block September 2016 Coupon Code
Join Arcade Block now and save on your first video game monthly box! Use Arcade Block coupon code FindSubBox16 to save 15% off the first month of new monthly Arcade Block subscriptions. Save more with multi-block and multi-month subscriptions!
BEVERLY HILLS, CA - OCTOBER 20: Actress Tina Fey arrives at the 21st Annual ELLE Women In Hollywood Awards at Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills on October 20, 2014 in Beverly Hills, California. (Photo by Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic)
In light of the deadly terrorist attack at the offices of satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo in Paris on Wednesday, Tina Fey was asked about free speech at the Television Critics Association winter press tour in Pasadena, California.
"Obviously, that news is terrible and tragic and upsetting," she told reporters (via BuzzFeed). "You look at that and you look at the controversy surrounding 'The Interview,' it makes you think about how important free speech is and how it absolutely must be defended. [We] can not back down on free speech in any way. We all have to stand firm on the issue of free speech.”
Fey's comments echo similar ones made by President Barack Obama in December, when he took Sony to task for canceling the release of "The Interview."
"We cannot have a society in which some dictator someplace can start imposing censorship here in the United States," Obama said. "If somebody's able to intimidate folks out of releasing a satirical movie, imagine what they start doing when they see a documentary they don't like, or news reports they don't like. Or even worse, imagine if producers and distributors and others start engaging in self-censorship because they don't want to offend the sensibilities of someone whose sensibilities probably need to be offended."
In her answer, Fey cited "Weekend Update" as "the closest we ever got" to any free speech debate. "But we're American and even if it's dumb jokes in 'The Interview,' we have the right to make them," she said.
Fey was far from alone in condemning the murders at Charlie Hebdo. Motion Picture Association of America chairman Christopher Dodd called the attack a "cowardly" attempt to destroy free speech.
Leaked cables confirm U.S. role in Somalia war
Published Jan 4, 2012 8:32 PM
The Wikileaks website released cables showing that plans for the Kenyan military invasion of southern Somalia had been mapped out for nearly two years and refuting claims that the intervention was done without Washington's knowledge. They showed that high-level meetings had taken place in early 2010 in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, which laid the ground work for renewed attempts to eliminate the Al-Shabaab Islamic resistance movement that controls large sections of the Horn of Africa nation.
This secret plan, dubbed “Jubaland Initiative,” outlined the creation of an artificial state in southern Somalia in an effort to choke off Al-Shabaab from the border areas near Kenya. At the meeting in Ethiopia in January 2010, the Kenyan delegation led by Foreign Affairs Minister Moses Wetang'ula appealed for U.S. support for the operation.
Other Kenyan officials in the delegation included Chief of General Staff Jeremiah Kianga, Defense Minister Yusuf Haji and Director of National Security Intelligence Services Maj.-Gen. Michael Gichang'i. This meeting in Addis Ababa was just one in a series of discussions designed to enlist U.S. support for the current military operations.
Operation Linda Nchi, the Kenyan invasion of southern Somalia, began on Oct. 16 and involved over 2,000 Kenyan troops. The war has become bogged down due to the lack of logistical coordination, the inclement weather and the formidable resistance to the intervention by Al-Shabaab and its supporters inside the country.
A Dec. 17 article in the Kenya Daily Nation points out, “The cables also say the military action took years of planning and was not a spontaneous reaction to abductions conducted by the Islamist group on Kenyan soil as repeatedly stated by government officials. The abductions seemed to provide Kenya with a convenient excuse to launch the plan, which, officials argued, was necessary to ensure protection against threats posed by an unstable neighbor.”
Cables released by Wikileaks reveals that Kenyan Foreign Minister Wetang'ula had informed U.S. Undersecretary of State for African Affairs Johnnie Carson of developments being made in preparation for the invasion of Somalia. The plan was to invade Somalia, drive away Al-Shabaab units from the border and then seize the port at Kismayo.
The Kenyan government justified the invasion based on false allegations that Al-Shabaab planned to stockpile weapons near the border with Kenya and send its fighters into the neighboring country. One U.S. diplomatic cable indicated that Kenyan Director of Military Intelligence Brig. Philip Kameru told visiting U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for Counterterrorism Daniel Benjamin that Al-Shabaab had plans to begin incursions inside Kenyan territory.
The U.S. diplomatic cable stated, “[Kameru] added that the Director of Military Intelligence expects Al-Shabaab to begin cross-border incursions into Kenya and he claimed to have received reports indicating Al-Shabaab has plans to use improvised explosive devices and landmines against security personnel and civilian traffic inside Kenya.” (Daily Nation, Dec. 17)
Other false claims reported to the U.S. ambassador involved unsubstantiated reports that Al-Shabaab was circulating currency obtained through piracy and purchasing real estate inside Kenya. Officials from Kenya also told Washington that Al-Shabaab was radicalizing youth inside the East African country.
Al-Shabaab has denied participation in hijacking ships in the Gulf of Aden and in kidnappings taking place in Kenya. The Islamist organization is now fighting to drive outside forces from Somalia.
Fighting intensifies inside Somalia
The Kenyan army's drive to eliminate Al-Shabaab bases in southern Somalia has been frustrated. U.S. drone attacks assisting the Kenyan's efforts have killed hundreds of civilians. The French military has also been responsible for logistical and naval support and bombings of Somali territory.
In addition, the Israeli state has deployed drones in Somalia. And the African Union Mission to Somalia (AMISOM), which consists of 9,000 Ugandan and Burundian troops, has stepped up military operations against Al-Shabaab in the capital of Mogadishu and other areas in the central regions of the country.
With troops stalled on the ground, the Kenyan Air Force has engaged in bombing operations in southern Somalia. According to Mareeg Online, “On Dec. 13 the military choppers destroyed Al-Shabaab camps at Garbaguso, Afmadow airstrip and Usingo.”
In a military briefing on Dec. 17, Kenyan Col. Cyrus Oguna reported that the Air Force attacked and destroyed a purported Al-Shabaab camp at Wamaitho on Dec. 14. (Mareeg Online, Dec. 18) The following day additional strikes were carried out against areas in northern Somalia at Bungavu.
Oguna also reported that there were numerous casualties among the Somalis and said that no injuries or deaths took place on the Kenyan side. “Kismayo hospital has been overflowing with the injured,” Oguna said during the press briefing.
In response to reports that Kenyan military forces would join AMISOM in joint efforts against Al-Shabaab, Oguna asserted that this merger would not prevent Kenya from engaging in separate military operations in Somalia.
Reports from other areas of Somalia indicate that clashes are escalating between Al-Shabaab and the Transitional Federal Government's allied militia known as Ahlu Suna. In Dhusamareb City in the Galgudud region, at least 10 people were killed and a number of others were wounded in bitter fighting between supporters and opponents of the U.S.-backed TFG regime.
Meanwhile inside Kenya, it was reported that a policeman was killed in the northern region near the Dadaab refugee camp where many Somalis have taken flight in response to the horrendous food shortages inside the country. Kenyan authorities said the policeman was killed in an explosion as he was traveling in a vehicle.
This incident took place amid a series of small-scale attacks that have targeted Kenyan security forces since the beginning of the Kenya Defense Force invasion of Somalia. Dadaab is currently housing approximately 400,000 refugees from Somalia.
Imperialist intervention cannot stabilize TFG regime
Despite these multiple outside interventions, Somalia is becoming more unstable every day. A split within the TFG parliament has led to the expulsion of the speaker of the assembly, Sharif Hassan Sheikh Aden, who was fired in a dispute over the future of the transition process.
Both the United Nations and the United States have issued statements demanding the end to these internal power struggles within the TFG. The interim regime in Mogadishu could not survive long without the intervention of U.S.-backed forces in the capital and other regions of the country.
A Dec. 19 U.N. statement says, “A joint delegation of the UN, the African Union and a regional organization has urged Somalia's transitional institutions to quickly resolve a political stand-off triggered by last week's passing by Parliament of a vote of no-confidence against the Speaker Sharif Hassan Sheikh Aden.” The U.N. urged all parties involved in the interim TFG to rapidly implement the so-called Kampala Accord, which provides a framework for the continuation of the current political dispensation for another year.
A similar U.S. statement acknowledges that Washington “has been following with concern recent developments within the Transitional Federal Government's Parliament, including efforts to remove the Speaker and Deputy Speakers. We call on all the signatory institutions to set aside distracting political infighting and instead focus their efforts on fulfilling their collective obligations under the Kampala Accords and the Roadmap.” (Mareeg Online)
At the same time Al-Shabaab has threatened to attack a planned Constitutional Conference on the future of Somalia. This conference, which was postponed until Dec. 20, is bringing together all signatories of the Kampala Accord and the Roadmap.
U.S. hands off Somalia!
The U.S. military is intervening in Somalia to control political developments in the Horn of Africa as well as other states in East Africa. The Pentagon has been involved in Somalia directly for at least since 1992, when thousands of Marines were sent into the country under the guise of a humanitarian mission to fight famine.
In 1993, large sections of the Somalian population rose up against the U.S. and U.N. military, prompting their withdrawal in 1994. Since 2006, Washington has sponsored the Ethiopian and Kenyan governments to militarily intervene on behalf of their interests in Somalia.
At present large flotillas of warships from the U.S., Europe and other states are patrolling the Gulf of Aden off the coast of Somalia under the pretext of fighting piracy. Nonetheless, all these efforts have failed to stabilize Somalia in the interests of Western imperialism.
The problems and political differences in the Horn of Africa must be resolved by the people themselves. Anti-war and anti-imperialist forces in the Western states must oppose U.S. and NATO intervention in East Africa as well as encourage the people and governments of the region to embark upon efforts aimed at finding a lasting and just resolution to the ongoing conflict.
Londoners, instead of drinking alcohol, why don't you just inhale it? Bompas & Parr's new pop-up bar – called Alcoholic Architecture – allows customers to get drunk by breathing in and absorbing booze through their skin and eyes.
Located in Borough Market, Alcoholic Architecture is a “fully immersive alcohol environment” where customers inhale and absorb vaporized spirits and mixers at a ratio of 1:3 in an enclosed space. According to Bompas & Parr's website, “the cocktail cloud is made using powerful humidifiers to super-saturate the air.”
Fast Company reports that the vaporized alcohol is so powerful guests have to wear protective ponchos to limit their skin from absorbing too much of the stuff. The vaporized alcohol will get customers drunk 40% quicker than just drinking the booze as its standard liquid form.
Co-founder Sam Bompas told Marketing Magazine that “with every breath you take it intoxicates your lungs and eyeballs, and it's really quite compelling.” Bompas explained that the alcohol is “going straight into the bloodstream, completely bypassing the liver.”
The owners point out one obvious benefit about Alcoholic Architecture: Customers are able to get drunk without accumulating the same amount of calories. There are, however, some particular concerns with the safety of inhaling and absorbing alcohol; the most concerning being dosed. As customers can get drunk a lot quicker when inhaling and absorbing alcohol, critics fear there is a greater risk of overdosing than from just drinking booze.
“The alcohol avoids first pass metabolism in the liver and goes directly to the brain, which makes it much more intoxicating and the intoxication is very rapid,” Dr. William Shanahan, a consultant psychiatrist at Nightingale Hospital, told the Associated Press. “This has the potential to cause serious side effects as well as brain damage in the developing young brain.”
The owners of the experimental bar insist they have taken health and safety into consideration and warn customers to “breathe responsibly.” Bompas told The Telegraph that they spent £30,000 ($46,776) to run the bar “with all the correct health and safety precautions.”
“We want to make sure people breathe in the cocktail safely and responsibly, so worked with a respiratory scientist specialising in extreme environment medical research – space, deep sea diving, mountaineering – to calculate the rate at which people absorb alcohol through their lungs… and, to a lesser extent, their eyeballs,” he added.
Customers are limited to 50 minutes in the enclosed space, so they only inhale the equivalent of a large gin and tonic. Though the bar also allows customers to buy liquid alcohol. Alcoholic Architecture will stay open until early 2016.
Amazon is working on building a pair of smart glasses to house its Alexa voice assistant, and a home security camera that could be linked to its existing Echo connected devices to further expand their capabilities, according to a report in the FT citing people familiar with the company's plans.
The newspaper says one or both of these products could be launched before the end of the year, alongside updates to existing Echo devices.
An Amazon spokesperson declined to comment, saying company policy is not to comment on rumors or speculation.
According to the FT, the smart glasses are intended to be purely an earbuds-free housing for Amazon's Alexa AI — with a bone-conduction audio system that would enable the wearer to hear Alexa without the need to be wired in.
With no mobile platform of its own to build on, Amazon has a strategic disadvantage vs Google and Apple because it cannot bake its voice AI into smartphone hardware where millions of engaged users could easily summon it — hence the company working on a plethora of alternative connected devices to try to put Alexa within earshot anyway.
The idea for the glasses, which would be its first wearable, would be to do just that: Enable Alexa to be summoned from anywhere, vs the current situation where users are barking commands at static in-home speakers.
The FT reports the glasses would wirelessly tether to a user's smartphone for connectivity. They are also apparently being designed to look like a regular pair of spectacles, so they could be worn comfortably and unobtrusively.
The cast of Glee, season two
It's that time of year. As the networks promote their new fall series, artful publicity photos seem to be everywhere, constructed to maximize not only the attractiveness but also the rainbow of skin tones of the casts. Diversity clearly has cachet, lending a youthful and hip tone and cosmopolitan flavor to shows even before their premieres. The networks are simultaneously engaging in public relations efforts in sharing information with ethnic media outlets and advocacy groups that details the diversity of their new casts, such as when shows have hired Latina/o actors or when African American characters are included among the series regulars. Even for viewers who don't follow such news, the networks' promotional emphasis on the diversity of their casts may contribute to the belief that television is a now equal-opportunity playing field for actors and in series narratives.
The inclusion of actors and characters of color, and absence of images that are clearly denigrating, is not necessarily tantamount to equitable representation; however. Such emphasis on the corporeal and on “positive” representation overlooks the more central and ultimately powerful dynamic of focalization, as described by Ella Shohat and Robert Stam, regarding which characters we are meant to identify with, whose stories are being told, and which communities' perspectives and ideological discourses are privileged. As Kristal Brent Zook aptly put it, “The stakes here are about more than entertainment. They're about who we allow dancing inside our imaginations and why.” Such dynamics are thus important to keep central in analysis of the racial politics of contemporary television series.
Diverse ensemble cast series, while a boon for promotion to the increasingly non-white audience, offer considerable challenges to writers and producers, in part because it's not easy to develop a large number of characters and keep their storylines manageable within the time constraints of a television episode or feature film. It also may feel risky to challenge Hollywood cinematic traditions of white heroism and centrism, even with the possibilities offered by an ensemble cast. With this in mind, the following questions, explored in the case examples of Glee (2009+), Friday Night Lights (2006+), Lost (2004-2010), and other series could aid media producers and scholars who wish to begin to interrogate the racial politics of diverse ensemble cast shows.
1. Are the characters of color fully realized individuals? This may seem simplistic, but it bears stating. Given how rare protagonists of color have been in Hollywood narratives, we may not always notice when characters of color are utilized primarily to lend a hip tone to a setting and in support of the white lead characters' development. When in doubt, it can be useful to ask questions about the various characters. Whose families, home life, or inner worlds do we get to know? Whose motivations and development are we meant to follow? And if it's a musical, who do we actually hear sing?
Glee, despite the United Colors of Benetton™ visual display of its high school show choir (as Sue Sylvester once groused), was problematic in this regard in its first season; it developed the white (or in the case of Rachel Berry, ambiguously white) characters much more than the characters of color and often reinforced this imbalance in its musical numbers. Viewers' witnessing of the family lives of white male students Kurt and Finn also underscored their primacy in the narrative. Friday Night Lights, about a football-obsessed Texas town, similarly developed its white characters to a degree that it did not for its African American or its few Latino characters, even after African American actor Gaius Charles's storylines were critically acclaimed. Lost, on the other hand, in its first seasons was particularly successful in developing its diverse characters in unique and often surprising ways through its narrative structure, which regularly included flashback sequences of characters' home lives and childhoods.
2. Do the writers and producers appear knowledgeable about and interested in the worlds and perspectives of the non-white characters? Again, this might be assumed to be a given, but the history of underdeveloped characters of color makes evident that this continues to be an important question to explore. Considering again the example of Friday Night Lights, a series that I admire for its intimate and realistic portrayal of white Texans, I've wondered how the series might have been enriched by a Tejano or Tejana writer who could have revealed the Mexican American facets of the town of Dillon. (Strangely, when a few Latino characters were introduced, the writers went to pains to establish that they were not of Mexican heritage, adding to their unrealistic and “tacked on” feeling).
The cast of Friday Night Lights, season three.
This is where I have to bring out that old saw, the need for more writers of color, given that they may have personal knowledge of potential characters and stories that white writers do not, and thus can make a unique contribution to vibrant, realistic, and compelling storytelling built around a diverse cast. Strangely, accounts point to writers of color having a harder, not easier time, finding work in television in the last few years as integrated ensemble casts are becoming the norm; statistics gathered by the Writers Guild of America West indicate that only 9 percent of employed television writers were non-white in 2007. Writers of all ethnic backgrounds, with in-depth experience or who have conducted in-depth research on a city or neighborhood also can construct true-to-life, empathetic, and narratively compelling characters that elevate a diverse ensemble cast series from one which engages in diversity window dressing to one which builds on its cast's ethnic, class, and other diversity to entertain and educate its audience. David Simon's experience with The Wire (2002-2008) serves an apt case in point. The creators of Lost also stand out as unique in this regard, for casting several actors of color, including Jorge Garcia and Yunjin Kim, because they found them talented and engaging, and creating roles for them that uniquely showcased their abilities.
3. Does the diversity of the cast appear natural? Given that cities and neighborhoods still are racially divided in the U.S. more often than not, giving every white lead a best friend of color without realistic explanation typically comes across as unrealistic and gimmicky. On the other hand, the right setting can offer worlds of story possibilities and interesting, believable characters of various ethnic backgrounds. (Whether these settings will appeal to advertisers is a different matter, however). The Wire and Friday Night Lights, set in Baltimore and the fictional town of Dillon, respectively, are two series that come to mind as presenting unique and engaging stories of Americans who normally are not shown in prime-time television and their interactions across race and class lines (although as mentioned above, FNL neglected its opportunity to include Mexican American characters).
The cast of Lost, season two.
Of course, school settings and work places have long been deployed by writers as sites where individuals from diverse backgrounds might naturally interact. Community (2009+), set at a Colorado community college, has a promising premise in this regard. And Lost provides perhaps the best-case example, with its premise of a jet on an international flight that crashed on a mysterious island, forcing an international and multi-ethnic group of survivors to learn to work together and form a community.
4. Finally, do the series or film producers exploit the natural diversity of a story's setting or subject matter? This could take the form of populating the cast in accordance with the diversity of the region or of the career the characters engage in, for example. I'm always surprised when realism-enhancing character and story possibilities – and possibilities of reaching a new audience demographic – are overlooked by producers, whether because of lack of adequate research or lack of interest. Friday Night Lights, for instance, had a prime opportunity to include Tejano (Texan Mexican American) characters of varying types among the team and townspeople, yet has largely failed to do so. Roswell (1999-2002), a science fiction drama about teen aliens in Roswell, New Mexico, went so far as to change the Latina, non-alien female lead from the novels it was based on to a white character, perhaps in the belief that this would be more appealing to white teen audiences. Again, this is a facet of media storytelling that will be enhanced by a diverse group of men and women around the writers' table, all of whom can offer differing glimpses of the characters and stories waiting to be brought to life.
Image Credits:
1. Glee cast
2. Friday Night Lights cast
3. Lost cast
Please feel free to comment.
Got a weird treats for you all,For years, whenever I've been intensively drawing a comic project I often felt the need to write myself some music. I've found out multiplying my creative output mysteriously benefit them all. There is, usually, no link bridging my Comic and musical world. Some fugues and some String Quartet sketches have been paired with Batman Incorporated for instance.This time, being so enthusiast for swamp thing, I went and wrote the scored for issue 7 & 8. OK, not really, but I've tried to cover their thematic stuff in a 3:16 of Full Orchestral Music.Here is a breakdown of the cues:00:00 The timeless mystery of the Green00:49 Growth and fate of the Green Warrior1:36 The Rotand2:00 A bit of actionny big battle for those who got bored until now.May you enjoy this roughs mix.Listen:At reverbnation: www.reverbnation.com/yanickpaq… Or on Facebook: www.facebook.com/pages/Yanick-… Also Dowload : babyl.dyndns.org/~paquette/Fug… Better experiences with headphone while reading Swamp thing.
Sales commission at the estate agents Foxtons slid by more than a quarter at the end of last year in the latest sign that the capital's runaway housing market is rapidly cooling.
Foxtons, which has 51 branches, mostly in London, and sends out agents in its fleet of liveried dark-green Mini Coopers, said it did not expect a recovery until after the general election in May.
It said turnover fell 12.1% in the final quarter of last year as the slump in sales commissions more than offset a recovery in lettings. Commission on sales was down 25.7% compared with the same months in 2013, when activity in the London market was at its highest level since 2008. Foxtons still made sales commissions of £70m over 2014, up 3.6% on 2013.
The agency warned of a fall in annual profits in October after a slowdown in the London market since August, but the speed of the decline surprised the City. Rival estate agent Countrywide said last week that a slowdown in the UK housing market was clearly evident in the final quarter of 2014, and expects “some sluggishness” in the first half of this year due to the election.
As well as uncertainty over the election outcome and the effect of Labour's possible mansion tax on homes worth more than £2m, Foxtons blamed a general slowdown in the London property market after a period of rapid price growth and the introduction of tighter rules on mortgage lenders. The chain charges sales commission of 2.5% with its average sale price put at £545,000 last year.
Central London faces a glut of expensive new homes, with about 54,000 being built or planned, according to research from Property Vision, Lonres and Dataloft. Most of them will be priced around £1m but in the areas where the developments are sited just 3,900 homes worth more than £1m were sold last year, the study said.
Lettings, which account for half of Foxtons' business, remained flat for much of last year but improved in the fourth quarter, notching up a 7.7% rise.
Foxtons shares fell immediately after the news but recovered to close 12% higher at 180p, with brokers suggesting the company was well placed to cash in on a recovery.
The agency, founded by Jon Hunt in Notting Hill in 1981, floated on the stock market in September 2013 and the shares quickly climbed to peak at 389p in February 2014. They have since fallen to stand nearly 25% down on their 230p float price. lost nearly a quarter of their value since their debut.
Foxtons is opening five to 10 new branches in London each year.
Numis analyst Chris Millington said: “While profits were marginally below our estimates and the short-term outlook is somewhat uncertain, we remain of the view that Foxtons' long-term attractions remain and once the market recovers the group will make very high margins on incremental revenue.”
The cost of car insurance increased by 31.1% in the year to December, according the latest Consumer Price Index from the CSO.
A review of insurance premiums - in particular motor insurance - is under way at the Department of Finance to determine the reason for their increase, according to Minister for Finance Michael Noonan.
Fianna Fáil's Finance spokesperson Michael McGrath called on the minister to re-constitute the Motor Insurance Advisory Board, which he said was previously successful in reducing motor insurance premiums.
Mr Noonan acknowledged there are issues that need to be addressed, however, he pointed out that neither the Central Bank nor the Department of Finance could influence the pricing policies of insurance companies.
He said while he would not be reinstating the insurance advisory board, he would see what advice was given following the Department's review, which he said should be completed within months.
Meanwhile, speaking in the Seanad Sinn Féin Senator Trevor Ó Clochartaigh raised the issue of excessive insurance premiums for young people and for owners of older cars.
He said young people were being penalised and they tend to drive older cars, adding the area needs huge scrutiny.
We Brits rarely blow our own national trumpet. But if pushed we will admit to having a wicked sense of humor. Foreigners have every right to be perplexed by the stuff we riff on—from gingers to horse meat.
Train-spotters
The term refers to the anorak-wearing British men folk (and it is nearly always males) who chose to spend their free time standing by the side of railway tracks waiting for trains to go by. When this happens, they scribble down the engine's make and model number in a little book. It's thrilling stuff. Anyhow, in Britain the term “train-spotter” has evolved to mean “super-nerd” and we use it liberally.
Essex
Some Americans will know this one because they watch The Only Way is Essex, a.k.a. TOWIE, on Hulu. But anyone else will need it explaining why, exactly, Brits give the folks from this particular home county such a hard time. Essex residents, we've decided, are shallow, slutty and they wear a lot of fake tans. Tell any curious Americans to think of Essex as Britain's New Jersey equivalent and they'll get the idea.
England always losing on penalties
Fans of England's national football team just know that, not only will we be knocked out of any major international tournament, but it'll happen on penalties. I think we're actually quite pleased when this happens, because we were proved right. Which for Brits is often more important than winning. It's our national sense of fatalism that's the joke here. Example: when England was knocked out of the World Cup by Portugal on penalties in 2006, the BBC cut straight to “Numb” by the Pet Shop Boys.
“As the actress said to the bishop”
We'll very often follow an innocent innuendo with this stock punchline. For instance, one Brit says to another: “I need to get my hands on some sausage meat. Ooh, as the actress said to the bishop!” To anyone not in the know, it's impenetrably peculiar. (“Which actress? What bishop?”) Brits might be interested to note that the American equivalent is, apparently, “That's what she said.” When The Office was remade for the U.S., the writers had Michael Scott say, “That's what she said” in place of David Brent's frequent actress/bishop usage.
Gingers
It's generous to classify this as a British gag because, let's be honest, it's borderline bullying on a national scale. But redhead ribbing simply won't die out in the U.K. This is bizarre to Americans, who revere the flame-haired. Read all about our national obsession with poor ol' gingers here.
The excuses used by train companies
Locomotive lateness is a national joke in Britain. We particularly enjoy the corporate justifications issued over the fuzzy intercom when trains turn up hours after their timetabled slot, or are simply cancelled. Favorites include “It's the wrong type of snow” (no one knows what this means, and we're too afraid to ask) and “There were leaves on the line.”
Horse meat scandal
When the news broke last year that some major supermarket's ready meals contained minced equine instead of the advertised cow, we quickly moved from revulsion to hilarity. Now, it's still considered fair game to refer to any and all ground meat product with a horse reference.
Eurovision
This annual parade of Euro pop is cherished by Brits. Unlike the rest of Europe, we don't take the competition seriously. We watch mostly for the so-bad-they're-good entries, and the comedy voting. Eastern block countries only ever award top marks to their best mate, even if they entered a donkey in full national dress, with scantily clad donkey backing singers. We also cherish the fact that Britain will never win. Britain could enter Led Zeppelin and still come joint 29th with Serbia.
See more:
8 American Sports Idioms Brits Won't Understand
Coming to America: 10 Everyday Phrases Brits Need to Know
10 British Insults Americans Won't Understand
By Paul Craig Roberts
Syriza, the new Greek government that intended to rescue Greece from austerity, has come a cropper. The government relied on the good will of its EU “partners,” only to find that its “partners” had no good will. The Greek government did not understand that the only concern was the bottom line, or profits, of those who held the Greek debt.
The Greek people are as out to lunch as their government. The majority of Greeks want to remain in the EU even though it means that their pensions, their wages, their social services, and their employment opportunities will be reduced. Apparently for Greeks, being a part of Europe is worth being driven into the ground.
The alleged “Greek crisis” makes no sense whatsoever. It is obvious that Greece cannot with its devastated economy repay the debts that Goldman Sachs hid and then capitalized on the inside information, helping to cause the crisis. If the solvency of the holders of the Greek debt, apparently the NY hedge funds and German and Dutch banks, depends on being repaid, the European Central Bank could just follow the example of the Federal Reserve and print the money to secure the Greek debt. The ECB is already printing 60 billion euros a month to save the European financial system, so why not include Greece?
A conservative might say that such a course of action would cause inflation, but it hasn't. The Fed has been creating money hands over fists for seven years, and according to the government there is no inflation. We even have negative interest rates attesting to the absence of inflation. Why will creating money for Greece create inflation but not for Goldman Sachs, Citibank, and JPMorganChase?
Obviously, the Western world doesn't want to help Greece. The West wants to loot Greece. The deal is that Greece gets new loans with which to repay existing loans in exchange for selling municipal water companies to private investors (water rates will go up on the Greek people), for selling the state lottery to private investors (Greek government revenues drop, thus making debt repayment more difficult), and for other such “privatizations” such as selling the protected Greek islands to real estate developers.
This is a good deal for everyone but Greece.
If the Greek government had any sense, it would simply default. That would make Greece debt free. With just a few words, Greece can go from a heavily indebted country to a debt-free country.
Greece could then finance its own bond issues, and if it needed external credit, Greece could accept the Russian offer.
Indeed, if the Russian and Chinese governments had any sense, they would pay Greece to default and to leave the EU and NATO. The unravelling of Washington's empire would begin, and the threat of war that Russia and China face would go away. The Russians and Chinese would save far more on unnecessary war preparation that saving Greece would cost them.
In documents revealed during the Oracle v. Google trial today, Google mentioned to T-Mobile back in 2006 that it wanted to turn the carrier plan pricing structure on its head by underwriting part of the cost of an unlimited data package. By Google's math, customers would pay $9.99 a month for unlimited data — to subsidize to reduce cost, the company would forgo the commission it earned from T-Mobile for referring Android buyers to its online store. Google figured that its own services — Gmail, search, and so on — would consume about 15MB a month, a figure likely estimated to be far lower in 2006 than it is today.
The first retail Android phone, the T-Mobile G1, would ultimately be made available with $25 and $35 data plans, so Google's vision was never realized.
Pin 13K Shares
ANTI-MEDIA Staff
December 22, 2014
(TheAntiMedia) Cyberterrorism is bad thing. In fact, according to the US government, it's a major crime which is punishable by life in prison.
However, on the heels of Sony's recent hacking and subsequent blaming of the North Korean government, the US has sanctioned its own cyber terror attack against North Korea, according to a credible source who contacted The Anti-Media. At the time of posting the article, North Korea has completely disappeared from the internet. The damage the US is hoping to do is not just intellectual, but is aimed at causing physical harm to the North Korean economy and by default its civilian population.
But it doesn't stop there. According to our sources, the US is also planning on launching more cyberattacks against North Korea's banking system which could start as early as tonight.
There's more. Though not concrete, there is also talk of covert military actions against North Korean infrastructure which include: hospitals, military bases, and nuclear facilities in the very near future.
The most troublesome of all these acts is that it's highly unlikely that the North Korean government was actually behind the hacking of Sony. Firstly, North Korean technology is years, if not decades behind current US cybersecurity standards. Secondly, North Korea had all but nothing to gain from hacking Sony. As we reported on Saturday, Sony employees with knowledge of their network security believe it was an inside job:
“My gut instinct was, ‘Oh no, is it the North Koreans?…For two seconds it was the North Koreans, and then the younger guys in our office who know way more about computers were, like, ‘No way. You'd have to know Sony's network, it has to be somebody on the inside,” –Evan Goldberg, co-director of The Interview
Furthermore, hackers from the Anonymous Collective have also said that North Korea is not behind the hack:
“While the FBI, President Obama, and George Clooney seem thoroughly convinced that the Guardians of Peace are the work of Pyongyang—the name “Guardians of Peace” comes from a quote used by former President Richard Nixon describing South Korea—many hackers online have questioned the allocation of blame from Day One, including former Lulzsec hacker turned government information Sabu, who maintains they “don't have the technical capabilities,” and Anonymous, who wrote, “we all know the hacks didn't come from North Korea,” and threatened to launch further hacks against Sony if they don't release the film online.”
Barack Obama has promised to retaliate against North Korea for hacking the Japanese company, and he has followed through on his promise it seems.
Why is the US government conducting cyber espionage against foreign governments over the hacking of a private corporation? Why have US officials placed sole blame on the North Korean government without having evidence that they were indeed behind the attack? Will the US be held to its own legal standard when it comes to being punished for cyberterrorism?
Let's hope that this information can help prevent another needless US government incursion into a foreign government's internal affairs.
This article is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TheAntiMedia.org. Tune-in to The Anti-Media radio show Monday-Friday @ 11pm EST, 8pm PST.
Pin 13K Shares
Michael Featherstone one of six people, including his wife and son, charged after 20-month investigation into alleged investment scams on the Gold Coast
A former Queensland detective is accused of laundering $15m derived from alleged “boiler room” investment scams on the Gold Coast.
Michael Featherstone, a one-time drug squad detective turned private investigator, was one of six people, including his wife and son, who were charged on Tuesday after a 20-month investigation by the Crime and Corruption Commission (CCC) and Queensland police.
Guardian Australia understands investigators will allege that Featherstone laundered the money between 2010 and 2013 while providing “risk management” services and dealing with customer complaints against companies running cold-call investment frauds.
Featherstone was separately charged in December 2014, along with Palmer adviser Andrew Crook and former AFL player Tony Smith, over an alleged plot to intimidate a banker into changing his evidence in a multimillion dollar court case to benefit Smith.
The trio, who allegedly plotted to induce a banker with a bogus job offer to work for Palmer, have been charged with intimidating a witness, attempting to pervert the course of justice and attempted fraud.
Featherstone and and his wife Zoei Keong's Upper Coomera home was raided on Tuesday for the third time since he came under investigation for alleged involvement with investment scams in 2014.
He was expected to be charged with money laundering and aggravated fraud after being taken into custody at the Brisbane watchhouse.
Keong, 32, who was charged in April last year with money laundering and fraud as part of the same investigation, was also arrested and expected to face further charges of money laundering and aggravated fraud.
It is understood investigators will claim Featherstone's involvement in money laundering stems not from an active role in managing the “boiler room” syndicates but by providing advice on how to deal with online customer complaints.
Featherstone also allegedly directly dealt with disgruntled customers in an attempt to resolve complaints before they resulted in legal claims in the Queensland civil and administrative tribunal.
The investigation is one of a growing number of major probes into alleged “boiler room” scams on the Gold Coast, which has become the renewed focus of attention for the CCC in the last two years.
Kathleen Florian, the executive director of the CCC's crime division, said the investigation “focused on those people who facilitated the frauds and ultimately their alleged role in these organised syndicates has led to serious criminal charges being brought against them”.
“It will be alleged that some of those facing charges were directors or senior employees of a private investigation firm and were involved in perpetrating frauds against members of the community via a number of different companies and schemes over an extended period of time,” she said.
“Considering these alleged offences occurred some years prior to the establishment of the taskforce, there was a substantial amount of financial analysis required during this investigation and the CCC's expertise in this area has been critical in gathering evidence to put before the court.”
Supt Mick Niland, commander of the police Taskforce Maxima, said the alleged crimes had “enormous impact on many of the victims”.
“We will continue to target the facilitators of organised crime who enable these crimes to flourish,” he said. “Queensland police service capability to tackle organised crime is enhanced through these ongoing strong partnerships with the Crime and Corruption Commission and Australian Taxation Office and national law enforcement agencies”.
Keong was allegedly involved in defrauding investors of more than $700,000 while working for Featherstone's Gold Coast private investigation business in 2011.
The CCC has alleged she and co-worker Travis Burch committed the offences as part of the financial management of a company called Tropical Point between February and June 2011.
A Pimpama man, 21, a Helensvale man, 36, a Robina man, 32, and an Upper Coomera woman, 39, were also expected to b charged with aggravated fraud after being taken into custody on Tuesday.
Photo: ABG
Nothing New Under the Sun
Sebastian Blanco wrote a post about a pretty cool hybrid car. It's more old school than even Clint Eastwood and shows us that some ideas are just taking their sweet time to mature. This 1916 Woods Dual Power Model 44 Coupe was produced between 1915 and 1918, and it was powered by an electric motor from 0 to 15 mph (24 km/h) and by a 4-cylinder gasoline engine up to its top speed of around 35 mph (56 km/h).
Photo: ABG
Almost a Full Hybrid
In a way, the Woods coupe was almost a full hybrid, in the sense that the electric motor could move the vehicle on its own (unlike most "assist" hybrids like the Honda Civic hybrid). The difference with a modern full hybrid (like the Prius) is that the early hybrid couldn't use both sources of power at the same time (not to mention that regenerative braking was probably out of the question at the time).
But one thing that this old school hybrid had that modern ones still don't is a plug! Batteries were no doubt charged from the grid and not by the gasoline engine (that would have required more mechanical complexity).
Photo: ABG
Via Autoblog Green
More Hybrids & Electric Cars
French Billionaire Invests $120 Million in Electric Car Battery Plant Near Montréal
Tesla Roadster Breaks EV World Record: 313 Miles on Single Charge (501 KM)
Fisker Buys Idle GM Plant in Delaware to Make Second PHEV (Project NINA)
Analyse.
A la première lecture du Baromètre La Libre/RTBF/Dedicated, on constate que la popularité de Paul Magnette (PS), ministre-Président wallon, n'a pas connu de poussée extraordinaire après la crise du Ceta (traité de libre-échange entre l'UE et le Canada auquel la Wallonie s'est opposée) qui, durant deux semaines, propulsa le Carolo sur le devant de la scène nationale et internationale.
Pourtant, affirmer qu'il n'en a absolument pas profité est sans doute un peu raccourci. Que constate-t-on ? Paul Magnette occupe la septième place du top 20 en Wallonie. Il était huitième il y a trois mois, huitième encore en avril 2016 et déjà septième en décembre 2015.
Cette septième place, il l'occupe pourtant en gagnant 3 %. La montée importante de Raoul Hedebouw (PTB) et les scores très proches de tous ceux qui le précèdent au classement l'empêchent de traduire cette progression de manière plus marquée. Et puis, depuis le Ceta, l'actualité internationale centrée sur la campagne aux USA et l'élection de Donald Trump a fortement renvoyé le Ceta vers le passé. Quant au CDH, on ne peut pas considérer raisonnablement qu'il ait pu profiter de quelque manière que ce soit d'un regain de popularité suite à cette crise.
Dans le Baromètre, à la question de savoir si le gouvernement wallon avait raison de s'opposer à la signature de ce traité, 41 % des gens considèrent que ce dernier était dans le bon. Vingt et un pour cent d'entre eux répondant que le gouvernement wallon avait "tout à fait raison" et 20 % considérant qu'il avait "plutôt raison". Si on se penche sur les origines régionales des répondants, c'est en Wallonie qu'ils sont les plus positifs puisque 61 % des wallons soutiennent leur gouvernement contre 55 % des Bruxellois et 26 % seulement des Flamands.
Si on se penche sur les 27 % de Belges qui considèrent que le gouvernement wallon avait "plutôt tort" ou "tout à fait tort", on constate que 39 % des Flamands se rangent à cet avis contre 17 % des Bruxellois et 10 % des Wallons. Pour information, 26 % des répondants précisent qu'ils n'ont pas suivi les négociations sur le Ceta.
De vraies améliorations
Le Baromètre interrogeait également les personnes sondées sur les améliorations éventuelles obtenues par le gouvernement wallon au bout des deux semaines de crise qui ont abouti à un accord intrabelge. Cinq pour cent des Belges considèrent que des améliorations ont été enregistrées (2 % en Flandre, 9 % à Bruxelles et 10 % en Wallonie), 24 % d'entre eux considèrent que des améliorations mineures ont été obtenues (22 % en Flandre, 29 % à Bruxelles et 26 % en Wallonie). Pour 21 % des Belges (17 % en Flandre, 21 % à Bruxelles et 26 % en Wallonie), le gouvernement wallon n'a rien obtenu mais a été contraint de valider le texte. Enfin, 19 % des Belges (25 % en Flandre, 14 % à Bruxelles et 10 % en Wallonie) considèrent que non seulement le gouvernement Magnette n'a rien obtenu mais qu'en plus il cherchait simplement à se mettre en valeur.
The story of the rise and fall of the 1970s New York Cosmos, arguably the World's first ever Super Club.
The story of the rise and fall of the 1970s New York Cosmos, arguably the World's first ever football Super Club. With the likes of Pele, Franz Beckenbauer, Carlos Alberto and Giorgio Chinaglia they put the game on the map in the USA. But how was a soccer team able to capture the American imagination? And why didn't the good times last? Former players, fans and officials remember a unique moment in sporting history.
Picture: Tony Field #7, Giorgio Chinaglia #9 and Pele #10 of New York Cosmos look on before a game at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, circa 1975 - 1977, Credit Robert Riger/Getty Images
(Newser) – Air security staffers aren't getting a lot of love lately, and Orlando's airport now wants to get rid of as many TSA workers as it can. The Florida airport has applied to replace TSA screeners with private contractors. An airport spokeswoman tells Aol News the action is in response to consumer complaints about TSA staff: The move would give the airport greater oversight of the operations, she said. Security procedures would stay the same if the request is granted and some TSA staff would remain as supervisors.
As complaints about TSA scans and pat-downs surge, Rep. John Mica, the ranking Republican on the House Transportation Committee, is urging other airports to follow Orlando's lead. "As TSA has grown larger, more impersonal, and administratively top-heavy, I believe it is important that airports across the country consider utilizing the opt-out provision provided by law," he wrote in a letter to 150 airports. Mica, AP notes, has received some hefty campaign contributions from companies that might take the TSA's place. It's uncertain if contractors would reassure consumers who already have privacy concerns about the new "nudie" airport security scans. Click here for more on Orlando's plans.
(Read more John Mica stories.)
Share Your Story • Bill Spizzirri • November 26, 2013
Viking's 1st Image on Mars
I remember refusing to leave for work on the morning of July 20, 1976 because Carl Sagan on TV was promising that, any minute now, the first image from the surface of Mars would be received. Then it began to appear. Technology was different in then, so instead of an instant complete image, we saw it start to appear one video line at a time. We were late for work but we had to stay home by the TV to see the whole picture complete. At first, with only a few lines on the screen, you couldn't tell what you were looking at but after a while there was enough lines to see it was a photo of the foot of the lander. After a while, as the image building progressed from the bottom up, you could see dust on the landing pad and rocks and pebbles on the Martian surface near the foot. Someone at JPL yelled "rocks"!. This kind of thing is common place now but that was a first I had hoped and waited for since I was a child. I kept a large print of that image over my desk for many years. As the importance of that achievement sank in, it gave me great confidence in NASA and it increased my enthusiasm for what we would see them achieve in the years to come. It was also one of the reason why I didn't hesitate when I saw Sagan looking for members for the Planetary Society. I joined immediately. I was then and have remained very interested and enthusiastic about planetary exploration. I have not been disappointed. The intervening decades have been very exciting.
Comments & Sharing
One of the cornerstone phrases for recognizing a transgender child is whether or not they have been “persistent and consistent” in their cross-gender identification. This means the child has shown a consistent (“of a person, behavior, or process unchanging in achievement or effect over a period of time”) identification with the brain gender of that of the “opposite” gender than which they were assigned at birth, and that this has persisted “continued to exist or endure over a prolonged period”. This is in regards to not just gender expression and interests, but in how they relate to themselves or identify in terms of gender. More recently, I have heard “insistent” added on to further qualify how a transgender child will likely present. I have to say, I don't agree with this one being one of the characteristics a parent or professional might look for in terms of clarification. I think if one is looking for all three of these characteristics, they might miss something. I think the level of insistence displayed by the child is largely dependent upon the child's temperament. Not all transgender children will be insistent about their “true” gender identities. Really, if taking all different temperaments into consideration, we may want to also reconsider our thinking about the use of the word “persistent” when it comes to transgender children as well. Another definition for persistent is “continuing firmly or obstinately in a course of action in spite of difficulty or opposition”. Will all transgender children be persistent in this way or insistent in the face of opposition or re-direction from parents or other significant figures in their lives? Likely not. Just like everything, one's personality and desire to please guardians are on a spectrum. MANY children are not insistent about anything, so they sure as heck aren't going to be about their gender identity or desire to be recognized as a different gender than their assigned gender at birth. Some children eat their vegetables simply because they are told to. Others refuse to take even a bite despite any tactics used by those in charge of feeding them. Such is the same with gender identity: if a child is consciously aware of identifying with a gender other than that assigned to them at birth (i.e. a natal female feels like a boy or some other gender, or a natal male feels like a girl or some other gender), how much they express this will depend upon the level of distress it brings to them as well as their temperament. Some children will scream, “I am a _______!” and insist upon wearing what they want, being referred to as they want, etc. until everyone around them is quite clear of who they really are. Others, if told the way they feel or how they perform gender is wrong or unexpected, will quickly make modifications to please those around them. When considering persistency and consistency, this is typically in regards to cross-gender identification and gender expression. This may include way of dress, interests, how the child seems to categorize themselves (in play, roles, or how they relate to others), gender of friends, bathroom behavior, etc. If these things seem to be an expression of “cross-gender” identification, that may be a sign of having a gender identity that does not match one's birth sex. However, the individual (a child, teen, or adult) may not be consciously aware of being transgender until much later. Transgender people become consciously aware of being so at various ages and stages; some seem to know since birth, others as children, others as soon as puberty hits, still others only in late teens or adulthood. I think this largely depends on how much the individual has been exposed to knowledge of variations of gender, family environment, how freely one is allowed to express self in regards to gender, defenses, suppression, the list goes on and on. Only once the individual is consciously aware of being transgender does transition become a factor. From the child who insists on their true gender since the time they could speak to the adult who does not become consciously aware until much later, both are equally transgender; the age of conscious awareness was simply different. If the child is yet to be consciously aware that they have the brain gender identity of something other than their assigned birth sex, there is nothing to be insistent about. The point of my post? Don't wait for your child to insist that they are transgender or needs to transition in order to open up the lines of communication. Ask a lot of questions about how your child is feeling. If you sense gender is a source of internal conflict or stress, make it known it is a topic that is welcomed in your home. Ask creative questions to find out how your child experiences their gender. Be honest about options that are available in regards to transitioning. (Doing so will not make your child transgender or “plant” ideas in their head. Transition is not an appealing option for non-transgender child.) If you still sense distress but they are not being open about their feelings, seek a consultation with a gender therapist trained in interviewing children. The benefits of early intervention (and transition if right for the child), are many. If you are transgender, looking back to yourself as a child: How consistently did you express a cross-gender identification? How long did this persist before you transitioned? Were you insistent about it?
Advertisements
State and local threats to voting rights have exploded in the three years since the U.S. Supreme Court attacked a critical constitutional protection for minority voters, despite overwhelming evidence of discrimination, a new report by the NAACP reveals.
Democracy Diminished (pdf), released by the NAACP's Legal Defense and Education Fund (LDF), looks at disenfranchisement around the country since the Supreme Court effectively blocked Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act—which requires certain jurisdictions with a history of racial discrimination against voters to submit proposed voting changes to the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) or a federal court in Washington, D.C. for pre-clearance—in its 2013 ruling on Shelby County, Alabama v. Holder.
Following the decision, Alabama quickly enacted long-proposed rules requiring photo IDs at the ballot box, which studies have shown hinders turnout in Black and Latino communities; in Arizona, polling places were reduced in the only two districts with sizable Black populations; in another part of the state, lawmakers passed a bill that makes it a felony to collect and turn in other people's ballots—which opponents say targets Native American voters who live on remote reservations far away from polling places.
In North Carolina, which has served as a ground zero for the voting rights debate after Governor Pat McCrory (R) signed some of the most restrictive voter ID rules in the nation, hundreds of thousands of voters reported difficulties casting ballots or even getting accurate poll location information. Approximately 318,000 registered voters in the state, majority Black and Latino, did not have photo IDs as of the March 2016 primaries.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The report "shows how the Supreme Court's decision in the Shelby County case—which second-guessed the judgment of Congress, the testimony of experts and overwhelming evidence of voting discrimination—has left millions of minority voters vulnerable to voter suppression schemes in towns, counties, and states across the country," said LDF's president and director-counsel Sherrilyn Ifill.
"Until the Voting Rights Act is fully intact, we must all play a role in protecting every individual's right to vote," Leah Aden, LDF senior counsel and lead author of the report, said Thursday. "We urge Congress to hold immediate hearings on legislation introduced to amend the Voting Rights Act."
The Court's 2013 ruling also found Section 4(b) of the Voting Rights Act—which determines which jurisdictions must submit to pre-clearance—to be unconstitutional; while justices stopped short of making the same decision for Section 5, its direct link to Section 4(b) rendered it inoperable, sparking outcry from critics.
LDF's report echoes similar findings by civil rights advocates who warned in March that the Shelby decision "ushered in a renaissance of voter disenfranchisement" that must be stopped before the general election.
Marshall came back to Magic after discovering Limited and never looked back. He hosts the Limited Resources podcast and does Grand Prix and Pro Tour video commentary.
I listen to other people. It's a habit I developed a while ago and it has served me well over the years. I listened to my stepdad when he told me to save a percentage of my paycheck every month, no matter what. I also listened to my actual dad when he told me to buy the motorcycle I wanted, because you only get one shot at life and you gotta live it up.
I've found that most people who want to tell you something have a reason for it, especially if it falls under the category of advice. Don't get me wrong; I don't take all advice I get, I just listen to it. There is a big difference between listening to what someone tells you and acting on it. I acknowledge that there are wiser people than I in this world, but I also don't sell myself short.
Night's Whisper | Art by John Severin Brassell
When it comes to Magic, I'll listen to almost anything anyone says. Sometimes I disagree with them, and sometimes I will make them aware that I disagree with them. Other times I just listen. It's important to see how different people approach this game.
Thanks to my gig on the video coverage team for Wizards of the Coast, I'm exposed to many professional Magic players. Having befriended some of them, I get to ask them questions. And I get to listen.
Recently, I asked Ben Stark a question about a pick in a draft, but I already knew the answer. I just wanted to see how he would approach the question, and what direction his answer would take. In a world of "not remotely close" descriptors, it's a valuable resource indeed when someone will explain his or her thought process.
BWong
The person I get to listen to the most when it comes to Limited, though, is my podcasting cohost, Brian Wong. For those who don't know him, Brian is a bit of an enigma from the Pacific Northwest Magic scene. He's a world-class Limited player but doesn't enjoy traveling to tournaments, so he stays relatively unknown on the professional Magic circuit.
Brian Wong
After our first podcast together, I knew he would be a great fit not only for the show, but for me too. In fact, we may be too similar when it comes to how we view cards and formats. (The truth is that I like the unified front.) As a result of doing the show with him for a while now, I have assimilated some of his strategies into my own.
I've heard Brian talk about all types of topics in Limited, but the one that has stuck out the most is the Quadrant Theory. I teased this in an article a while ago, and today I am going to teach you my version of the Quadrant Theory.
Four Buckets
Quadrant Theory is a way to view new cards in order to help you come to a conclusion. It's a card-evaluation technique, and it puts cards on an interesting axis that you may not have considered before.
The first thing to understand is that in Limited, board state is queen: 99% percent of games in Limited will be decided by board state. There are essentially zero strategies in Limited where you can ignore the board. In Constructed, there are decks that can simply "goldfish"(play your deck, ignoring your opponent's actions) their way to victory.
Not so in Limited.
Chord of Calling | Art by Karl Kopinski
Limited games are won by creatures. You need more creatures than your opponent, or bigger ones, or more evasive ones. Or removal to mitigate your opponent's board state, thereby improving your own.
If board state is the most important thing to consider for Limited, then let's break down the most common board states into four handy quadrants:
Opening or Developing. Both players are playing cards from their opening hands, and establishing themselves as the aggressor or the control player. This is the early part of the game, and one that is critical to how the rest of the game will play out. Parity. Both players have played most or all of the spells from their hands, but neither has been able to establish a dominating board position. It's a stalemate, with the top of the deck providing the only fuel available to both players. Winning. You have two big flying creatures attacking in the air while your walls gum up the ground, for example. If nothing changes, you win the game in three turns. This is one possible winning board state. Losing. See Winning, but the opposite. You are being beaten down by some threats you can't handle, and you need an answer fast.
Deeper
Look at each of these quadrants and specifically keep your eye out for what is most important from a card-evaluation perspective. Remember that a card can be good in multiple quadrants, so don't have the mindset of putting the cards into individual buckets.
If you see a card that is bad in all quadrants, you have yourself an unplayable. If you see a card that is good in all four quadrants, you have an all-star.
Opening or Developing. Cards that are good in the opening stages of a game are usually just cards that you can cast during this part of the game. Two-drop creatures are the bread-and-butter of this stage, but it goes all the way up to five mana or so. Tempo plays and combat tricks flourish here, as well as cheap removal. Cards like this let you get ahead, and stay ahead.
Triplicate Spirits | Art by Izzy
Amphin Pathmage | Art by Mark Winters
Magic 2015 examples: Amphin Pathmage, Jace's Ingenuity, Soul of [Anything], Kird Chieftain, Burning Anger, Spectra Ward.
A card that breaks parity does so by being a really big stick or by being a silent poison dart. Winning. This one is easy. Imagine you have a sweet opening hand where you play a two-, three-, and four-drop, right on curve. What a dream. But when you look at your hand after you play that four-drop, you realize you've only drawn lands so far and are out of gas. What do you need to leverage your currently superior board state and finish off your opponent?
Generally speaking: any spell. If a card is good enough to go in your deck, it's going to affect the board and help push you onto victory. Sure, you'd prefer your big five- and six-drops at this point, but really anything would help turn this great start into a victory.
Lava Axe | Art by Brian Snoddy
Magic 2015 examples: Lava Axe, Overwhelm, Sanctified Charge, Into the Void.
The best cards here are the ones that slam the door as quickly as possible on the opponent. It doesn't take much to be good in this quadrant, but the best close out the game quickly.
Losing. This is the most important and hardest quadrant to be great in. Cards that can dig you out of a losing position don't come around too often, and they are highly sought after when they do show up.
What we are looking for here are cards that either kill a lot of creatures at once (like a sweeper effect) or creatures that block incredibly well.
There are other types of cards, but remember we are focusing on board states here. The come-from-behind cards have to affect the board in a major way.
Hornet Queen | Art by Martina Pilcerova
Piecing it All Together
When you look at a new card, ask yourself how this card performs in each of the four quadrants. The goal isn't to find cards that perform excellently in all quadrants (although when you do, it's pretty amazing), but instead to find cards that at least do well in most of them. Cards that help out in the most diverse set of circumstances are more valuable than cards that only work well in some.
Versatility matters. Cards that do something at all stages of the game carry a lot of the weight for your deck and should be valued highly.
Let's explore a classic example to test out the Quadrant Theory.
This card has been remade in many different forms over the lifetime of Magic. My guess is that we'll see it again someday, even if there isn't a version in Magic 2015.
To the quadrants!
Developing: It's not very good here. We want to commit to the board, not temporarily affect it.
Parity: It's not very good here, either. Getting in for one hit is nice, but it'll rarely break the game open for you. Sometimes you can steal a key creature to allow a game-winning attack, but usually it'll just be OK at best.
Winning: Ah ha, this is where this type of card truly shines. You can absolutely slam the door on your opponent's chances by getting off to a quick start then stealing a big blocker and killing your opponent with it.
Losing: Threaten effects are terrible while you are losing because they don't affect the board.
Threaten effects excel at closing out a victory, but leave a lot to be desired in the other three quadrants. This is where you have to consider things like other synergies in your deck and how aggressive your deck is before including the Threaten card in your deck.
Takeaways
Cards that don't affect the board at all, or require some arcane set of circumstances to be good, will often miss on all four quadrants. Cards that are good in all quadrants are the ones to keep your eye out for.
Whenever you are looking at a new card, try putting it to the quadrant test to give you a decent idea of how good the card is in the most common variety of board states for Limited.
What is the best quadrant card you can think of?
One came to my mind right away.
Until next week!
@Marshall_LR
Nemanja Vidić has exited Inter Milan via mutual termination of his contract six months before it was due to expire.
The veteran centre-half is now a free agent after leaving Internazionale, for whom he had not played a single match this season.
Although fans of a number of Premier League clubs have demanded he be signed, it appears the 34-year-old could now be heading to the United States and Major League Soccer .
Right if I was Jurgen Klopp and Liverpool, i'd take advantage of Inter cancelling Vidic's contract and sign him up!! Quality CB!
Interesting move by Inter Milan to cancel Nemanja Vidic's contract. Looks like off to MLS, but plenty PL teams could do worse... — Mark Ogden (@MarkOgden_) January 12, 2016
Vidić came through the youth ranks at Red Star Belgrade in his native Serbia, before signing for Manchester United for a fee of £7million in December 2005 from Spartak Moscow.
He went on to become one of the most celebrated players at the club in recent years.
I would love Vidic back at United. — Chloe Lauren Hoyle (@ChloeHoyle__) January 12, 2016
In over eight years at United Vidić established a formidable defensive partnership with Rio Ferdinand, forming the base of the team that won five Premier League crowns, three League Cups and one Champions League title.
Photo: AP
In addition to his extensive trophy haul at Old Trafford, Vidić was capped 56 times for Serbia between 2002 and 2011.
Fans of both Manchester United and Liverpool have called for him to be signed as soon as possible. However, with Liverpool signing Steven Caulker to cover their injury concerns in defence, it seems unlikely he'll be getting a call from Jurgen Klopp.
Whether the United legend would want to turn out at Anfield is also highly questionable.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has not shown any inclination towards signing Vidić, who has failed to get a look in at an Inter Milan team that sits only third in Serie A currently.
* Port of my ancient MOD from normal edition. Old-fashioned but maybe useful in early modding stage.1. DescriptionI am very tired of seeing Dovahkiin stand with nothing to do.I've always wondered why I cannot warm my hands with campfire,or why I cannot take a bath in hot spring near Darkwater Crossing.So I created this.Maybe there are similar mods somewhere but I cannot find out.I just share this for someone's convenience.2. How To UseThere are 2 kinds of powers. One is to relax, the other is to customize.TO RELAX:Just invoke 'Dovahkiin's Relax' by shout button.It's safe to invoke the power in city since it's silent.Invoke and relax, then invoke and start off.(Some action does this automatically - see message shown in top-left corner)What happens will vary by what your Dovahkiin is facing in front.If you shout it toward ...- nothing, but you unsheathed your weapons, equipping shield:you will bash your shiled with your weapon.- nothing, weapons sheathed, someone's hostile to you:you will stretch or blow horn if you belong to civil war faction.- someone:prompt will show up asking if you want to greet to him/her.- anything or nothing, but in SNEAK stance:prompt will show up asking what to do. (Sit/Lie/Ledge sit/Meditate)- hand-warming fires as campfires, bonfires, forge, etc.:you will warm hands. If there is a bard singing, you will dance.- singing bard:you will dance.- chairs, benches, tables:you will sit down and eat/drink something (pretendedly) or read some book.- beds, bedrolls:you will lay down and sleep(if they are vanilla beds - may not work for mod beds.)Caution - It's never comparing to great SeeYouSleep. Just for tasting.- stumps:you will sit down on them.(Do you remember the first visit to Riverwood on Stormcloak side?)- walls that someone can lean on:you can also lean on it if not used.- rails that someone can lean on:you can also lean on it if not used.- bar counters that barkeepers wait:you can also wait there if not used.- meditation place in High Hrothgar:you will meditate there.- dedicated place for praying:you will pray (raising your arms in front, standing) there.Perhaps you can cooperate with Heimskr.- some tables with maps:you will lean on the table and investigate the map.- chickens:you will feed them. At first you will greet to them.Never mind. Talk to animals.- crops:you will hoe around them.- nothing:you will do something including sweeping the floor,reading books or notes, or eating/drinking something (pretendedly).TO ENABLE/DISABLE CERTAIN IDLES:Use following switch power. Also see decription in game.DRT: Lazy Man - You will always lie down if you use the power while sneaking.DRT: Pilgrim's Faith - You will meditate if you use the power while sneaking. With Lazy Man combined, action is randomly determined.DRT: Reticent Man - You will not greet.DRT: Touchable Affection - You will hug your spouse if your spouse can respond.DRT: Tough Face - You won't sweep floors, feed chickens, hoe around crops.You will clean your sword or just stand crossing your arms instead.These powers will be added automatically in few minutes from game start.3. Tips, Troubles- You can cancel almost everything by SHOUT AGAIN or JUMP key.Unequip and re-equip your weapon if you have stuck with your weapon in your hand.- Change your camera to 3rd person view by your own.I don't want to lock your camera, nor disable your control.Doing them from script sometimes invoke bugs of Skyrim.- WARNING: DO NOT TRY SLEEPING ON BEDROLLS IN SMALL TENT.Your camera cannot work properly there (since normally you cannot enter there).This won't break the game(at least if you could use console commands),but extra care is needed to build your immersion with campsite mods.See also next section.4. Option StuffFor people who want animated sleep anywhere than fixed beds and bedrolls,I prepared portable bedroll. You can create them at tanning rack,or purchase it at general store, such as Belethor's General Goods Store.Search 'Packed bedroll'(xx005e34) there.To use portable bedroll, follow procedure below.(1)Drop 'Packed bedroll' to the ground. Place it where you want.(2)SNEAK activate it. Actual 'Portable bedroll' will be rolled out.(3)Sleep by relax power or normal activation.If you sleep with activation, it will work like SeeYouSleep.Actual sleep dialog shows up after 15 sec pause, or activating bedroll again(though the crosshair is invisible - look down and press 'E').(4)SNEAK activate 'Portable bedroll' to pack it again.5. MCM support (not yet available for Skyrim Special Edition)If you are using SkyUI 3.1+ (and corresponding SKSE) you can configureDovahkiin Relaxes Too from Mod Configuration Menu in System Menu.You can toggle certain idles described in section 2, and also enable/disableconfiguration powers in your spell list.6. InstallCopy all files in archive into /Data folder.Then run the launcher. See Data Files, and make sure following modules are checked.- Skyrim.esm- Update.esm- dovahkiinrelax.espIf you still have crashes by this configuration, change 'Load Order' of dovahkiinrelax as top or bottom.7. UninstallDelete all files below:Data/dovahkiinrelax.espData/scripts/aaarelax.pexData/scripts/aaadovahkiinrelaxquest.pexData/scripts/aaafoodsackplacer.pexData/scripts/aaaRelaxSwitcher.pexData/scripts/aaadovahkiinrelaxcompatibility.pexData/scripts/DRTMCMConfigMenu.pexData/scripts/aaadovahkiinrelaxupdaterscript.pexData/scripts/aaarelaxpostsleepscript.pexData/scripts/source/aaarelax.pscData/scripts/source/aaadovahkiinrelaxquest.pscData/scripts/source/aaafoodsackplacer.pscData/scripts/source/aaaRelaxSwitcher.pscData/scripts/source/aaadovahkiinrelaxcompatibility.pscData/scripts/source/DRTMCMConfigMenu.pscData/scripts/source/aaadovahkiinrelaxupdaterscript.pscData/scripts/source/aaarelaxpostsleepscript.pscData/Interface/Translations/dovahkiinrelax_ENGLISH.txt8. Version History2016.11.12 - Ported to Skyrim Special Edition.2013.2.15 1.6 - Package fix: excluded SkyUI's script. Enhance: Introduced prompt for sneaking and greeting. Adjustment: LazyMan & PilgrimsFaith work deterministically, not random. Bug fix: Correctly revert to sneaking position. Enhance: Fix for fires&beds&chairs in Dawnguard & Dragonborn.2013.1.19 1.5 - Enhance: MCM support, leaning on table, dance toward singing bard, aborting dance. Bug fix: bar counter stuck, consequent bard song stuck.2012.4.9 1.4 - Enhance: Idle control function, Combat idle.2012.4.2 1.3 - Bug fix: Winterhold warp and possible crash. Enhance: HighHrothgar courtesy and market study.2012.3.31 1.2 - Bug fix: for extraordinary heavy idlers. Enhance: Pray and ledge sit.2012.3.30 1.1 - Bug fix: opposite heading sleeping on beds.2012.3.29 1 - initial.Appendix. International ResourcesJapanese translation by Hydragoon: http://skup.dip.jp/up/up02214.zipItalian translation by Andre7890: http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/downloads/file.php?id=14409Spanish translation by obla: http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/downloads/file.php?id=14477Czech translation by GrimReaperCZ: http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/downloads/file.php?id=14675French translation by Nitmara: http://www.confrerie-des-traducteurs.fr/skyrim/mods/jouabilite/le_dovahkiin_se_detend_aussi.phpGerman Translation by Thoddy398: http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/30928Spanish Translation by lobita: http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/33432Thank you for your contribution.Appendix.Skyrim Mods Weekly featured this mod. I link it here based on agreement with its author.Skyrim Mod Series also featured this mod. I link it here based on agreement with its author.
"I won," Donald Trump said. "I think that social media has more power than the money they spent, and I think maybe to a certain extent, I proved that." | Getty Trump says social media was key to victory
Donald Trump says he'll continue to tweet as president.
In a preview clip of a CBS “60 Minutes” interview to air Sunday, the president-elect said social media is a "modern form of communication" that played a key role in his election victory.
Story Continued Below
"When you give me a bad story or when you give me an inaccurate story or when somebody other than you and another— a network, or whatever, because of course, CBS would never do a thing like that right? I have a method of fighting back," Trump told reporter Lesley Stahl.
When asked whether he will continue to tweet as president, Trump said he is "going to be very restrained."
"There should be nothing we should be ashamed of. It's where it's at. I do believe this," he said.
Trump said Twitter, Facebook and Instagram, on which he claimed a combined 28 million followers, helped him win the primary and general elections even though his opponents spent "much more money than I spent."
"I won," he said. "I think that social media has more power than the money they spent, and I think maybe to a certain extent, I proved that."
UNLESS you are a hermit, you own and consume things that have passed through the port of Rotterdam. Last year the port handled 466m tonnes of cargo, more than double the amount of Europe's second port, Antwerp. The endless shifts in the size and composition of these flows provide an instant indicator of the state of the world economy. And the trends that are transforming the port's operations—automation and the shift away from fossil fuels—give a sense of the future too.
Thanks to its easy access for big ships from the Atlantic and for barges from the interior, Rotterdam has been Europe's dominant port for much of modern history. Its success is man-made: in the mid-19th century, when the Ruhr region of Germany was industrialising, Rotterdammers dug a channel to connect the Maas river, which runs through the city, to the Rhine, creating the most shipworthy route from Europe's industrial heartland to the North Sea.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The port has been evolving in sympathy with the global economy ever since: in the mid-20th century, new handling and storage facilities for oil and chemicals were built to cater to the post-war boom. As globalisation gathered pace in the 1990s and 2000s, the port expanded further into the sea, to provide berths for the mega-ships bringing sneakers and flat screens from Asia to Europe.
Activity at the port today bears witness to four trends currently shaping the world economy: the low price of oil, slow growth in China and emerging markets, the sluggish euro-area recovery and the global slowdown in manufacturing and trade. From his office overlooking the Maas, Eelco Hoekstra, the boss of Vopak, the world's largest independent storage company of “all things liquid”, sees the physical manifestation of movements in energy markets sailing by each day.
In 2014, he recalls, when fracking was flooding America with cheap natural gas, huge cargoes of American coal suddenly started floating past. Gas was displacing coal in America but remained expensive in Europe, since America had little export capacity. So European utilities began snapping up the unwanted American coal instead: more of it was exported to the Netherlands than to any other country in 2014 and the first half of 2015.
Soon after, the price of oil collapsed. Big consumers expected a relatively prompt revival, however, judging by the price of futures contracts. Rotterdam's vast storage tanks quickly filled, as traders bought cheap crude on the spot market and sold futures at a higher price, locking in a profit. The low oil price, meanwhile, has helped pad margins at refineries and chemical plants, spurring a flurry of activity in Rotterdam's sprawling industrial complexes.
The oil price fell thanks in part to slowing growth in China, which is also evident in the sudden appearance of Chinese ships offloading surplus steel. This in turn means fewer barges are taking iron ore down the Rhine to German steel mills. Declining sales of German cars in China compound the problem, as carmakers consume less steel. The drop in shipments of bulk goods arriving in Rotterdam, says Allard Castelein, CEO of the port, is a direct result of this baleful cycle.
The relative strength of the American and British economies is some compensation. In 2015 so-called “RoRo” (roll-on roll-off) traffic of lorries crossing the North Sea to Britain increased by 13% compared with the year before. America-bound cargo has also held up well. There are also a few countries from which imports to Rotterdam are growing fast. As wages in China have risen, says Roderick de la Houssaye of van Uden, a logistics firm, his clients—particularly makers of shoes and clothes—are relocating. Some have gone to places with lower wages, such as Indonesia and Vietnam; others to closer manufacturing regions such as Turkey, which are less likely to suffer from transport disruption.
Some people see “near-shoring” to places like Turkey as a sign that globalisation is ebbing. The Baltic Dry Index, which tracks the cost of moving raw materials by sea, hit a record low in February. That is partly the result of a ship-building binge, but also of faltering demand. For the past few years world trade has been growing no faster than the world economy—the reverse of the usual pattern; in dollar terms, it declined by almost 14% in 2015.
All this can clearly be felt in Rotterdam, where one in four containers originates in China. “When Singapore's harbour is empty, it's hard to see how we can be full,” says Mr Castelein. Although the volume of goods handled in the port grew by 4.9% last year, this was almost entirely thanks to the increased trade in oil and oil products. Container volumes dropped by 1.1% and agricultural bulk by 3.8%.
Whether this slowdown is just a temporary dip or a permanent one is the subject of a heated debate. Mr Hoekstra is convinced that intercontinental trade will continue to grow. In the past 15 years he has seen shipments of oil and refined products quadruple. The main driver, he says, is a growing imbalance between those who have natural resources and those who need them. As oil and gas production becomes ever more concentrated in a few places, the need to ship and store the stuff will only grow, he thinks. Russia and the Middle East have too much oil; Asia too little. Europe has a shortage of diesel but a surplus of gasoline, which South Africa, in turn, wants more of—and so on.
Port in a storm
But Bart Kuipers of Erasmus University argues that a number of trends all push in the same direction: less container traffic. Economies are shifting from industry to services; advances in logistics and technology, such as near-shoring and 3-D printing, are making it more practical to manufacture things in the rich world; recycling drives are sapping the incentive to import.
Rotterdam provides much more conclusive evidence of another trend that will shape the world economy: automation. Earlier this year its crane-drivers, often referred to as “the kings of the terminal”, went on a 24-hour strike that paralysed large parts of the port for the first time in 13 years. They were protesting against competition from robots. In 2013 the opening of “Maasvlakte 2”, which extended the port by a fifth by reclaiming land from the sea, was welcomed as a feat of engineering not just because it made the Netherlands 20km² (8 square miles) bigger, but also because its new “ghost” terminals run with almost no human intervention. In an episode of “The Wire”, a hit American TV drama, a stevedore at the port of Baltimore declares a jazzy promotional video about Rotterdam to be a “horror movie”.
AGVs on the march
In this part of the port, there is no hustle and bustle. Crane-drivers have been replaced by “remote crane operators”, who sit in a distant office in front of computer screens, using joysticks to control as many as three cranes at once. The cranes lift containers onto self-driving, battery-powered automated guided vehicles (AGVs), which deliver them to stacks to be distributed by truck, train or barge. When their batteries run out, the AGVs drive to a depot where robots remove the spent ones and insert replacements. It is eerily quiet and dark, as the AGVs do not need light to navigate.
Humans' main role is to stay out of the way; an AGV is about as heavy as a small aircraft and the whole system shuts down if any unexpected people or vehicles enter the terminal. APM Terminals, which operates part of Maasvlakte 2, hopes each crane will be able to move over 40 containers per hour in this way, compared with 30 or so in less advanced facilities. That cuts shipping times, saving lots of money. It is also far safer and, as one shipping executive notes, “Robots don't take breaks or strike.” Sensing mortal danger to their livelihoods, workers are threatening more strikes unless the management promises to preserve their jobs and salaries.
Another area of evolution concerns how the new parts of the port are powered. The AGVs and cranes in the new terminals are all electric, and an increasing number of windmills and solar panels provide much of the power the port consumes. All this reduces emissions of greenhouse gases, in keeping with increasingly restrictive European rules. The port is also investing in all sorts of climate-friendly experiments, from using residual heat from industry to warm homes and offices in the city to storing carbon under the seabed.
Nonetheless, notes Jan Rotmans of Erasmus University, “Everything in the port breathes fossil.” Much of its business comes from the shipping and storing of oil, coal and other polluting fuels. Shell and ExxonMobil recently announced that they would spend some €2 billion ($2.2 billion) expanding their refineries in Rotterdam.
Mr Rotmans wonders whether this business will continue to grow. That depends on whether the rest of the world will follow the port's lead in terms of curbing its emissions. Rotterdam and other ports are not perfect bellwethers for the world economy: they give little indication, for instance, of what is happening in services, since lawyers and consultants don't tend to travel in ships. But, horror movie or not, it is hard to deny that Rotterdam's docks reflect glimmers of the future.
Noah Has Already Been Banned In A Bunch Of Countries By Mack Rawden Random Article Blend Noah's message allegedly straying a bit from the holy source material, but that outrage is apparently nothing compared to the pushback so far in the Middle East. Prior to its release date, the movie has already been banned in several countries and analysts are predicting it will suffer the same censored fate in much of the region.
According to
"Al-Azhar renews its rejection to the screening of any production that characterizes Allah's prophets and messengers and the companions of the Prophet [Mohammed]. Therefore, Al-Azhar announces the prohibition of the upcoming film about the Allah's messenger Noah — peace be upon him."
People often think of the major world religions as existing separate from one another, but the truth is there's a ton of overlap. Many of the prophets in Christianity, Islam and Judaism are the same people, and many of the oldest stories are found in all three of the religious texts. So, radically altering a story has the potential to piss off a ton of people. That being said, at this point, we really don't know how much of Noah's tale has actually been altered.
Some have said the studio and director Darren Aronofsky turned the flood into a commentary about environmentalism, but many of those theories are based on an early script that may or may not have too much in common with what audiences will see. In addition, Paramount has tested numerous cuts of the film, and while executives reportedly decided to go with
The success or failure of Noah will likely correspond to whether or not a high percentage of American and Canadian Christians
You can remind yourself of what we'll see with Noah by watching the
A certain segment of Christians might be upset aboutmessage allegedly straying a bit from the holy source material, but that outrage is apparently nothing compared to the pushback so far in the Middle East. Prior to its release date, the movie has already been banned in several countries and analysts are predicting it will suffer the same censored fate in much of the region.According to The New York Daily News , Qatar, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates have all given the movie the big ugly axe, and there are currently loud calls in Egypt to do the same thing. The government hasn't released any kind of official response to the murmurs, but you can check out what a leading Sunni Muslim Institute had to say below…People often think of the major world religions as existing separate from one another, but the truth is there's a ton of overlap. Many of the prophets in Christianity, Islam and Judaism are the same people, and many of the oldest stories are found in all three of the religious texts. So, radically altering a story has the potential to piss off a ton of people. That being said, at this point, we really don't know how much of Noah's tale has actually been altered.Some have said the studio and director Darren Aronofsky turned the flood into a commentary about environmentalism, but many of those theories are based on an early script that may or may not have too much in common with what audiences will see. In addition, Paramount has tested numerous cuts of the film, and while executives reportedly decided to go with Aronofsky's vision , we really don't know what's different about his preference.The success or failure ofwill likely correspond to whether or not a high percentage of American and Canadian Christians hit up the theater. As such, these countries refusing to show the film are quite an annoyance for Paramount, but they shouldn't mean the difference between success or failure.You can remind yourself of what we'll see withby watching the trailer below… Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Damascus, SANA – The Embassy of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) in Damascus held a ceremony on Monday for naming a park in Kafrsouseh neighborhood in Damascus after Kim Il-sung and inaugurating a memorial a monument in the street bearing the same name in the neighborhood.
The ceremony was held to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the DPRK and forming the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK).
Member of the Al-Baath Arab Socialist Party and had of the Syrian-Korean friendship association Fairouz Moussa delivered a speech during the ceremony, saying that this event emphasizes the relations between the two countries, voicing appreciation for the DPRK's support for the Syrian people.
In a statement to the press after the ceremony, Deputy Foreign and Expatriates Minister Fayssal Mikdad asserted that the relations between Syria and the DPRK are strong, lauding the DPRK's support for Syria in the face of terrorism and affirming the need to improve bilateral relations.
Likewise, DPRK Ambassador in Damascus Jang Myong Ho said that the crisis that has been affecting Syria for over four years is the result of conspiracies and plots by the U.S. and its pawns with the aim of toppling Syria and establishing control over the Middle East, voicing confidence that the Syrian Arab Army will emerge victorious.
In the 1980s, I started a group called Courage, to "cure" homosexuality. Although today the "ex-gay" ministry seems offensive, back then it was cutting edge, in that we were reaching out to the gay community. The rest of the church just said, "You're wasting your time, they're going to go to hell." We didn't have a "deliverance" approach, but there were some ministries that regarded homosexuals as being possessed by a demonic spirit that could be cast out. We adopted the psychoanalytic idea of an unfortunate family background: distant father, overbearing mother – and this was just a boy looking for a father's love. The idea was that if placed in an affirming male environment, you'd grow out of your desires.
I'd known I was gay from about the age of 13. I got on well with girls, but I didn't feel the sexual chemistry I felt when I watched Richard Chamberlain in Dr Kildare. In those days you could never talk about it. It was a lonely, frightening world.
Then, in 1973, I started going to a Baptist church. It was different from the Anglican one I'd been brought up in. It taught the Bible as being literally true. When I confided in the pastors, they said that resisting homosexual urges was the same as resisting the temptation to steal or lie.
Even though the law changed in 1957 with the Wolfenden Report, the rest of society lagged behind. There was still a sense that what I felt was criminal. But back then, nobody had sex before marriage. That I couldn't have a relationship didn't seem too bad when all the people around me weren't either. It got more difficult later on, when one by one they got married and I was still on my own.
Then, in 1986, I came across a group called the True Freedom Trust and went to one of their meetings, for lesbian and gay Christians who wanted to "overcome" their sexuality. This was the first time I'd met any gay Christians, and it was a huge relief. One evening there was a young man visiting from San Francisco who told how this "ex-gay" ministry called Love In Action had saved him from being a male prostitute. He talked about how God could change your life and how part of that positive change was you wouldn't be gay any more. I went to train with them, and returned to England to set up Courage. We ran a residential programme called Steps Out Of Homosexuality. People came from all over Europe. I did feel attractions, but we believed wholesome friendship was the answer, so I turned my battles into a great cause.
In 1991 I married an amazing woman, the first to lead a (free) church in the UK. We were both in our early 40s, had been good friends for many years, and did not want to be on our own for the rest of our lives. My wife is not a lesbian, but we thought we could at least live a life of companionship and mutual support.
A few years later, we had to close our live-in discipleship houses, but I kept in touch with people afterwards and was dismayed to see what happened. Once people were on their own again, their world collapsed. Family and friends would say, "So, when are we going to hear wedding bells?" It never occurred to them that maybe you are gay because that's just the way you are. I began to see more people losing hope, getting severely depressed. One made a serious suicide attempt.
By the end of the 1990s, the only ones doing well were those who'd accepted they were gay and found a partner. It was as if a great burden had been shifted, that they thought, "Now at last I know who I am. I know I'm in love with somebody and they love me." I thought, this is the kind of result we hoped they'd achieve living an upright Christian life, but they're finding that contentment just being themselves. I began to think that perhaps we'd got it really wrong.
I still run Courage, but now it's with a belief that you can be gay and Christian. We offer a chance to meet other gay Christians and support committed same-sex relationships. It's been difficult for my wife, because she's naturally very concerned that I might therefore decide, "That's it, I want to go and find a man." But we're coming up to retirement age and I wouldn't feel happy just to leave her – feeling abandoned after all we've been through together. Ours may not be the traditional heterosexual romance, but the care for one another's wellbeing is just as real. I try not to look back, but I know I've missed out in a big way – and so has she. She should have been with some heterosexual guy who adored her, as she should be adored.
• Do you have an experience to share? Email experience@theguardian.com
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (AP) — Jaguars receiver Marqise Lee says he was flagged for using a racial slur in Jacksonville's 33-16 loss to Oakland on Sunday. Lee acknowledged Monday that it was the reason for his unsportsmanlike conduct penalty late in the third quarter, a flag that seemingly started Jacksonville's fourth-quarter meltdown in which defensive tackle Malik Jackson and cornerback Jalen Ramsey were ejected.
"I got flagged for saying the N-word," Lee said. "It was back and forth. In the midst of the game, emotion is going from both teams. It just so happened the ref heard me, so therefore I got the flag. I've just got to fess up to it."
Lee said he and several Raiders were "going back and forth as far as the words and stuff." The fourth-year receiver from USC said he let his emotions get the best of him and said "it went both ways."
The NFL made racial slurs a point of emphasis in 2014, reminding officials that the league already had a rule against abusive language.
Lee jogged off the field after his 15-yard penalty and was clearly frustrated as he explained to coach Gus Bradley what happened and why.
"Throughout the whole game, we had a lot of players saying a lot of different things, but that's just the midst of the game," Lee said. "It's kind of hard when you have refs out there trying to limit what people say when you've got grown men hitting each other.
"You've got a lot of things that's going on that's flaring as far as in your mind. ... It wasn't intentional at all. I know he woke up the next day not worrying about it at all, just like I woke up not worrying about it. I feel like you're going to always have that issue because you're going to always have situations flame up and both teams are going back and forth and things are going to get said regardless if the ref likes it or not."
Lee finished with seven receptions for 107 yards.
The Raiders were flagged 11 times for 117 yards. The Jaguars were penalized 13 times for 112 yards.
"That's a reflection of me as a head coach," Bradley said Monday. "It's a reflection of our discipline. It's a reflection of how our culture is and how we talk and how we handle things. Yeah, that part of it, that hits home with me because obviously it's my responsibility, the demeanor of this team and how we approach things and how we play with poise.
"I take personal responsibility for that."
Jackson was penalized twice on the same play in the fourth, first for roughing the passer on a third-and-10 play, and then for using abusive language toward an official. He was ejected four plays later following another exchange with an official. Jackson ran to the locker room, seemingly eager to get off the field early.
"It's an emotional game and we have to go out here and balance playing emotions from when to say things, not when to say things and not when to do things," Jackson said. "It's just hard to balance. Sometimes you lose control, and I think that's what happened. We lost control, but I don't see this being a tendency. I don't see this being an issue, and we're going to move forward."
Ramsey and Raiders receiver Johnny Holton were ejected for fighting in the final minutes of the lopsided matchup.
"They probably don't want me to say this, but I'm going to just keep it real with y'all," Ramey said. "If I was out there nine more times, I would do the same thing. I don't think I should have been thrown out of the game for it. Neither do I think he should have been thrown out of the game for it, to be real with you. But I'm not going to be disrespectful."
___
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and AP NFL Twitter feed: http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
An Atlanta City Council committee swiftly approved Tuesday the appointment of disbarred former councilman H. Lamar Willis to an authority that oversees the redevelopment of blighted properties.
The decision must now receive approval from a second council committee before it heads to the full council for confirmation next week.
Mayor Kasim Reed recently informed the Atlanta City Council that he is appointing Willis, a political ally, to the Fulton County/City of Atlanta Land Bank Authority. The authority helps redevelop abandoned and blighted properties and return them to productive use.
The move has raised the ire of taxpayer watchdog groups who say voters sent a clear message when he was ousted from office in the last election.
Willis lost his 2013 election to Andre Dickens just a month after he was disbarred for depositing roughly $30,000 intended for an injured child into his own coffers. At the time, Willis blamed the error on an administrative mix-up during a period of personal struggles.
All but Dickens, who chairs the committee vetting Willis' appointment, voted in his favor on Tuesday.
For updates, return to MYAJC.com.
Supreme court overturns judge's order to mobile phone companies to block access after owner Facebook stood by refusal to intercept texts for police inquiry
WhatsApp officially un-banned in Brazil after third block in eight months
Brazil's federal supreme court has suspended a judge's ruling ordering mobile phone companies to indefinitely block access to Facebook's WhatsApp – the third such decision against the popular phone messaging app in eight months.
The Rio de Janeiro judge Daniela Barbosa ruled that access to the application should be blocked immediately because WhatsApp's owner, Facebook, had shown “total disrespect for Brazilian laws”.
Her decision said Facebook was repeatedly asked to intercept messages sent through the service to help in a criminal investigation in the city of Caxias, outside Rio.
But hours later, her ruling was reversed by supreme court president Ricardo Lewandowski, who said that it seemed “scarcely reasonable or proportional.”
In a post on Facebook, WhatsApp's CEO, Jan Koum, said: “It's shocking that less than two months after Brazilian people and lawmakers loudly rejected blocks of services like WhatsApp, history is repeating itself.”
In February, a judge from north-eastern state of Alagoas made a similar ruling in a separate investigation, but the order was overturned hours later.
Whatsapp was also briefly blocked in December after an order by a judge in São Paulo. Hours later, a separate judge lifted the restrictions on that grounds that “it does not seem reasonable that millions of users are affected” because of the company's wrongdoing.
“We're pleased that people can access WhatsApp again in Brazil,” a company spokesman said. “The Supreme Court swiftly rejected today's block, finding that it was disproportionate and violated people's fundamental freedom of expression.
In his decision, the chief justice stressed how people from across Brazil, including members of the judiciary, rely on WhatsApp to communicate with others every day, and that they bear the greatest burden when a service is blocked. We hope that this puts an end to blocks that have punished millions of Brazilians and that people can continue using services like WhatsApp to stay in touch with those who matter to them.”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The rockhopper penguins have been "curious" about the goings on at the panda enclosure
People queuing to see the panda enclosure at Edinburgh Zoo are being hit by penguin droppings as the curious birds have been watching proceedings.
Rockhopper penguins have been standing along the edge of their enclosure since the pandas arrived earlier this month.
The penguins are higher than the panda enclosure due to the site being on Corstorphine Hill.
Now officials are planning to build a glass panel in a bid to stop people being hit by the guano.
Gary Wilson, Edinburgh Zoo's director of business operations, said: "Our rockhopper penguins in particular have been watching the events at the panda enclosure below with great interest, ever since work started on the enclosure.
"Extremely curious birds, they often gather next to the wall to see what's happening below.
"We're hoping it's not a case of monochrome jealousy, but one or two of our rockhoppers seem to have had surprisingly good aim.
Image caption The panda queue stands beside the high wall of the penguin enclosure
"We're just looking into a solution right now, probably in the form of a glass panel so that the visitors' view of the penguins isn't obscured."
A 41-year-old, who was standing in the panda queue on Sunday said: "We were queuing to see the pandas when a man in front shouted out in surprise that his jacket had been hit by a big dollop of penguin poo.
"It just missed me and my family and it was really oily and stank of fish.
"It was disgusting.
"It looked like it would be really hard to clean off.
"It was quite funny but the zoo should do something so it doesn't happen to anyone else."
Although the pandas arrived from China on 4 December they were given time to recover from their long journey before going on display to the public on Friday.
Visitor numbers
Visitor numbers marked a 200% rise on usual numbers for a December Friday.
Zoo officials said pre-booked tickets for the first weekend were up by about 80% on usual expectations for a pre-Christmas winter weekend.
Image caption Yang Guang settles into his new enclosure at Edinburgh Zoo
Each giant panda enclosure has a glass wall for the public to view the animals.
The pandas' new £250,000 home at the zoo includes two separate enclosures.
When Tian Tian comes into season the pair will be introduced to each other - possibly in February or March.
Tian Tian has had twin cubs in the past, and Yang Guang has also fathered cubs - though not as a pair together.
Animal welfare campaigners have criticised the zoo for accepting the pandas, saying it was a "primarily commercial deal".
They have claimed it is not a credible way to go about saving the giant panda.
Bringing the pandas to Edinburgh has involved a five-year effort by the zoo.
The pair will stay at the zoo for at least 10 years.
John Podesta, the chair of Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign, served as counselor to President Barack Obama and chief of staff to President Bill Clinton.
Okay, it's official. President Trump wants to upend 230 years of constitutional history and principle to run the U.S. justice system like a banana republic, or perhaps more aptly like what now passes for the rule of law in the country he aspires to emulate, the Russian Federation.
What the Founding Fathers built with a written Constitution and 85 Federalist Papers, the president is trying to tear down 140 or 280 characters at a time.
For months, Trump has been trying to divert attention from the walls closing in on his former campaign chairman, his former national security adviser and his own son Donald Trump Jr., who are caught up in the investigation by special counsel Robert S. Mueller III. Trump has practiced some of the favorite tactics of his role model Vladimir Putin, labeling any damaging revelation as "fake news" and practicing a refined form of "whataboutism."
I have been one of the favorite targets of the latter. Whenever Trump gets close to Putin, as he did in Vietnam this weekend, and is asked about Russian efforts to help elect him and damage Hillary Clinton by, among other things, criminally hacking my personal email account, he responds by asking: What about the Clintons? What about John Podesta? The Justice Department should look into them.
"Whataboutism" is reliably useful for triggering breathless speculation by the president's allies on Fox News, in the alt-right media and among Russian trolls.
But what appeared to be a typically Trumpian media damage-control strategy has taken a more lawless and sinister turn. This week, it was reported that Attorney General Jeff Sessions — in an apparent effort to appease Trump — is considering appointing a special counsel to investigate Clinton's role in approving the purchase of Uranium One, a company that owned uranium mines in the United States, by Russia's nuclear energy agency. This matter was thoroughly and exhaustively examined by the mainstream media during the 2016 campaign, leading to the definitive conclusion that Clinton played no role.
That didn't stop Trump from pounding his "beleaguered" attorney general, as recently as Nov. 3, to demand that the Justice Department open a criminal investigation of his defeated opponent. And now it appears that Sessions, weakened by the constant attacks from the president he serves, could succumb to that pressure.
In an almost tragicomic echo of Richard Nixon's statement to John Dean, "it's wrong, that's for sure," Sessions in testimony to the House Judiciary Committee on Tuesday said "the Department of Justice can never be used to retaliate politically against opponents, and that would be wrong." Except that seems to be precisely what is going on.
This is what authoritarians and tyrants do. They use the instruments of state power, particularly the wrath of the prosecutor, to rain opprobrium down upon citizens with whom they disagree. It is what Putin did by using the Russian penal system to break the back of Sergei Magnitsky's anti-corruption campaign and end his life. Our constitutional system of limited power, checks and balances and individual rights has protected us from such abuses of power. Trump is putting that system to the test.
The first line of defense against authoritarianism is an independent Justice Department committed to the rule of law. In 1940, Attorney General (and future Supreme Court Justice) Robert Jackson, in a famous speech to U.S. attorneys in the Great Hall of the Department of Justice warned that when "the prosecutor picks some person whom he dislikes or desires to embarrass, or selects some group of unpopular persons and then looks for an offense, that [is where] the greatest danger of abuse of prosecuting power lies. It is here that law enforcement becomes personal, and the real crime becomes that of being unpopular with the predominant or governing group."
Sessions would do well to read the Jackson speech, and I would hope that he has the mettle to stand up to our imperious president. But his conduct in office does not give me much reason for hope.
As a younger man, when I came to work as a trial attorney at the Justice Department, it was impossible to enter the building without seeing the murals that majestically but plainly reminded us of our traditions and our duty. Justice is a hallowed place, if we keep it that way.
But if Sessions yields to pressure from the president and the president's House Republican allies, it will be a dark day at the department I once proudly served. The rule of law will have been weakened, and our country will be in further peril.
Moto X 2014 update should happen any moment now as Motorola just posted release notes for the Moto X 2014 Android 5.0 Lollipop update. The OTA update was leaked from the soak test last week for the Pure Edition XT1095 variant of the device and was reported to be working flawlessly.
The release notes for the Android 5.0 update states the firmware version to be 22.11.6, which is updated by only 0.0.1 from the version leaked with the soak test update, 22.11.5.
The Android 5.0 Lollipop release notes by Motorola read:
We are excited to announce a new software update for Moto X (2nd Generation) by Motorola. This update brings Android™ 5.0 Lollipop to your phone along with other improvements.
Motorola wouldn't post this on the support pages unless they're really ready for pushing the update. We guess the update should begin rolling out for everyone anytime now. There's also general instructions regarding how to receive and install Lollipop OTA updates on the Moto X 2014.
The release notes for the Lollipop update shared by Motorola shares all the new stuff the Lollipop update will get you on your Moto X. Since, Android 5.0 itself is a pretty huge update, the notes share a lot of info about Android 5.0 features that we already know about. To save your time, here's a list of new features that specifically Motorola is bringing with Lollipop update other than the changes from stock Android 5.0 itself.
New Interruptions & Downtime Settings: You can tailor how interruptions behave, choosing to allow all, none, or only priority interruptions. You can personalize what counts as a priority interruption (reminders, events, calls, messages) and even tailor them to be from only contacts you specify. The Downtime setting will allow only priority interruptions during the times and days that you specify. e.g. allow only priority interruptions on the weekend.
Moto Display and Ambient Display: While your phone's display is off, Moto Display will continue to surface relevant notifications to you using the low-power Contextual Computing Processor. It will also intelligently react when you use the Approach gesture under Moto Actions.
Android Lollipop now includes a similar feature, called Ambient Display, that displays notifications like those shown on the lockscreen. If you prefer to try the new Ambient Display feature, you can uncheck the Moto Display setting in the Moto app. Note: Ambient Display does not use Motorola's low-power core and will turn on more of the display, so battery life may be impacted. The Moto Actions Approach gesture will not wake Ambient Display.
Motorola Assist and Downtime: Motorola Assist integrates the new Downtime settings to control when you don't want to be disturbed. Motorola Assist also now uses the new Interruptions settings so that you can customize exceptions, such as letting only people on your starred contacts list get through.
Share your Device: You can now set up multiple user accounts on your phone. Guest mode is enabled by default. You can give calling and text privileges to other users of your device, or restrict them as you like in the Users menu under Settings.
Note that the personalized Motorola experiences (Motorola Assist, Motorola Connect) are for the owner account only.
The Motorola Camera, Motorola Gallery, and Motorola FM Radio applications support multiple user accounts.
For full list of new features, head over to Motorola Release Notes page →.
Thanks Avinash!
UPDATED at 11:13 P.M. on 2017-08-03
Authorities in northwest China's Xinjiang region are turning mosques used by mostly-Muslim ethnic Uyghurs for religious and community purposes into centers disseminating political propaganda, according to local sources.
Since Xinjiang Communist Party chief Chen Quanguo was appointed to run the region in August last year, he has initiated several harsh policies targeting the religious freedom of Uyghurs, including banning fasting during the May 26-June 24 Islamic holy month of Ramadan this year.
A new policy controlling mosques in Kashgar (in Chinese, Kashi) prefecture—an area heavily populated by Uyghurs—is Chen's latest measure aimed at assimilating members of the ethnic minority, who complain of pervasive ethnic discrimination, religious repression, and cultural suppression under Chinese rule in the region.
Under the directive, which has been implemented since June, caretakers of mosques in the prefecture are required to fly the national flag of China atop the buildings, sources said.
They have also been ordered to remove inscriptions of Islam's holiest verse, “There is no god but God, and Muhammad is the messenger of God,” from mosque walls and replace them with large red banners that read “Love the [Communist] Party, Love the Country” in yellow writing.
On Monday mornings, instead of a muezzin calling Muslims to prayer at the prefecture's mosques, flag-raising ceremonies are now held, followed by the singing of the Chinese national anthem and a patriotic song entitled, “Without the Communist Party, There is No New China.”
The mosque's imam or a government official then explains the meaning of the ceremony and reminds religious followers that the flag is a symbol of the sovereignty of the People's Republic of China, and urges them to love the party and nation, defend the “unity of the motherland,” and protect social stability.
Furthermore, instruction is given on the duty of patriotic religious clergy to help followers embrace “Chinese-style socialism” by strengthening the unity of the country's different ethnicities, fight violent terrorism, and make contributions to the long-term peace and stability of Xinjiang.
While religious services are allowed to otherwise proceed as they had in the past, though administered by state-sanctioned imams, Uyghur residents of Kashgar prefecture have increasingly stopped attending mosques, citing frustration with the overwhelmingly political overtones of the gatherings.
Officials from Kashgar's Kargilik (Yecheng) county Religious Affairs Bureau and Propaganda Office refused to comment about the new policy when contacted by RFA's Uyghur Service.
But an official with the Loq village government in Kargilik confirmed that his local mosque was now taking part in weekly patriotism sessions.
“We hold a flag-raising ceremony every Monday, and there is a flag flying on our mosque and ‘Love the Party, Love the Country' banners as well,” he said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
“When we hold the flag-raising ceremony on Monday, we sing [patriotic] ‘red songs.' We start singing after the flag is raised. We sing ‘Without the Communist Party, There is No New China.'”
A Uyghur shop owner at a market in the seat of Kargilik county confirmed that he had seen propaganda banners on mosques there exhorting worshippers to love the party and the country.
“Yes, I have seen that big banner—I saw it a month ago,” said the vendor, who also asked to remain unnamed.
An undated photo from the official China.org.cn website shows a banner inside a mosque in Xinjiang which reads 'Actively Promote Chinese-Style Islam.' Photo courtesy of China.org.cn
Official sources in Yapchan village, in Kashgar's Yengisheher (Shule) county, told RFA that the theme of patriotism and Chinese propaganda had been pushed particularly hard during the June 25 prayer service for Eid al-Fitr—a holiday marking the end of Ramadan and one of the two most important days of religious observance in Islam, along with Eid al-Adha, or the Feast of the Sacrifice.
As a result, they said, less than 10 percent of the local population attended the service, mirroring similarly low attendance in some of the largest mosques in the Xinjiang capital Urumqi.
According to a report by the official Xinjiang Television, “more than 400 believers gathered under the flag” in the square in front of Yanghan Mosque in Urumqi, where they “attentively watched the flag being raised as they sang along with the national anthem.”
Later, the grand imam of Yanghan Mosque, Sheripjan, delivered a lecture on “resolutely walking the Chinese-style path, reviving the Chinese-style spirit, and solidifying Chinese strength, while stressing how religious believers can be devoted citizens.”
Additionally, the report said, Chongkowruk Mosque in the capital drew “more than 200 religious believers” to its Eid prayer service.
Yanghan Mosque normally draws several thousand attendees for prayer services, while Chongkowruk Mosque can hold more than 1,000 people.
A police officer from Yapchan told RFA that “only 141 [of 1,500] villagers came to the prayer service” for Eid al-Fitr at his local mosque, and that nobody under the age of 18, or from the families of party members, village cadres, civil servants, or other government employees attended.
“We kept a close watch on people on the outside, with some of us monitoring on closed circuit television and some of us monitoring and protecting [on foot patrol],” he said, adding that 21 people in total had been assigned to observe the proceedings.
A Uyghur cadre from Yapchan said that even if he had wanted to attend the Eid al-Fitr prayer service at the village mosque, doing so would have been frowned upon because officials are instructed to honor the state before anything else.
“I'm a party member, so I wouldn't ever think about going to the Eid prayer service,” he said.
“It's the same with those who are not party members—as long as you get a salary from the government, you can't believe in religion. Only farmers have the freedom to believe in religion.”
A Uyghur security official from Yapchan confirmed that Eid was off-limits for ranking government employees.
“It isn't possible for us to attend the Eid prayer service because we're government cadres,” he said.
“Anyway, government cadres cannot believe in religion. We can never attend prayer services and wouldn't dream of going.”
Mosques vs. Party schools
Ilshat Hassan, president of the Washington-based Uyghur American Association, told RFA that propaganda is now so pervasive in Xinjiang's mosques that they “are barely distinguishable from China's Communist Party schools.”
“Uyghur Muslims don't know whether they are going to a mosque for prayer or a propaganda center to praise the Chinese Communist Party,” he said.
He dismissed China's bid to put Karl Marx, the founder of an atheist political system he called responsible for the death of “millions of people around the world,” above a God worshipped by more than one billion people.
“Clearly, it's not the pious Uyghur Muslims who are extremists, as described by the Chinese authorities,” he said.
“It's the Chinese government that's driving an extremist agenda in [Xinjiang], turning the House of the Almighty into the House of Marx. The Muslim world should not let China do this to the Uyghur people with impunity.”
Right groups accuse Chinese authorities of heavy-handed rule in Xinjiang, including violent police raids on Uyghur households, restrictions on Islamic practices, and curbs on the culture and language of the Uyghur people.
China regularly vows to crack down on what it calls the “three evils” of terrorism, separatism, and religious extremism in Xinjiang.
But experts outside China say Beijing has exaggerated the threat from Uyghur separatists, and that domestic policies are responsible for an upsurge in violence that has left hundreds dead since 2012.
Reported by Kurban Niyaz and Shohret Hoshur for RFA's Uyghur Service. Translated by Alim Seytoff. Written in English by Joshua Lipes.
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated that mosques were required to remove flags depicting the star and crescent symbol of Islam in favor of the Chinese national flag.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A government investigation found that the centre's operators had broken a series of safety laws
The attorney general in Qatar is to launch an appeal against the acquittal of several people over a fire that left 19 dead, including 13 children.
Last month, the Court of Appeal overturned convictions of involuntary manslaughter over the 2012 fire in a shopping centre nursery in Doha.
Among those acquitted was Sheikh Ali bin Jassim al-Thani, Qatar's ambassador to Belgium, who co-owned the nursery.
A 2013 investigation had found that a series of safety laws had been broken.
The fire was caused by an electrical fault at the Gympanzee nursery in the capital Doha's Villaggio Mall in May 2012.
It killed 13 children - including triplets from New Zealand - four teachers and two firefighters. Many of the children suffocated as a result of the fire.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Thirteen children died in the blaze
Rescuers reportedly had to break through the roof to get to the children when a staircase collapsed, trapping them inside the building.
The nursery had no emergency fire exit, and a government investigation found that staff had failed to respond adequately when the fire broke out.
Mr Thani, his wife and three other people were sentenced in 2013 in relation to the blaze.
Attorney General Ali bin Fetais al-Marri is now seeking a review of the Court of Appeal ruling last month, which dismissed convictions against several defendants in the case, the Qatar news agency reported.
Others included are "The Girl on the Train," "Captain Fantastic" and "The Secret Life of Pets."
Last year IndieWire shared free scripts available to download from 2016 Oscar Contenders such as “Carol,” “Spotlight,” and “Room,” among others. Now, we have a new list full of screenplays that you can skim over, read how the writer envisioned the film, and then go see how the director interpreted it on the big screen. These scripts are also great for aspiring writers to get ideas for their own stories, as well as see how a Hollywood film screenplay really looks like.
Among the screenplays included in this year's list include “Captain Fantastic” written by Matt Ross and starring Viggo Mortensen, “The Girl on the Train” penned by Erin Cressida Wilson” and “Hail, Caesar!” written by Joel and Ethan Coen.
READ MORE: Free Scripts! Download 2016 Oscar Contenders ‘Inside Out,' ‘Carol,' ‘Spotlight' and More
We'll continue to update this list throughout awards season, so keep checking back for more free scripts. Click on the links to view and download. And please remember: These scripts are for educational purposes only.
“Anthropoid,” screenplay by Sean Ellis and Anthony Frewin (courtesy of Bleecker Street)
“Bridget Jones's Baby,” written by Helen Fielding, Dan Mazer, and Emma Thompson (courtesy of Bleecker Street)
“Captain Fantastic,” screenplay by Matt Ross (courtesy of Bleecker Street)
“Denial,” written by David Hare (courtesy of Bleecker Street)
“Eye in the Sky,” screenplay by Guy Hibbert (courtesy of Bleecker Street)
“The Girl on the Train,” written by Erin Cressida Wilson (courtesy of Universal Pictures)
“Hail, Caesar!,” screenplay by Joel and Ethan Coen (courtesy of Universal Pictures)
“My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2,” written by Nia Vardalos (courtesy of Universal Pictures)
“The Secret Life of Pets,” screenplay by Cinco Paul, Ken Daurio, and Brian Lynch (courtesy of Universal Pictures)
“Zootopia,” screenplay by Bush and Phil Johnson (courtesy of Walt Disney)
“Love & Friendship,” screenplay by Whit Stillman (courtesy of Amazon Studios)
“Jackie,” screenplay by Noah Oppenheim (courtesy of Fox Searchlight)
“The Birth Of A Nation,” screenplay by Nate Parker, story by Nate Parker & Jean Celestin (courtesy of Fox Searchlight)
“Nocturnal Animals,” screenplay by Tom Ford (courtesy of Focus Features)
“A Monster Calls,” screenplay by Patrick Hess (courtesy of Focus Features)
“Elle,” screenplay by David Birke (courtesy of Sony Pictures Classics)
“Julieta,” screenplay by Pedro Almodovar (courtesy of Sony Pictures Classics)
“Manchester By The Sea,” screenplay by Kenneth Lonergan (courtesy of Amazon)
“Kubo and the Two Strings,” screenplay by Marc Haimes and Chris Butler (courtesy of Focus Features)
“Loving,” screenplay by Jeff Nichols (courtesy of Focus Features)
“Arrival,” screenplay by Eric Heisserer (courtesy of Paramount Pictures)
“Fences,” screenplay by August Wilson (courtesy of Paramount Pictures)
“Sully,” screenplay by Todd Komarnicki (courtesy of Warner Bros.)
“Sing Street,” screenplay by John Carney (courtesy of The Weinstein Company)
“Lion,” screenplay by Luke Davies (courtesy of The Weinstein Company)
“Gold,” screenplay by Patrick Massett and John Zinman (courtesy of The Weinstein Company)
“The Founder,” screenplay by Robert Siegel (courtesy of The Weinstein Company)
“Moonlight,” screenplay by Barry Jenkins (courtesy of A24)
“20th Century Women,” screenplay by Mike Mills (courtesy of A24)
“Silence,” screenplay by Martin Scorsese and Jay Cocks (courtesy of Paramount)
“The Red Turtle,” (courtesy of Sony Pictures Classics)
“Toni Erdmann,” screenplay by Maren Ade (courtesy of Sony Pictures Classics)
“La La Land,” screenplay by Damien Chazelle (courtesy of Lionsgate)
Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Color is a very powerful stimulant. We choose colors for our clothes, our hair, our houses, and more because of how they affect our moods and motivation. Did you know that color plays a big role in our eating habits, too? The colors that have an impact on eating are red, yellow, green, white, and blue.
Seeing red
Red is an appetizing color, which means when we see red food, we tend to dig in. This may have something to do with our evolutionary backgrounds; when we see red, the color of blood, we think, “Life.” A lot of red foods are even good for our hearts, so it's an easy way to remember to eat tomatoes, red bell peppers, tart cherries, and so on. Oddly enough, eating off red plates helps people eat less. It acts as a stop sign that tells us to slow down and not overeat.
Pink, though it's a close cousin to red, is not an appetizing color. This is probably because pink does not appear that often in nature, so our brains think “unnatural” and therefore, “bad.”
Happy yellow
Yellow is known to be a happy color that actually promotes the release of serotonin in the brain, which is classified as a “feel-good” hormone. Yellow has been shown to stimulate appetite. When we see yellow or orange food, we think, “Happy,” and are more likely to indulge because we feel good. If you're feeling down, eating bananas, scrambled eggs, carrots, pineapple, and more can help lift your spirits.
Green is good
When we see green, our minds associate it with healthy and nutritious. Again, our evolutionary biology may play a role here, because our ancestors ate a lot of plants. We tend to see green foods as safe. Dark green in particular is good, so think dark leafy greens like kale and spinach. For a quick check on your health, ask yourself how many green foods are you eating. If it isn't a lot, it's time to stock up.
White isn't right
White is a bland color, and is associated with over-consumption. When we see white, our eyes glaze over, and we stop thinking about how much we're eating. This is especially true when you eat white foods on white plates. You're much less satisfied and prone to overeating. White foods also tend to have less nutritional value and are full of empty calories, so to feel satisfied, we eat more.
Blue is unnatural
Scientists have found that the color that is most unappetizing to humans is blue. Why? The reason could be that there are so far naturally-blue foods in the world that our ancestors rarely came across them. When they did find stuff that was blue, black, or even purple, it often meant it was poisonous. Our brains are telling us to avoid them. This is true when foods that aren't usually blue are dyed that color; in studies, people found the dyed food much less appealing even if they knew the item tasted good.
Diets have latched unto this fact as a tool. Putting a blue light in your fridge can make the food there seem less appetizing, and eating off blue plates can reduce the amount you consume. There's even a Japanese company that made blue-tinted glasses back in 2008, especially for weight loss. You could also just buy some blue-tinted sunglasses to see if it works.
For more on how color affects your mood, check out this article on interior decorating.
Beard wars have broken out in Aberdeen – so the city will now have two festivals celebrating hairy faces.
More than 200 people visited the Granite City Beard and Moustache Festival – the city's first ever – in August for the weird and wacky event at the Parkway Bar and Lounge on Balgownie Road, Bridge of Don.
Guests entered contests such as best freestyle beard and best moustache, and there were dozens of stalls selling goodies such as moustache preening gadgets.
The event was organised by Scot Thompson and Kev Clarke, who met several years ago as Kev was a customer at Scot's firm, Lumberjack Inc grooming products.
Their combined talents made the festival a success but they have since had a parting of ways.
Kev, who works in security for an oil and gas firm, said he has now set up a rival festival, called Granite City Beard Fest, which will take place on May 6, 2018. There will also be a Christmas quiz on December 21.
Scot, meanwhile, said he plans to host the next Granite City Beard and Moustache Festival at some point after Christmas, as well as a tour of festivals.
He said: “Kev stole my idea and event name after working for me.
“I ran a second event, called Auld Reekie Beardfest (in Edinburgh) a few weeks ago and have plans to run another six around the UK.
“It's a shame someone who was once a friend has decided to not only steal my idea but he hasn't even the creativity to call it something else.”
Kev said: “I reject that accusation. Scot and I came up with the idea of the festival together and I came up with the name.
“The name was never trademarked before, but I have trademarked it now.
“Scot saw that the festival was profitable and decided he didn't need me any more.
“The new festival is my way of showing that I can do it better.”
COFFEE
Blue Line Coffee: Off the beaten path, or I should say in a more quiet part of town, I stumbled upon this coffee shop. It was the perfect way to start my day.
Legends Comics & Coffee: This is one of the coolest coffee shops I've ever been to simply for the combo of comics and coffee. And it was good coffee. I don't know everything about the comic world, but the guys here showed me the way through new comics I should be reading, including those from Europe.
LUNCH
Block 16: I first announced this on Twitter and I stand by it, the Croque Garcon burger available at Block 16 is on my top five burger list. There was a perfect ratio of meat-to-bun, which so many people overlook. And the condiments were just right, including that mustard.
AFTER-SHOW
New Amsterdam: Falafel. Fans of mine know I appreciate a good cup of coffee, airy doughnut and hot dog. But I also love falafel. Here at Amsterdam, I had my sandwich with the spicy sauce. Holy wow. It was seriously spicy — but it brought a new flavor to a classic sandwich that I welcomed.
SWEETS
Lithuanian Bakery: This bakery has been open since the 60s and is known for their tortes. I also decided to try their bow-ties (of course) and cherry strudel.
Images © Alton Brown, 2014
The task force looking for West Chester University senior Shane Montgomery was back Thursday morning canvassing the banks of the Schuylkill River.Teams searched along the river and in the brush that lines its banks.Inclement weather Thursday hampered their efforts. After about an hour, crews had to stop but their search efforts are expected to continue over the next several days.The leading theory now is that Montgomery walked into a parking lot along the river and somehow ended up in the water.It is now known that a surveillance camera captured Montgomery crossing the bridge to a parking lot on the banks of the Schuylkill River in the early morning hours of Thanksgiving Day.The footage, retrieved and being withheld by police, represents a big break in the case.The video came from Christie's Nail Salon, which is located near Kildare's Pub, sources said.Sources say it shows Montgomery crossing the bridge over the Manayunk Canal but never returning, shortly after the 21-year-old had left Kildaire's.On Wednesday the police marine unit and investigators searched the river and its banks for two hours.Rough weather cut that search short. Montgomery's friends watched nearby.Montgomery is a West Chester University student. His disappearance has sparked a massive social media effort.A flyer with his picture on it can be seen all over the area.For 2 weeks detectives were baffled by his disappearance. Now they have an idea of what happened, and they just need to find him.Montgomery's mother told Action News Thursday morning that she did not plan to join search efforts along the river.She said she and her husband are devastated by the new developments in the case.The reward in the search for the 21-year-old West Chester University student now stands at $65,000.Montgomery's family announced the latest tally Tuesday on the Help Find Shane Montgomery Facebook page. Montgomery was last seen leaving Kildare's Irish Pub in the Manayunk section of Philadelphia early Thanksgiving morning after a night out with friends.Kildare's management said he left the bar without a problem. A relative, who works at Kildare's, told Shane it was closing time and they left at 1:50 a.m.Staffers reportedly saw Shane turn left out of the door and head south on Main Street.A ping from his cellphone was picked up near the CVS Pharmacy on Main Street, located about an hour after he vanished.He was last seen wearing a gray hoodie, a gray button-up shirt and jeans.Shane is 5'11" tall, weighs 140 pounds with short brown hair and green eyes.He has a large Celtic tattoo across his shoulder blades.Anyone with information is urged to contact authorities at 215-686-3353/3354.
Spring Turkey Scouting Tips
Spring Turkey Hunting
To be a successful hunter year after year you must properly scout your quarry and spring turkey hunting is no different. Hunters who scout prior to season opening drastically increase their odds of harvesting a spring gobbler or two. Here are some key tips for scouting turkeys that will give you the advantage this spring turkey season.
When To Start Scouting
While seeing fall and winter turkey can be a great sign, the birds will change their feeding patterns as turkey season draws near and the warming weather brings different food sources. By spring, the acorns and pecans are gone and the birds will focus more on greening fields and water areas, such as along creeks or swamp edges. To find the spring turkey scouting should begin two to three weeks before opening day. Birds will still typically be flocked up, but their location will remain fairly constant.
Use Trail Cameras
A technique often overlooked by hunters is the use of trail cameras to pinpoint where the spring turkey are hanging out. Set your cameras up on food plots and fields and along logging trails and open hardwood ridges to figure out where flocks lounge and feed during the day. Using cameras can provide vital information on when turkeys arrive at a field, where they enter it, and how long they hang out there.
Observe The Turkey
Just checking your camera won't replace actual time spent observing turkeys. Grab your binoculars, be sure to camo up so you can blend into the scenery, and put on a comfortable pair of boots for walking. Get out there early and utilize the first half of the day looking and listening. Do not start calling with clucks or yelps before season starts as this will only educate the birds, instead use a locator call to find the birds. In the days leading up to the opener, finding where they roost is the most critical information you can obtain.
Roosting Areas
Finding where the turkey roost is vital to turkey hunting success. Avoid walking through your hunting area at first light, sit down quietly and watch and listen to where the birds start sounding off and fly down from. Once you have a good idea where the roost is you can check it out further midday when turkey are out and about feeding. You will know when you found roosting areas by signs of feathers, dropping, scratches and other turkey activity.
Locate Food Sources
Now that you know where the turkey are roosting, it is time to find out where they are feeding. Check your cameras you put out on food sources and observe quietly from a distance. Once you have located their food source, they will usually return day after day so long as there is food they are coming for.
Set Up Your Hunting Location
Now that you know where the turkey are roosting and feeding it is time to identify a place to hunt. Set up far enough off the roosting area but close to the feeding zone for best results. A large tree, brush pile or a pop up blind are excellent choices, because they will help keep your silhouette hidden from the turkeys. You also want a location that will give you a clear shot at the turkeys.
Listening To The Birds
When your scouting and listening to the turkey sounds, try to determine every turkey sound you hear. Was that a hen, a young jake or mature gobbler sound that you heard. Using an aerial image of the property, mark every spot where you hear a bird and note whether it sounds mature or not. Refer to that map often, particularly when the woods grow quiet and you need to force the action with some running and gunning.
Midday Scouting
The morning scouting should give you all the intel you need to be successful by just sitting still watching and listening to the birds. As the sun climbs, inside the tree line of fields, stopping to look and listen periodically. Walk logging trails and throw out the occasional crow call to see if you can entice a shock gobble.
Use these scouting tips right before spring turkey season to significantly improve your chances for success in your pursuit of your next big tom. Remember that turkeys will generally follow identical routines day after day, so scouting gives you vital information that will help you analyze their movements and put you in the best position to tag a long beard bird. Remember to be safe this season and good luck to all my fellow turkey hunters hitting the woods in the coming weeks.
Share these spring turkey scouting tips on Facebook or Twitter
In a statement Thursday, United States Sen. John Hoeven (R-ND) said he is “honored” to serve as the new chairman of the U.S. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs.
Hoeven — a former North Dakota governor and vocal supporter of both the Keystone XL and Dakota Access oil pipelines — was elected to lead the committee on Tuesday.
“I am honored to serve as the chairman … and look forward to working with [newly elected] Vice Chairman [Sen. Tom] Udall [D-NM] and members of the Committee to pass legislation that helps improve the lives of people across Indian Country,” Hoeven said.
Read more: Meet the black woman who will run from NYC to DC to raise money for Planned Parenthood
The Indian Affairs committee is tasked with proposing legislation that addresses the concerns of “American Indian, Native Hawaiian and Alaska Native peoples,” including land management and economic development, according to the committee's website.
Sen. Hoeven's new job is ironic because he has repeatedly opposed causes that Native Americans support. The Dakota Access Pipeline is the most recent example. As thousands of protesters from across Indian Country converged on cannonball, North Dakota, over the latter half of 2016 to block the pipeline's completion, Hoeven called the protests “violent” and asked President Barack Obama to deploy federal law enforcement to quell them.
“We recommend you provide federal law enforcement resources immediately to state and local agencies in order to maintain public safety, which has been threatened by ongoing — and oftentimes violent — protest activity,” Hoeven wrote in a Nov. 23 letter to Obama, which he co-authored with Rep. Kevin Cramer (R-ND), according to the Huffington Post.
The same month, Hoeven criticized the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers' reluctance to grant an easement that would have let the pipeline's builders burrow under Lake Oahe, a section of the Missouri River. The Corps went on to deny the easement on Dec. 4.
“The solution … is for the Corps to grant an easement for the project so that life can return to normal for our farmers, ranchers, tribal members and law enforcement officers, who have worked very hard to protect the lives and property of all,” Hoeven said in a statement.
Read more: Protesters bring printed definition of sexual assault to Jeff Sessions' office
Incongruous though it may seem, Hoeven's new position as chairman for the Indian Affairs committee is in keeping with most of the appointments made leading up to Donald Trump's presidency. These include Trump's nomination of an anti-civil rights attorney general in Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) and a secretary of Housing and Urban Development who believes poverty “is more of a choice than anything else,” in Dr. Ben Carson.
This article originally appeared on Mic.com
Contact us at editors@time.com.
The 1984 campaign did not mark the Dolphins' first Super Bowl appearance. From the 1971 season through '73, Miami advanced to three straight title games, winning twice. The '72 squads remains the only team in NFL history to finish a season undefeated, and they famously pop champagne every time the last no-loss NFL team falls in any given season.
TIME CAPSULE January 1985 JANUARY 1 MTV Networks launches Video Hits One (now known as VH1), a soft-rock spin-off aimed at the older set. Its first video is Marvin Gaye's rendition of “The Star-Spangled Banner.” PEOPLE magazine's review described the new network thusly: “They say it's a channel for people who like music but who are no longer on the cutting edge of rock'n'roll. That's just a delicate way of saying it's music for those of us who are future full-figured women, and for men who'll soon be searching for their receding hairlines.”
In 1982, the Dolphins returned to the NFL's final game for the first time in a decade. They met the Redskins in Super Bowl XVII on Jan. 30, 1983. They took a 17-10 lead into halftime at the Rose Bowl, behind a 98-yard kickoff return by Fulton Walker, only to fall, 27-17. Their quarterback, David Woodley, finished with four completions in 14 attempts for 97 yards, a touchdown and an interception—a quarterback line among the worst in title game history, the kind that does not encourage a replacement so much as it begs for one.
The seeds for 1984 were actually sown then. “That was probably the pinnacle of our defensive core,” says Doug Betters, a Dolphins defensive end from 1978 to '87. “The Killer B's. We were playing at the top of our game, but our offense was lagging behind. If we had Dan in that Super Bowl, we could have beaten the Redskins.”
All season, Betters says, the Dolphins' defensive coaches told them not to worry about the offense, to shut down teams and seize games on their own. But this was before defenses regularly substituted. The cumulative impact was a defense worn down by the time it reached the Super Bowl. “We felt like we had been a quarterback or a player away from winning it all,” says Nat Moore, a Miami receiver from 1974-86.
Tim Chapman/Getty Images
The Dolphins needed a quarterback, and—blessed by good fortune, or, in hindsight, doomed one year too late—the 1983 NFL Draft was filled with more elite signal callers than any edition in league history, before or since. That group included Marino, who tossed 37 touchdowns as a junior at Pittsburgh but returned to a team that struggled his senior year, when he had only 17 TD throws. To explain the drop off, rumors of drug use by the Panthers ran rampant in the lead up to the draft, with Marino no exception. (He has denied them.)
The draft was full not only of quarterbacks but of elite talent. Six future Hall of Fame players went in the first round. Don Shula, the Miami coach, didn't expect Marino to be available when the Dolphins picked 27th. But he did meet Marino at the NFL Combine and came away impressed that the quarterback did not make excuses for how poorly his senior season went. Shula filed that nugget away.
As the draft approached, Shula targeted a defensive lineman from Syracuse named Mike Charles. (He got him anyway, in the second round. Charles played nine seasons with three franchises, including 1984 with the Dolphins.)
When the draft started, John Elway went first overall to the Colts, who traded him to the Broncos. The Chiefs took Todd Blackledge seventh, the Bills took Jim Kelly 14th, the Patriots took Tony Eason 15th and the Jets took Ken O'Brien 24th. Suddenly, Shula had to make an unexpected decision that wasn't a difficult choice at all. Marino was the Dolphins' pick, one of four members of his quarterback class to lead a team into the Super Bowl and one of three, along with Elway and Kelly, now enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
The Dolphins team that seized Super Bowls in the 1970s did so behind running backs. Miami had more than seemed fair, with Mercury Morris, Larry Csonka and Jim Kiick all patrolling the same backfield. Then Marino arrived. “They were nobody's idea of an exciting team,” says Greg Cote, a longtime writer for the Miami Herald. “Marino was the opposite. He was a sexy, curly-headed kid with a lot of bravado about him.”
In his first practices, Marino impressed Shula. He was better than expected: stronger arm, quicker release, faster at making decisions. He also had an innate sense of when the pass rush was closing in and a nifty slide step to avoid pressure. That bought him extra time to throw farther down the field.
JANUARY 13 Edmonton Oilers star Wayne Gretzky, 23, becomes the youngest player in NHL history to score 400 goals. Bruce Bennett/Getty Images
Teammates noticed, too, the way the ball whistled when it left Marino's hands. Receivers told Betters they worried that a particularly hard throw would break a finger in practice. “He had a reputation from college as being very confident,” says Jim Lampley, the broadcaster and television personality who did pre- and post-game work at the Super Bowl in 1985. “But it was what he did on the field that was amazing. He's the first guy I remember who could make the back-shoulder throw. He had a unique arm. Unbelievable velocity.”
Marino didn't open the 1983 season as the starter, though, a decision that Shula later admitted was a mistake. Marino first played in Week 3, against the Raiders, and again in Week 5, against the Saints. His started for the first time against Buffalo in Week 6, and he threw for 322 yards and three touchdowns, although he was intercepted twice. The Dolphins lost all three of those games but still managed a 12-4 season that culminated in a playoff berth.
The Dolphins and their rookie signal caller hosted Seattle in the divisional round on Dec. 31, 1983. Marino threw two touchdowns and two interceptions and his rookie campaign ended. “We didn't know how good we could be,” says Tony Nathan, a Dolphins running back from 1979-87.
The following information was released by the Orange County District Attorney.
A man was sentenced today to 65 years to life in state prison for kidnapping and sexually assaulting a 7-year-old developmentally disabled girl. Daniel Vlas Flores, 30, Huntington Beach, was found guilty by a jury April 27, 2012, of one felony count each of sexual intercourse with a child 10 years old or younger, sodomy of a child 10 years old or younger, kidnapping to commit a sexual offense, and sexual penetration of a child 10 years old or younger.
On Aug. 19, 2009, 7-year-old Jane Doe was playing with an 8-year-old neighbor in a Huntington Beach apartment complex yard on the 7800 Block of Sycamore Avenue. Flores walked over to the children, told them that he needed someone to help him move furniture in his apartment, and asked Jane Doe to help him.
Flores pulled Jane Doe by the hand and ran with her to his nearby apartment while she repeatedly told him she did not want to go. He took her inside his apartment and sexually assaulted Jane Doe by raping, sodomizing, and digitally penetrating the victim.
Jane Doe's 8-year-old friend became concerned when the victim didn't return and went to look for her. The friend went to the apartment and was able to unlatch a sliding door and open it slightly. With the door open, Jane Doe was able to run out of the room and escape.
The victim told her mother about the sexual assault and the Huntington Beach Police Department arrested Flores that day. The defendant was further linked to the crime through DNA evidence.
During the sentencing today, the victim's father said that Jane Doe is still in therapy and recovering, and their entire family is traumatized because of Flores. He explained that their family has moved out of the state to get away from the place where Jane Doe was victimized.
The Honorable Lance Jensen, who sentenced Flores to the maximum possible sentence and referred to the defendant's assault against Jane Doe as “an atrocity,” said that Jane Doe's 8-year-old friend is a “true hero.”
Deputy District Attorney Eric Scarbrough of the Sexual Assault Unit prosecuted this case.
Related articles
California College Tells Student He Can't Hand Out Copies Of Constitution
As an American with First Amendment rights, you'd probably assume that a “Free Speech Zone” would look something like this:
The blue on that maprepresent areas where you can exercise your right to free speech. Unfortunately, for many college students, their “Free Speech Zone” shrinks considerably when on campus. One out of every six major colleges have designated “Free Speech Zones” where students are “permitted” to “enjoy” this Constitutional right, and even then there are restrictions. In these colleges, exercising your right to free speech means asking permission at least a couple of days in advance as well as having the administration “approve” your speech.
The latest example of confined and controlled speech comes to us courtesy of Modesto Junior College. As FIRE.org reports, a student found his exercise of free speech shut down on one of the worst days of the year for a college to assert its negative attitude towards the First Amendment.
In a stunning illustration of the attitude taken towards free speech by too many colleges across the United States, Modesto Junior College in California told a student that he could not pass out copies of the United States Constitution outside the student center on September 17, 2013—Constitution Day. Captured on video, college police and administrators demanded that Robert Van Tuinen stop passing out Constitution pamphlets and told him that he would only be allowed to pass them out in the college's tiny free speech zone, and only after scheduling it several days or weeks ahead of time.
After 10 minutes of handing out these pamphlets, Van Tuinen was approached by a campus police officer. After some discussion regarding the ridiculousness of shutting down free speech on Constitution Day and Van Tuinen's repeated assertion of his rights, the campus cop tells him to take it up with administration.
[youtube]http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EosaP99J3Z8[/youtube] [The officer sends out a little cheap shot before Van Tuinen moves on, telling him, “Look at you. You're shaking.” This is a common cop tactic designed to both a) cast suspicion on the person and b) assert the officer's control of the situation. The fact that it's a byproduct of the fight-or-flight response is ignored. People speaking to armed authority figures will often appear nervous because that's how the human brain works. It's not solely a byproduct of fear or guilt. It's adrenaline being pumped with no available outlet.]
The response he receives from administration is no less ridiculous, considering it relies heavily on quoting policy rather than acknowledging the absurdity of shutting down free speech on Constitution Day. (As if it would be any less ridiculous on any other day of the year, but Constitution Day?)
Upon arriving at that office, Van Tuinen talks with administrator Christine Serrano, who tells him that because of “a time, place, and manner,” he can only pass out literature inside the “free speech area,” which she informs him is “in front of the student center, in that little cement area.” She asks him to fill out an application and asks to photocopy his student ID. Hauling out a binder, Serrano says that she has “two people on campus right now, so you'd have to wait until either the 20th, 27th, or you can go into October.” Van Tuinen protests that he wants to pass out the Constitution on Constitution Day, at which point Serrano dismissively tells him “you really don't need to keep going on.”
So, now everything's clear. In a nation where free speech is one of the foundations of society, an American in a public American college (founded by legislation and infused with public money via grants) is restricted to “that little cement area” (see below) — and then only with advance notice and permission. Free speech possibly available in October — get your reservation in now!
“Virtually everything that Modesto Junior College could do wrong, it did do wrong. It sent police to enforce an unconstitutional rule, said that students could not freely distribute literature, placed a waiting period on free speech, produced an artificial scarcity of room for free speech with a tiny ‘free speech area,' and limited the number of speakers on campus to two at a time. This was outrageous from start to finish. Every single person at Modesto responsible for enforcing this policy should have known better.”
As FIRE's Robert Shibley points out, there's really no way Modesto Junior College could have handled this situation any worse than it did.
Free speech isn't something you box up and dole out. It's the right of all citizens. Modesto Junior College should know this, being a public college, but has apparently decided it's much easier to avoid uncomfortable or unpopular speech by violating its students' First Amendment rights.
Daniel Lyons is a freelance journalist and a writer for the HBO comedy “Silicon Valley.”
Google is the biggest and best-known Internet company in the world, a colossus with revenue expected to top $65 billion in 2015. It makes headlines seemingly every week — including last week's unflattering publication of the government's 2012 investigation into possible antitrust practices. But despite being so familiar, Google is often misunderstood. Here are five common myths.
1. Google is a search company.
Search is Google's primary product. Its search engine is so widely used that “Google” has become a dictionary-approved verb, and the company makes virtually all of its money by selling ads connected to search.
But Google's ventures into self-driving cars and balloons that deliver Internet connectivity from the stratosphere show that it's not just a search company. Its long-term plan is to become an artificial-intelligence company.
1 of 18 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Myths of 2014 View Photos Fact or fiction? A collection from Outlook's popular Five Myths series. Caption Fact or fiction? A collection from Outlook's popular Five Myths series. MYTH: Sanctions never work. “The most complete academic studies on the matter show that sanctions lead to concessions from the targeted government in one out of every three or four cases,” writes Daniel W. Drezner in “ Five myths about sanctions . “That is a far cry from never working.” Here, President Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel leave a joint news conference at the White House in May. The leaders discussed additional sanctions to punish Russia for its incursion into Ukraine. Charles Dharapak/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Google has built a research group around AI and machine learning, and it even hired renowned AI guru Ray Kurzweil, who believes that by 2045 humans will merge with computers in what's known as “the Singularity.” Google's recent acquisitions speak to its intentions: British company DeepMind, one of the most advanced AI development shops in the world, plus eight of the world's best robotics companies. Nobody knows what Google will do with all these robots and AI software, but its ambitions certainly go well beyond self-driving cars.
This work takes place inside Google X, the company's top-secret research lab. A few hundred people work there, a tiny but potent slice of Google's workforce of 53,600. Google isn't alone in the quest to develop AI (Facebook also has an AI research team), but it's one of the few organizations with the brainpower and financial resources to make true artificial intelligence a reality. Plus, AI is in its blood: Google co-founder and chief executive Larry Page is the son of renowned AI pioneer Carl Page, and he's personally funding a research project to reverse-engineer the brain of a worm. “Every time I talk about Google's future with Larry Page, he argues that it will become an artificial-intelligence” company, tech venture capitalist Steve Jurvetson has said .
2. Google Glass was a failure.
Headlines proclaimed that Google Glass “flopped” and “failed” after the company announced it would stop selling its goofy $1,500 eyewear. As a consumer product, Glass was declared clunky, too expensive and not useful.
But Glass shouldn't be measured only in terms of its commercial success. I n the summer of 2013, I was among a group of “influencers” invited to the Google campus to see some future products. Many of the influencers showed up proudly sporting their Google Glass eyewear — and looking like idiots. Not one of the Google executives wore Glass.
That's because Google viewed Glass as an experiment, a way to explore wearable computing and learn lessons it can apply to other, presumably less-hideous-looking products. Wearable devices, all the rage at this year's South by Southwest tech conference, will eventually be a huge market, encompassing products from virtual-reality goggles to fitness bands to smartwatches such as the new Apple Watch and the competitor version that Google announced this past week . Though Glass didn't catch on, it created tremendous buzz and established Google as a pioneer in the market.
3. Google is a leading force for diversity in Silicon Valley.
The company made news for publishing numbers on its workforce demographics in May 2014, which encouraged Facebook and Yahoo to follow suit. Internally, Google has launched workshops to teach employees about “unconscious bias,” and it has donated millions since 2010 to groups that aim to get girls and women interested in tech careers. In February, Google announced $775,000 in grants to CODE2040, an organization trying to help more African Americans and Latinos join the industry.
But “we're the first to admit that Google is miles from where we want to be,” the company's head of “people operations,” Laszlo Bock, said of its 2 percent black workforce, adding that “being totally clear about the extent of the problem is a really important part of the solution.” If Google wants to position itself as a leader on diversity, it might consider promoting more women and minorities to positions of power at the company. Google's 11-member board of directors boasts only three women and no African Americans. Its management team includes five executive officers — all male, one black. Its senior leadership team has 15 members; only three are women, and none is African American.
Google might also encourage one of its most powerful officers to stop acting sexist on a national stage. Chairman Eric Schmidt was called out this past week (by the company's “unconscious bias” officer) for repeatedly interrupting Megan Smith, a former Google executive who is now chief technology officer of the United States, while Schmidt and Smith appeared on a South by Southwest panel together.
4. Google has an unassailable monopoly on search.
Google dominates the search market so thoroughly that in 2009, when Microsoft introduced its Bing search engine, even people who admired the product reckoned that it didn't stand a chance. “In 2004, if this was side-by-side with Google, it would be very competitive. In 2009, it's not a level playing field,” Alex Hoye, head of a search engine marketing firm, told the Guardian. He was right. Six years later, Bing has a 12 percent market share in search, and Google has 75 percent — even greater than its share in 2009. Other rivals keep trying to chip away — Yahoo recently picked up a couple of market-share points and now holds 10.6 percent — but it appears that in the traditional search engine market, the game is over, and Google has won.
The real threat to Google's search business, though, doesn't come from Microsoft or Yahoo. It comes from Amazon and Facebook, and from the changing habits of online shoppers. Amazon and Facebook aren't in the search business, strictly speaking, but increasingly people turn to these sites to learn about products. In other words, the challenge to Google is not that competitors will take over the traditional search engine market but that traditional search engines will become less relevant as search takes place on other sites. “Our biggest search competitor is Amazon,” Schmidt acknowledged last October. “They are obviously more focused on the commerce side of the equation, but, at their roots, they are answering users' questions and searches, just as we are.” (Google's apparent answer to the threat of Amazon was, according to the 2012 government investigation, to illegally copy content from Amazon to improve its own sites.)
5. Google is Big Brother.
If you're using Google's online services, including search, Gmail, Maps, YouTube, Drive, Google+, Android, Wallet and Picasa, Google knows a lot about you: your location, browsing history, the videos you watch, your age, gender and interests. That's earned the company plenty of Big Brother comparisons. (Google it.) Google's rivals love to play up the company's spying capabilities. Microsoft spent millions on its “Scroogled” ad campaign, which aimed to scare people away from a big, nefarious company that was snooping on its users.
There is a Big Brother online, but it's not Google: It's the NSA. The National Security Agency is the one peering into every major tech company's systems, hoovering up personal information, and refusing to talk about what it stole or why. Google does gather data about people who use its services, much like other online companies — Apple has as many as 800 million credit card numbers on file and perhaps billions of personal photos gathered from iPhones on its iCloud service, including numerous nude celebrity photos leaked by hackers. The point is not that Google gathers information about people, but rather why. The company's stated goal, and there is no evidence to contradict it, is to deliver ads more relevant to your interests (and ultimately charge more for these ads).
Google has responded aggressively to news about the NSA's activities revealed in the Edward Snowden leaks, vowing to keep developing techniques to prevent the agency from spying on people who use its services. Co-founder Sergey Brin, who expressed shock over the NSA's activities, said Google has 1,000 engineers working on security and has started encrypting data flowing across its servers. Schmidt described its defenses as “techniques that no one believes the NSA can break in our lifetime.” Mike Hearn, a security researcher at Google, offered this response: “Nobody at . . . the NSA will ever stand before a judge and answer for this industrial-scale subversion of the judicial process. In the absence of working law enforcement, we therefore do what internet engineers have always done — build more secure software.”
Twitter: @realdanlyons
Five myths is a weekly feature challenging everything you think you know. You can check out previous myths, read more from Outlook or follow our updates on Facebook and Twitter.
Houston Rockets swingmanhas come a long way since he was drafted No. 8 in the second round in 2011 (No. 38 overall) for an non-guaranteed slot with the Rockets. Since then he's become a huge part of what the Rockets do. He's currently averaging a career-high 16.7 PPG and 5.7 RPG to go with the best PER of his career. Recently, Parsons signed on with, and Dime got a chance to ask him some quick questions about the partnership and what it's like to start for a championship-contending Rockets team.
*** *** ***
Dime: What about Stance attracted you to get in with them?
Chandler Parsons: Very comfortable, great designs, think they have the coolest looking socks and definitely in trend, love the NBA legend socks
Dime: Would you ever want to design your own socks?
CP: Yes…coming soon.
Dime: Are socks becoming a spin off on sneakers where you're always looking for a style of your own, or something no one else has?
CP: Yes, plain white or black socks are fading, with every outfit you want to match up the socks and shoes. If you have shorts you gotta have matching socks.
Dime: How many pairs of original colored socks do you have?
CP: Every pair that's not NBA socks.
Dime: Favorite color/style among the Stance choices?
CP: Larry Bird… Need some Kevin McHales.
Dime: What about these socks makes them so comfortable and perfect for performance?
CP: Thick, a lot of padding, grippers, feels good around ankles.
Dime: Do you wear them when you're not playing basketball?
CP: All Stance everything, only wear those.
Keep reading to hear Chandler's career goals, his funniest Rockets teammate and the toughest guy for him to guard in the league…
John Rawls is probably the most important political philosopher of the 20th century, especially for his best known work, A Theory of Justice. In it, he describes his theory of the "original position", where justice is conceived as how would we agree to form a society based on a position of neutrality. In asks us to go behind a "veil of ignorance", that is to say, imagine that we didn't know what position we would take in society. We wouldn't know if we were rich or poor, nor would we know our capabilities, such as our intelligence or work ethic. We wouldn't even know what beliefs we would have (i.e. if we were Christians or Atheists, etc). We would still know scientific facts and facts about humanity in general, however. From this "original position" we would have to come up with a way to form society, and it would be a more just society, since we couldn't design it to favor any one group. So for example, no one would choose to make slavery legal, because they wouldn't want to risk being a slave.
[Two of the conclusions] that he drew from this were that everyone would be guaranteed basic liberties. In other words, unlike basic utilitarianism, even if taking away a liberty resulted in greater total happiness, no one would want to risk being the one without the liberty (such as slavery). In addition, while social and economic difference may occur as a matter of practicality (such as that better waiters are given more to encourage effort on the part of the waiters), they must be to the advantage of the least well off. You can read more in the Stanford Encyclopedia link about why he believes this is the case.
Robert Nozick was a contemporary of Rawls (in fact they both taught at Harvard at the same time). He took Rawls's A Theory of Justice further in the anti-consequentialism direction, saying that the outcome of a given society isn't enough to determine if it is just, you must look at what led to that outcome. Even if someone gets fantastically rich, if they do so from the free decisions of adults, that disparity is still just. He favors a minimal state, and claimed that taxation for the purpose of wealth redistribution was part time slavery. He was also super handsome. Seriously, look him up on Google images.
Karl Marx was a 19th century Marxist philosopher, best known for his Marxist political viewpoints.
Male graduates who studied at 23 low performing institutions earn less, on average, than peers who chose not to attend university, a major new report has found.
The research revealed that, while the figure was lower for women, there were still nine universities where female graduates went on to be worse off than their school leaver counterparts, 10 years after graduating.
The figures will further concern that universities are not doing enough to equip students with the skills required for top roles, with sixth-formers pushed into higher education degrees that they will struggle to repay loans for on graduation.
The report suggested that creative arts graduates had the lowest salaries - earning, on average, no more than non-graduates, 10 years on.
However, researchers urged caution, suggesting that given regional differences in average wages, "locally focused institutions may struggle to produce graduates whose wages outpace England-wide earnings".
The study also revealed that graduates from wealthy backgrounds earn thousands more than peers from poorer households despite studying the same degrees at the same universities.
The research, carried out by the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS), the Institute of Education, Harvard University and the University of Cambridge, looked at the link between a graduate's earnings and family background.
Researchers used tax data and student loan records for 260,000 students up to 10 years after graduating. The paper included graduates from who started university in the period 1998–2011 and focused largely on earnings from the 2012/13 tax year.
According to the research, students who come from the richest 20 per cent of households earns around 10 per cent more in the workplace 10 years after graduating.
This equates to an average £3,300 extra for men and £2,100 for women, when taking into account the university and subject studied.
Overall, at all universities, male graduates from wealthy backgrounds earn on average £8,000 a year more than less well-off peers, while female graduates earn £5,300 more.
A woman who was attacked by a shark while swimming at a popular surf spot off Camp Pendleton's San Onofre beach is “fighting for her life,” her mother wrote Sunday.
Leeanne Ericson was in the water off a beach dubbed “Church” when she was bitten on her thigh about 6:30 p.m. Saturday. Bystanders helped pull her to shore and stanch the bleeding until she could be airlifted to Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla, authorities said.
Christine McKnerney Leidle wrote on a GoFundMe page that her daughter is expected to undergo several surgeries and that her recovery will be lengthy.
“She is a single mom with three young children who depend on her,” McKnerney Leidle wrote. “She has a long (road) ahead...”
Ericson, 35, resides in Vista, according to public records.
The beach was closed in the wake of the attack, and California state park officials and Marine Corps commanders appear poised to extend the ban.
“We've closed the beaches in the geographic proximity to the attack,” said Todd Lewis, the Central Sector Superintendent for the California State Park's Orange Coast District. “It appears that the lifeguards at Camp Pendleton are recommending that the beach remain closed for another 24 hours. If they make that final determination, we will follow suit.”
That would mean no swimming, surfing or diving along the coast about a mile north and south of San Onofre Beach.
Lewis said that both Camp Pendleton's commanders and state officials follow similar policies whenever there are verified reports of “aggressive behavior or an attack” by a shark.
Camp Pendleton posted guards on Sunday to bar visitors from the water, with lifeguards from Marine Corps Community Services on the scene as well.
Marine Corps spokeswoman Lt. Abigail Peterson said commanders would use the official Twitter account on Sunday evening to announce a decision on whether to keep the beach closed or to reopen it.
Surfline's webcams have caught great white sharks breaching waves in the area over the past month, including footage of a predator arcing into the air near Lower Trestles in Orange County.
Although there have been numerous human encounters with predator fish in San Diego County over the past seven decades, San Onofre's attack was only the 11th violent incident recorded in the area.
The last fatal shark attack in San Diego County was in 2010, when retired veterinarian David Martin, 66, was killed by a great white shark while on a triathlon training swim off Fletcher Cove.
Although the state officially has closed the beaches flanking the “Church” section of the shoreline, at 5 p.m. on Sunday 14 surfers bobbed on the waves about five football fields away from where the Saturday attack occurred.
Multiple surfers told The Union-Tribune that the state does not enforce the ban and those taking to the water do so at their own risk. San Clemente's Dominic DeSantis, 54, stood on the sand, scanning the sun-dappled sea for the telltale launch of a shark.
“If you see it, you just don't go out,” said DeSantis. “It's kind of like you have to see it to verify it. If you didn't see it, it never happened. That's the way pretty much everybody thinks.:
With 43 years spent riding San Onofre's waves, DeSantis said sharks sightings have grown in frequency over the past three years.
“They're jumping out of the water,” said DeSantis, pointing south toward the coast along San Onofre State Park's nature trails. “Two, three Friday nights ago, I saw one breach. I thought, ‘Oh. OK.' And then I went out surfing. The waves were really good.”
Shark experts say that what DeSantis and his fellow surfers are seeing isn't unusual. Attacks have increased since the turn of this century, as a result of growing shark populations and rising numbers of swimmers, surfers and divers said Ralph Collier, president of the Shark Research Committee, a non-profit research organization that tracks shark attacks on the West Coast and director of the Global Shark Attack File in Princeton, New Jersey.
There were 108 shark attacks on the Pacific Coast between 1926 and 1999, he said. The rate dramatically increased after that, however, with 95 attacks in just the last 17 years.
Marine protections such as stricter gillnet regulations have reduced the number of sharks accidentally caught by fishing boats, contributing to rising shark numbers as more visitors flocked to the ocean.
“When you increase the population of the ocean user groups, and you increase the population of sharks, you increase the possibility that there is going to be an interaction between them,” Collier said.
Newborn, juvenile and sub-adult white sharks often frequent shallow waters where they can easily find prey, he said. Soaring numbers of seals and sea lions also draw the sharks toward shore, where people are playing in the waves, he said.
Collier counts five attacks at San Onofre since 2004 but the sharks glide unseen among surfers and paddle boarders there on a nearly daily basis.
“I ventured to San Onofre in 2004, spent a number of days looking down from cliff,” Collier said. “I watched white sharks swimming among, between and below surfers, and they never even knew they were there. It's not like every time they are around a human they're going to bite them.”
CAPTION Retired school teacher Tom Rice of Coronado did a tandem jump in France as part of the annual D-Day remembrance. Retired school teacher Tom Rice of Coronado did a tandem jump in France as part of the annual D-Day remembrance. CAPTION Retired school teacher Tom Rice of Coronado did a tandem jump in France as part of the annual D-Day remembrance. Retired school teacher Tom Rice of Coronado did a tandem jump in France as part of the annual D-Day remembrance. CAPTION Vietnam War veterans use Memorial Day weekend to read out loud the names of San Diegans killed in the Vietnam War and still missing. Vietnam War veterans use Memorial Day weekend to read out loud the names of San Diegans killed in the Vietnam War and still missing. CAPTION The restored B-17 Flying Fortress was a tough act for anyone to follow but Donald Foulks was up to the task. As a 22-year-old bombardier, he was imprisoned in Nazi Germany's infamous Stalag Luft III, site of "The Great Escape." The restored B-17 Flying Fortress was a tough act for anyone to follow but Donald Foulks was up to the task. As a 22-year-old bombardier, he was imprisoned in Nazi Germany's infamous Stalag Luft III, site of "The Great Escape." CAPTION The littoral combat ship Omaha arrived in San Diego on Friday and will be commissioned on Feb. 3. The littoral combat ship Omaha arrived in San Diego on Friday and will be commissioned on Feb. 3. CAPTION The U.S. Navy filing military criminal charges on Tuesday (January 16) against the former commanding officers of two U.S. warships, after collisions in Asia last year left 17 sailors dead. In June, the guided missile destroyer USS Fitzgerald crashed into a Philippines container ship. In August, the USS John S. McCain collided with a tanker near Singapore, leaving a huge hole in the side of that destroyer The U.S. Navy filing military criminal charges on Tuesday (January 16) against the former commanding officers of two U.S. warships, after collisions in Asia last year left 17 sailors dead. In June, the guided missile destroyer USS Fitzgerald crashed into a Philippines container ship. In August, the USS John S. McCain collided with a tanker near Singapore, leaving a huge hole in the side of that destroyer
cprine@sduniontribune.com
Image caption Police say said the explosives, weapons and ammunition were all functional
Police in the Czech Republic have charged a man who is suspected of planning attacks similar to those by Anders Behring Breivik in Norway.
The 29-year-old man was charged with unlawful possession of weapons and endangering the public.
Weapons, explosives and police uniforms were found in his flat in the city of Ostrava and detectives say he was using the name Breivik on the internet.
The man has five convictions, one for blowing up a wooden shack.
Neighbours told Czech media that the suspect, whose name has not been released, had mental problems but did not appear to be an extremist.
Police searched the man's apartment on 10 August but have only now disclosed details of what was found.
They raided the property after being tipped off that he was planning to detonate a large explosive device crafted from an aircraft bomb.
He was carrying a remote-controlled detonator when he was arrested last week. About 400 ammunition rounds, police uniforms and masks were also found in his flat.
'Probable sympathies'
At a news conference, police said they did not know the suspect's intended target, but said the explosives, weapons and ammunition were all functional.
The man had enough weapons to kill dozens of people.
The director of the regional headquarters of the Czech police, Tomas Tuhy, said they were investigating any possible connection with Breivik.
"We are working with the idea that this 29-year-old man probably sympathises with known murderer Anders Breivik from Norway," he said.
A photograph in the Czech media shows a smiling young man with a receding hairline and a neatly trimmed beard, being led away in handcuffs, the BBC's Rob Cameron reports from Prague.
On 22 July 2011, Breivik, a right-wing militant, killed eight people in a bomb attack in Oslo before gunning down another 69 in a youth camp on the island of Utoeya.
Judges are set to decide next week whether he is sane or insane, and therefore whether he will be given a long prison sentence or be sent to a secure psychiatric ward.
You might expect someone who's taught for years at Christian schools like Bethel University and Westmont College to be of a certain theological flavor. You certainly wouldn't expect that person to describe themselves as a “Christian humanist.” But that is exactly the label Daniel Taylor uses. His recent book, “The Skeptical Believer: Telling Stories to Your Inner Atheist,“ makes a compelling case for why skepticism isn't the antithesis of faith. Here, we discuss religious certainty, doubt, and why he doesn't resist his “inner atheist.”
RNS: You call yourself a Christian humanist. What does this mean to you?
DT: Christians have foolishly allowed secularists to define humanism to suit themselves. (For example, the claim that the defining idea of humanism is that “man is the measure of all things.”) There's a long tradition of Christian humanism that affirms the central orthodoxies of Christianity, one of which is that God made us and the world and that both are therefore valuable and worthy of exploration.
RNS: You grab readers with the seemingly contradictory idea of a “skeptical believer.” What does this mean?
DT: A skeptic is one with a habitual resistance to accepting truth claims—you could say a knee-jerk doubter, though skeptics like to think of themselves as people who look before they leap. A believer is one who accepts something as real or true or worthy of affirmation, often without proof. Sometimes skeptic and believer go together. I use the term “skeptical believer” to refer to Christians who want to believe the claims of faith but whose minds and will are constantly raising objections.
My central claim is that faith is possible for these types of people because God offers us a story to play our part in, not a set of propositions for us to prove. [tweetable]Certainty is a false goal for any thinking person when it comes to most of the important areas of life.[/tweetable]
RNS: What's an “inner atheist,” and why do you maintain that having one is compatible with a life of faith?
DT: My “inner atheist” is that part of me that wants to play it safe (though in reality it's not safe at all) by forestalling all commitments until one has proof or certainty. He gets especially jumpy about committing to ultimate things, which he rightly argues can't be proven (though lots of evidence can be marshalled, a different thing).
I tried to kill my “inner atheist” for a long time, thinking he was some evil force separate from me. I have decided, instead, that my “inner atheist” is me or a part of me. He's me when I'm tired, frustrated by life, insecure, or thinking I'm really smart. Now, instead of trying to squash him, I let him have his say, make his debating points, pass a little cynical gas, or whatever he feels the need to do. Then I go on with my commitment to my part as a character in the story of faith. He hates that, but I find it makes him much less powerful than he was when I was trying to do him in.
An “inner atheist” is compatible with the life of faith because faith is a life, one that requires commitment amidst uncertainty, not simply agreement to a set of propositions that one can prove.
RNS: You dismiss the idea that faith is a set of truths to be believed, in favor of viewing faith as a story to be lived. Say more.
DT: I don't dismiss truth, but I do claim that intellectual assent to a set of statements about God is not what faith is primarily about. Faith is not a puzzle to be solved, but a life to be lived, and, literally, a story in which one is called to be a character.
God's truth expresses itself in many ways—through story, relationships, art, nature, etc. Propositional truth—rational assertions—have their place but are not primary. The Bible, for instance, is mostly story. There are crucial propositional assertions in the Bible (for instance, that God is love), but these depend for their meaning on all the stories that surround them. We learn what “God is love” means by the stories of the exodus, Jonathan and David, Ruth and Naomi, and, supremely, in the stories of the Gospels. Stories give flesh and meaning to the propositions, and the propositions help guard against misinterpretations of the story.
God invites us to join the story, not to prove beyond doubt the certainty of the propositions.
RNS: Many moderns find it difficult to believe that one can live a rich life of faith without proof. What has convinced you that this is a viable, and meaningful, way?
DT: Everything I have come to understand about the Bible, history, the human condition, and my own life has convinced me of this. There is a small area of the human experience which lends itself to proof or near proof. We generally call that area “science,” and it bases itself on experiment and a certain rationalistic method. It is powerful and often useful, but only in its limited sphere. Everything else that is meaningful in the human experience requires risk, commitment, uncertainty, and perseverance.
[tweetable]Difficult choices are always made in light of incomplete knowledge.[/tweetable] We always wish we knew more. Is this the person I should marry? Will this investment turn a profit? Is this the right person to vote for? We accept risk in many important areas, why should we expect no risk when it comes to God? God is offering us a role in the greatest story ever told. Neither reason nor anything else will give us enough information to either accept or reject it with certainty. Even as a skeptical believer, I haven't found a better story, and so I play my part, as best I can, in what I believe to be the story God is telling.
Protesters in Jordan demanded that the government resign on Monday for its failure to protect a Christian writer shot dead outside a court where he was to stand trial after sharing on social media a cartoon image seen as insulting Islam.
Hundreds of demonstrators gathered near the Prime Minister's office after writer Nahed Hattar was shot by a former Muslim preacher on the steps of the palace of justice on Sunday. The assailant gave himself up to the police near the scene.
“No to extremism, no to violence,” and “Down with the government,” shouted protesters carrying pictures of the slain writer, known for his support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and extremist nationalist views.
His death has shaken a country unaccustomed to such killings and raised fears of tensions between Muslims and the minority Christians who wield political and economic influence.
Hattar was arrested last month after sharing on social media a cartoon image of a bearded man in heaven smoking in bed with women and asking God to bring him wine and clear away his dishes.
The writer was released on bail but charged with contempt of religion and inflaming religious tension under the country's strict blasphemy laws.
Family members said the government failed to provide Hattar him with protection after he was released on bail, even after he had received death threats. They have so far refused to collect his body for burial.
“We demand at the very least the dismissal of the prime minister,” Khaled Hattar, the writer's brother, told Reuters at the protest.
A source familiar with the case said the gunman had told interrogators that he acted on his own.
Jordanians have condemned the killing, although the cartoon had angered many people in a majority Muslim country where Hattar was accused of disseminating hatred and mocking Islam.
Hattar was a controversial figure whose calls for depriving Jordanians of Palestinian descent their political rights had won him many enemies in a country with a large Palestinian population.
His killing, however, has worried many liberal Muslims and Christians who now fear radical Islamists may feel emboldened to take violent action against their opponents.
UK-based rights group Amnesty International on Monday said the killing “was a deplorable attack on freedom of expression”, saying strict blasphemy laws should be revoked. It called on the authorities to investigate the murder.
“Jordanian authorities must make it clear that attacks against people who peacefully express their views, however unpopular, will not be tolerated,” said Philip Luther, Research and Advocacy Director for the Middle East and North Africa at Amnesty International in a release on Monday.
Last Update: Tuesday, 27 September 2016 KSA 08:12 - GMT 05:12
It's only been two days since Donald Trump won the 2016 Presidential election, but in that time, his position on numerous policies has changed. During his campaign trail, President-elect Trump promised his supporters that he'd repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act (also known as “Obamacare”), as well as withdraw the US' military support from South Korea.
48 hours after Hillary Clinton conceded the win to Trump, he's changed his stance on both. The Independent reports that after Donald Trump met with President Barack Obama in the White House and the pair discussed the highlights of the Obama administration – particularly the fact that 20 million Americans have received healthcare with the Affordable Care Act (and 100,000 have signed up for Obamacare in the past 48 hours), Trump had a change of heart.
At the time of this writing, Donald Trump has said that he will only amend the Affordable Care Act, rather than repeal it. In fact, repealing the law outright may not be his plan going forward. This declaration has shocked many, particularly Congressional Republicans such as Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan. McConnell has said that repealing Obamacare is “pretty high” on his list of priorities for the next four years. And House Speaker Paul Ryan is presently asking Trump to allow him to privatize Medicare and terminate Obamacare, reports Salon. Americans have until January 31, 2017 to enroll in or change existing health coverage for the 2017 calendar year.
Another surprise came when Donald Trump promised to maintain the existing security alliance between the United States and South Korea. Reportedly, President-elect Trump spoke directly with President Park Geun-hye of South Korea on the phone to discuss Washington's long-standing promise to defend her country.
After it became clear that Donald Trump would, in fact, be America's next leader, stock markets in South Korea crashed. This prompted President Geun-hye to hold an emergency meeting with her national security council to safeguard the country's future. According to a statement from President Geun-hye's office, Trump told her:
“We will be steadfast and strong with respect to working with you to protect against the instability in North Korea.”
At one point during the10-minute phone call, she said:
“I expect that [we] can strengthen and develop the alliance down the road for the shared interests in various areas.”
South Korea's President also raised concern about North Korea's nuclear issue, saying it was the “greatest threat” facing the two countries.
“Given that in the past, North Korea staged provocations during the period of the government transition in the US, we need to closely cooperate in advance to thoroughly deter possible North Korean provocations and respond sternly if provoked,” she said.
According to International Business Times, Trump then responded that the US will work with South Korea “until the end” for the security of both countries. This is a stark contrast from what Trump suggested happen during his campaign trail. In a January interview on NBC's Meet the Press, Trump said: “We have 28,000 soldiers on the line in South Korea between the madman and them. We get practically nothing compared to the cost of this.” And in March, he told CNN's Anderson Cooper:
“We are better off frankly if South Korea is going to start protecting itself. They have to protect themselves or they have to pay us.”
To summarize, two days after winning the election, Donald Trump has gone back on two of the biggest promises he repeatedly put forward to supporters throughout his entire campaign. Is this good news? Bad news? We'll let you decide. Please comment below and share this news!
This article (BREAKING: Trump Will Neither Repeal Obamacare Nor Withdraw US' Support From South Korea) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under aCreative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com
Valerie Turks says Diddy owes her damages...
A woman is suing P Diddy for $1 trillion (£635 billion).
Valerie Joyce Wilson Turks, 31, has filed the suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against the rap mogul, his former girlfriend Kim Porter and Rodney King, the man who was a victim of assault by the Los Angeles Police in 1991.
She also claims that she and Diddy have a son together, Cornelius Wilson, who is now 23.
Turks also alleges that Diddy, real name Sean Combs, caused the 9/11 attacks, put her son in hospital and sold a poker chip belonging to her, which she says was worth “100 zillions of dollars”.
According to court papers seen by Radaronline.com Turks is asking for $900 billion (£571.5 billion) in child support and $100 billion (£63.5 billion) in lost income.
In papers she has submitted to the court, Turks wrote: “[Diddy] went through Kim Porter and Rodney King and knocked down the World Trade Center and then they all came and knocked my children down. Set me up to be on disability and disabled my baby. He put my baby in a wheelchair.”
She added: “I won a lot of money at the casino in Mississippi and Sean P Diddy Combs has my chip to my money. I want my chip please help me. It's well worth over 100 zillions of dollars.”
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Turks also applied for a restraining order against Diddy, which a judge has denied. Although Turks is not expected to get very far with her lawsuit, the judge has set a court date of January 31 for the case to be heard.
In Photos – 21 weird lawsuits involving musicians
Genova, 12 August (AKI) - A 46-year-old mother was admitted to hospital in the northwest port city of Genoa on Monday after an attack in which acid was thrown in her face.
The woman, who works for a cleaning company, told police she was going to work at around 6am when man with his face concealed carried out the attack.
The woman is married with children.
The attack was the latest in a series in Italy that have targeted women but also men.
In June, a jilted girlfried threw acid in her ex-boyfriend's face in the Sicilian city of Arcireale. The 38-year-old woman faces charges of attempted murder and grievous bodily harm.
In May, in the northeast Italian city of Vicenza, two unknown men threw caustic soda into the face of a 32-year-woman after she answered the doorbell of her apartment.
Earlier the same month, an elderly man allegedly threw a corrosive substance into the face of a pregnant woman outside a hospital near the northern city of Milan before escaping on a moped.
Two attacks in April allegedly involved revenge against exes. In one outside Rome, a woman threw acid into the face of her ex-boyfriend, a male nurse, on a train bound for the seaside town of Ostia.
In the second attack in the eastern coastal city of Pesaro, a 35-year-old lawyer and an alleged Albanian accomplice threw acid into the face of the lawyer's ex-girlfriend, leaving her with third-degree burns to her upper torso.
Senate Democrats who support reforming the filibuster when the new Congress convenes next month insist their ideas are fairly modest. Their farthest-reaching proposal, they say, would be to end the era of silent obstruction, and force filibustering senators to hold the floor and register their objections publicly, and at indeterminate length. The 60-vote supermajority typically required to end the filibuster, they insist, would still stand.
But would it really?TPM spoke with a Senate Democratic aide familiar with how the rule would work in practice. In short, if the majority party wins the test of wills, the super majority requirement would be irrelevant.
Currently the minority party can mount “silent” filibusters, so long as the majority can't muster 60 supportive votes. That means they can block a bill from moving to debate or to a final vote without necessarily occupying the floor and speaking, just like the iconic scene in Mr. Smith Goes To Washington. If even a single member of the minority objects quietly to a simple-majority vote on a piece of legislation or a nominee, the majority must muster 60 votes to end debate.
The Democrats want to alter these incentives by implementing a “talking” filibuster that shifts some of the burden to the filibustering minority. The reforms under consideration would take away obstructing senators' shortcuts in scuttling a bill, forcing them to occupy the floor and speak ceaselessly until one party or the other loses its will and gives up.
Specifically, here's what the plan will do: if the minority summons enough votes to block a cloture motion, the Senate would proceed to a period of extended debate. Then, in order to sustain the blockade, at least one of the 41 filibustering senators would be required to hold the floor and speak without any ability to suspend debate.
“The idea is, you can't ask for a quorum call and we get rid of all the other ways you can delay. So if you want to block a majority vote, you have to be on the floor talking,” said a Senate Democratic aide familiar with the plan. “As soon as someone's not talking, the majority can ask for a vote to move forward, and that would require 51 votes.”
That would dramatically weaken what is currently an ironclad 60-vote requirement to move to a final vote on legislation without the unanimous consent of the Senate.
“It really puts the onus on the minority when it wants to obstruct and delay,” the Democratic aide said. “They can filibuster as long as they want to be on TV, showing that they're being obstructers.”
Members of the majority party, it should be noted, would need to be close at hand in order to pass legislation if the minority exhausted itself and ended its talking filibuster.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) warns that if Democrats succeed in their effort, they'll live to regret it when they return to the minority.
“There's growing Democratic unease with breaking the rules to change the rules. I think it would be very difficult for that to come about,” he said Tuesday. “That was appropriately labeled by the other side a few years ago when we were thinking of doing something similar, the ‘nuclear option.' I think it would be bad for the institution, bad for the country.”
BANGALORE: Sayan Chowdhury couldn't believe his name would be etched on the wall of fame along with other Mozillians. The Mozilla Monument outside the company's office in San Francisco recognizes contributors who've helped the maker of the Firefox browser and other products keep the internet alive, open and accessible. Chowdhury is one among the 5,000-odd Mozilla volunteers doing his bit for the love of code.The 23-year-old software developer in Bangalore-based coding platform HackerEarth has made it to Mozilla's roster of open source contributors for his contribution to Mozilla Kuma, a wiki platform that powers its developer network. Kuma is an open source platform written in Python using the open source web application framework Django. Chowdhury has also contributed extensively to Rust, a new programming language supported by Mozilla Research. "I translated the Mozilla interface into Hindi using a web-based translation platform called Transifex," he told TOI. That also probably won him a ticket to the Mozilla Summit held in San Francisco last October.The open source movement has seen a renaissance of sorts over the last few years and many Indian contributors are getting global recognition for their work in the space. Some of them have made significant contributions to Fedora, an operating system based on Linux Kernel, the Chromium projects, the open-source projects behind the Google Chrome browser and operating system, and Android.These developers don't get paid for their work, but the sheer excitement to fix something and make useful contributions is a huge encouragement."The contribution by Indian developers to the open source technology stack has seen a surge and this trend will continue to grow. Google has invested considerably in open source projects such as Android. Go, Dart, Angular JS, Web M are some other open source technologies that we believe in and we educate the developers to consume and contribute back through our developer community channel," said Sunil Rao, country head of Google India's startup programme.Kushal Das's day job is of a community gardener in Eucalyptus Systems that offers open source software for building AWS (Amazon Web Services)-compatible private clouds. But he plugged into the open source community so much so that he now wears many contributions as badges of honour. Das is the only Indian to be nominated as the director of Python Software Foundation, a non-profit corporation that holds the IP rights for the Python programming language. He is also a core developer for Python and contributed to a Python script called L10n Checks. He is also an ambassador and developer for the Fedora Project. He was invited to give a technical talk at the Flock, Fedora Contributor Conference 2014, in Prague in April. "The ability to fix something and the ability to enhance something excite developers to contribute to open source projects," said Raghu Mohan, product manager in HackerEarth.Take Anand Chitipothu. He works as a consultant in the non-profit outfit Internet Archive. He teamed up with the celebrated American computer programmer Aaron Swartz on web.py, a web framework for Python. Swartz, who was involved in the web feed development of RSS, died last year at the young age of 26. Today, Chitipothu runs the Python user group BangPypers in Bangalore.Former Cisco and Synopsys engineer Noufal Ibrahim is a member of the board of the Python Software Foundation. Today, he runs The Lycaeum, which conducts programming workshops for engineering students in Kerala, with the idea of giving something back to the community. Siddhesh Poyarekar, a senior software developer, has made significant contributions to the GNU C Library known as Glibc.The GNU C Library, originally written by the Free Software Foundation for the C programming language, is designed to be a portable and high performance C library.
The hard-drinking Aussie is the stuff of legend and lore. But there's little proof Australians drank more than other colonials and by some accounts they drank less (points made in Sidney Baker's The Australian Language).
But, of course, we do enjoy a drink – at times a little too much – and a rich bevy of terms suggests we do it in Australian ways: merrily, tongue in cheek and with a shout or two.
Plinkity plink, let's see how we drink – or rather the words Australians have used to do it throughout history.
Plonk, chardy and the goon of fortune
Plonk is perhaps Australia's best-known word for alcohol. It originally meant cheap, fortified wine but over time came to mean any cheap alcohol.
In terms of origins, lexicographer Bruce Moore notes that one account links plonk to the range of sounds the liquid might make hitting the bottom of your glass (plinkity plink, plinkity plank, plinkity plonk).
A more likely story, conveyed by Moore among others, views plonk as a malapropism used by first world war diggers who misheard or had some fun with the French vin blanc “white wine”. The diggers also called or spelled white wine point blank and vin blank. And, of course, these days we drink chardy and champers, lest we give French its full due.
Australian drinkers are known to have a bit of fun with French. Last year the new edition of the Australian National Dictionary (AND) welcomed chateau cardboard to its pages, a tongue-in-cheek reference to cask wine, using chateau for a wine-producing estate in an ironic way.
Australians invented boxed wine and celebrate its invention through games (Goon of Fortune was another addition to the AND) and a rich array of words, including boxie, box monster, Dapto briefcase, Dubbo handbag, red handbag, goon, goonie, goon bag, goon juice and goon sack.
Goon is mostly likely a shortening of flagon, but might also be linked to the Australian English goom, itself linked to an indigenous word gun, meaning “water” in the south Queensland languages Gabi-gabi, Waga-waga and Gureng-gureng.
And then, of course, there's grog, eponymous with Admiral Edward Vernon who ordered his sailors' rum to be watered down. Vernon was known as Old Grog because of his grogram-fabric coat, and so this watered-down rum also came to be labelled.
Full as a raging bull
Australians might get on the grog or hit the grog, but there are also many other things we might get or hit. For instance, we hit the piss, slops or turps (short for turpentine) or get on the tiger, get a drink across our chest or get a black dog up ya.
The result of our hitting or getting is to be full “drunk” and there is an even longer list of things we might be full as, including a bull, a bull's bum, a footy final, a goog, the family pot, a pommy complaint box or a seaside shitter on a holiday weekend.
The important thing is to have lively fun, or a rage with your mates, who might themselves be ragers. Rage and rager were the choice words for lively parties and revellers from the 1970s. These are probably unrelated to the obsolete homophone rager, meaning “an untamed and aggressive bull or cow”, but it's fun to note the overlap in light of the party animal.
Before the 1970s, Australians called lively parties shivoos. Some thought shivoo was Australians having a bit of fun with French (from chez vous “your place” or shivaree “a serenade of rough music”). Others linked it to British nautical slang, and a word meaning a drunken ruckus or punch-up.
Shivoo's most likely origin is a British dialect word (by some accounts Yorkshire or Cornwall) shiveau (with the sometimes Frenchified spelling of chevaux).
Of course, some choose to drink alone. Such drinkers are said to be dry hash, Jimmy Woodser, Jack Smithers, drinking on my Pat Malone or drinking with the flies. Pat Malone is merely rhyming slang (for alone) and it's never quite been clear if a Jimmy Woods or Jack Smithers ever existed.
Lambing down till the horse jumps over the bar
One thing's for sure: if you drink with mates you'll probably be expected to shout a round or two (or alternatively stand, sneeze, carry the mail, wally grout, wally, bowl, sacrifice).
If you don't, you might find yourself accused of an American shout, Chinaman's shout, Dutch shout, Yankee shout or Yankee. Moreover, people might say of you (s)he wouldn't shout if a shark bit her (him).
On the other hand, the best kind of friend is a captain, or someone who lavishly spends on drinks for themselves and their mates, perhaps at the behest of a lamber down, a pub owner who encourages people to drink lavishly (or lamb down).
Failing a captain, you'll probably have to run a tab, or tie a dog up or chain up a pup. But after time, the publican might want to settle the score or mad dog “unpaid credit”.
A publican who wants a tab paid might point out that the dogs are barking, as this publican did in a 1937 advertisement (from Sidney Baker's, The Australian Language):
He particularly requests that all dogs tied up at the hotel be released. This reservation specially applies to Kelpies, Alsations and other large breeds.
If you don't have the cash to pay the publican, you might have to jump a horse over the bar, which is what one did when all they had left to pay with was their horse.
Kinect was good on paper, now it just wears a paper dunce cap
Microsoft is dropping the Xbox One price next month, but while this new console "unbundling" is more competitive with PS4, it doesn't come with the so-called next-generation Kinect.
Don't get us wrong, the core technology behind the Xbox One Kinect lives up to what Microsoft once called "rocket science level stuff."
Its 1080p camera can track six skeletons at once, processes 2GB of data per second and measure the time it takes for photons to bounce off an object for the utmost accuracy.
However, Microsoft's "all in" strategy of initially requiring Xbox One Kinect with every console purchase didn't add up to a whole lot for early adopters who were charged a premium.
Here are five ways the Kinect failed Microsoft and stiffed those who bought an Xbox One early.
1. It made Xbox One cost more
Kinect tilted the ongoing PS4 vs Xbox One comparison in favor of Sony's next-gen system in just six months largely because of a small, but meaningful price difference.
At launch, PS4 cost $399 (£349, AU$549) and Xbox One cost $499 (£429, AU$599). It's hard to justify spending even more money on a new console when both lack triple-A games.
Xbox One vs PS4 launch prices. Thanks, Kinect!
And yes, we're looking at Kinect, which is always looking at us, as the source of the problem. Xbox One teardowns have estimated the camera and its sensor parts cost $75 (about £45, AU$80).
Xbox One has been tagged by the general public as the more expensive system since a devastating E3 2013, and now Microsoft is waiting until E3 2014 to officially drop the price.
2. Its one good game took forever to come out
There seemed to be a big push to incorporate the new Kinect into Xbox One games, but that has so far amounted to five games that require the hardware and 17 more that minimally support it.
Four of those Kinect-required games aren't that special: Just Dance 2014, Xbox Fitness, Zumba Fitness and the all-around-awful Fighter Within.
The Rare-developed Kinect Sports Rivals is the one unique game that has made using the Xbox One fun, but it initially launched as a mini-game-teasing demo. The full game didn't come out until April.
One worthwhile Kinect game. So that's what they mean by Xbox ONE
In other words, not even Microsoft wasn't ready to support Kinect from day one. It was, however, ready to collect gamers' money for the camera on that day.
3. Convinced us 'if everyone has Kinect, it'll be better'
Just as devastating was Microsoft's insistence that if everyone has Kinect out of the box, more games would be developed for 100% of the audience.
It was a bold strategy that made a lot of sense. Sony is selling the PS4 camera separately and, looking at history, an estimated 14% of PS3 owners bought into PlayStation Move accessories.
No developer wants to spend time making games for a small subset of the next-gen audience, so bundling Xbox One Kinect was touted as a risky but clever strategy.
Now Microsoft is prepping a version of its system that doesn't include the camera, dividing its gamers between those who won't have Kinect and those who got sucked into buying it.
The theory that "if everyone owned a Kinect, the experience would be better" wound up being little more than a bold strategy that never materialized.
4. Stoked early privacy fears
The idea of an always-on Kinect came off a creepy to privacy-conscious gamers, so Microsoft abandoned its requirement to have Kinect plugged in at all times three months before launch.
But the timing couldn't have been worse for this initial trial balloon. The NSA was being accused spying on its citizens through the Prism surveillance program.
Powerful, but also seen as privacy-threatening
Even fresher in everyone's minds was the fact that Microsoft itself was alleged to have helped the FBI circumvent encrypted Outlook.com messages in a "team sport" effort.
Microsoft has refuted the Edward Snowden-leaked documents that claimed it cooperated with US intelligence agencies.
Still, having an Xbox One camera in your house seemed like an NSA trojan horse and a bad idea to some of the loudest internet voices.
5. 'One' confusing launch window
Microsoft can't do any more backpedaling. It's done. It has given in to all of the controversial aspects of its Xbox One announcement in just six months.
Xbox One banned used game sales and then it didn't. It was supposed to have 24-hour daily check-ins for DRM purposes and then it didn't.
Six months in: Microsoft's very last concession
It wasn't due to support indie game developers, and now it is. A plugged-in Kinect was to be required and now it isn't.
It was more expensive than PS4 and now it's not. It had to come with that vital Kinect motion controller, and next month it won't.
There's a minority opinion that some of these ideas were good and that the Microsoft didn't stand its ground when the backlash against its policies started trending on Twitter.
Gamers weren't ready for some of these big changes, but even when the ideas went through, like including the Kinect, Microsoft showed us that it wasn't ready either.
NEW DELHI: The West Bengal assembly has adopted the resolution to rechristen the state's name. It would be known as 'Bangla' in Bengali, 'Bengal' in English and 'Bangal' in Hindi.Now, the new names would require a Constitutional amendment to effect the change.Recently, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee had to speak at the very end of an event on centre-state relationship held in Delhi as the turn came in alphabetical order of the name of the state and West Bengal inevitably appears at the bottom of the list. This has been a constant complaint of West Bengal bureaucrats and ministers.''We are proud today. Those who objected the resolution will not be forgiven by history," Mamata said shortly after the resolution was passed in the assembly.In the Bengali language, the state is currently referred to as 'Pashchim Bengal', which translates to 'West Bengal.' The renaming would change it to 'Bangla' in Bengali. This would then gel with the already in effect change in the spelling of the state capital Kolkata, which was once officially called 'Calcutta.'During Partition, the British province of Bengal was split into West Bengal and East Pakistan [formerly East Bengal] which became a part of Pakistan and later became Bangladesh in 1971. Some supporters of rechristening have proposed this argument as the name 'West Bengal' is redundant now because there is no 'East Bengal' anymore. They also say that this would help wipe off the colonial hangover.For example, Punjab - which the British had divided up as 'West'and 'East' Punjab - was called just that by both India and Pakistan after Partition.
Helmut Marko has confirmed reports that Max Verstappen's father is taking on an official Red Bull role. Earlier, we reported that former F1 driver Jos Verstappen, whose teenage son now drives for Red Bull Racing, was considering taking up a role as a sort of young talent scout for the energy drink company.
Marko, who runs Red Bull's driver programme, confirmed: "This is a good cooperation and expansion of the Red Bull junior team." The Austrian said 45-year-old Verstappen, who oversaw his 19-year-old son Max's meteoric rise to F1, will help Red Bull as it looks for the next talents of the future.
"It is a question of time, as there are clashes with junior races so that I cannot see them," said Marko, who attends all the grands prix. "So we asked if he has the time and the inclination to visit certain races for us," he said, revealing that Verstappen's first assignment is the F3 race in Pau this weekend.
But Marko said Jos' scope will go beyond that as well. "Jos was always closely involved in karting," he said. "He can not only coach the drivers with his experience, but also look at the teams. The success in the development phase that he managed with Max is obvious," Marko said. (GMM)
Monday Federal Reserve Vice Chair Stanley Fischer offered up a speech and lengthy discussion on recent monetary policy. It was both illuminating and frustrating at once. Although his confidence is fading, I also sense that he is resisting change. Fischer begins by reviewing the December decision:
Our decision in December was based on the substantial improvement in the labor market and the Committee's confidence that inflation would return to our 2 percent goal over the medium term. Employment growth last year averaged a solid 220,000 per month, and the unemployment rate declined from 5.6 percent to 5.0 percent over the course of 2015. Inflation ran well below our target last year, held down by the transitory effects of declines in crude oil prices and also in the prices of non-oil imports. Prices for these goods have fallen further and for longer than expected. Once these oil and import prices stop falling and level out, their effects on inflation will dissipate, which is why we expect that inflation will rise to 2 percent over the medium term, supported by a further strengthening in labor market conditions.
This covers familiar territory, as does his subsequent remarks the even after raising rates, policy remains accommodative:
I would note that our monetary policy remains accommodative after the small increase in the federal funds rate adopted in December. And my colleagues and I anticipate that economic conditions will evolve in a manner that will warrant only gradual increases in the federal funds rate, and that the federal funds rate is likely to remain, for some time, below the levels that we expect to prevail in the longer run.
This is the first source of my frustration, because his definition of "accommodative" depends upon a specific idea of the neutral Fed Funds rates. From the subsequent discussion:
Well, I think we have to wait to see precisely where this process will take us. We expect now that the numbers given in the survey, we can now make projections, the SEP of members of the FOMC, of somewhere around 3 ¼, 3, 3 ½ percent, which is on average a bit lower than in the past. But we'll be data-dependent and we'll see what happens. We don't have to fix a rate that we'll be at. We can indicate what members of the FOMC believe, which is what the number I've just given you is.
If you don't know the longer-run rate, how can you know how accommodative policy is? If the longer-run rate is close to 2 percent, then policy is less accommodative than you think it is. The endgame of policy is the dual employment/price stability mandate, not a specific level of interest rates.
The Fed's forecasts, however, have been foiled by oil and the dollar:
At our meeting last week, we left our target for the federal funds rate unchanged. Economic data over the intermeeting period suggested that improvement in labor market conditions continued even as economic growth slowed late last year. But further declines in oil prices and increases in the foreign exchange value of the dollar suggested that inflation would likely remain low for somewhat longer than had been previously expected before moving back to 2 percent.
This in and of itself would suggest a slower or delayed pace of rate hikes, but more on that later. As for market volatility and external events:
In addition, increased concern about the global outlook, particularly the ongoing structural adjustments in China and the effects of the declines in the prices of oil and other commodities on commodity exporting nations, appeared early this year to have triggered volatility in global asset markets. At this point, it is difficult to judge the likely implications of this volatility. If these developments lead to a persistent tightening of financial conditions, they could signal a slowing in the global economy that could affect growth and inflation in the United States. But we have seen similar periods of volatility in recent years that have left little permanent imprint on the economy.
This is unimpressive. Are we allowed to say that about Fischer? First, the likely implications of the volatility are straightforward. The decline in longer term yields signals the Fed is likely to be lower for longer. Second, it seems that Fischer does not acknowledge the Fed's role in minimizing the impact of similar bouts of volatility. They have responded by either easing via additional quantitative easing, or easing by delaying tightening (such as pushing back expectations of the taper or skipping their hoped-for September 2015 rate hike).
I find this distressing because when you fail to recognize your role, you set the stage for a policy error. They can't use the logic that they should hike in March because past volatility had no impact on growth when that same volatility actually changed their behavior and thus the economic outcomes. I guess they can use that logic, but they shouldn't.
So is March on the table still? I don't think they will have the inflation data to support such a move. But I can tell a story where they push ahead on the labor data alone. Back to Fischer:
As you know, in making our policy decisions, my FOMC colleagues and I spend considerable time assessing the incoming economic and financial information and its implications for the economic outlook. But we also must consider some other issues, two of which I would like to mention briefly today. First, should we be concerned about the possibility of the unemployment rate falling somewhat below its longer-run normal level, as the most recent FOMC projections suggest? In my view, a modest overshoot of this sort would be appropriate in current circumstances for two reasons. First, other measures of labor market conditions--such as the fraction of workers with part-time employment who would prefer to work full time and the number of people out of the labor force who would like to work--indicate that more slack may remain in labor market than the unemployment rate alone would suggest. Second, with inflation currently well below 2 percent, a modest overshoot actually could be helpful in moving inflation back to 2 percent more rapidly.
The economy is currently operating near the Fed's estimate of the natural rate of unemployment. Upward pressure on wages is constant with that hypothesis. The Fed would like unemployment to drop further to dissipate lingering underemployment and put upward pressure on inflation. So their is room for additional declines in the unemployment rate. But:
Nonetheless, a persistent large overshoot of our employment mandate would risk an undesirable rise in inflation that might require a relatively abrupt policy tightening, which could inadvertently push the economy into recession. Monetary policy should aim to avoid such risks and keep the expansion on a sustainable track.
Here Fischer echoes the comments of New York Federal Reserve President William Dudley. Policymakers fear that they cannot allow unemployment to drift far below the natural rate because they do not believe they could just nudge it back higher without causing a recession. They can only glide into a sustainable path from above. Hence one can envision the Fed getting caught up in the employment data between now and March. That is two reports; if those reports suggest that labor markets remain strong, then the Fed will resist holding rates steady. At a minimum, it would certainly complicate the March meeting and sap my confidence that they stand pat. Indeed, one voting member is already working hard to downplay recent events. Today's speech by Kansas City Federal Reserve President Esther George:
While taking a signal from such volatility is warranted, monetary policy cannot respond to every blip in financial markets. Instead, a focus on economic fundamentals, such as labor markets and inflation, can help guard against monetary policy over- or under- reacting to swings in financial conditions. To a great extent, the recent bout of volatility is not all that unexpected, nor necessarily worrisome, given that the Fed's low interest rate and bond- buying policies focused on boosting asset prices as a means of stimulating the real economy. As asset prices adjust to the shift in monetary policy, it is to be expected that the pricing of risk will realign to this different rate environment… …The exact timing of each move, however, is subject to the economic environment. Because monetary policy affects the economy with lags, decisions must necessarily rely on forecasts and their associated risks — not waiting until desired objectives are realized. If we wait for the data to provide complete confirmation before making a policy decision, we may well have waited too long. Likewise, policy may be faced with altering its trajectory if the economy's progress points to a different outlook. But in the absence of any substantial shift in the outlook, my view is that the Committee should continue the gradual adjustment of moving rates higher to keep them aligned with economic activity and inflation. These actions are often difficult, but also necessary to keep growth in line with the economy's long-run potential and to foster price stability.
An additional point: Watch for policymakers to downplay the inflation numbers as well. Back to George:
Finally, inflation has remained muted as a result of lower oil prices and the strong U.S. dollar. Recent movements in each of these have been quite large by historical standards. Yet, despite these headwinds, core measures of inflation have recently risen on a year-over-year basis. And although inflation rates over the past few years have hovered below the Fed's goal of 2 percent, they have been positive and broadly consistent with price stability.
Note the "positive and broadly consistent" line. And Fischer:
And our view of progress is what the law calls maximum employment and what we call maximum sustainable employment, and a 2 percent inflation rate. And when we get there—we're there—we're very close to there on employment, and on inflation the core number that came out this morning was 1.4 percent. You know, that's not 2 percent. It's not in another universe. It's not a negative number. But inflation's been pretty stable, and we'd like it to go up.
Not in "another universe' from 2 percent. Not negative. Sure we'd like it to go up, but are we really worried about it? Doesn't sound like it to me.
Bottom Line: Fischer is clearly less confident than earlier this month when he claimed that market participants were underestimating the pace of rate hikes. The baseline of four hikes is clearly is doubt; see here for my five potential scenarios. Financial market participants have almost completely discounted any rate hikes this year. This is a recession scenario that I am not enamored with. That said, I suspect market volatility and lack of inflation data keep them on hold in March and maybe April even if the recession does not come to pass. However (although not my baseline), I can tell a story where they feel like the employment data forces their hand. Especially so if they continue to downplay the inflation numbers. A substantial part of their policy still appears directed by a pre-conceived notion of "normal" policy. This I think is the Fed's largest error; the fact that the yield curve stubbornly resists being pushed higher suggests that the Fed's estimates of the terminal fed funds rates is wildly optimistic. There appear to be limits to which the Fed can resist the global pull of zero (or lower) rates.
“The team and management are very quick to be very supportive of you in those situations. But they couldn't really say anything to make me feel much better. They gave me a hug and said ‘It's all right mate'. There wasn't really much more they could say at the time.
Pick your Telegraph Fantasy Cricket team for the chance to win a share of more than £16,000
“Disappointment is the biggest emotion now. I remember getting the medal and thinking it's just a runners-up medal. You don't want it. You want the winner's medal but then later we had two hours in the changing room and all the lads had medals around their neck and we were saying nobody can take this moment away from us. We played for our country in a World Cup final. Let's be proud of that.
“Setbacks make you want to be better again. This will be in my mind for quite a long time and I will reflect on it for a long time. It will be a little bit of motivation to make sure this does not ever happen again. So train 10 minutes longer every now and again to get better.”
Meet the Real Adolf Hitler!! Hitler was a Rothschild!! Adolf (Rothschild) Hitler (1889-1945).
Dictator of Germany from 1933 to 1945 Alois (Rothschild) Hitler (1837-1903). Alois Hitler, father of Adolf, was the illegitimate son of Maria Anna Schicklgruber and Baron Rothschild. "There are some people who seriously doubt that Johann Georg Hiedler was the father of Alois. Thyssen and Koehler, for example, claim that Chancellor Dollfuss had ordered the Austrian police to conduct a thorough investigation into the Hitler family. As a result of this investigation a secret document was prepared that proved that Maria Anna Schicklgruber was living in Vienna at the time she conceived . At that time she was employed as a servant in the home of Baron Rothschild. As soon as the family discovered her pregnancy she was sent back to her home in Spital where Alois was born. If it is true that one of the Rothschilds is the real father of Alois Hitler, it would make Adolf a quarter Jew. According to these sources, Adolf Hitler knew of the existence of this document and the incriminating evidence it contained. In order to obtain it he precipitated events in Austria and initiated the assassination of Dollfuss. According to this story, he failed to obtain the document at that time since Dollfuss had secreted it and had told Schuschnigg of its whereabouts so that in the event of his death the independence of Austria would remain assured. Several stories of this general character are in circulation. (Langer, The Mind of Adolf Hitler, p.107)." The super-rich families like the Rockefellers, Rothschilds and Roosevelts all intermarry and outsiders are not welcome. They believe that the U.S. should be an hereditary MONARCHY with their family members as kings and queens!! Because of all their recessive genes, madness doesn't run in those families.....it gallops!! Hitler and the Vatican Concordat Archbishop Cesare Orsenigo, papal nuncio to Germany, talks with Hitler at a formal reception in Berlin in Jan. 1936. The Vatican had a concordat with Nazi Germany which was signed in 1933. Signing the Concordat is Cardinal Pacelli (later to become Pope Pius XII). By 1933, he was the Vatican Secretary of State. Seated second from his left is Franz von Papen who was the Papal Nuncio to Germany. Standing at the far right can be seen the little known Vatican prelate, Montini, later to become Pope Paul VI. Hitler and the Pope had a secret agreement: The Pope would give Hitler ALL the support he needed in the conquest of Russia and Hitler would divide Italy once again and give back the Papal States to the Pope. Hitler never realized that he was fighting God ALMIGHTY HIMSELF.....With the defeat of Hitler, many of the top Nazis escaped to the U.S. and carried on the war against Russia under the disguise of fighting communism. Hitler the evil genius!! Hitler was supposed to be an evil GENIUS who was intent on conquering the world. Lets look at his report card to see if this was true: Hitler's Secondary School Report Card. Moral Conduct....3, very satisfactory Diligence.... 4, irregular Religious Instruction....4, adequate German....5, below standard Geography.....4, adequate History....4, adequate. Shorthand....5, below standard Mathematics....5, below standard Chemistry....4, adequate Freehand drawing....2, good Physics....3, very unsatisfactory Gymnastics....1, excellent Genealogy and Chronology of Adolf Hitler's Youth. Date Event 1837 Birth of Alois Schicklgruber, Adolf's father, as the illegitimate son of Maria Anna Schicklgruber and Baron Rothschild. 1842 Marriage of Alois' mother to Johann Georg Hiedler. 1847 Death of Maria Anna Hiedler. 1850 Alois Schicklgruber apprenticed to a bootmaker in Vienna, Austria. 1855 Alois Schicklgruber given employment by Board of Inland Revenue. 1857 Johann George Heidler, Alois' stepfather, dies. 1873 Alois Schicklgruber marries Anna Glassl (no children). 1876 Alois Schicklgruber's name changed to Hitler. 1880 Alois divorced by his wife on grounds of adultery with Franziska Matzelsberger. 1882 Franziska Matzelsberger bears Alois a son, also given the name of Alois. 1883 Death of Alois' first wife, Alois marries Franziska Matzelsberger, Angela Hitler born. 1884 Death of Alois' second wife. 1885 Alois' third marriage with Klara Pölzl, granddaughter of Johann Nepomuk Hiedler, brother of Alois' deceased stepfather. 1889 Adolf Hitler born, the fourth child of his father's third wife, at Braunau, Austria, 1895 Adolf first attends school. 1896 Birth of Adolf's sister Paula. 1900 Adolf enters secondary school. 1905 Adolf leaves school and lives with his mother. Becomes close friends with August Kubizek. 1908 Adolf goes to live in Vienna, followed by his close friend Gustl Kubizek. 1909 Adolf living in Hostel for Homeless in Vienna. 1910 In the Spring, fails to report for examination prior to military service. 1911 Death of Adolf's aunt, Johanna Pölzl. Fails to report again for military, he is forced to renounce his orphan's pension. 1912 Fails to report for the third time for military training. 1913 24th. May, Adolf leaves for Munich. In August he is posted as a military deserter. 1914 Rejected for military service in Salzburg. 1923 The abortive Hitler-Putsch. 1924 Bavarian authorities contemplate deporting him to Austria. 1925 30th April, Adolf deprived, at his own request, of Austrian citizenship There you have it . . . Adolf left Vienna and went to Munich for one reason: to avoid the draft. . . . The man who sent millions to their deaths' in combat was a draft dodger. Hitler's roommate during his Vienna days was Gustl Kubizek. He said that Hitler never read a book, never went to the library and his sketches were awful!! How then came he to write a book entitled Mein Kampf which became a bestseller? Mein Kampf was ghost-written by a Jesuit priest named Father Staempfle.1 Hitler the dunce was the tool of much more cunning men. .. . Hitler had only one talent: he was a good public speaker and knew how to harangue the masses. As the son of a Civil Servant, Hitler could have obtained a good job in Vienna had he been inclined to work. Warrant for Hitler's arrest as a draft dodger in Austria INVESTIGATION SHEET
Name: Adolf Hietler (sic).
Lot Number 163.
Year of Birth: 20.4.1889.
Parents: Alois and Klara Pölzl.
Parish of Domicile: III-298 Linz.
Other Particulars: Aunt Joanna Pölzl,, independent, Urfahr, Blutengsse 9.
Steps taken to apprehend the deserter: None as yet.
On 22nd August Detective Officer Zauder of the Linz. Municipal Police reported: "Adolf Hietler does not appear in police records here or in Urfahr, and investigations elsewhere have failed to reveal his address." The first thing that Hitler did when he invaded Austria was to find and confiscate his draft records. That was probably the main reason why he invaded his homeland.!! Interesting Notes Realizing that he was a Rothschild, we can understand why Hitler the dunce could come out of nowhere and become Chancellor of Germany. Hitler's sister Paula was mentally retarded . . . but she still had more brains than her brother!! The other son of Hitler's father, Alois, left the family in 1896 and went to work in Paris as a waiter. Called the "black sheep" of the family. Disinherited, i.e. received only the legal minimum of his inheritance. He married an Irish girl and had a son named William Patrick Hitler. . . . Alois had no relations with Adolf, the political leader. References Jetzinger, Franz Dr. Hitler's Youth, Hutchinson & Co., London, 1958. Dr. Jetzinger was born and spent most of his life in Braunau on the Inn: Hitler's birthplace. Like Nerin E. Gun, Prof. Jetzinger was arrested by the Gestapo, who were frantically searching for Hitler's missing draft records. Lundberg, Ferdinand. America's 60 Richest Families, The Vanguard Press, New York, 1937. Langer, Walter, C. The Mind of Adolf Hitler, New American Library, New York, 1972. Paris, Edmond. Secret History of the Jesuits, Chick Pub., 1987 Springmeier, Fritz. Bloodlines of the Illuminati, Ambassador House, Austin, Texas, 2002. Back to Main Menu
Way back in 2005, when Andrew Harris was still in high school, he had a chance to meet Winnipeg Blue Bombers star running back Charles Roberts.
“I remember saying I was going to come and take his job,” Harris said Wednesday.
A dozen years later, Harris does indeed have that job and he's doing things even Hall of Famer Roberts never accomplished with the Bombers.
Harris is putting together one of the all-time great seasons in the CFL for a running back and he's doing it right in his own back yard, where he grew up dreaming of leading the Bombers out of their lengthy Grey Cup drought.
“It was all a dream,” the 30-year-old Harris said. “Not to quote Biggie lyrics there, but that's exactly what it was. It was all a dream. You envision these things but now that you're in it, you just live it and embrace it and enjoy it.”
A year after he signed with his hometown Winnipeg Blue Bombers, following six seasons with the B.C. Lions, Harris is on pace to smash CFL records.
With five games left in the season, he needs just 19 catches to break the record for most receptions in a season by a running back (102), which was set in 1985 by Craig Ellis of the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Harris is also looking to become the first player in CFL history to record 1,000 yards rushing and 1,000 yards receiving in the same season. He's currently on pace for 1,098 rushing yards and 994 receiving yards.
Only one player in CFL history has ever recorded more than 800 yards in both categories. That was Toronto's Robert Drummond in 1997. He had 1,134 yards rushing and 840 yards receiving.
Harris needs to average 56.4 yards per game down the stretch to hit the 1,000 mark in receiving along with 41.4 rushing yards to hit 1K on the ground.
“It was a goal I had,” Harris said of the pursuit of 1,000-1,000. “I'm in reach of it but we're getting down to the end of the season and there's going to be games where I might possibly not even play at the end of the season.
“So I'm just trying to get us in the best situation possible for the playoffs and part of that is me being an impact player and getting touches and getting yards.”
Harris was an impact player with the B.C. Lions for six years, twice going over 1,000 yards rushing and being named the most outstanding Canadian in the 2011 Grey Cup.
When he became a free agent in the winter of 2016, he jumped at the chance to sign with his hometown team. That gave him a chance to move home to be with his nine-year-old daughter Hazel and to fulfill a lifelong dream by playing for the Blue and Gold. He had a productive first season with the Bombers in 2016 but has exploded in 2017, touching the football more than any other non-quarterback in the CFL.
“To have the season we're having, from a team perspective and personally, just family life and overall, it's just exactly where I want to be,” Harris said.
“Every phase of life right now, just feels great. I'm extremely happy. It's fun to come to work every day, my teammates … I would sacrifice almost anything to be out there on the field with them to make plays.”
In an offence designed by co-ordinator Paul LaPolice, Harris is the ultimate dual-threat weapon. He has 793 rushing yards and 718 receiving yards, of which a league-high 564 yards were gained after the catch.
His warrior mentality rubs off on everyone around him and he is the perfect passing outlet for Nichols, who is also having his finest season as a CFL quarterback.
“Physically and mentally, the things that (Harris) goes through during a game to be able to put forth the effort that he does on every single play is inspiring,” Nichols said.
“He comes in the next day in the locker room and he's dancing and having a good time and I don't understand how he can even move.”
LaPolice is impressed with the way Harris carries himself as a professional. In meetings, Harris repeatedly shows that he understands the game and the game plan and could coach it himself if he had to. He learns every aspect of the offence, everybody's job.
“He could run the blitz meetings,” LaPolice said.
One of the keys to the success of Harris this season is that the Bombers simply have a strong, balanced offence. They've run more plays than any other team in the CFL.
“We have more touches, we convert better than anyone else in the CFL on second down,” LaPolice said. “So we're on the field more so everybody is getting more touches. That's shown from all the guys.”
When Harris was parting ways with the Lions, some doubts crept into his mind. Some observers were wondering if he could still be an impact running back and that certainly steeled his determination.
“I knew I still had a lot of gas left in the tank,” Harris said. “A lot of people might have doubted that, so for me is been about overcoming that.
“Any time you go to a new team and a new staff and new fans, you have to prove yourself again. I need to come out and be an impact player every time I touch the ball.”
Keeping players like Harris and Nichols healthy down the stretch is going to be paramount to the Bombers' playoff success. There's a good chance the team won't dress Harris in the last game of the season, if it doesn't have an impact on the standings, even if he is close to reaching the 1,000-1,000 mark.
It would not be like the Bombers at all to put any kind of personal statistics ahead of their quest for the Grey Cup.
Of course, it's conceivable the Nov. 3 game at Calgary's McMahon Stadium could be for first place, although a lot of things would have to go the Bombers' way over the next five weeks. They are five points behind Calgary right now but have a game in hand.
If that game is for a playoff bye, Harris will surely play and he just might get his chance to break the record.
One thing is for sure. The Bombers will keep going to the Harris well as long as he keeps producing.
“If you had Andrew Harris, you'd be getting him the ball as much as you could too,” Nichols said.
Twyman@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/Ted_Wyman
Harris in elite company among Manitoba athletes
Andrew Harris is a top candidate for the CFL's most outstanding player award, which is an honour never before stowed upon a Manitoban.
It would take something very special — like a 1,000-yard rushing and 1,000-yard receiving season — for Harris to even get the Bombers MOP nomination over quarterback Matt Nichols, but the running back belongs in the conversation.
He has had that special of a season and if he stays healthy and keeps putting up the numbers, it could be an historic one.
If he does earn a nomination for the MOP, he'd be in an elite class among Canadians. The only other Canadians to have won the league's MOP award are Calgary running back Jon Cornish in 2013, Ottawa receiver Tony Gabriel in 1978 and Ottawa quarterback Russ Jackson in 1963, 1966 and 1969.
Harris is the best CFL player from Winnipeg since Chris Walby starred on the offensive line for the Bombers for 15 years in the 1980's and '90s.
Now, can Harris do what Walby did and help deliver a Grey Cup to his hometown? Walby did it three times — in 1984, 1988 and 1990 — and was an all-star in two of those seasons. Overall, he was a CFL all-star nine times, outstanding lineman in the league twice.
Harris is not nearly as decorated, though he is a three-time CFL all-star, but getting his name in the record books will certainly put him in an elite class of Manitoba athletes.
The next eight weeks, right through the Grey Cup in Ottawa, will give Harris a chance to cement his legacy.
— Wyman
Who needs dog toys? Puppies find endless entertainment with DOOR STOPPERS in hilarious video compilation
Dogs are known to be a man's best friend, and it appears door stoppers are a puppy's worst enemy.
In a hilarious compilation of clips on YouTube, a series of puppies bite, hop on and swipe at the metal springs, barking as though trying to scare the inanimate objects away.
The video, compiled by CrazyFunnyStuffCFS, has garnered an incredible 96,000 views since it was posted on October 20.
Scroll down for video
Endless entertainment: In a hilarious new compilation of clips on YouTube, dozens of puppies bite, hop on and swipe at door stoppers, barking as though trying to scare the inanimate objects away Epic battle: Dogs are known to be a man's best friend, and it appears door stoppers are a puppy's worst enemy Popular: The video, compiled by CrazyFunnyStuffCFS, has garnered an incredible 96,000 views since it was posted on October 20 In one scene, a little brown and white pup exhibits his irrational dislike of a door stopper. The bewildered dog hops on top of it over and over, causing it to make a springy noise that seems to confuse him even more. RELATED ARTICLES Previous
1
Next It's Bob Baaa-ley! Marley the sheep sports amazing... Caught between a croc and a hard place: Doomed final moments... Share this article Share Another clip sees an adorable blonde puppy repeatedly hitting a doorstop with his paws, barking menacingly as the spring vibrates under his touch. A rather feisty looking brown and black puppy attacks the doorstop in his owner's home with both paws, much like the way a boxer hits a punching bag.
Waging war: A puppy bats at a metal spring on the wall before biting it
Foe: A husky exhibits his irrational disliking for doorstops
Intimidation tactics: He barks at it, as though trying to scare it away
While many of the canines seem to be waging war on the metal springs, others appeared to be scared of them, cowering cutely at the strange sounds and movements they make.
One particular pup, a pug, starts out by courageously pawing at the doorstop before backing away cautiously, apparently reassessing the situation.
Another light brown dog appears flabbergasted when the doorstop begins vibrating violently after he paws at it.
Bewildered: While many of the canines seem to be waging war on the metal springs, others appeared to be scared of them
Biting back: The pup wraps his teeth around the doorstop
Canine combat: An adorable blonde puppy repeatedly hits a doorstop with his paws
Skirmish: He barks menacingly as the spring vibrates at his touch
Some of the dogs seem to find unlikely comfort in the doorstops, lying down next to them and gripping them in their teeth like toys.
One orange and white corgi, for instance, spends a few moments hitting the spring from an apparently strategic side-on position, before settling down on her belly and giving it a gentle nip.
And another extremely fluffy puppy seems to try its hardest to dig beneath the doorstep before giving in and lying down beside it.
Equal match: Some of the dogs seem to find unlikely comfort in the doorstops, lying down next to them
Resolution: An orange and white Corgy spends a few moments hitting the spring from an apparently strategic side-on position, before settling down on her belly and giving it a gentle nip
Behind enemy lines: A brown pup reaches behind a door to get at his adversary
Trump shouts as he arrives at the U.S. Women's Open at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, N.J., on Saturday. (Kevin Lamarque/Reuters)
President Trump reacted to a new poll that shows his approval rating has slipped to 36 percent — the lowest of any president at six months into his presidency.
According to an ABC News/Washington Post survey released Sunday, Trump's approval rating is down 6 points since his 100-day mark, with 58 percent now disapproving of his job as commander in chief.
The president dismissed his dismal approval rating in a tweet.
“The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!” Trump tweeted.
The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 16, 2017
Trump is wrong to suggest that the ABC/Washington Post survey conducted prior to the 2016 election was inaccurate.
That poll, released on the eve of the vote, showed Hillary Clinton leading Trump by 4 points (47 percent to 43 percent) nationally. Trump won the presidency by capturing the Electoral College, but Clinton won the popular vote by almost 2.9 million votes, 65,853,625 to 62,985,106 — a margin of 2.1 percent and well within the ABC/Washington Post poll's margin of error of plus or minus 2.5 percentage points. Most of the other final national polls taken before the election showed Clinton with a similar lead.
– ABC/Post poll missed the net margin by less than 2 pts
– 36% is not "almost 40%"
– it's the worst approval at this time in seven decades https://t.co/7RDV8IBHV6 — Ryan Struyk (@ryanstruyk) July 16, 2017
The poll released Sunday shows Trump's slump has been driven by several factors: his stalled agenda, particularly when it comes to health care; his temperament, particularly on the global stage; and his inability to contain the fallout over the ongoing investigations into his campaign's ties to Russia, led by the latest firestorm surrounding of his son's pre-election meeting with a Kremlin-connected lawyer.
According to the survey, just 38 percent of respondents say Trump is making “significant progress” toward his goals; 55 percent say he is not.
Two in 3 Americans (66 percent) say they do not trust Trump to negotiate with world leaders, including Russian President Vladimir Putin, on the country's behalf.
And just 27 percent say U.S. leadership on the world's stage has gotten stronger while 48 percent say it has grown weaker under Trump.
The poll was conducted July 10 through July 13 amid revelations that Donald Trump Jr. took a meeting at Trump Tower with Natalia Veselnitskaya, a lawyer with alleged ties to the Kremlin and its spy agency — revelations that sparked yet another firestorm for the Trump administration. Campaign chief Paul Manafort and Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and a top White House adviser, also attended the June 9, 2016, meeting.
During a press conference in Paris on Thursday, Trump insisted that “most people would have taken that meeting.”
But according to the ABC/Washington Post poll, 63 percent of respondents said it was inappropriate for them to have done so.
Read more from Yahoo News:
China Glaze is being really thoughtgull this winter and presents new intriguing tones, “Tranzitions” for Holiday 2012!
Two Toned Manicure by China Glaze
If you are a fan of french manicure, this is going to be your favorite! The Tranzitions presents amazing possibilities for those who like to experiment with your nails, because these are “designed to intensify their pigmentation once a top coat is applied over the color.” So actually you get the two tones in one bottle! Of course as any China Glaze nail polish, this collection is chemicals such as DBP, Toluene and Formaldehyde and they will be available in this December. The whole collection:
Metallic Metamorphosis – gray metallic without top coat/ blue gray with top coat
Duplicity – soft sea foam green without top coat/ deep mint green with top coat
Split Perso-nail-ity – dusty pink without top coat/ deep dusty pink with top coat
Modify Me – periwinkle without top coat/ indigo with top coat
Altered Reality – turquoise without top coat/ chrome turquoise water with top coat
Shape Shifter – violet gun metal without top coat/ deep blue purple with top coat
Leave a Reply
Share
The climax is building as the January 24 senate debate for SOPA nears. The reddit community earlier this week organized a protest blackout happening next Wednesday, and now more websites are jumping on the Anti-SOPA blackout bandwagon. So far, the wagon has picked up Mojang, as well as Destructoid, Anonymous the Cheezburger Network and a couple others, with Wikipedia still debating whether to join.
Minecraft creator @notch confirmed in a tweet earlier today that the Mojang and Minecraft websites will go dark on January 18 in solidarity against SOPA. The AnonymousIRC account also tweeted there would no activity from the Twitter account on the blackout date, though its not clear if Anonymous will be taking more extreme action in protest. The Destructoid video game blog confirmed a blackout as well
Some more websites to jump on the blackout, which confirmed via company blogs, include the Major League Gaming network, Good Old Games (GOG.com) and Tucows. Also on board with the blackout is Cheezburger, Inc. CEO Ben Huh, who previously mobilized the Cheezburger network to boycott GoDaddy. Ben Huh tweeted that all Cheezburger sites will go dark, and he then drew attention to Wikipedia's indecision.
Geekosystem states that a main argument connected to the reddit blackout is the lack of big players such as Google, Twitter or Facebook. The current roster of blackout websites cater to niche groups. However, Wikipedia has mulled a blackout in the past, and on Thursday in a discussion threat, Jimmy Wales put the decision on the Wikipedia community:
“I'm all in favor of it, and I think it would be great if we could act quickly to coordinate with Reddit…I think that matching what Reddit does (but in our own way of course) per the emerging consensus on how to do it, is a good idea. But that means we need to move forward quickly on a concrete proposal and vote – we don't have the luxury of time that we usually have, in terms of negotiating with each other for weeks about what's exactly the best possible thing to do. As I understand it, the Foundation is talking to people about how we can geolocate and guide people to their Congressperson, etc. Geoff will know about that. Our task is to decide to do it with a thumbs up / thumbs down vote.”
If Wikipedia falls in with reddit perhaps some of the other big players will follow, but time is running out.
Via Reddit list of confirmed websites for blackout
lansing abortion clinic.JPG
The WomanCare abortion clinic at 1601 E. Grand River in Lansing.
(Emily Lawler | MLive.com)
LANSING, MI -- A Catholic church will soon "take over" the space currently being rented by the last free-standing abortion clinic in Lansing, the Lansing Diocese announced this week.
Bishop Earl Boyea authorized the Church of the Resurrection, located at 1531 East Michigan Avenue, to lease the 4,100-square-foot office space at 1601 E. Grand River.
The church and the building's owner have reached an agreement that the Diocese said in a press release would “ultimately put an end to business for WomanCare clinic by Oct. 1, 2014.”
A representative from WomanCare was unavailable for comment on this story. According to the Lansing Diocese, the clinic has been given two months' notice to vacate the premises.
The Diocese has identified WomanCare as the last free-standing surgical abortion clinic in Lansing. Another area clinic was shut down several years ago, and the Planned Parenthood Lansing Health Center offers abortion referral but not the procedure itself.
Planned Parenthood Mid and South Michigan President and CEO Lori Lamerand said WomanCare was on the abortion referral list the Lansing Health Center gives to patients.
“We think it's always a problem. When you reduce access women end up in very difficult situations,” Lamerand said.
In 2012, the legislature passed HB 5711, which placed additional regulations on abortion clinics that Lamerand said have proven costly to implement.
“I think that we will start seeing tragedies as a result of limited access, and I think this is the first of what will likely be many closures,” Lamerand said.
The nearest surgical abortion clinics if WomanCare went out of business would be in Flint, Ann Arbor or Grand Rapids. Planned Parenthood operates health care centers that provide abortion services in Flint and Ann Arbor.
Father Steve Mattson, pastor of the Church of the Resurrection, came up with the plan to take over the space.
“Our parish needs temporary space, because we are converting our rectory and current parish offices into a convent to make room for the incoming Dominican Sisters of Mary, Mother of the Eucharist, who will be serving at Resurrection School and Lansing Catholic High School this fall," he said.
At this new location, overlooking the Groesbeck Golf Course, the offices will allow us to both meet the needs of our parishioners and to affirm our comprehensive pro-life commitment to men and women in the greatest need.
We desire for our parish, including our presence at this new site, to be a place of hope and healing for all who have been wounded by the effects of sin in our world.”
The office space will also serve as a hub for pro-life ministry for the newly-created New Life Formation Center.
“We desire to provide real help for individuals and families, and want to help educate our community on the dignity of human life from conception to natural death,” Mattson said.
Emily Lawler is a Capital/Lansing business reporter for MLive. You can reach her at elawler@mlive.com, subscribe to her on Facebook or follow her on Twitter: @emilyjanelawler.
Michael Choate sits in his vehicle Thursday, Feb. 21, 2013, in West Jordan, Utah. Choate, a now-retired aircraft logistics specialist at Hill Air Force Base, said he nearly lost his security clearance and job. Steed stopped him because he was wearing a Halloween costume and booked him even though three breathalyzers tests showed no alcohol in his system. Choate said he spent $3,800 and had to take four days off of work to get his DUI charged dismissed. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer)
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — During her 10 years as a Utah state trooper, Lisa Steed built a reputation as an officer with a knack for nabbing drunken motorists in a state with a long tradition of tee totaling and some of the nation's strictest liquor laws.
Steed used the uncanny talent — as one supervisor once described it — to garner hundreds of arrests, setting records, earning praise as a rising star and becoming the first woman to become trooper of the year.
Today, however, Steed is out of work, fired from the Utah Highway Patrol, and she — and her former superiors — are facing a lawsuit in which some of those she arrested allege she filed bogus DUI reports.
"If we don't stand up to Lisa Steed or law enforcement, they just pull people over for whatever reason they want," said attorney Michael Studebaker.
Steed declined to comment, but her attorney Greg Skordas said she denies the allegations. She is trying to get her job back.
The people snared by Steed say the arrests disrupted their lives and were costly to resolve.
Michael Choate, a now-retired aircraft logistics specialist at Hill Air Force Base, said he nearly lost his security clearance and job.
Steed stopped him because he was wearing a Halloween costume and booked him even though three breathalyzers tests showed no alcohol in his system. Choate said he spent $3,800 and had to take four days off of work to get his DUI charged dismissed.
The 49-page lawsuit includes two defendants, but Studebaker said dozens of others are lined up and willing to tell their stories. He said they are requesting the lawsuit be broadened into a class action lawsuit.
Every one of her DUI stops back to at least 2006 should be under suspicion, he said, adding that could be as many as 1,500 people.
The lawsuit, filed in December, also accuses the Utah Highway Patrol of ignoring Steed's patterns of higher-than-normal DUI bookings and waited too long to take her off patrol. The agency declined to comment.
Steed joined the agency in 2002, and during her first five years, she earned a reputation as a hard-worker whose efficiency led to high arrest totals. By the time she ascended to trooper of the year in 2007, she was held up as one of the agency's top stars.
In 2009, Steed became a member of the DUI squad. Her 400 DUI arrests that year were thought to be a state record, and more than double the number made by any other highway trooper. She earned special recognition at the state Capitol.
"With her training and experience, it's second nature for her to find these people who are driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol," her DUI squad boss at the time, Lt. Steve Winward, told the Deseret News.
During a ride-along with the newspaper, Steed said it was simply a "numbers game," noting that one in every 10 drivers stopped for a violation is driving impaired. "It's a lot of hard work, but you make a ton of stops, and you're going to run into them," she said.
Steed's career, however, turned. In 2012, while on the stand in a DUI court case, Steed acknowledged purposely leaving her microphone in her patrol car so that superiors wouldn't know she was violating agency policy.
By April 2012, her credibility had come into question so much that a prosecutor said he would no longer prosecute DUIs if Steed's testimony was the only evidence.
In October, the Salt Lake Tribune obtained a memo written in May 2010 in which Utah Highway Patrol Sgt. Rob Nixon flagged Steed's "pattern" of questionable DUI arrests. He wrote that the bulk of Steed's arrestees had no signs of "impairing drugs" in their systems.
The memo said she based most of her arrests on signs of impairment such as dilated pupils and leg and body tremors.
Steed was taken off road patrol in April 2012 and fired in November. She was accused of violating department policies, falsifying police reports and using questionable practices when making DUI arrests.
The lawsuit is based on two defendants: Thomas Romero and Julie Tapia.
Romero was stopped after Steed said he was swerving, according to the lawsuit. After Romero said he wasn't drinking, Steed gave him a roadside sobriety test anyway. She booked him for DUI even though his blood alcohol content was 0.00. Charges were dismissed.
Tapia went to pick up her ex-husband, who had been drinking. Steed approached Tapia as she got out of her car at her house, saying Tapia had been speeding, the lawsuit said. Steed said she could smell alcohol, and Tapia told her it was coming from her ex-husband.
Tapia was arrested for a DUI; her ex-husband for public intoxication. Tapia's blood test showed no alcohol. Charges were dropped.
Choate, who hopes to join the lawsuit, said the entire agency should be held responsible for the damage Steed caused to him and others. "They let her get away with it for a long time," he said.
___
Follow Brady McCombs at https://twitter.com/BradyMcCombs
When a 20-some thing Steve Gupta left Patiala armed with a postgraduate degree in mathematics in early 1970, he was not moving to any definite plan."I just wanted to see the world. I went to the UK, stayed there for two months and then proceeded to Canada. Some people discouraged me, but I applied for immigration in Toronto, and got it in 20 days. That's how I decided to stay in Canada. Subsequently, I returned to India to get married, and we started our life here in 1973," says the soft-spoken Gupta who today runs Canada's biggest private hotel chain called the Easton's Group of Hotels and his real estate company."When I was young, I used to dream about owning fivestar hotels one day. God has been kind. We have worked very hard to build this group from scratch," says Gupta, whose group runs 29 flagship hotels under the brands of Hilton, Marriott, Holiday Inn and Starwood across Canada.As a new immigrant, Gupta started his life in Canada as an insurance agent. "I was good at math and I was good in English. So I started selling insurance by knocking on doors in Toronto. However, I always wanted to be in real estate," recalls Gupta.But by 1978 when he had saved some money, a real estate opportunity presented itself and Gupta bought a truck stop and gas bar in Port Hope, about 100km northeast of Toronto.It was a $3 million deal and Gupta had just $15,000 in cash. "But I threw everything into the truck stop to make it a success." Then he started buying properties, renovating and then selling them. Then he shifted focus to apartment properties and eventually went on to own thousands of apartment units in Toronto.Gupta's break into the hotel business came in 1997 when he bought an old police building in the heart of Toronto and built it into a hotel. Today it is the famous Hilton Garden Inn Downtown. His hotel group has grown exponentially since then."Three of my four children have MBA degrees, and are part of the family business now. My eldest daughter Reetu Gupta, who is the chief operating officer, has just been named among Canada's Top 40 under 40," says Gupta who has been conferred a doctorate by Toronto's Ryerson University."My son Suraj, an MBA from Columbia University, wants to do something different like build life-style hotels. My wife looks after finance," says Gupta.Apart from the hotel business, his family-run real estate business, The Gupta Group, has also become top developers in Canada. "We are building a 52-storey building in Toronto.And we are also building two tallest condo buildings in Vaughan (just north of Toronto)," says Gupta.The sky is the limit for this Patiala man, who today employs more than 2,000 people.
Judicial Watch: Obama Family Vacations, Campaigning Cost Taxpayers New Total Over $114 Million
Conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch obtained new Obama travel records from the Secret Service after filing a FOIA lawsuit in May of 2017.
The new total for Obama family vacations and campaigning cost taxpayers a new total of $114,691,322.17.
Via Judicial Watch:
A pair of Obama family vacations the weekend of February 14, 2014, cost the Secret Service $272,192.91: Michelle Obama's annual trip to Aspen with her daughters – where she shut down the airport for an hour – cost $6,970 in air/rail, $5,614.99 in car rentals and $76,078.30 in hotels for a total of $88,663.29
President Obama's annual golfing trip to Palm Springs included a meeting with Jordan's King Abdullah II and cost $10,951 in air/rail, $10,166.79 in car rentals and $162,411.80 in hotels for a total of $183,529.62 Michelle Obama made two North Carolina trips in 2016 to campaign for Hillary Clinton. Air Force expenses total $40,902.40. In both trips, she took a C-40C military jet operating at $5,312 per hour. Michelle Obama flew to Charlottesville then to Raleigh on October 4 for 2.1 hours at a total of $11,155.20
Michelle Obama flew roundtrip to Belville and then Salem on October 26 and 27 for a total of 5.6 hours at $29,747.20. Air Force and Secret Service records show President Obama's annual trips to Chicago cost $7,444,780.78 During fiscal year 2015, Obama flew 9 hours at an operating cost of $206,337 per hour for a total of $1,857,033
During fiscal year 2016, Obama flew 5 hours at an operating cost of $180,118 per hour for a total of $900,590
During fiscal year 2017, Obama flew 6.2 hours at an operating cost of $142,380 per hour for a total of $882,756
Secret Service records show a total of $3,804,401.78 in costs between 2011 and 2016 for the Chicago trips. The Secret Service spent $3,372,399.07 in hotels, $423,428.28 in car rentals and $8,574.50 in miscellaneous expenses. Secret Service showed expenses for Obama's post-presidency travels of $1,913,702.21 including: $936,742.56 in hotels; $159,393.40 in air/rail; $2,684.11 in car rentals; $819.70 in overtime; and $814,062.44 in miscellaneous expenses. The destinations of these trips were withheld under “privacy” and “law enforcement” exemptions.
President of Judicial Watch Tom Fitton had this to say about the Obamas' extravagant lifestyle at the taxpayers expense:
“It shouldn't require federal lawsuits to to prod the Secret Service and Air Force to produce information about the costs of presidential travel – whether the travel is necessary or not, it's a massive amount of money. We will continue to monitor this spending while taxpayers continue to pay the bills for presidential travel.”
Michelle Obama lived high on the hog off the backs of the same Americans she despises. The Obamas were foisted onto the American people and lived like royalty while spitting us.
Now they enjoy a posh, post-White House lifestyle selling books while Barack Hussein Obama rakes in over-the-top Wall Street speaking fees.
Didn't Hussein Obama say “at some point you've made enough money?” He only meant that for the commoners; he's allowed to make as much money as he wishes.
To be fair, Judicial Watch is also monitoring President Trump's travel. Every conservative can get behind tightening the White House's budget.
Casting calls were held Thursday at Churchill Downs for extras in Walt Disney Picture's "Secretariat" for filming scheduled to begin in late September and last for two weeks, according to Business First of Louisville.
And there is a second round of auditions 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday at the Griffin Gate Marriott Resort (1800 Newton Pike) in Lexington.
But if you auditioned and get a part, don't take it.
And if you are planning on driving east to Lexington for tomorrow's casting call, don't go.
A few years ago I was an extra in "National Treasure: Book of Secrets," also by Walt Disney Pictures. I expected it to be miserable, but figured it'd make for good fodder. I underestimated just how miserable being an extra is though: it was the worst movie experience I've had since watching "Weekend at Bernie's."
Glamour at the costume fitting
The costume fitting took place a few weeks before the shoot. My prole, a photographer at the president's birthday party, required a tuxedo.
Between being in wedding parties and going to proms, it probably was the 10th time I'd been to a tuxedo rental shop. And with a four-hour wait, it was my longest such experience.
I made about $15 and there was nothing glamorous about my afternoon, save having a little old Turkish man tug on my trousers.
Wanting to shoot myself at the shoot
The shoot itself was about as interesting as a second-grade class photo shoot, only longer and colder. After getting corralled onto a bus and driven to Mount Vernon, I
stood around
sat around
walked around in the background, way off camera for a few seconds
(Parts 1 and 2 featured more prominently in my 13-hour late afternoon, evening, and early morning than did part 3.)
My celeb sightings:
Ed Harris walked by me and there was a little controversy over whether or not he grabbed my cakes. I say he did; he, if you asked him, would most likely wonder what the heck you were talking about. Sen. John Kerry chatted with the director. Nicholas Cage stormed to and from his scenes. A fellow extra had really gone out of her way to look like Sarah Jessica Parker.
I didn't bother going back for day two of the shoot. I figured I'd had my film experience and the possibility of brief screen time and getting my $75 check didn't merit another sleepless cold night in rented clothes.
One reason to audition: The other extras will boost your self-esteem
The vibe at the shoot was less Hollywood glamour and more Baltimore desperation. There's a permanent nomadic underclass of extras that travel the East Coast in the hopes of a second of screen time.
Some of these grunts were staying in hotels, spending more on their budget accommodation than Disney was paying them. Others were blowing their meager check on gas.
One particularly desperate woman planned to drive back to New Jersey after the first day of the shoot to check on a friend's cat, and then drive right back for the second day.
A typical conversation between these types:
"Didn't I meet you at 'John Adams?'"
"Yes!"
"Did you make it on screen?"
"No, my scene got cut. How about you?"
"Yes! You can see the top of my head in one of the overhead shots."
"Fantastic! That'll be great on your resume."
And then there were the extras who were members of the actor's guild: at some point in their lives, these folks had a line in a movie, which entitles them to better pay, a separate food tent, an air of accomplishment and looks of envy from the desperate masses.
For more information: Here's another activity you should avoid: reading Velocity.
(Photo: Flickr/Sörn)
Sen. Barack Obama (D.-Ill.), campaigning for president on Sept. 21, 2008, in Charlotte, NC.. (AP photo/Chuck Burton)
(CNSNews.com) - As a presidential candidate, Sen. Barack Obama (D.-Ill.) emphatically stated that the Constitution does not give the president the authority to unilaterally authorize a military attack unless it is needed to stop an actual or imminent attack on the United States.
Obama made the assertion in a Dec. 20, 2007 interview with the Boston Globe when reporter Charlie Savage asked him under what circumstances the president would have the constitutional authority to bomb Iran without first seeking authorization from Congress.
“The President does not have power under the Constitution to unilaterally authorize a military attack in a situation that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation,” Obama responded.
“As Commander-in-Chief, the President does have a duty to protect and defend the United States,” Obama continued. “In instances of self-defense, the President would be within his constitutional authority to act before advising Congress or seeking its consent. History has shown us time and again, however, that military action is most successful when it is authorized and supported by the Legislative branch.”
Obama did not seek congressional authorization before joining allies, including Great Britain and France, in taking military action against the regime of Libyan dictator Col. Moammar Gadhafi in order to establish a no-fly zone over that country. The action was approved by the United Nations Security Council but not by the U.S. Congress.
In a followup question in its December 2007 interview, the Boston Globe asked Obama if the Constitution gave the president the power to disregard a congressional statute putting some type of limit on the way troops could be deployed. Here, too, Obama deferred to the constitutional authority of Congress.
“No, the President does not have that power,” Obama told the paper. “To date, several Congresses have imposed limitations on the number of US troops deployed in a given situation. As President, I will not assert a constitutional authority to deploy troops in a manner contrary to an express limit imposed by Congress and adopted into law.”
Just what do's F1 stars get up to during the winter?
Although the off-season has seemingly got shorter and shorter over recent years, the 2015-2016 break has a twist this winter with on-track preparations for the new season put back to February 22 at Barcelona.
Even if there is no on-track action, the F1 world rarely stops completely, of course, with work on building next year's cars ongoing right into the New Year. But the drivers at least have a little more time on their hands this winter...
Established as F1's most jet-setting driver, world champion Lewis Hamilton is rarely in one place for too long - and his world travels have continued at a remarkable rate since the chequered flag dropped on the 2015 season in Abu Dhabi two weeks ago.
Flying immediately to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia for a Petronas sponsor event, Hamilton returned to Europe last week for a round of TV and radio interviews in London, before heading across to Paris and the FIA's prizegiving gala. While his no-show at Sunday night's Autosport Awards, where he won two more trophies, provoked debate, Hamilton was already Stateside by then and Washington DC at the Kennedy Center Honors ceremony where legendary filmmaker George Lucas - who presented the Briton with his race-winning trophy in Italy back in September - was among those honoured for his contribution to American culture.
From there, Hamilton travelled the 500km to the Canadian city of Toronto, where he was courtside for a basketball game between the Raptors and Lakers, before flying back down to Los Angeles for appearances on two American talkshows, Jimmy Kimmel Live and James Corden's The Late Late Show, where he showed off his skills on a unicycle.
And he hasn't stopped yet.
Mercedes commitments come calling again this weekend as Hamilton returns to Europe, and Stuttgart, for the world champions' Stars and Cars event. The Race of Champions-style format sees Mercedes-affiliated drivers, and guests, racing against each other in a stadium in a knockout competition. A fan vote has seen Hamilton drawn against two-time world champion Mika Hakkinen in the opening round, with a rematch with Nico Rosberg then one possibility if both drivers progress through the stages.
After the breathless schedule, Hamilton's winter then finally seems set to adopt a more leisurely pace as he heads to his usual winter retreat in Colorado for Christmas.
"I have work until December 17 and then I'll be in the mountains," he said. "Every year l spend in the mountains, in the snow and with a floor-to-ceiling 15-foot Christmas tree with the family. I've got a bunch of friends coming out. We're going skiing for a week and then I've got some other family with me."
If Hamilton is by far F1's most prominent driver away from the track, then Ferrari rival Sebastian Vettel is probably the sport's most reclusive.
After staying on in Abu Dhabi for some laps in the post-race Pirelli tyre test, Vettel appears to have headed straight home to his young family. Speaking before the season finale, the four-time champion outlined his rather simple plans for the winter.
"Maybe it sounds very boring but I think by spending so much time on the road, you're always longing for something you don't have," Vettel told the Daily Mail. "When you're at home or work all year you are longing for a holiday; to go on a plane, to sleep in the hotel, to have a buffet for breakfast, with everything ready.
"I enjoy the opposite; my own bed, making breakfast myself."
Over at Red Bull, and their two drivers are also seeking some rare home comforts.
"Plans for the winter? I'll be back home in Oz for Christmas," said Daniel Ricciardo. "I haven't been back in Perth since January so the plan is to have a bit of downtime.
"I've got an event pretty much straight after I get home then it will be feet up for a while. January, it's back into training and then next year hopefully try and get those wins back."
Russian team-mate Daniil Kvyat, who took time out from simulator duties in Milton Keynes to make his debut on The F1 Show at Sky Studios last week, put it more simply: "I think wherever my friends go I will just try to be a weight on their shoulder."
But while the drivers may not be back on track until the designated wet-weather tyre test in Paul Ricard in late January at the earliest, the work hasn't quite finished for many of them quite yet.
Williams drivers Valtteri Bottas and Felipe Massa have both been at Grove in recent days on the team's simulator, although the latter has also had time to get in the Christmas spirit with his young son Felipinho.
After 10 months on the road, it's certainly home time which is also the key consideration for Haas-bound Romain Grosjean: "Firstly, and most importantly, I'm looking forward to spending as much time as possible with my loved ones.
"Recent events [in Paris] really bring home how important it is to cherish life, your family and your friends. My family is very young so I'm spending some magical time with them, even if I do get more sleep sometimes when I'm on the road! It's important to get as much mental and physical rest as you can when the season is over and for me there's the additional challenge that I'll be working in a very different environment for 2016."
Gillard seizes on Abbott's 'crazy' carbon comment
Updated
Prime Minister Julia Gillard has challenged Tony Abbott to explain why he described his own party's emissions reduction target as "crazy".
The Opposition Leader told a public forum of retirees on the Gold Coast yesterday that the "crazy thing" about the target of 5 per cent below 2000 levels by 2020 was that China would be pumping out far more pollution.
However, both the Government and the Opposition support the 5 per cent target, and Ms Gillard says the Opposition Leader needs to explain why he has done a "backflip" on the reduction target.
"He now appears to be saying ... he doesn't want to be doing anything at all, and he needs to answer for all of that," she told ABC Local Radio in Newcastle.
Ms Gillard used a visit to a coal mine near Newcastle to slam claims by Mr Abbott about the effects of the carbon price.
The Prime Minister told miners there is a lot of "crazy talk" around and there is no need to worry about their jobs.
She blamed the fear of losing jobs on "the very false and misleading claims that Mr Abbott has made".
Mr Abbott has warned the carbon price program will destroy the coal industry, but his prediction has been blunted by a record bid for an Australian coal mining company by mining giant Peabody.
"Clearly a lot of nonsense has been spoken about the future of coal mining as we price carbon," Ms Gillard told journalists outside the mine.
"There's a lot of fear around because people have been told that coal mining won't have a future if we move to price carbon.
"Mr Abbott has been out there saying is no future for coal in this country. He did that wearing a Peabody mining jacket and Peabody, a huge company, since we've announced our plans to price carbon pollution, it is interested in the biggest ever takeover of an Australian coal company, because it knows there is a great future in coal mining.
"Mr Abbott was out telling Australians they would be paying 6.5 cents more for a litre of petrol - completely wrong.
"Then he was out telling Australians we wouldn't be making steel in this country any more. That Whyalla and Port Pirie [in South Australia] would be wiped off the map. Once again, completely wrong."
'Less than $2'
Ms Gillard said when the carbon price is introduced it would add "less than $2" to the cost of a tonne of coal.
"This is against a backdrop where coal prices have doubled from $150 a tonne to $300 a tonne," she said.
"This is an industry where businesses are making profits in the order of $1 million per worker."
Ms Gillard said the coal mine she and Climate Change Minister Greg Combet visited - Centennial coal - is a "gassy" polluting mine, and will be supported by the $1.3 billion coal industry package.
The Government was thrown a lifeline on steel yesterday when the secretary of the powerful Australian Workers Union, Paul Howes, threw his support behind the carbon plan - despite earlier saying he would walk away from it if "one job" was lost.
Ms Gillard also criticised promises by the Greens that coal mining would eventually be phased out and replaced by renewable energy.
"Coal has got a great future in this country," she said.
She said clean energy sources would be developed at the same time coal mining continues.
Topics: climate-change, gillard-julia, abbott-tony, federal-government, mining-industry, emissions-trading, australia
First posted
30 Hours Stuck in a Jump Scare Laboratory. Five Nights at Freddy's Exceeds Expectations and More.
There's a fair bit to be said for Five Nights at Freddy's. It's an exercise in startles. This alone is a gamble: scares without atmosphere is like a skeleton. It's not quite enough to make it work.
Somehow, though, Five Nights at Freddy's puts it all together into a surprisingly effective package.
Five Nights at Freddy's puts you in the shoes of a night watchman. You are given control of the security cameras to monitor the animatronic puppets. The game is essentially an exercise in resource management.
The player has a finite amount of power and each action (closing the door, using the camera) consumes power. Trade increased chance of success for peace of mind. This is a game that achieves quite a lot with this simple interaction.
It's Quick to Pick Up
One of the greatest strengths of the game is that it's easy to pick up and easy to get into. This ease of access is something I praised Daylight for when it was released. A lot of my friends were put off some of the longer, more narrative-driven games by how long they spent trying to cultivate dread. Simple gameplay, like that found in Five Nights at Freddy's, reduces the barriers to entry. In fact, in just half an hour we went from turning onto the PC to sharing the experience and cheering.
Five Nights at Freddy's level of depth is deceptive. On the surface it looks like a pretty light snack. Keep an eye on the animatronics, close the doors, open the doors, survive. As you immerse yourself in the environment, you start to learn a little more. Every night teaches you more and more about each animatronic.
How they behave, where they come from. Making sense of these patterns and adapting your technique. Its compact nature means that strategy and counterplay (although against a computer) are exaggerated. It's really quite a wonderful experience to notice yourself adapting or watching others do the same.
The Scares are Successful
For a game whose entire claim to horror is startling people, I was a bit apprehensive about it. For sure these sorts of things have their place – especially as a pay-off, or punchline, for cultivating an atmosphere of dread.
Essentially Five Nights at Freddy's could be you walking down a corridor and your only action is to look behind you. The fact that it achieves so much with this simple premise is a testament to its design.
In times you know something is going to jump out (e.g. running out of power), the animatronics lose their potency. But it's the in-your-face style that comes out when you click on the wrong camera or you don't realise Bonnie or Chica are in the office. Steeling yourself is always going to prepare you for the game's tactic, but this is true of any horror game.
Ultimately, Five Nights at Freddy's is something you can easily set your friends up with and it will scare the pants off them. As you start to get invested in the game, its true depth and strategy comes out and reaches a level of commitment we see in the longer adventures.
What are your thoughts on the Five Nights at Freddy's series? Let us know in the comments below.
Join Non-Fiction Gaming on Facebook
Former Manchester United midfielder Paul Scholes believes Barcelona would defeat Bayern Munich if they meet in the Champions League, although he says the current Blaugrana side would come up just short to Pep Guardiola's legendary team.
Scholes, who lost two Champions League finals with United against Guardiola's Barça in 2009 and 2011, says Bayern is a stronger team this season to last year.
However, he would back Luis Enrique's team, who thumped rivals Real Madrid 4-0 on Saturday and Roma 6-1 on Tuesday, to see off the German champions should they meet in Europe's elite club competition later this term.
"We're talking about Bayern Munich being the team that are closest to Barça, and Barça destroyed Bayern Munich last year," he told ESPN FC from the BT Sport green room in London, where he was analysing this week's Champions League. "They were much better than them.
"Have Bayern Munich changed anything to get closer? They brought Douglas Costa in, who looks a good player. I don't think they had [Franck] Ribery or [Arjen] Robben last year, Robben's come back. If they do come across each other, it could be interesting. You have to fancy Barcelona."
Scholes added: "Barça and Bayern are, I think, miles ahead of any team. Real Madrid maybe, if on form, but I don't think there's anyone close."
Scholes does, however, feel United's Treble-winning side of 1999 would give the current Barça and Bayern teams a good game.
The Red Devils won the Treble of domestic league, domestic cup and Champions League titles a full decade before Barça and Bayern would repeat the feats in Spain and Germany.
"It's hard now to imagine any team living with Bayern Munich and Barcelona with what they're doing," he said. "We [the 1999 side] would be confident we could handle ourselves in that team.
"You talk about their forward lines, we had some unbelievable forwards. Andy Cole, Dwight Yorke, Teddy Sheringham, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. We had goals everywhere in the team -- Ryan Giggs, David Beckham. We were just probably below that kind of standard but we always felt we could compete with anyone."
The former England international believes Barcelona's front three of Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez are the best attacking trio "you're ever going to see," although he is still just about prefers the Barça side he came up against coached by Guardiola.
"I don't think they're far off [the current side]," he told ESPN FC. "That was a brilliant team we played against but, you have to say, [now] probably the forward players are better. Probably [Luis] Suarez is ahead of [David] Villa. Suarez looks a bit better than him at the minute, and Neymar as well, [but] they've not got Xavi, have they?
"You couldn't get a kick of the ball [in 2009 or 2011]. Possession was sensational. It's all right if you've got possession but you've got to do something with it, and they had the ability with the forwards. Messi, Iniesta could beat players. Xavi and Iniesta could control the game. We just couldn't get a kick of the ball.
"God, Iniesta, Xavi, just impossible to get the ball off. They were just clever, they know what's around them, awareness. And what Iniesta had that Xavi didn't was a little burst of pace and a little bit of skill, and once he's past you he's gone -- a magician. It's different [at the moment]. I just think the front three are as good as you're ever going to see."
Paul Scholes is a big fan of Barcelona's current side.
Scholes says United losing to Jose Mourinho's Porto in the Champions League in 2004 was one of his biggest regrets as a player, along with getting eliminated from the competition by Borussia Dortmund in 1997.
United had been leading Porto 2-2 on aggregate on away goals in the last-16 second-leg match in March 2004, only for Scholes himself to then have a goal wrongly disallowed for offside.
The Portuguese side went on to claim a late winner through Costinha, launching both their surge to that season's Champions League trophy and Mourinho's career.
"We beat them," Scholes said. "We beat them at home, the offside goal, we were through. That was the year, I think we would have had a great chance of winning it. I think we would have beaten Monaco in the final. It was a major regret, yeah, along with getting beat by Borussia Dortmund in the semifinal in 1997 because we were by far the better team.
"Yeah, the Porto game. We didn't play great away from home, got an away goal, but we were much the better team at home. Tim Howard made a little bit of a mistake and we had a goal ruled offside that wasn't."
Scholes, however, also credited the discipline that Mourinho instilled in that side.
"That's why he's the manager he is today," he said. "Porto were a very good team, really good players. And he put that together then, created a miracle really, because you can't see how that can happen again."
Health officials investigate Salmonella outbreak, possibly linked to limu poke Copyright by KHON - All rights reserved Video
The Hawaii Department of Health (HDOH) is investigating 14 cases among children and adults of Salmonella infection on Oahu.
Health officials say all of the cases developed diarrheal illness from mid- to late October. Four of those cases required hospitalization.
A source has not been confirmed, however preliminary investigations found a possible link to poke that contained limu (also called "ogo" or "seaweed"). According to the Department of Health's Sanitation Branch, the tainted product may have come from a farm in Kahuku called Olakai.
"If you have purchased any limu from anybody in its raw form or out of some kind of poke product that has it, it's best not to eat it and get rid of it," said Peter Oshiro, environmental health program manager, Food Safety Program, Sanitation Branch, Hawaii State Department of Health.
"We found that interesting -- it all seemed to be sourced from one farm, so we started to investigate that further and collected some samples, and some of the samples have actually come back positive for Salmonella species," said state epidemiologist Dr. Sarah Park.
The farm was ordered by the department to halt operations and advise its customers to remove product from sale immediately.
Owner Wenhao Sun tells us cleaning began as soon as he found out the test came back positive. Samples will be retested once the facility is cleaned.
"We are cleaning out the water pipe in the water tank," he said. "We don't know exactly the result, actually we don't know the source, so it's still under the pending of the source, but just the regular sanitation."
Olakai is still allowed to sell sea asparagus, which is housed in a separate facility.
Salmonella is a group of bacteria that can cause illness in humans who come in contact with affected animals or their waste, either by direct contact or by contaminated food or water.
An alert has been issued to local physicians to be on the lookout for additional cases.
Common symptoms of Salmonella infection are diarrhea (which may be bloody), abdominal pain, and fever. Nausea and vomiting can also occur.
Symptoms typically begin within 12 to 72 hours after exposure to the bacteria. Persons who are experiencing these symptoms should seek medical care. Infants and the elderly, as well as persons with underlying health conditions or weakened immune systems, are vulnerable to more serious illness and even death.
As with many other foodborne illnesses, Salmonella infection can be prevented by thoroughly cooking food to an internal temperature of 165 degrees. Washing hands, kitchen work surfaces, and utensils with soap and water immediately after they have been in contact with raw food is also an effective preventive measure.
There is no vaccine to prevent Salmonellosis.
Click here for more information on Salmonella.
(hersheybears.com) — Casey Wellman tallied a hat trick and added an assist, Chris Brown scored twice and the Hershey Bears went on to a 10-4 rout of the Worcester Sharks on Friday night at Giant Center to win their Eastern Conference quarterfinal series, three games to one.
The Bears, seeded second in the Eastern Conference, will meet either Hartford or Portland in the next round.
Coached to come out with a strong start, the Bears jumped all over the Sharks in the opening period, striking for three goals on the game's first four shots. On the very first shift, Kris Newbury knocked down a Sharks defenseman and was later himself taken out of the play, which left Dustin Gazley and Brown alone to come in on goaltender Troy Grosenick. Gazley made a short pass across the top of the crease and Brown tapped it in just 24 seconds from the opening face-off.
Gazley then intercepted a Chris Tierney pass, broke in alone from the blue line and beat Grosenick with a snap shot for a shorthanded goal at 3:44.
Jakub Vrana would end Grosenick's night at 10:40 on a highlight-reel goal that marked his first in the AHL. Skating down the right wing, the left-handed shot fired through a screen and across his body, and the puck caromed in off of the left post for a 3-0 Bears advantage.
Aaron Dell came on in relief of Grosenick, and just over two minutes later, Worcester would get on the board. With a crowd of players in and around Philipp Grubauer's crease, the netminder could not cover a shot from in close. Ryan Carpenter dug it loose, skated behind the net and fed a pass in front for Dylan DeMelo, who chipped it home at 12:17.
Nate Schmidt aimed a pass toward Wellman on a two-man advantage, and Wellman redirected it home at 16:10 for his first of the night and a 4-1 Hershey lead.
The Sharks earned their second power play of the night early in the middle frame, and made it count when Karl Stollery's shot from the left point sailed through traffic and beat Grubauer at 4:07.
The Bears countered at the 9:05 mark, as Cameron Schilling -– who joined in on an odd-man line rush –- collected a feed from Chris Conner and snapped the puck past Dell for a 5-2 lead.
Late in the period, the Sharks were flagged for their second major penalty of the series when Evan Trupp caught Stanislav Galiev with a slash up high. On a four-on-one rush, Connor Carrick fed Tim Kennedy for a shot that beat Dell from the right circle and gave Hershey a 6-2 advantage.
Hershey added two more goals on the major penalty early in the third to put the game far out of reach. With Grosenick back in goal, Wellman's second of the night was a deflection past him off of a Vrana feed just 19 seconds into the frame. Liam O'Brien then fired a shot from the slot past Grosenick at 1:28, and Wellman completed the hat trick after chipping a shot short-side at 2:09.
Brown scored his second of the game for the Bears' 10th goal of the night, deflecting a Carrick shot home at 8:06. Hershey became the first AHL team in more than 17 years to hit double digits in a Calder Cup Playoff game, since the Bears' own 10-3 win over the Kentucky Thoroughblades on Apr. 22, 1998.
Worcester's Rylan Schwartz and Matt Taormina scored the last two goals of the game on Pheonix Copley, who replaced Grubauer at the start of the third.
Grubauer (1-0) made 19 saves on 21 shots over two periods to become just the fifth goaltender ever to win playoff games in the AHL and the NHL in the same postseason. Copley stopped 11 of 13 shots in the third.
Dell (0-3) took the loss, allowing six goals on 32 shots in 31:29 of work. Grosenick finished with 12 saves on 16 shots.
Eastern Conference Quarterfinals – Series “B” (best-of-5)
2-Hershey Bears vs. 7-Worcester Sharks
Game 1 – Fri., Apr. 24 – Hershey 4, WORCESTER 1
Game 2 – Sat., Apr. 25 – Hershey 3, WORCESTER 1
Game 3 – Wed., Apr. 29 – Worcester 4, HERSHEY 1
Game 4 – Fri., May 1 – HERSHEY 10, Worcester 4
UPDATE: 3:00 PST/ 6:00 EST: Report is now Abu Izzadeen is still in prison.
The source I trusted, but ultimately I made a mistake. This time I got it wrong. Abu Izzadeen is in prison. — simon israel (@simonisrael) March 22, 2017
UPDATE 12:30 PST/3:30 EST: Terrorist being reported as Abu Izzadeen, a notorious Islamic extremist who called for violence against police, and railed against Islamophobia. STILL ALLEGED. Because other people are saying Izzadeen is in prison…
Here's suspect Abu Izzadeen airing various grievances a few years ago. pic.twitter.com/386M31iXIc — Eylon A. Levy (@EylonALevy) March 22, 2017
This morning an attack took place outside of Parliament in London, England. I'm sure you have a few guesses as to who's responsible. But before social justice diaper wads start lobbing accusations of “ISLAMOPHOBIA!” let's take a look at the facts first.
As this is a breaking story, details are still developing. We'll update this post as we learn more, but here's what we know so far…
Here's a photo of a man believed to be the attacker…
Yes, he's described as “Asian,” and we're still waiting for more facts to roll in before hopping to conclusions. But a quick glance at the photo above shows someone who looks rather not-Amish. Also not “Icelandic.” Some people on Twitter, citing zero sources, have said UK chaps refer to Middle Eastern peeps as “Asian.” Whatever, the man pictured above doesn't look like the American definition of “Asian” to me. But the UK and the USA are nations separated by the same language, so who can tell. Allegedly. These people do, after all, refer to cigarettes as “fags” and flashlights as “torches.” We can't forget the much-ballyhooed reference to restrooms as “loos,” either. So sure, maybe they do refer to people from Middle Eastern countries as “Asian.” Or maybe, just maybe, they don't. And media is trying to cover their bum bums. What with media, regardless of country, being narrative-pushing charlatans. Allegedly.
Given the truckload of terrorist attacks we've witnessed the past year that have been carried out by Muslims not-Methodists, the signs aren't pointing towards a Buddhist extremist. Regardless of which, brace yourself for the impending crapstorm of #NotAll Muslims … I mean #NotAllEvangelicals. Allegedly.
NOT SUBSCRIBED TO THE PODCAST? FIX THAT! IT'S COMPLETELY FREE ON BOTH ITUNES HERE AND SOUNDCLOUD HERE.
NEW DELHI: Not only did the Nehru government snoop on Netaji Subhas Bose but also shared confidential information with British intelligence agency MI5. Recently, declassified documents reveal India's Intelligence Bureau shared with MI5 a letter between close Netaji aide AC Nambiar and nephew Amiya Nath Bose acquired through “secret censorship" and even sought more information on the subject.The MI5 documents have become public at a time when Indian secret documents reveal that the late PM Jawarharlal Nehru had authorized surveillance on freedom fighter Netaji Bose's family including nephews Amiya Bose and Sisir Kumar Bose.In a letter written on October 6, 1947, IB official SB Shetty sought “comments" of MI5 security liaison officer KM Bourne posted in Delhi referencing a letter written by Nambiar to Amiya Bose on August 19, 1947. “The attached is a letter dated the 19.8.47 from AC Nambiar, Limmatquai 80, Zurich, Switzerland to Amiya Nath Bose, 1 Woodburn Park, P O, Elgin Road, Calcutta. The letter was seen during secret censorship and was passed on. We should be grateful for your comments on the letter," the note said.In response, Bourne forwarded Nambiar's letter enclosing his request for further information to MI5 director general the next day itself. Dated October 7, 1947, Bourne's letter says, “Any comments you may make on this letter will be appreciated." The letter could be about Bose's wife and daughter though the context is unclear.Two letters, written just months after India's independence, are part of 2000 pages of MI5 declassified documents that were made public last year. The documents were accessed by author Anuj Dhar who has spent 15 years researching Bose.They raise serious questions about the confidentiality of Indian intelligence documents and the security establishment's doubts over Bose and his links with the Axis powers —Germany and Japan. Both nephews Amiya and Sisir, sons of Sarat Chandra Bose were on surveillance, according to the documents.Only 10,000 of the 70,000 pages of the voluminous records were made public three months earlier.
Aging out is American popular culture vernacular used to describe anytime a youth leaves a formal system of care designed to provide services below a certain age level.
There are a variety of applications of the phrase throughout the youth development field.[1] In respect to foster care, aging out is the process of a youth transitioning from the formal control of the foster care system towards independent living. It is used to describe anytime a foster youth leaves the varying factors of foster care, including home, school and financial systems.[2] The United States Citizenship and Immigration Services defines an "aging out" case as, "a situation referring to a person's petition to become a permanent legal resident as a child, and in the time that passes during the processing of the application, the child turns 18 and ages out.[3]
Usage [ edit ]
Often used to highlight the problems traditional foster care approaches face, aging out affects foster youth in a variety of ways. An estimated 30,000 adolescents age out of the foster care system each year in the United States.[4]
Aging Out is also used in reference to Drum Corps International's rules which state that drum corps' members above the age of 18-to-21 are denied the ability to compete in World Class.
Statistics [ edit ]
The Child Welfare League of America reports that as many as 36% of foster youth who have aged out of the system become homeless, 56% become unemployed, and 27% of male former foster youth become jailed.[5] The San Francisco Chronicle reports that less than half of emancipated youth who have aged out graduate from high school, compared to 85% of all 18- to 24-year-olds; fewer than 1 in 8 graduate from a four-year college; two-thirds had not maintained employment for a year; fewer than 1 in 5 was completely self-supporting; more than a quarter of the males spent time in jail; and 4 of 10 had become parents as a result of an unplanned pregnancy.[6]
Responses [ edit ]
In 1970, Title X of the Public Health Service Act started providing for the federal family planning program, designed to provide resources for health services and counseling to low-income or uninsured individuals who may otherwise lack access to health care, including young people aging out of foster care. The United States Department of Housing and Urban Development's Family Unification Program, or FUP, provides Housing Choice Vouchers to young people aging out of the foster care system.
The Administration for Children's Services, or ACS, and the federal Office of Housing Policy and Development, in cooperation with the New York City Housing Authority, has a Section 8 Priority Code for young people aging out of the foster care system.[5]
In 1999, President Clinton signed the Foster Care Independence Act, which doubled federal funding for independent living programs and provides funding for drug abuse prevention and health insurance for former foster care youth until age 21.[7]
Now programs and laws such as the CFCIP—the Chafee Foster Care Independence Program—are starting to make headway into ways to compensate foster children who have become adults. $140 million is to be funded for this program including states matching 20%.[8]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Those tasty meals that nice people on bikes deliver to you are about to face a wee little (read: actually pretty damned big) test of law.
Foodora and Deliveroo‘s operations in Australia are about to come under scrutiny from a legal test case that will examine whether or not the way both food delivery companies pay their delivery riders is in breach of the Fair Work Act.
Fairfax reports that Maurice Blackburn lawyers are preparing to launch a case against the “disruptor” companies, alleging that riders are vastly underpaid (as little as $10 an hour) due to the way both companies classify them.
We knew already that the pay conditions for riders weren't exactly shithot – riders wages vary depending on “experience” and which company they work for, and are largely dependent on how many deliveries a rider can make. But what's interesting here is that the case is looking into the status of the riders as “independent contractors,” which is how they're currently classified.
Riders, in order to work for the companies, need to have their own ABNs and technically operate as their own bosses. However the Australian Business Registrar has cancelled some riders ABNs due to the nature of their work seemingly being more in line with an actual employee of a specific company, rather than being a sole independent operator.
And that's at the crux of this new test case: Whether or not the work and conditions Foodora and Deliveroo make their riders undertake is still loose enough for people to be considered independent contractors, or whether it means they should be actual employees of the company. If the looming test case finds its the latter, then Foodora and Deliveroo would be libel to pay riders according to the award wage, as well as allow for penalty rates and benefits, which are currently not afforded to riders.
Central to the argument is rider testimony that the companies insist on riders wearing uniforms to represent the brand, are given regular repeated shifts, demand riders wait in designated holding areas (often a public park or square) between deliveries, and are indistinguishable from what an employed rider of the company might look like.
If successful, riders would be entitled to hourly pay-rates of around $23 an hour with penalty rates on weekends, as well as superannuation payments, WorkCover insurance, and leave entitlements.
Outwardly, however, both companies are sticking to their guns.
Deliveroo issued a short statement trumpeting the flexibility in the work they offer to riders.
“Riders are attracted to working with us because we offer incredibly flexible work. Typically, this appeals because they do these hours alongside study or another job. As a result, we offer a variety of payment models – all designed to enhance the flexibility.”
Meanwhile Foodora stated that riders can earn as much as $30 an hour “on a busy night.“
The food delivery war is a harsh business, y'all.
Source: Sydney Morning Herald.
Photo: Bernard Weil/Getty.
A mother-of-five from Florida has revealed an addiction to eating sofas.
Adele Edwards, 30, is believed to suffer from pica, a condition where patients feel compelled to eat largely non-nutritive substances, The Sun reports.
Edwards said: "I was 10 years old when I was first introduced to cushion. At first, I thought it was strange but, after sucking it for a while, I came to like the texture.
"I started chewing cushion regularly and would swallow whole chunks as though it was candy floss. It sounds strange but, to me, foam tasted like sweets."
She added to Discovery Home & Health show My Strange Addiction: "I'm scared. I've never eaten cushion in front of my kids - I don't want them to copy me.
"They don't know what I'm doing to my body but I'm terrified that one day they'll have to tell people, 'Mummy died from eating too many sofas.'"
Edwards, who has consumed an estimated eight sofas and five chairs, also eats elastic bands, other rubber items and recently required an emergency procedure to remove foam from her intestines.
Last year, E! ordered a new documentary series titled What's Eating You?, which explored unusual eating disorders, including "a woman who eats a roll of toilet paper dipped in pickle juice every night before bed".
> Chinese man addicted to eating snakes
Photo: Facebook / First Baptist Church of Christ
After what was described by pastors and deacons of First Baptist Church of Christ in Macon, Georgia as an “exhausting journey,” members of the congregation can now participate in same-sex marriage.
Founded in 1826, one of the longest-running congregations in the city has decided to go against the conservative Southern Baptist Convention (SBC) and extend their policies to include gay marriage.
The SBC has strict guidelines when it comes to same-sex relationships in the church. Members are prohibited from practicing or celebrating any form of gay marriage.
On August 27, a “secret ballot” that consisted of 230 members voted at the Macon church and more than 70 percent voted to accept same-sex marriage.
However, as Pastor Scott Dickison points out, the road to get to where they are been not an easy one.
“We had talked about this subject in hushed tones for so long that it was difficult to make the discussion formal,” the pastor told the Washington Post. “We reminded ourselves why we listen to Scripture in the first place: not to be a battleground, but to bring us together.”
Despite members leaving the church preceding the congregation's actions, the pastor stands by their decision and thinks the vote shines light on who they are as a community.
“We've learned about each other and who we are as a congregation; what binds us together, as well as the differences among us,” the pastor wrote in a blog post. “Of course, all of this came to a head on Sunday with our vote. It has been a remarkable journey, and one that has left us with some tenderness. But I'm proud of where we've come together.”
Could rapid innovation in the fintech space lead to the end of banks as we know them? A recent report from Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) titled Digital Banking Manifesto: The End of Banks explores these possibilities.
Innovation has resulted in revolutionary changes and new leaders emerging in multiple industries including retail (Amazon), travel (Expedia), communications (Skype, Whatsapp), and so on.
However, the banking industry has been less affected, with centuries-old banks still remaining market leaders. While there have been some changes in the ways they function, with ATMs, mobile banking and internet banking being implemented, their fundamental business model has not changed.
Entrenched players
The most important asset of a bank is its licence to operate. This high regulatory barrier has traditionally prevented a rapid increase in competition.
So in spite of poor service levels and the risk of bank defaults, customers used their local banks due to the lack of alternatives.
The paltry interest rates offered by banks on deposits hardly compensated customers for the risk that they were taking. Banks, with their legacy systems, number of branches and large number of employees, could not offer better rates of return on deposits.
Like putting lipstick on a pig
Current banks are burdened by their legacy infrastructure. While some of the advancements in technology have been implemented in banks, they have shied away from making large scale changes.
As Mark Mullen, the Chief Executive of Atom, said in 2015:
“Banks are trying to be cool and hip and build super cool digital front ends. But it's like putting lipstick on a pig - ultimately it's still a pig and the new front end is still running into an awful digital back end."
A truly new-age digital bank would be able to implement the latest technologies including cryptography, distributed ledger technologies, artificial intelligence, etc. across the organization. Comprehensive automation and digitization of the middle and back office would make the new-age banks highly efficient and agile.
Bitcoin may not be the currency of choice
It is acknowledged that digital currencies will play an integral part in digital banks of the future. However, while Bitcoin is the best known digital currency, the report asserts that it is not suitable for high volume transactions because of its low transactions per second (TPS) capacity.
While this can theoretically be solved by increasing the blocksize, consensus is required for changing the Bitcoin protocol.
Hence, other digital currencies, including those promoted by central banks, could become the preferred currency of new-age banks.
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Europe's largest software company, SAP (SAPG.DE), warned late on Friday that first-quarter results would be weaker than expected due to slower sales of software licenses to corporate customers, particularly in Brazil and the United States.
Logo of German company SAP is pictured at the CeBit computer fair in Hanover, March, 6, 2012. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer
Software license revenues fell 13 percent while the company's newer, but lower-margin cloud software business grew 33 percent. Business customers are shifting to cloud-based software delivered over the Internet instead of relying on older software packages they install and run on in-house computers. “America was a little more lumpy in terms of the signing of contracts,” Chief Executive Bill McDermott told reporters on a conference call, noting that U.S. revenue from its classic on-premise software business grew more slowly than expected.
First-quarter operating profit, excluding special items, rose 5 percent to 1.10 billion euros ($1.25 billion). Analysts, on average, had been looking for a first-quarter operating profit, excluding special items, of 1.15 billion euros, with 12 estimates ranging from 1.09 billion to 1.25 billion euros, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data.
The company also reported revenue of 4.73 billion euros, shy of the I/B/E/S average forecast of 4.83 billion euros.
SAP, whose customers include many of the world's biggest multinational corporations, specializes in business applications ranging from accounting to human resources to supply-chain management.
The company, and established rivals such as Oracle (ORCL.N) and IBM (IBM.N), are racing to fend off pure cloud software rivals like Salesforce.com (CRM.N) and Workday Inc WDAY.N in the market for running complex business operations.
COMEBACK SEEN
McDermott said he has “perfect, clear confidence” that SAP can meet the full-year profit targets it had set out in January. He said some software licensing deals the company had expected to close last quarter spilled into the current second quarter.
Ongoing political and macroeconomic instability in Latin America, particularly in Brazil, hurt first-quarter results. North America, coming off a very strong fourth quarter, had a slower start to the year, SAP said in a statement.
Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Africa turned in solid software revenues, the company said, while adding that its sales pipeline for 2016 remains strong in all regions.
It reiterated that it expects 2016 operating profit, excluding items, to range between 6.4 billion and 6.7 billion euros ($7.0 billion to $7.3 billion) at constant currencies. That represents roughly flat growth to an increase of 6 percent.
Analysts, on average, project operating profit of 6.69 billion euros for the current year, according to 27 estimates compiled by Vara Research.
SAP plans to publish its full quarterly results on April 20, but pre-announced selected figures because they were materially lower than expected. The first quarter is historically SAP's weakest period of the year and comes after a surge in results late last year, typically its strongest seasonal period.
SAP shares closed down 1 percent at 67.37 euros in Frankfurt on Friday. The stock is 11 percent below record high levels set in December when SAP's cloud transition was running smoothly.
($1 = 0.8774 euro)
The Democratic effort to extend federal benefits for the long-term unemployed got a surprise boost Tuesday as skeptical Republicans in the Senate voted to allow the proposal to advance, with issues of poverty and economic opportunity emerging as a central battleground between the parties.
The reprieve came after President Obama's outreach to some GOP senators produced the narrowest of victories for the White House.
“We've got to make sure this recovery leaves nobody behind,” Obama said after the vote. He stressed that the recession that gripped the nation at the beginning of his first term “was so devastating that there are still a lot of people who are struggling.”
The triumph may be temporary, because the measure still faces big hurdles in the Senate and longer odds of passing the House.
The crux of the negotiations now is the GOP demand for offsetting savings from other portions of the budget. The bill, sponsored by Sens. Jack Reed (D-R.I.) and Dean Heller (R-Nev.), calls for an estimated $6.5 billion to grant an additional three months of benefits for the long-term unemployed.
View Graphic Who are the long-term unemployed?
GOP leaders are increasingly concerned about public perceptions that they are insensitive to those who are still struggling in the slow economic recovery. In a recent memo to rank-and-file Republicans, House GOP leaders urged a show of empathy toward the jobless and advised members to view unemployment as a “personal crisis” for individuals and families.
Seemingly poised for defeat, the legislation instead cleared an early hurdle by the narrowest of margins as six Senate Republicans sided with Democrats to advance it. The sides are now engaged in negotiations over legislation that would allow 1.3 million jobless workers to continue receiving unemployment insurance. The procedural vote in the Senate came as the two parties jockeyed over the political issue of rising income inequality, with Democrats pushing more aid for the jobless and an increased minimum wage. In his speech after the vote, the president called unemployment insurance “a vital economic lifeline” for the millions who are jobless.
Several prominent Republicans, including Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.) and House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (Va.), plan to tout conservative alternatives to the Democratic proposals and other anti-poverty programs Wednesday as they mark the 50th anniversary of the beginning of President Lyndon B. Johnson's War on Poverty.
For now, the fight over unemployment has become the main focus of the debate. At the end of December, the emergency laws that extended jobless benefits beyond the traditional 26 weeks expired, forcing about 1.3 million people off the program. More unemployed Americans will lose their benefits as the year progresses and they surpass their states' normal timelines.
Obama called at least three key Republicans — Sens. Susan Collins (Maine), Mark Kirk (Ill.) and Rob Portman (Ohio) — in the run-up to the vote, signaling that he is willing to discuss other spending cuts.
“When he called, the president did not eliminate the possibility of paying for an extension, but he did not get into how exactly he would do that,” Collins said Tuesday.
White House advisers said that Obama is willing to discuss spending offsets only for a ­longer-term extension of unemployment benefits, not the three-month bill under consideration.
That sets up a delicate negotiation. Of the six Republican senators who voted yes Tuesday — Collins, Portman, Heller, Kelly Ayotte (N.H.), Dan Coats (Ind.) and Lisa Murkowski (Alaska) — five said they were unlikely to support the legislation as it is currently drafted. The six voted with 54 members of the Democratic caucus to approve a motion allowing the measure to move ahead, but Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.) will need to clear a second 60-vote hurdle to bring it to a final vote.
In the House, Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) took a hard line on what it would take to pass the extension in his chamber; among the GOP's possible demands are exemptions from Obama's health-care law and approval for the building of the Keystone XL oil pipeline.
For now, House GOP aides said, Boehner's leadership team is content to see how the talks play out in the Senate before they consider other options.
Senate Democrats questioned whether Republicans were leading them to a negotiating dead end in which no one could find reductions that would be agreeable to enough Democrats and still win approval from House and Senate Republicans. “We don't want a Mexican standoff where we put in our pay-for and they put in their pay-for,” Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) told reporters after the vote.
Democrats would instead like to get approval of the three-month extension for the unemployment benefits and use the intervening time to negotiate offsetting savings for a longer-term extension of the insurance program. But that risks losing votes from key Republicans.
“I don't buy that argument,” Coats said, suggesting that the 13 previous extensions to the program were too many. He said he will support a new extension only if there are offsetting cuts.
Some Republicans questioned whether Democrats just wanted to make a political point of having the GOP reject unemployment benefits, then criticize them as not understanding the working class.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.) accused Democrats of trying to turn the political focus away from Obama's health-care law. “I have to admit, I'm a little surprised at the fervor with which the majority is dedicated to reviving the expired emergency unemployment benefits after they ignored the issue all of last year,” he said.
Some Democrats, however, privately suggested that they think extending unemployment benefits is critical to the economic recovery, which is their best path to success in the 2014 midterm elections.
Obama's personal engagement Tuesday has left some Republicans thinking he is more willing to work out a deal. The GOP senators who spoke with the president were struck by the president's tone, according to Republican sources who were briefed on the series of calls. The president seemed agitated about the congressional stalemate and was eager to at least consider GOP amendments, even those that would irk Democrats. Obama didn't make any concrete offers, and White House aides said he made no promises beyond what his advisers have said publicly.
Collins said she told him that after one year of being unemployed, beneficiaries should be required to demonstrate that they are participating in a job-training program. Kirk, who voted no, said he wants Reid to agree to savings.
“If Harry gave us an offset, I'd be a yes,” he said before the vote Tuesday morning.
At that point, there was not enough public support to keep the legislation alive, as Coats and Portman kept their intentions private. Reid privately thought that if they were on the cusp of getting 60 votes, it would materialize, advisers said.
“The rich are getting a lot richer and the poor are getting poorer. The middle class is getting squeezed,” Reid said in a sharply partisan speech before the vote.
Afterward, Portman reserved his right to oppose the final bill, saying his vote Tuesday would allow the Senate to “engage in the debate on how to pay for this and how to make the unemployment insurance work better for Ohioans who are trying to find a job.”
Portman said his office is working on an amendment that would pay for the extension.
New York state's requirement that gun owners prove they have a special need for protection in order to obtain a concealed weapon permit does not violate the Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms, a federal appeals court ruled Monday.
The three-judge panel unanimously upheld a state law requiring applicants to prove that they'd received a personal threat or had some other special need for protection before they would be granted a permit to carry a concealed firearm in public.
An appeal to the US Supreme Court is expected.
A group of gun owners backed by a major gun rights group challenged the permit requirement as a violation of their Second Amendment rights.
They contended that as law-abiding citizens they should be able to carry concealed weapons without having to prove to government officials that they had “proper cause” to do so.
The gun owners argued that the US Supreme Court established in landmark decisions handed down in 2008 and 2010 that Americans possess a fundamental right to keep and bear arms for self protection.
At issue was whether New York's 100-year-old concealed permit requirement violated Second Amendment rights by forcing applicants to demonstrate a special and individualized need for self protection apart from simply a general desire to carry a weapon for added security.
For example, under New York law, living in a high-crime area is not enough of a threat to entitle a gun owner to be issued a concealed carry permit.
The three-judge panel of the Second US Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the Supreme Court's decisions established a fundamental right to possess firearms in the home – but that that right did not entitle law-abiding citizens to carry concealed weapons in public places.
“What we know from these [Supreme Court] decisions is that Second Amendment guarantees are at their zenith within the home,” Judge Richard Wesley wrote for the panel.
“What we do not know,” he said, “is the scope of that right beyond the home and the standards for determining when and how that right can be regulated by a government.”
The court went on to conclude that the requirement of proof of a special need for self protection before receiving a permit was “entirely consistent” with the right to bear arms and the state's traditional authority to regulate handgun possession in public.
“Plaintiffs contend that their desire for self defense is all the ‘proper cause' required by the Second Amendment to carry a firearm,” Judge Wesley wrote.
“They reason that the exercise of the right to bear arms cannot be made dependent on a need for self protection, just as the exercise of other enumerated rights cannot be made dependent on a need to exercise those rights,” he said. “This is a crude comparison and highlights Plaintiffs' misunderstanding of the Second Amendment.”
The court noted that state regulation under the Second Amendment has always been more restrictive than other constitutional rights. Wesley said no law could bar felons or the mentally ill from speaking on a particular topic or exercising their religious freedom, but regulations have long prevented felons and the mentally ill from possessing firearms.
“Our review of the history and tradition of firearm regulation does not clearly demonstrate that limiting handgun possession in public to those who show a special need for self-protection is inconsistent with the Second Amendment,” the court said.
“Accordingly, we decline Plaintiffs' invitation to strike down New York's one-hundred-year-old law and call into question the state's traditional authority to extensively regulate handgun possession in public.
The suit was brought by lawyers with the Second Amendment Foundation on behalf of five gun owners who applied for concealed handgun permits in New York and were denied. Four of the applicants offered no explanation of a “special need” for the permit. One of the applicants was a transgender female who said she was more likely to be a victim of violence.
The gun owners argued that the court should apply the same analysis as is used to weigh prior restraints to speech under the First Amendment.
“They see the nature of the rights guaranteed by each amendment as identical in kind. One has a right to speak and a right to bear arms,” the court said.
“Just as the First Amendment permits everyone to speak without obtaining a license, New York cannot limit the right to bear arms to only some law-abiding citizens,” the court said, summing up the gun owners' position.
The judges rejected the argument.
“We are hesitant to import substantive First Amendment principles wholesale into Second Amendment jurisprudence,” Wesley wrote. “Indeed, no court has done so.”
Instead, the court drew a distinction between possessing a firearm in the home for self defense and carrying one in public for the same purpose.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
“While the state's ability to regulate firearms is circumscribed in the home, outside the home, firearm rights have always been more limited, because public safety interests often outweigh individual interests in self-defense,” Wesley wrote.
The case is Kachalsky v. Westchester (11-3642).
Limerick trailed to first-half goals from Kurtis Byrne (9) and Dane Massey (38), but Taylor's charges responded in splendid fashion in the second period as Shane Tracy began the fightback by scoring from a controversial free-kick 10 minutes into the second half. Substitute Rory Gaffney equalised with his first touch on 74 minutes and then Craig Curran drove home the winner nine minutes from the end.
"We are never dead and buried. Not with the squad of players," beamed Taylor afterwards "To come from two goals down against a team that is in such good form is great. We haven't had much luck this season, but we got a little bit here and hopefully it has turned for us."
Dundalk were left reflecting on their failure to close the deal, with manager Stephen Kenny irked by referee Tom Connolly's decision to penalise Andy Boyle after a collision with Curran, which gave Tracy the chance to spark the revival.
"It was never a free-kick ... We scored two excellent goals, but if I am being honest I think that the two-goal lead at half-time flattered us," said Kenny.
Limerick FC – Ryan; Kelly, Williams, Folan, Tracy; Galbraith, Gamble (Gaffney, 73), O'Leary, Bossekota; Ranisford, Curran.
Dundalk – Cherrie; Sullivan, Rossiter (McDonnell, 27), Boyle, Massey; Towell, Shields, Mountney (Mulvenna, 78); Meenan, Faherty, Byrne (Dillon, 62).
Ref –T Connolly (Dublin)
Irish Independent
A man who molested his cancer stricken daughter while she was being treated was spared jail after being found guilty. His estranged wife wrote to the judge asking him not to send her husband to prison. On March 1, Jeremy Schwer, 41, was sentenced to 12 years probation, forced to register as a sex offender as well as undergo counseling. He will also have to move out of the family home. Deputy Prosecutor Courtney Curtis had wanted Schwer to serve nine years with three years probation, reports the Indianapolis Star.
The judge in the case was Marion Superior Court Magistrate Steven Rubick.
Here's what you need to know:
1. His Daughter Was Admitted to a Hospital in 2013 After Doctors Found a Brain Tumor
The Indianapolis Star reports that Schwer's daughter was admitted to a hospital in 2013 after doctors found a brain tumor. The newspaper, citing court documents, says that it was during this time that Schwer began molesting his young daughter. The couple had been alternating spending nights with their daughter at St. Jude's.
As of March 2014, there was no growth in Schwer's daughter's tumor and she continues to recover from her treatment.
2. Schwer Was Arrested in 2015 After His Daughter Said He Touched Her ‘Peepeeluca'
In 2015, Schwer was arrested after his daughter told her mother about the abuse. The young girl said that she touched her father's “peepeluca” and he touched hers. The Indianapolis Star reports that was a family name for private parts. She also said that Schwer “had her sit on his ‘cat tail,'” according to the Star. The girl said that it happened every night that she slept alone with her father. She added that Schwer had said that if she told anyone, he would go to jail.
3. An Online Diary Shows That Jeremy Was Working in Indianapolis While His Daughter Was Being Treated in Memphis
On a YouCaring page for Schwer's daughter, it mentions that he had been traveling between Memphis and Indianapolis during his daughter's treatment. She was being treated in Memphis since September 2013 when her tumor became “extremely rare, malignant, and high grade.”
The Indianapolis Star reports that he hadn't worked since he was initially arrested in 2015 until two weeks before sentencing, despite being out of jail. An article written about the family in Nuvo.net, mentions that Schwer had been working as a 3D rendering artist for a company named Ratio Architects. The piece is dated from February 2014. It says that the family were struggling to pay the medical bills from their daughter's sickness. Arpana Schwer told the website, “Whatever Jeremy and I are making, it all goes to medical bills. Life is not easy for us. It's been really, really tough.” The little girl meanwhile said that the Make-a-Wish foundation had built her princess castle at her home, she said, “Today my daddy is going to give me a lot of surprises. Tomorrow is special.”
The Star piece, quotes Schwer's lawyer, John W. Campbell, saying that his client plans to dedicate his life to financially supporting his family.
4. His Father Died the Same Year the Allegations Were First Made
Schwer's father, Frank Glen Schwer, died in June 2015, “following a prolonged battle with cancer. Thankfully, he was able to remain active and working, with much quality of life, till within just a few weeks of his passing,” according to his obituary. The tribute says that Schwer is the middle child, born in between older brother Jonathan and younger sister, Erin. The family grew up in Beech Grove, Indiana, just south of Indianapolis. His parents split up after 25 years together. Finally, the obituary ends with mourners being asked to make a donation to St. Jude's hospital in Frank Schwer's honor.
5. His Wife Is a Native of Kathmandu, Nepal
According to her Facebook page, Arpana Schwer is a native of Kathmandu, Nepal. She works for a Catholic charity that specializes in helping refugee and immigrant communities. On her profile, she says she married Schwer in 2007. In her husband's case, Deputy Prosecutor Curtis said “This is the most horrific circumstance of a child molest case that I've ever seen,” reports the Indianapolis Star. Though Curtis understood the judge listening to the girl's mother in regard to sentencing.
The couple have another younger daughter together.
This article does not provide links to social media pages or other information sources that directly identify the victim.
Indo-Bangla cooperation in the sector on Saturday entered a new phase, with the two countries breaking ground for a 1,320-Mw coal-fired plant and inaugurating a joint transmission line that will export 500 Mw from India.
Prime Minister joined the inauguration of the cross-country transmission line and the laying of the foundation stone for the Maitri Thermal Project through video conferencing, while his Bangladeshi counterpart was present at a sub-station in western Bheramara, about 240 km from here.
"Today's inauguration represents an important milestone in connecting our two countries and the broader region through a growing wave of cross-border energy links and trade," Singh said.
These initiatives will strengthen the bonds of friendship between India and Bangladesh and add a rich dimension to bilateral relations, he said.
Hasina, who was joined by India's New and Renewable Energy Minister Farooq Abdullah at the sub-station, said, "Such cooperation would pave the way to embark on more ambitious projects to the benefit of both the countries.
"The inter-grid connectivity is part of an immediate solution which would go a long way to alleviate the power deficit in Bangladesh."
The formal opening of the joint transmission line came a week after India launched a test transmission of electricity under an agreement to export 250 Mw to its energy-starved neighbour.
The inauguration began with the supply of 175 Mw from India to Bangladesh's Grid and officials said the agreed quantum would start coming from next month.
Bangladesh will import 250 Mw from the Indian government's "unallocated quota" and another 250 Mw will be supplied by an Indian private firm.
The groundbreaking for Bangladesh's biggest-ever joint venture coal-run power project came against the backdrop of protests by environmentalists, who fear that the project near the Sundarbans, also shared by India, would endanger the world's largest mangrove forest.
BISMARCK – North Dakota suffered its worst revenue shortfall of the current biennium so far in December, with tax revenues arriving more than $63 million below forecast and further darkening the state's budget picture as an advisory group prepares to meet Friday to discuss a new forecast.
Last month's shortfall brought the total gap for the first six months of the biennium to $215 million below the forecast that state lawmakers had when they adjourned in late April.
Office of Management and Budget Director Pam Sharp said that makes it “very, very likely” that state agencies will see across-the-board budget cuts and that the state's $572 million Budget Stabilization Fund will be tapped to cover any remaining shortfall.
Sharp said it also affirms her decision last month to request a new revenue forecast from Moody's Analytics.
The state's Advisory Council on Revenue Forecasting will meet with Moody's officials at 9:30 a.m. Friday at the Capitol to discuss factors for the new forecast, including taxable sales and purchases and the price of crude oil, which has dropped by more than half since lawmakers adjourned.
If the new forecast predicts that state revenues will be $400 million to $500 million below projections, it will trigger automatic budget cuts for most state agencies of up to 2.5 percent, or about $105 million, Sharp has said. State law allows the governor to use the Budget Stabilization Fund to cover any shortfall beyond the 2.5 percent.
The last widespread cuts occurred in 2002, when then-Gov. John Hoeven ordered a 1 percent budget cut.
House Majority Leader Al Carlson, R-Fargo, said Wednesday that he would like to see deeper agency cuts of up to 5 percent, rather than spending down reserves.
“I think there's enough excess in most of the departments,” he said. “Most of them should be able to deal with that.”
Sharp said it's difficult to predict what share of the shortfall will fall onto agencies.
“We'll make the call once we know what the actual forecast is,” she said.
She hopes to have the new revenue forecast by Feb. 1, but noted it could take longer depending on what happens at Friday's meeting.
“Our goal is to get it out ASAP so that agencies can begin dealing with whatever the ramifications are,” she said.
December's $63 million shortfall was the biggest of the biennium so far, surpassing the $49 million shortfall in October.
Sales tax revenues continue to come in well below forecast because of the ripple effects of reduced oil activity in western North Dakota and lower farm commodity prices, Sharp said. Sales tax collections were $30 million below forecast in December and are $193 million, or 27 percent, short for the biennium to date.
Corporate and individual income taxes also fell well below projections last month, respectively, but Sharp said that's partly because the state tax office moved some of the revenues into its refund reserve in anticipation of some big tax refunds. Officials won't know how income tax revenues shake out until after the filing season that began this week ends in April, she said.
Carlson, who sits on the revenue advisory council, noted that House lawmakers last spring unsuccessfully urged Moody's to lower its forecast for sales and income tax revenues.
Still, the sky isn't falling, he said, pointing out that oil production has held steady at between 1.1 million and 1.2 million barrels per day.
“Is it going to be long-term? Nobody knows,” he said of the downturn. “We could see this coming. We just didn't anticipate it being as bad as it is.”
Last week, news of a Google-found iOS exploit caught the attention of the developer community and opened up the potential for the first iOS 11 jailbreak. Now, the kernel vulnerability has been publicly shared.
Security researcher for Project Zero, Ian Beer teased last week that he would soon share one of the several iOS exploits he recently found. With Apple providing security patches for the flaws with iOS 11.2, Beer was in the clear to share the exploits this month.
As we reported last week, what Google's Project Zero found is expected to lead to the first iOS 11 jailbreak. Beer tweeted today sharing the details on the exploit.
He also added that “tfp0 should work for all devices” but he wasn't able to personally test them. This exploit gives complete control of the core of the operating system.
While the popularity of jailbreaking has waned from both a user and developer perspective, there seems to be significant interest from the developer community with this iOS 11.1.2 and earlier exploit.
iOS 11.1.2, now with more kernel debugging: https://t.co/PIKbD3Gwx9 — Ian Beer (@i41nbeer) December 11, 2017
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Tony Dungy is retired from coaching and he intends to stay that way.
The Jackson, Mich. native was asked on Twitter if he would have any interest in coaching the Detroit Lions if the job becomes available. Dungy simply replied, "No I am done coaching!"
Dungy, 58, is one of the most successful coaches in NFL history.
In 13 seasons with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Indianapolis Colts, he compiled a 139-69 mark. He went to the playoffs 11 times, leading the Colts to a Super Bowl victory in 2007.
Since stepping down as the coach of the Colts after the 2008 season, Dungy has worked as a studio analyst for NBC's Sunday Night Football coverage.
When discussing Detroit's early season-loss to the Arizona Cardinals, Dungy used the popular local term "Same Old Lions" during a broadcast.
That derogatory moniker has gotten plenty of run recently as the Lions have collapsed down the stretch, losing four of the past five games and ceding the NFC North lead and control of the team's playoff fate.
Detroit's struggles have led to increased speculation coach Jim Schwartz will be out of the job at season's end. But if that's the case, you can apparently cross Dungy's name off the list of potential replacements.
-- Download the Detroit Lions MLive app for iPhone and Android
-- Follow Justin Rogers on Twitter
-- Like MLive's Detroit Lions Facebook page
AJAX, Ont. — Investigators for Ontario's Ministry of the Environment and Climate Change raided the headquarters of Volkswagen Canada on Tuesday morning, executing a search warrant as part of the massive international investigation into “cheat devices” meant to evade emissions regulations.
A team of 24 officers, including computer experts from the Ministry of Finance, arrived at the Volkswagen Canada campus in Toronto's eastern suburbs at 9:30 a.m., seeking evidence to support a newly laid charge against Volkswagen AG, the automaker's German parent company, for violating Ontario's Environmental Protection Act.
When asked if the company was co-operating with the warrant, ministry investigator Warren Korol said: “I'm not certain yet, we're still searching.”
As of noon, they had not removed anything, but an agent could be seen carrying a large cooler into the building, and a ministry van was parked by the reception door.
“In any search warrant, there's always a list of things we're searching for, and if we find those things, yes, we'll be seizing them,” Korol said.
The information to obtain the search warrant, which includes details of what the investigators were seeking, is sealed to the public until it has been fully executed. The raid was not co-ordinated with other jurisdictions, nor were there simultaneous raids, Korol said.
Thomas Tetzlaff, Volkswagen Canada's manager of public relations, said the investigators came unannounced, and that the company is co-operating. “We'll continue to co-operate with them until they have the information they require,” he said. He said he did not know if they had taken anything yet.
“This kind of came out of the blue for us,” he said. “As such, it's not something we find worrisome or troubling.
“We're not hiding anything,” he said. “Since the outset of this, we've been co-operating with any and all agencies that have asked us for information.”
The raid comes two years and a day after a global emissions scandal involving several Volkswagen models erupted.
In September 2015, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announced it had evidence that millions of Volkswagen vehicles were programmed to detect when emissions were being tested, and to alter their engine function to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions during the test. In some cases, the regular emission rate was 40 times higher than in test mode.
The fallout walloped the automaker's stock price and prompted criminal charges, a major class action lawsuit, and other civil actions. Volkswagen's chief executive was forced to resign, and the company pleaded guilty to criminal charges in the United States, and was ordered to pay a US$2.8-billion fine.
The scheme to defeat emissions testing affected 11 million vehicles, including the brands Jetta, Golf and Beetle, all with the TDI engine, short for turbocharged direct injection.
An order of Ontario's Environmental Registry, issued last year, describes how Volkswagen AG “admitted responsibility for the installation of a defeat mechanism globally that may by-pass, defeat or render inoperative the emissions control technology on certain diesel vehicles. Volkswagen Group Canada Inc. has imported and sold a number of the affected vehicles in Ontario, which includes 2.0 litre, 4 Cylinder TDI diesel engine vehicles. Ontario's environmental legislation prohibits the sale of vehicles that do not meet emissions standards.”
The order goes on to describe Volkswagen Canada's efforts to resolve the matter, with a plan to fix the cars, in co-operation with the provincial ministry.
Environment and Climate Change Canada, the federal ministry, is the lead agency for investigating the importation and sale of Volkswagen vehicles with the defeat device. This newest charge, however, is for the provincial offence of causing vehicles to operate with higher than allowed emissions levels.
The charge is against the German parent company, but investigators were looking for evidence of the alleged offence that might be in the possession of the Canadian subsidiary.
“We have no reason to believe that (the Canadian subsidiary has) committed any offences,” Korol said.
An information sheet sworn on Friday with the Ontario Court of Justice in Whitby by provincial officer Dean Lemcke says he has “reasonable and probable grounds” to believe that Volkswagen AG “did commit the offence of causing or permitting the operation of motor vehicles … that did not comply with the prescribed emissions standards.”
Those include Volkswagen and Audi vehicles with 2.0 litre diesel engines from the model years 2010 to 2014.
The information sheet describes a summons issued to Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft at its headquarters in Wolfsburg-Sonderbezirk, Lower Saxony, Germany. That summons has a return date later this year.
Gary Wheeler, a spokesman for the Ontario ministry, said the charge “relates to the alleged after-sale modification of certain Volkswagen vehicles that impacted the operation of their emission control systems.”
Any penalty for this charge would be determined after conviction by a court, he said.
“Volkswagen owners, dealers, their service managers and technicians are not part of this investigation,” Wheeler said.
— With a file from Alicja Siekierska
• Email: jbrean@nationalpost.com | Twitter: JosephBrean
• Email: ahumphreys@nationalpost.com | Twitter: AD_Humphreys
At some point, there's a story to be told about Ben Gordon's fall from grace, about how a dynamic but undersized shooting guard moved from filling a vital role on a perennial playoff team to an afterthought for underachieving franchises and, at least for now, out of the NBA at 32.
This isn't that story.
This is, simply, a Ben Gordon appreciation piece.
It comes out of nowhere, to be sure, like one of Gordon's tsunami-like scoring barrages. Those came with such force and unpredictability that they linger in memory, like one of Gordon's floaters finally descending to find bottom, arced just so over a thicket of big men.
It's time to confess: Gordon is one of my all-time favorite players I've covered. Not because he ate a peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwich daily, as I do. Not because his pocket square would be protruding just so after he nattily prepared himself to address reporters postgame.
It's not even because Gordon once had the audacity to have a news conference at a Michael Jordan-owned restaurant to announce plans for an energy drink called "BG7" that never materialized. (Though that was awesome.)
It's because his scoring talent was undeniably pleasing to watch. And he teamed with fellow rookies Luol Deng and Andres Nocioni and second-year guard Kirk Hinrich to place his stamp on my favorite season to cover in more than 15 years of beat coverage, the 2004-05 Bulls.
That team, in coach Scott Skiles' first full season, started 0-9. One more road defeat in Salt Lake City on Nov. 24, 2004, and it would have set a record for the worst start in franchise history.
Given how long the Tim Floyd-era and rebuilding project had lasted, the Tribune, citing deadlines with a game starting in the Mountain Time zone, had prepared a woe-is-us look at the franchise, pegged for Page 1 of the paper, not Sports.
Instead, Gordon came off the bench to score 22 points, including four clutch free throws in the final 19.3 seconds, and the Bulls snapped a 37-game losing streak on their annual extended November trip with a two-point victory over the Jazz.
The Tribune killed the story. And the fact that performance doesn't even make my top-four favorite Gordon games tells you something about the only player in NBA history to win Sixth Man of the Year as a rookie.
What are your favorite memories of John Paxson's second draft pick as general manager, last heard from as a Golden State Warrior training camp invite? Here are mine:
1. Jan. 17, 2005: Bulls 88, Knicks 86
Jim McIsaac / Getty Images Ben Gordon jumps into the arms of teammate Kirk Hinrich as they celebrate Gordon's game winning shot against the New York Knicks on January 17, 2005 at Madison Square Garden. Ben Gordon jumps into the arms of teammate Kirk Hinrich as they celebrate Gordon's game winning shot against the New York Knicks on January 17, 2005 at Madison Square Garden. (Jim McIsaac / Getty Images) (Jim McIsaac / Getty Images)
Nothing captures the impact of Gordon on the youthful Bulls' rise to prominence more than this game.
Despite struggling much of his first NBA game at Madison Square Garden, a building he dominated in so much during high school and college that people called him "Madison Square Gordon," he was unfazed. With family members, friends and former teammates looking on, Gordon took a pass from Hinrich, used a screen from Tyson Chandler and floated a right-handed baseline runner over Michael Sweetney with 0.1 seconds left.
The Bulls' seventh straight victory featured Gordon, who grew up 25 miles away in Mount Vernon, N.Y., scoring 13 of his 17 points in the final period. That was no fluke; Gordon's 21 double-digit fourth quarters trailed only LeBron James that season.
Afterward, Gordon was asked if he called his shot a runner, floater or teardrop jumper.
"I call it a 'W,'" he said.
2. April 20, 2009: Celtics 118, Bulls 115
Elsa / Getty Images Ben Gordon heads to the net as Ray Allen defends in Game Two of the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals during the 2009 NBA Playoffs. Ben Gordon heads to the net as Ray Allen defends in Game Two of the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals during the 2009 NBA Playoffs. (Elsa / Getty Images) (Elsa / Getty Images)
Forget the fact Gordon knocked down six 3-pointers en route to 42 points. Disregard that Gordon scored 25 in the second half, including the Bulls' final 12 as they desperately tried to seize a 2-0 lead in their epic first-round playoff series against the defending NBA champions.
It's the delicious duel aspect that makes this performance so memorable. Gordon and Ray Allen looked like they were playing summer pick-up games at their shared University of Connecticut alma mater, trading jumpers, often over double-teams.
Gordon's jumper over Allen with 46.9 seconds left nudged the Bulls head by one. Allen, who scored 30 points, answered with a 3-pointer. Gordon sank a stone-cold 16-footer with 12.3 seconds left to tie the game. And then Allen ran Kirk Hinrich off a screen and dropped a 3-pointer over the outstretched arm of Joakim Noah.
Ballgame.
3. March 4, 2007: Bulls 126, Bucks 121 (OT)
Darren Hauck / Associated Press Ben Gordon watches his 3-pointer against the Milwaukee Bucks in the first half March 4, 2007. Ben Gordon watches his 3-pointer against the Milwaukee Bucks in the first half March 4, 2007. (Darren Hauck / Associated Press) (Darren Hauck / Associated Press)
Gordon had a thing for shootouts. Unlike the one with the Celtics' Allen, Gordon lost this points battle but won the game.
Michael Redd scored 52 points and the Bucks led by 18 points in the fourth quarter at home. Gordon took over, scoring 24 of his career-high 48 points after the third quarter. That included a jumper with 11.6 seconds left in regulation for a one-point lead to cap his 20-point fourth quarter and then the first basket in overtime.
Postgame, Gordon talked about how it feels to be in the zone, closing with "you never want it to end." On this night, only the buzzer made it so.
4. April 14, 2006: Bulls 103, Wizards 101
Abel Uribe / Chicago Tribune Ben Gordon goes up for two of his 32 points in the 4th period against Washington at the United Center, Friday April 14, 2006. Ben Gordon goes up for two of his 32 points in the 4th period against Washington at the United Center, Friday April 14, 2006. (Abel Uribe / Chicago Tribune) (Abel Uribe / Chicago Tribune)
After qualifying for the playoffs the previous season for the first time since the dynasty was dismantled after 1998, the Bulls were fighting for a second straight berth. The importance of this for a franchise that endured the interminably lengthy rebuilding period can't be overstated.
So what did Gordon do? Tie Latrell Sprewell's NBA record by going 9-for-9 from 3-point range.
"I didn't know I didn't miss or anything," Gordon said casually afterward. "I was just letting them ride."
Gimmicks have become an integral part of the modern craft beer landscape, with everything from beer made from yeast culled from a brewer's beer to ingredients shot into the upper atmosphere and then retrieved, to beer made from recycled music festival urine. And beyond the headline-grabbing elements, most forays into the unusual typically all come down to one thing: does the beer actually taste good?
We'll reserve that judgement to a case-by-case basis (and are happy to take volunteers to try that recycled pee beer). And hey, brewers are a quirky bunch—gimmicks are part of the game, and most brewers embrace their weirdness. But they're also tapping into their altruistic impulses as well, using high-quality craft beer to support worthy causes, from environmental causes to medical issues to measured responses to the Trump administration's new initiatives.
Here are a handful of beers that were crafted with the hopes of giving back to the community that has supported them for so long. Bonus: they also taste really freakin' good.
Keeping track of every pop culture reference Abed has made on Community can drive a man insane, or at least make him curl up with a bottle of no-no juice. There are references on top of references on top of spoofs on top of meta references; the layers of Star Trek go seven timelines deep. But I did the best I could: consider this your glimpse inside the mind of Abed. I kept track of every pop culture reference Abed has made, with a few guidelines to keep me away from the Greendale Asylum: 1) For the most part, I only included exact references, i.e. Doctor Who isn't included because it's not mentioned by name, only in homage with Inspector Spacetime (same with the spaghetti westerns that are lovingly paid tribute to in “A Few Paintballs More” — I broke this rule a few times, though; blame it on Evil Josh); and 2) I didn't bother with season four. No Dan Harmon, no care.
The Abyss
Alien
An American Tail
Animal House
Apocalypse Now
Bad Influence
The Beatles
Belushi, Jim
The Big Lebowski
Blade
The Brady Bunch
The Breakfast Club
The Bucket List
Can't Buy Me Love
The Cape
The Chronicles of Riddick
Cougar Town
Abregú was last seen on the undercard of the Sergio Martínez-Martin Murray bill with victory over Antoine Decarie before a hand injury and subsequent operation put an end to his 2013 campaign.
Luis Carlos Abregú (35-1, 28 KOs) will make his return to the ring on April 4 against unbeaten Jean Carlos Prada (30-0-1, 21 KOs) of Venezuela. The bout will take place in Abregú's hometown of Salta, Argentina with the plan being a return to the United States should he emerge victorious.
[QUOTE=lutenco;14275956]Your posts are ridicolous,I'M OVER WITH YOU!!![/QUOTE] How's it ridiculous? Bradley could and would beat him again
Prada has a super inflated record
[QUOTE=US Dirk Killer;14275941]Yup, he can get back in line for another ass beating[/QUOTE]Your posts are ridicolous,I'M OVER WITH YOU!!!
[QUOTE=lutenco;14275887]BRADLEY TIMOTHY ? The undeafeted P4P number 3 ? Oh yes,what a shame lose with BRADLEY,he beat only PACQUIAO,JM MARQUEZ,PROVODNIKOV,DEVON ALEXANDER(undeafeted),LAMONT PETERSON(undeafeted),KENDAL HOLT(unification bout WBC/WBO)MIGUEL VAZQUEZ(now IBF lightweight world champion since 14/8/2010 with only two losses in carreer,TIM and CANELO)!!!![/QUOTE]…
[QUOTE=.:: JSFD26 ::.;14275383]Right... Surgery doesn't automatically mean it's fixed. [SIZE="1"][I]Posted from Boxingscene.com App for Android[/I][/SIZE][/QUOTE]Means automatically that HIS RIGHT HAND IS GOOD enough to back in the ring!!!
Coming Soon
Pacific Rim
As monsters emerge from the sea to attack Earth, humanity fights back using giant robot warriors in this anime adaptation of the blockbuster film.
The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind
Inspired by a science book, 13-year-old William Kamkwamba builds a wind turbine to save his Malawian village from famine. Based on a true story.
Messiah
When a man in the Middle East appears to be performing miracles, a rift breaks out over whether he's the Messiah or a fraud in this suspenseful drama.
Trinkets
In this coming-of-age series, three teenage girls from different social circles form an unlikely friendship over their shared affinity for shoplifting.
Love Alarm
A software developer creates an app that alerts users if anyone nearby harbors romantic feelings for them. Adapted from the popular web cartoon.
Raising Dion
A single mom must hide her young son's superpowers to protect him from exploitation while investigating their origins and her husband's death.
Girl
Fifteen-year-old ballet dancer Lara faces physical and emotional hurdles as she prepares for gender confirmation surgery. Inspired by a true story.
Wu Assassins
The last in a line of Chosen Ones, a wannabe chef teams up with a homicide detective to unravel an ancient mystery and take down supernatural assassins.
Michael Scott (portrayed by Steve Carell), a regional manager for a paper distribution company in NBC's "The Office," may be one of the most annoying co-workers ever imagined. But is he toxic? (Reuters)
Every workplace has them. The colleague who bad-mouths you behind your back at the water cooler. The boss who takes credit for everyone else's ideas. The sexist jerk people actively avoid by taking circuitous routes to the printer and lying about their happy hour plans.
These employees are the bane of American enterprise and they're everywhere. Not only are they detrimental to a company's morale, they are extremely costly to its bottom line and can do far more harm to an organization than outliers at the other extreme — the superstar employees — do good. But who are these people exactly? And how are they different from the rest of us?
In a provocative new Harvard Business School working paper, researchers Michael Housman and Dylan Minor crunched data from 50,000 employees at 11 companies to come up with what may be the world's most detailed personality profile of a "toxic worker."
[Roots of Napoleon complex may be justified: Study finds short men get short of end stick in life.]
Using information from a company that builds software designed by industrial-organizational psychologists to assess a job applicant's fitness for a particular position, the researchers were able to gain an extraordinary window into a modern-day worker's mind. The job testing program included questions about everything from how they view their own abilities to their attitudes toward teamwork.
All of the workers in the study were employed in front-line service positions and paid on an hourly basis. The researchers also had access to the employees' daily performance data, which represented productivity based on the average time it took them to handle a transaction and customer service ratings as well as basic employment data such as their job title, location, hire date, termination date (if applicable) and reason for termination.
[The perilous plight of middle managers: Exploitation, domination and depression]
In the continuum of toxic workers, there are those who are simply annoying and might just be a bad fit for an organization. At the other end are those who engage in harassment, bullying, fraud, theft or even violence in the workplace. The study zeroed in on those at the most extreme of the extreme who were fired for their toxic behavior.
The study's findings aren't exactly what you might expect.
First, a toxic worker isn't necessarily a lazy worker. In fact, they tend to be insanely productive, much more so than the average worker.
Housman, a workplace scientist at an analytics firm, and Minor, a visiting assistant professor at Harvard, explain that this may explain why these workers tend to persist in an organization despite their questionable ethics and morals: "There is a potential trade-off. … They are corrupt, but they excel in work performance." They cited as an example a rogue trader who is making millions. A firm might be tempted to look away when he's found to be overstepping legal boundaries. And then there's this maddening fact: At least one previous study has found that unethical workers actually have longer tenures at companies than ethical ones.
The second characteristic is a bit more obvious. They tend to have what's known as high "self-regard" and a lower degree of "other-regardingness." Or put more simply, they're selfish. "All things equal, those that are less other-regarding should be more predisposed to toxicity as they do not fully internalize the cost that their behavior imposes on others," the researchers wrote. This characteristic was teased out in the job screening program by asking applicants questions like this one that makes them choose between two statements: "I like to ask about other people's well-being" or "I let the past stay in the past." Selecting the first would give them a higher other-regarding score.
Third, the toxic employee also has an tendency to be overconfident of his or her own abilities — a trait believed to lead to unreasonable risk-taking. "Someone that is overconfident believes the expected payoff from engaging in misconduct is higher than someone who is not overconfident, as they believe the likelihood of the better outcome is higher than it really is," the researchers explained.
Finally, if a person is dead-set on following rules, there may be reason to worry. Even though it seems counterintuitive, Housman and Minor said that those employees who claimed in the questionnaire that rules should always be followed with no exceptions (as opposed to those who said sometimes you have to break rules to do a good job) were the most likely to be terminated for breaking the rules.
"It could also be the case that those who claim the rules should be followed are more Machiavellian in nature, purporting to embrace whatever rules, characteristics or beliefs that they believe are most likely to obtain them a job," they theorized. "There is strong evidence that Machiavellianism leads to deviant behavior."
[Your office thermostat is set for men's comfort. Here's the scientific proof.]
Does your rule-following office mate have a secret Machiavellian agenda and simply pretending to want to follow the rules? (iStock)
The consequences of employing such people can be enormous for a company. The researchers calculated that these workers can cost $12,489 due to the need to replace other workers who leave due to their behavior. That's an almost two-to-one return as compared to their estimates for what a company gains from a superstar employee in the 1 percent of productivity — an increase in $5,303 in value.
In their paper, Housman and Minor explain that the best way to deal with these toxic workers is simple: Avoid them. Human resources programs and interviews in the future could be designed to screen them out, for instance.
But what if you already have some of these employees in your midst?
You needn't despair that your organization is doomed. According to their research, the factors that lead to a potentially toxic worker to act in a toxic way are likely to be numerous and complex and isn't all about fixed personality traits. Here's one example: They found that the number of other toxic workers around them or the "density" of toxic workers in your group can influence whether they act appropriately, with the lower the density the better the outcome. It's akin to the way peer pressure can steer teens in the wrong direction.
"There is some hope," they wrote, "that through judicious management of a worker's environment, toxicity can be reduced."
Read more:
Principal to give former student ultimate Christmas gift: Her kidney
Joke's on us. American teeth are as bad as British teeth, study says.
It turns out parenthood is worse than divorce, unemployment — even the death of a partner
With $45 billion pledge to charity, Mark Zuckerberg and wife imagine ‘a world without suffering from disease'
Happiness won't help you live longer (but unhappiness won't kill you either)
Maternal exposure to antidepressant SSRIs linked to autism in children
The recent correction in precious metals and miners has led some investors to question whether they missed the ultimate top in the bull market for gold and silver. Conversely, this would lead to the question of whether the dollar and other fiat currencies have bottomed.
According to a study of 775 fiat currencies by DollarDaze.org, there is no historical precedence for a fiat currency that has succeeded in holding its value. Twenty percent failed through hyperinflation, 21% were destroyed by war, 12% destroyed by independence, 24% were monetarily reformed, and 23% are still in circulation approaching one of the other outcomes.
The average life expectancy for a fiat currency is 27 years, with the shortest life span being one month. Founded in 1694, the British pound Sterling is the oldest fiat currency in existence. At a ripe old age of 317 years it must be considered a highly successful fiat currency. However, success is relative. The British pound was defined as 12 ounces of silver, so it's worth less than 1/200 or 0.5% of its original value. In other words, the most successful long standing currency in existence has lost 99.5% of its value.
Given the undeniable track record of currencies, it is clear that on a long enough timeline the survival rate of all fiat currencies drops to zero. Fiat currency bulls will probably not argue with this fact, but the remaining argument to hold fiat cash is that the decline of fiat currencies is manageable to such an extent that the loss in purchasing power will have a minimal or unnoticeable impact. The purchasing power of the British pound has eroded by a seemingly manageable 3% average annual rate.
The US dollar was taken off of the gold standard in 1971 when it was 1/35th an ounce of gold. At 40 years old, it has already lost 97% of its value. Yet it has lasted longer than the average fiat currency so perhaps its performance should be labeled "better than expected". The US dollar has fallen by an average 9% annually over this 40-year period when measured against gold. As such, investment advisers may want to readjust their inflation expectations when projecting dollar based investments. The S&P 500 appreciated at 7% over the same 40 year period - not even keeping pace with the decline in purchasing power of the dollar.
Gold and silver have outperformed the S&P 500 and held their purchasing power since the inception of the US dollar fiat currency. Despite this excellent track record, the question remains as to whether this trend will continue. While investors can be confident that over a lifetime, precious metals will hold their value most are wary of volatility in the markets that may take gold and silver years to recover from. The obvious example of this is the commodity bear market that began in 1980 with gold peaking at $800 and falling to $250. This leads to the only remaining argument against precious metals investing based on the premise that currency flaws can be prolonged into the future:
Yes, the dollar will continue to lose substantial purchasing power and is terribly flawed. However it will bounce for several years through austerity measures and in the process push precious metals prices lower for an interim period. After all, currencies have bounced as they stair step lower over the years.
In order for such an event to occur Federal budgets would have to be reduced by $1 trillion annually and Paul Volcker, or a new version of him, would have to raise nominal interest rates above inflation rates such that real interest rates are positive by multiple percentage points. In 1981, federal funds rates exceeded 19%. Since the US dollar and economy is much further along its terminal decline it would take even more extreme action to create a recovery for the dollar. Considering that Volcker has resigned from being an economic adviser to the White House, and that the federal funds rates are flat lined at zero, the odds of any such action are astronomical. The financial industry and economy clearly could not sustain such an interest rate shock today. Any rise in interest rates would exponentially increase US debt carrying obligations pushing it even further into insolvency and have the reverse effect on the currency by devaluing it at an even faster pace. Europe is a living example of this.
The implication from the above is that the worst case scenario for gold and silver would be a two to five year correction followed by even higher prices. The fiat currency decline will become increasing pronounced until a resolution event occurs such as a replacement of the dollar or reinstatement of an asset backed currency.
Is this time different? We don't think so.
Chris Mack is president of Trade Placer . He can be contacted at info@tradeplacer.com .
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Honey mixed with sugar might be sweet, but it is not “honey.”
A vendor, who is also a beekeeper, sells honey at a roadside market, some 170 kilometers (105 miles) north of Astana June 14, 2013. REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov
Food companies and other producers who add sweeteners to honey have to alert consumers by labeling their products as a “blend,” the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said on Tuesday.
Only manufactures that do not add sugar, corn syrup or other sweeteners should label their products as pure “honey,” the FDA said in draft guidelines posted online.
The proposal aims “to advise the regulated food industry on the proper labeling of honey and honey products to help ensure that honey and honey products are not adulterated or misbranded,” the agency wrote.
Americans consume more than 400 million pounds of honey each year, according to U.S. government and industry estimates. But just 149 million pounds were produced in the United States last year, U.S. Department of Agriculture data showed.
To feed America's sweet tooth, much honey is imported, and U.S. producers are worried about cheap substitutes.
Pure honey is generally more expensive than those mixed with corn syrup and traditional sugar, and prices reached a record high of $2.12 a pound last year, according to the USDA.
The FDA's review follows a petition from the American Beekeeping Federation and several other related groups seeking a standard U.S. definition for the natural sweetener to promote fair trade.
While the agency rejected their request, it said it was willing to look at labeling.
The FDA inspected imported honey to see whether it had been “adulterated” with corn or cane sugars. In recent decades, it detained honey containing such substitutes from countries such as Brazil and Mexico, according to the agency.
Manufacturers have 60 days to comment on the proposal before final guidelines are issued. Even then, however, guidelines are not mandatory.
When you're looking for health guidance, there are, occasionally, better places to turn than the Internet. (Vimeo)
Look, real talk — who among us has not, in moments of weakness and/or headache-induced distress, put medical symptoms into Google just to confirm that we were, in fact, probably totally dying?
Let that person cast the first stone.
(And then let that person Google "threw out arm casting stone" because that sounds like something that could definitely strain your arm, if you hadn't stretched first.)
The thing is, everyone does this. I mean, almost everyone. Some of us are still old-school, and just call our mothers. But for those who turn to the Internet for all of life's great questions — Why does my tummy hurt? What is the deal with this gross eye thing? [Just insert your own disgusting medical query here] — don't worry. There's help. (So long as you're in Belgium.)
Don't google It from DDB Brussels on Vimeo.
Adweek reports that a DDB Brussels campaign is designed to help people in Belgium who can't stop Googling their own (possibly non-existent) medical problems.
Don't google it from Gezondheid en Wetenschap on Vimeo.
According to Adweek, DDB Brussels purchased Google Ads for symptoms that users commonly plugged in to the search engine. Because of that, the first result will now read: "Don't Google it, check a reliable source." The ailing Googler will be directed to the gezondheid en wetenschap Web site (Dutch for "Health and Science").
It's worth noting that Google is also testing out the symptom-checking business, experimenting with a video chat feature for medical advice.
We've reached out to DDB Brussels, but haven't yet heard back. We'll update this post if we do.
Every Sunday up until the start of the NFL Draft on May 8, a different position of the draft will be analyzed with the help of three of the NFL's top talent evaluators: a scout for a NFC team, an executive in personnel from an AFC team and a scouting director from a NFC team who have all been a part of Super Bowl winners. These aren't guys in their basement with a laptop. These are the men who actually make the picks.
“Look it up, just look it up,” the NFC director said his voice becoming incredulous. “How many franchise quarterbacks are there? You have a handful in the league right now, and they expect 4 of 5 to come out of the draft. It's not going to happen; it never does.”
He went on to point out how last year's draft, which saw EJ Manuel going to Buffalo in the first round and Geno Smith to the Jets in the second, featured no franchise quarterbacks.
The year before wasn't bad.
“You had (Andrew) Luck, a true franchise guy,” he said. “(Robert Griffin III), the jury is out. (Russell) Wilson, in the third round, looks like the real deal. (Nick) Foles had a good year; let's see if he can do it again.”
He then points out the quarterback disaster that was the 2011 draft.
“Cam (Newton) was good No. 1,” he said. “Then three other guys went who all stink (Jake Locker, eighth to Tennessee; Blaine Gabbert, 10th to Jacksonville and Christian Ponder, 12th to Minnesota), and then San Francisco got Kap (Colin Kaepernick) in the second.
“Go all the way back to 1999 when the Eagles took Donovan (McNabb). You had five quarterbacks in the first 12 picks, and Donovan was the best; (Daunte) Culpepper had a few good years, and the rest (Tim Couch, Akili Smith, Cade McNown) stunk.
“So people ask about this year's draft. It's a typical quarterback draft. You might have one or two good ones, and the rest will be busts.”
Here are a look at the possibilities ranked in order of how are three wise men see them.
• Teddy Bridgewater, 6-foot-2, 214 pounds, University of Louisville
“He's not elite, but he's good. He's got a good arm, and he's a good leader,” the AFC executive said.
“I have him at the top,” the NFC personnel man said. “He's dependable; he's consistent; he's proven he can make plays. He's pretty much a safe pick.
“He's the most ready to come in and play right now,” the NFC scout said.
• Johnny Manziel, 5-11½, 210, Texas A&M
“I love him; I really do,” the NFC personnel man said. “But can you hand him the keys to the franchise? Can you put the franchise in his hands? I'd be a little scared of that.”
“Hit or miss? What are they talking about? He's a better passer and has a better arm than the guy who just won the Super Bowl,” the AFC executive said. “Does he have a gun? No. But his arm is good enough,”
“I don't know,” the NFC scout said. “He has all the glitz and glamour. But if you take him, you better take Mike Evans, because all he did was throw the ball up there, and Evans went up and got it. He's very risky.”
• Jimmy Garoppolo, 6-2, 226, Eastern Illinois
“Same school as Tony Romo,” the AFC executive said. “He's got great feet and a quick release. He doesn't have a great arm, but he's very accurate.”
“He'll go later than some of the others,” the NFC personnel man said. “But he's going to be better than the others.”
“Somebody is going to take him, probably in the second round,” the NFC scout said, “and they could be getting the next Kaepernick.”
• Blake Bortles, 6-3, 232, Central Florida
“Good athlete, with good size and an above-average arm,” the AFC executive said. “I like him, but I don't love him.”
“He's not a franchise guy,” the NFC personnel man said. “He's not real accurate. I'm not sold on him.”
“Physically, he looks the best,” the NFC scout said, “if that's what you're looking for.”
• Derek Carr, 6-2, 215, Fresno State
“He's a system guy; that's it,” the NFC personnel man said. “No, he's not as good as is brother (David, a No. 1 pick of Houston in 2002).”
“He's tougher than his brother,” the AFC executive said. “He can be a starter in the league.”
“Not bad,” the NFC scout said. “But not as good as his brother.”
• A.J. McCarron, 6-3, 214, Alabama
“He's OK,” the NFC scout said. “He's not what (Nick) Saban is saying about him. And there are some questions about him, too.”
“He'll look good holding the clipboard for you,” the NFC personnel man said. “But when he has to play, he can't.”
“He won a lot of games; I'll say that,” the AFC executive said. “But I don't see him as a starter.”
• David Fales, 6-1, 220, San Jose State
“Dink-and-dunk kind of guy,” the NFC personnel man said. “Not my kind of quarterback.”
“He's an OK back-up type, if you could get him later,” the NFC scout said.
“Played great in that last game (beating Carr and Fresno), then hurt himself with a poor showing in the Senior Bowl,” the AFC executive said.
• Zach Mettenberger, 6-5, 235, LSU
“That knee (he suffered a torn ACL on Nov. 29) is going to be a problem,” the AFC executive said. “I'm not sure where he is going to go.”
“He's got a really strong arm,” the NFC personnel man said. “You just don't know where the ball is going.”
WHAT THE LOCAL TEAMS MIGHT DO
Eagles: If Mike Vick leaves as a free agent, the Eagles could dip into the QB pool again on Day Three.
Giants: If the right guy is there, the Giants could spend a second-day pick on a QB.
Jets: They have their young guy in Smith. What they need is a veteran. Sign Vick already.
Contact Mark Eckel at meckel@njtimes.com
On mobile or desktop:
• Like Times of Trenton Sports on Facebook
• Follow @TimesofTrenton on Twitter
CHENNAI: Kauvery Hospital on Friday launched an initiative to facilitate 100 heart surgeries every year for children below the poverty line who are suffering from heart ailments for free.The hospital has partnered with Madras Anchorage Round Table 100 which will be funding this initiative for the next ten years and actor Vishal inaugurated the event.As many as 32 children have already availed this service including babies who are just two months old.Their families are primarily daily wage earners including farms hands from across Tamil Nadu . The hospital identifies deserving families for this initiative through medical camps which they conduct across districts and public too can approach the hospital located in Mylaore directly for diagnosis and free surgeries.Children with congenital heart problems and other heart ailments can live a good quality of life in the society after treatments, said senior paediatric interventional cardiologist, Prem Sekar.“Every year, 2500-3000 open-heart surgeries are performed in India which is not adequate compared to the number of children with ailments who are waiting,” said Sekar.“This is because most parents are unaware of the health issues, they are not diagnosed and many believe surgeries are risky and that myth needs to be broken.”The doctor added that among the 2.8 crore deliveries per year in the country, 1,80,000 are born with heart problems of which 60,000-90,000 newborns will need immediate attention within the first year or month of their birth.
Israel announced on Thursday the initiation of a municipal plan that would retroactively legitimize structures in one of the largest West Bank settlements, and which were built on private Palestinian land.
There are three kinds of land in Ofra, the West Bank's largest settlement: The settlement's original tract of land; land expropriated by the Jordanians; and land expropriated by Israel, which designated exclusively for the construction of public structures.
Construction in Ofra, June 16, 2011. Gili Magen-Cohen
Over 58% of Ofra's structures are built on private Palestinian land, a fact which has delayed potential construction plans.
However, in an attempt to allow further construction in Ofra, the state told the High Court of Justice on Thursday that it was drafting a jurisdiction plan for Ofra, the legal significance of which would be the retroactive approval of past construction plans, even on private Palestinian land.
The plan has another objective, which is the following of a 2005 state report, according to which constructions plans would be approved in settlements only if they possess a defined jurisdiction.
Israel's announcement came during a High Court hearing of an appeal made by the residents of nearby Palestinian villages against any new construction in the lands originally appropriated by Jordan.
In response, the state said that the building would indeed be approved, but that any construction would cease for the time being.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Dror Etkes, who has been aiding the Palestinian families in their legal battle against further construction on private lands, said that the move "at once cleared the smoke screen that the settlers and the state have been trying to keep for years in regards to the land on which Ofra was founded."
"It's clear that out of the thousands of dunams the settlers took control of, only a few dozen were actually purchased. The rest was just looted from their owners," Etkes added.
Though rumored for quite some time, scientists have officially reported the existence of maned female lions and have documented their more typically male behavior.
Geoffrey D. Gilfillan of the University of Sussex in Falmer, UK, and colleagues have observed maned five lionesses at the Moremi Game Reserve in Botswana's Okavango delta. He and his teammates reported their findings in the African Journal of Ecology.
In males, long manes help attract females (they're thought to indicate sexual health). Males also tend to mark their territory and roar more frequently. But this small set of Botswanan female lions took on some of these characteristically male behaviors—they even mounted other females. Gilfillan focused on one lion in particular, SaF05, which he's been observing since 2014.
The team says that these lions' manes are likely the result of high testosterone levels. Here's Karl Gruber, reporting for New Scientist:
Ottawa Senators general manager Pierre Dorion appears ready to shake things up.
With his team 14 points out of a playoff spot, Dorion is reportedly willing to discuss trading any player on his roster except Erik Karlsson and Mark Stone, according to Bruce Garrioch of Postmedia.
Garrioch adds:
League sources indicated Wednesday the most popular Senators players if Dorion wanted to trade remained the likes of winger Mike Hoffman, centres Derick Brassard and Jean-Gabriel Pageau and defenceman Cody Ceci.
Several teams are believed to be interested in Hoffman, with the St. Louis Blues reportedly emerging as the most serious suitors.
Karlsson can become an unrestricted free agent in 2019, and his availability may change if it appears less likely he re-signs with the team.
One name that's not mentioned in the list of players who are off-limits is Matt Duchene, who was acquired in a blockbuster trade earlier this season and is also set to reach UFA status in 2019.
Donald Trump, or more specifically what he represents, calls some of these assumptions into question. Trump himself isn't quite an Islamist, but he is a proponent of a kind of “illiberal democracy,” even if he himself may not be familiar with the term. Drawing on a wellspring of white nativism and machismo, candidate Trump has regularly made demeaning statements about entire groups of people, including African-Americans, Mexicans, and women. His commitment to the protections enshrined in U.S. constitution are questionable, at best, and if we assume the worst, downright frightening (the difficulty with Trump is that he's not precise with words, so it's sometimes hard to make sense of what he's saying). He has expressed support for registering Muslims in a database, elaborating that they could “sign up at different places.” When a reporter asked how this was different from requiring Jews to register in Nazi Germany, Trump said “you tell me,” prompting The Atlantic's David Graham to note that “it's hard to remember a time when a supposedly mainstream candidate had no interest in differentiating ideas he's endorsed from those of the Nazis.” Trump, for good measure, has also refused to disavow President Franklin D. Roosevelt's internment of Japanese-Americans.
When the stakes are high, there is more to lose, and if there is more to lose, those on the losing end of a ballot box have powerful incentives to play “spoiler.” Fortunately, in the post-Civil War United States, the stakes have never reached what political scientist Barry Weingast calls the “threshold” at which citizens decide to defend themselves through extra-constitutional means, including by appealing for the military to take sides. This, in part, is why (good) constitutions are so important: They lower the stakes, reassuring citizens that even if their preferred party loses the election, it's still just that — an election.
The U.S. Constitution includes robust civil-liberties protections, enshrined in the Bill of Rights. But these protections are not unlimited. Contrary to popular belief, majorities — if they're large enough — can, in fact, do nearly anything they want, even in established democracies. It's only really a question of how high the majoritarian bar is. In the United States, two-thirds of Congress and 75 percent of the states can amend or repeal articles of the Constitution. They could theoretically pass a constitutional amendment banning abortion. In countries like Egypt, Tunisia, and Turkey, where alcohol is currently legal and relatively easy to find, the issue of alcohol consumption is a touchstone for endless “what if” hypothesizing. Yet, Prohibition happened not in any of those countries but in America, with large majorities in the Senate and House of Representatives as well as 46 of 48 states backing the 18th Amendment (of course, banning alcohol in the U.S. wasn't justified on primarily scriptural grounds, while in Muslim-majority countries, prohibition is seen as fulfilling an explicitly Quranic directive).
In other words, built-in constraints and constitutional “guarantees” aren't enough on their own to preclude illiberal outcomes. What Americans really depend on, then, is a shared political culture and the ideas and ideals that undergird it. As James Fallows notes, “Liberal democracies like ours depend on rules but also on norms — on the assumption that you'll go so far, but no further, to advance your political ends.” But all it apparently takes is one man with charisma and an unusually perceptive understanding of the human psyche to change that. There are norms against politicians suggesting that minorities should have special identification cards. There are norms against saying you want to kill the families of terrorists. There are norms against encouraging your supporters to use violence against their political opponents. It's not entirely clear why you don't do or say these things (because Trump clearly has), but you just don't. The very fact that Trump has made such frightening comments on national television — without any corresponding “disqualification” or decline in popular support — has already undermined these longstanding norms.
The United States has had demagogues before, but they rarely make for viable presidential candidates. This is democracy's blessing as well as its curse: that people you really don't like — people who you think might threaten the Republic — can actually win. In the specific context of the Republican nomination, Trump opponents basically called for prioritizing good outcomes over democratic ones. They continued to search for possible paths to denying Trump the nomination, despite the fact that, barring acts of God, he was certain to win the popular vote and a plurality of delegates in the primaries.
Even if Trump reached the magic number of 1,237 delegates, which would normally settle the matter, there were those who still seemed intent on scouring the rulebooks, parliamentary procedure, and delegate details in the hope of averting disaster. Democratic norms, the thinking goes, are great in normal contexts, but sometimes the stakes are simply too high to let democratic outcomes stand. As the columnist Walter Shapiro wrote, “[W]ith the threat of the first takeover of a modern political party by an authoritarian who traffics in racism and exudes contempt for the First Amendment … [t]here would be nothing anti-democratic about GOP leaders using every mechanism in their power to stop Trump.” Nate Silver pointed out that “technically [Republicans would] be able to deny Trump the nomination even if he had a delegate majority by changing the rules at the last minute.” They could still theoretically do something like this, even after Trump's decisive victory in Indiana. The Republican Party is not a country, and the party can disregard the preferences of primary voters if it so chooses, but elite pacts and back-room negotiations would seem decidedly antiquated during an unusually populist moment in American politics.
“ [T]here will no doubt be a temptation to defy or otherwise undermine a democratically elected Trump.”
This particular debate in some ways mirrors arguments over the tensions between democracy and liberalism, a debate that will only intensify if Trump gains ground on Hillary Clinton in the coming months. It is probably time to err on the side of imagination, since party elites and pundits failed to imagine the unthinkable once already. What if Trump actually wins the presidency? How would we as Americans deal with an outcome that at least some of us see as a potential danger to our Constitution as well as our livelihoods?
Bookies Odds For Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 1
The purpose of this article is to analyse the bookies odds for Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 1 in order to give an unbiased opinion. We're going to take a look at each team's implied chance to keep a clean sheet and to score in their opening matches.
To accompany the odds, jamieFPL has provided his insight on predicted lineups for Gameweek 1 as well as an array of player tips for both Fantasy Premier League and Daily Fantasy Football.
Clean Sheet Odds
Team Clean Sheet Odds Implied Chance Man City 1.80 55.56% Crystal Palace 2.15 46.51% Leicester 2.30 43.48% Southampton 2.30 43.48% Chelsea 2.37 42.19% Man United 2.37 42.19% Middlesbrough 2.50 40.00% Burnley 2.75 36.36% Tottenham 3.00 33.33% Swansea 3.10 32.26% Stoke 3.25 30.77% Arsenal 3.25 30.77% West Brom 3.50 28.57% Everton 3.50 28.57% Hull 4.00 25.00% Liverpool 4.00 25.00% Bournemouth 4.33 23.09% Watford 4.50 22.22% West Ham 5.50 18.18% Sunderland 10.00 10.00%
Manchester City are the runaway favourites to keep a clean sheet as they host Sunderland at the Etihad. David Moyes has failed to strengthen the attack that was left to him from Big Sam which has resulted in them having the lowest implied chance to find the net this weekend.
John Stones is set to partner up alongside Nicolás Otamendi, with Gael Clichy & Pablo Zabaleta occupying the full-back positions with Joe Hart in goal. Vincent Kompany has been ruled out injured whilst Bacary Sagna is doubtful due to being granted an extended rest following his Euro 2016 campaign with finalists France.
Crystal Palace are the bookies second favourite as they host West Brom in what looks set to be a narrow home win. The Baggies struggled in front of goal last season and were more known for their tight defensive displays.
Whether Steve Mandanda will be given his debut or Wayne Hennessey will remain between the sticks is still unknown. The back four is likely to remain unchanged from last season with Damien Delaney partnering Scott Dann, and Joel Ward & Pape Souare on the flanks.
Leicester and Southampton tie for third place as the bookies estimate that both have a 43.48% chance of a shutout in Gameweek 1. The titleholders travel to the rebranded KCOM Stadium to take on newly promoted Hull City who are currently undergoing a time of unrest.
Kasper Schmeichel looks set to start between the sticks for Leicester after fending off several transfer rumours during the summer. Christian Fuchs, Danny Simpson & Wes Morgan remain at the heart of the league winning defence with summer signing Luis Hernandez covering for suspended Robert Huth.
Southampton rank highly in the table considering the uncertainties surrounding their Gameweek 1 defensive lineup. The Saints host Watford at Saint Mary's but could be without Cedric Soares and Jose Fonte (resting after Euro 2016), as well as Ryan Bertrand & Virgil Van Dijk through injury – though the latter is expected to start.
Fraser Forster will start in goal after proving a safe pair of hands last season. Matt Targett or Jérémy Pied will cover for Bertrand at left-back, Cedric or Martina will start on the right and Van Dijk will be accompanied by either Jose Fonte or Maya Yoshida in the middle.
Chelsea & Man United have both been given a 42.19% chance of shutting out their opposition. Chelsea have managed a clean sheet in four of their last six matches against London rivals West Ham, whilst Man United face Bournemouth who they failed to contain last season on both occasions.
Chelsea are expected to field the same defence as last year with Courtois in goal and Azpilicueta, Ivanovic, Terry & Cahill at the back. United are expected to line up with De Gea in goal and Shaw, Valencia, Bailley & Blind making up the back four.
Elsewhere, newly promoted Middlesbrough and Burnley rank in the top half of the bookies prediction table with 40.00% and 36.36% chance of a clean sheet respectively.
Boro will be confident of frustrating an injury plagued Stoke in their opening fixture. They gained promotion thanks to their stubborn defence and will look to take advantage of Jack Butland's absence.
Odds To Score
Team To Score Odds Implied Chance Man City 1.04 96.15% Chelsea 1.12 89.29% Southampton 1.17 85.47% Man United 1.20 83.33% Leicester 1.22 81.97% Arsenal 1.22 81.97% Tottenham 1.28 78.13% Crystal Palace 1.28 78.13% Middlesbrough 1.33 75.19% Liverpool 1.33 75.19% Burnley 1.35 74.07% Everton 1.36 73.53% Swansea 1.40 71.43% Stoke 1.50 66.67% Bournemouth 1.53 65.36% West Ham 1.53 65.36% Hull 1.57 63.69% Watford 1.57 63.69% West Brom 1.65 60.61% Sunderland 1.95 51.28%
Man City have seen over 2.5 goals in their last eight home matches against Sunderland in all competitions, so it comes as no surprise to see them top the table. The bookies imply that they have a 96.15% chance to find the net in Gameweek 1, so some coverage seems logical.
Sergio Aguero is the go-to pick when looking for a City player and it's obvious why. He's averaged 25 goals a season over the last two years and many expect him to continue his goalscoring form again this year.
It's likely that David Silva, Raheem Sterling and Nolito will support Aguero as an attacking midfield trio. All three are capable of providing some returns and taking a punt on one of them wouldn't be a bad idea in a daily fantasy football contest.
Chelsea and Southampton follow narrowly behind as they take on West Ham and Watford respectively. Diego Costa looks like a good differential choice for Gameweek 1, he has low ownership (5.6%) on FPL but showed in their title winning season that he's capable of consistently finding the net, tallying up 20 that campaign.
Eden Hazard will be a popular choice from the midfield after springing back into life at the end of last season and carrying his form through into the Euros. Oscar and Willian provide a budget-friendly alternative for Chelsea midfield coverage.
Nathan Redmond is expected to lead the line alongside Shane Long in Gameweek 1 and could be a shrewd pick as he's listed as a midfielder. Both have impressed during pre-season and can be acquired for a very low price tag. Saints manager Claude Puel even compared Nathan Redmond to Thierry Henry recently!
Man United, Leicester and Arsenal make up the rest of the 80%+ bracket. Zlatan Ibrahimovic is the obvious pick for United but comes at a hefty price. Anthony Martial has slipped under the radar following the arrival of Zlatan and Mkhitaryan, listed as a midfielder and proven in the Premier League, he looks a solid choice as United visit Bournemouth.
Jamie Vardy looks poised to destroy Hull's injury ridden defence in Gameweek 1. Jake Livermore could start at centre-back alongside Curtis Davies – as was the case in the 2-1 pre-season defeat to Torino – which would allow Vardy to utilise his pace and clinical finishing. He's going to be presented with chances and if there's one player who takes them, it's Vardy.
It's still not clear whether Alexis Sanchez or Theo Walcott will start up front for Arsenal in Gameweek 1, but whichever one does provide a great out of position (OOP) option. In the absence of Ozil, Aaron Ramsey will be filling in just behind the striker. After a string of excellent performances at Euro 2016, Ramsey will no doubt be keen to carry his form over to the Premier League.
In contrast, Liverpool have been handed a 75.19% implied chance of finding the net versus The Gunners. With regular centre-backs Laurent Koscielny, Per Mertesacker and Gabriel ruled out, Arsenal will turn to youth in the form of Callum Chambers and new signing Rob Holding to plug the gaps.
With this in mind, it could be a smart decision to back the likes of Roberto Firmino, who scored three times during pre-season and might occupy the striker role, the in-form Saido Mane who netted twice against Barcelona last week and the ever-dangerous Philippe Coutinho.
Image caption The woman was taken to hospital but suffered no serious injuries
Dozens of Japanese commuters worked together to help a woman who fell between the platform and the train during rush hour in Tokyo.
The unidentified woman, in her 30s, slipped into the gap at Minami-Urawa station, north of Tokyo, on Monday morning, as she got off the train.
Station officials asked commuters to help tilt the carriage so that the trapped woman could be freed.
The woman was pulled from the gap and had no major injuries.
A photographer from Japan's Yomiuri newspaper captured the image of the passengers in action, who applauded when the woman was freed.
The train carriage was able to tilt because of its suspension system, the paper reported.
The train was sent on its way after a delay of just eight minutes, the paper said.
Using data captured by the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) ALMA in Chile and the ROSINA instrument on ESA's Rosetta mission, an international team of astronomers including scientists from Harvard University, the University of Cologne, the University of Copenhagen in Denmark, and others, has found faint traces of the chemical compound Freon-40 (CH3Cl), an organohalogen, around both an infant star and a comet in our solar system. This is the first detection ever of a saturated organohalogen in interstellar space. This result has now been published in the journal Nature Astronomy.
Freon-40 is formed by organic processes on Earth, so it has been considered as a marker of extraterrestrial life. But since this is the first ever detection of a saturated organohalogen in interstellar space, it may not be as good marker of life as had been hoped. This discovery of Freon-40 in places that must predate the origin of life can thus be seen as a disappointment. However, organohalogens may be significant components of the material from which planets form. This result underscores the challenge of finding molecules that could indicate the presence of life beyond Earth.
Exoplanet research has gone beyond the point of finding planets - more than 3,000 exoplanets are now known - to looking for chemical markers that might indicate the potential presence of life. A vital step is determining which molecules could indicate life, but establishing reliable markers remains a tricky process.
Freon-40 is also known as methyl chloride and chloromethane, and was detected around both the infant star system IRAS 16293-2422 [1], about 400 light-years away, and the famous comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko (67P/C-G). Organohalogens consist of halogens such as chlorine and fluorine, bonded with carbon and sometimes other elements. On Earth, methyl chloride is created by biological processes - in organisms ranging from humans to fungi - as well as by industrial processes such as the production of dyes and medical drugs. 'Finding Freon-40 near these young, Sun-like stars was surprising', said Edith Fayolle, a researcher with the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and lead author of the new paper. 'We did not predict its formation and were surprised to find it in such significant concentrations. It has now become clear that these molecules form readily in stellar nurseries, providing insights into the chemical evolution of planetary systems.'
The discovery of organohalogens in the interstellar medium also tells the researchers something about the starting conditions for organic chemistry on planets. Such chemistry is an important step toward the origins of life. Organohalogens, the findings suggest, are likely to be a constituent of the so-called 'primordial soup' - both on the young Earth and on nascent rocky exoplanets.
Thus, rather than indicating the presence of existing life, organohalogens may be an important element in the little-understood chemistry involved in the origin of life. Co-author Jes Joergensen from the Niels Bohr Institute at University of Copenhagen adds: 'This result shows the power of ALMA to detect molecules of astrobiological interest toward young stars on scales where planets may be forming. Using ALMA, we have previously found precursors to sugars and amino acids around different stars. The additional discovery of Freon-40 around Comet 67P/C-G strengthens the links between the pre-biological chemistry of distant protostars and our own Solar System.' Holger Mueller, a spectroscopist at the University of Cologne's Institute of Physics I and a co-author of the study, says: 'The identification of molecules in space usually relies on laboratory studies of these molecules.' He maintains the Cologne Database for Molecular Spectroscopy, CDMS, an important repository of data to identify interstellar molecules. He helped to identify the compound's spectral fingerprints, and thus to verify their occurrences in outer space.
###
Original publication:
Protostellar and Cometary Detections of Organohalogens
Edith C. Fayolle, Karin I. Oeberg, Jes K. Joergensen, Kathrin Altwegg, Hannah Calcutt, Holger S. P. Mueller, Martin Rubin, Matthijs H. D. van der Wiel, Per Bjerkeli, Tyler L. Bourke, Audrey Coutens, Ewine F. van Dishoeck, Maria N. Drozdovskaya, Robin T. Garrod, Niels F. W. Ligterink, Magnus V. Persson, Susanne F. Wampfler, and the ROSINA team Nature Astronomy 1, 703-708 (2017)
http://dx. doi. org/ 10.1038/s41550-017-0237-7
Further information:
The Cologne Database for Molecular Spectroscopy http://www. astro. uni-koeln. de/ cdms/
The Cologne Laboratory Astrophysics Group http://www. astro. uni-koeln. de/ labastro
The PILS project web-site http://youngstars. nbi. dk/ PILS/ index. html
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LANCASTER, Pa.-- Lancaster EMS had a busy weekend beyond car crashes and heart attacks.
Crews responded to nearly 75 drug overdose cases over a three-day period.
Lancaster County officials not only say it's an unprecedented number of overdose calls, but that these cases involve more than just heroin.
Ninety percent of the calls came from Lancaster City.
The number of cases continues to climb. As of Monday afternoon, there were more than a dozen additional calls.
There were 74 calls in 72 hours, and counting. That was the number of overdose cases Lancaster EMS responded to throughout the weekend.
Lancaster EMS director of operations Jerry Schramm said "this weekend's certainly been taxing, a number of overdoses, more than we've ever seen, at least in my 20 years of experience. We've certainly had our surges of overdoses but this is by far one of the worst."
Lancaster County District Attorney Craig Steadman said "you have over 70 calls for a three day period. We're a big county, we're not that big. That's an incredible number,"
It's a number that shows this is more than just a case of the opioid crisis getting out of hand.
"There's a heroin epidemic, there's speculation that when heroin is in short supply K2 is taking a bit of a more precedence, there is a lot of K2, most of the overdoses we've had have been K2," Schramm said.
"There are other drugs out there, and synthetic drugs, and there's going to be more tomorrow. There's a market for it, and as long as there's a market for it, people are going to continue to develop drugs like K2," Stedman said.
Jerry Schramm/director of operations, Lancaster EMS: we try our hardest to get a handle on the heroin epidemic, which obvious everyone can empathize that that's difficult in itself, then add dynamics like K2, and it almost seems like a never ending battle," Schramm said.
Meanwhile, Schramm worries about the safety of his patients as much as his crews.
"We've had K2 patients that are combative, where you may have to sedate them at times, restrain them, just to protect the crews and other times where they could have respiratory depression similar to an opioid overdose where you would administer Narcan," Schramm said.
"We have our street supervisor going out as a second set of hands in most cases, just so we have not only an increase set of hands, but also another paramedic on scene that has the ability to manage patients and help manage patients," Schramm added.
Recently, one Ohio sheriff reportedly said that his officers will no longer carry the overdose antidote Narcan, citing it's too taxing to taxpayers.
"I think it's easier for the public, I think it's easier for government officials, for everybody to make the investment if they know that there's a treatment aspect, we're trying to get the person out of that cycle," Stedman said.
"We're here to help everyone, no matter the need, we're out there for the person having chest pain and a heart attack, just as much as we are for the person overdosing, so we're there to help people, that's what we do," Schramm said.
With 15 units, it can be difficult for crews to keep up when calls for overdoses average more than one an hour.
"We've been on scene with multiple patients, that taxes our crews even further where it's multiple units on scene," Schramm said.
Officials speculate a local bad batch of K2 may have caused the spike in overdoses.
Complicating matters is that Narcan is used to treat heroin overdoses, but it doesn't work on K2.
Treatment for K2 depends upon the symptoms of the patient.
A rising star in the National Basketball Association is in search of the perfect balance of mind, body and soul. Colin Resch reports. (Published Tuesday, Aug. 22, 2017)
A rising star in the National Basketball Association is in search of the perfect balance of mind, body and soul.
Aaron Gordon of the Orlando Magic, who graduated from San Jose's Archbishop Mitty High School, is behind a new mental training app for athletes.
The 22-year-old Gordon is best known for his epic dunk contest with fellow rising NBA star Zach Lavine in 2016.
Gordon credits his physical success on the basketball court from his mental preparation off of it.
In a meditative state, the former Bay Area high school basketball star can hear it all and see it all.
"There's a presence about it. There's a calming. There's a poise. There's a foundation. There's a reliability on mindfulness that I'd like to carry with me," Gordon said. "I'd like people to know that's where my confidence comes from."
And ultimately, Gordon said he "would love to be known as a mindful athlete."
If he is not there already, Gordon certainly is well on his way.
Mental skills coach Graham Betchart first met Gordon when he was 11. He started mentoring at 13.
"Working with him he's the greatest student I've ever worked with," Betchart said. "I feel like we have a relationship where I'm teaching him, but he also teaches me."
Due to Gordon's schedule both in-season and off-season, Betchart does not see Gordon as often as he used to. But his voice is just a fingertip swipe away thanks to the app.
Betchart and Gordon are also business partners in Lucid, a mental training app for athletes. Gordon is now able to carry Betchart's mindfulness instruction, whever he goes.
A look inside Orlando's locker room pregame and chances are you'll see Gordon on his phone and meditating.
"There are a lot of things you can meditate before the game so when you get to the game, you feel like you've already played," Gordon said. "You feel like you've already won."
But does this all work? Statistically, for Gordon at least, the proof is in the numbers.
Gordon in high school shot 30 percent from the free throw line. Now in the NBA and with his meditating routine, he shoots 70 percent from the free throw line.
"It's not a quick fix. It's not an overnight thing," Gordon said. "So slowly people will see just how good of a basketball player that I am -- how great of a basketball player that I am."
Excerpt: 'Less Than Human'
Less Than Human: Why We Demean, Enslave, and Exterminate Others
By David Livingstone Smith
Hardcover, 336 pages
St. Martin's Press
List price: $24.99
Before I get to work explaining how dehumanization works, I want to make a preliminary case for its importance. So, to get the ball rolling, I'll briefly discuss the role that dehumanization played in what is rightfully considered the single most destructive event in human history: the Second World War. More than seventy million people died in the war, most of them civilians. Millions died in combat. Many were burned alive by incendiary bombs and, in the end, nuclear weapons. Millions more were victims of systematic genocide. Dehumanization made much of this carnage possible.
Let's begin at the end. The 1946 Nuremberg doctors' trial was the first of twelve military tribunals held in Germany after the defeat of Germany and Japan. Twenty doctors and three administrators — twenty-two men and a single woman — stood accused of war crimes and crimes against humanity. They had participated in Hitler's euthanasia program, in which around 200,000 mentally and physically handicapped people deemed unfit to live were gassed to death, and they performed fiendish medical experiments on thousands of Jewish, Russian, Roma and Polish prisoners.
Principal prosecutor Telford Taylor began his opening statement with these somber words:
The defendants in this case are charged with murders, tortures and other atrocities committed in the name of medical science. The victims of these crimes are numbered in the hundreds of thousands. A handful only are still alive; a few of the survivors will appear in this courtroom. But most of these miserable victims were slaughtered outright or died in the course of the tortures to which they were subjected ... To their murderers, these wretched people were not individuals at all. They came in wholesale lots and were treated worse than animals.
He went on to describe the experiments in detail. Some of these human guinea pigs were deprived of oxygen to simulate high altitude parachute jumps. Others were frozen, infested with malaria, or exposed to mustard gas. Doctors made incisions in their flesh to simulate wounds, inserted pieces of broken glass or wood shavings into them, and then, tying off the blood vessels, introduced bacteria to induce gangrene. Taylor described how men and women were made to drink seawater, were infected with typhus and other deadly diseases, were poisoned and burned with phosphorus, and how medical personnel conscientiously recorded their agonized screams and violent convulsions.
The descriptions in Taylor's narrative are so horrifying that it's easy to overlook what might seem like an insignificant rhetorical flourish: his comment that "these wretched people were ... treated worse than animals". But this comment raises a question of deep and fundamental importance. What is it that enables one group of human beings to treat another group as though they were subhuman creatures?
A rough answer isn't hard to come by. Thinking sets the agenda for action, and thinking of humans as less than human paves the way for atrocity. The Nazis were explicit about the status of their victims. They were Untermenschen — subhumans — and as such were excluded from the system of moral rights and obligations that bind humankind together. It's wrong to kill a person, but permissible to exterminate a rat. To the Nazis, all the Jews, Gypsies and others were rats: dangerous, disease-carrying rats.
Jews were the main victims of this genocidal project. From the beginning, Hitler and his followers were convinced that the Jewish people posed a deadly threat to all that was noble in humanity. In the apocalyptic Nazi vision, these putative enemies of civilization were represented as parasitic organisms — as leeches, lice, bacteria, or vectors of contagion. "Today," Hitler proclaimed in 1943, "international Jewry is the ferment of decomposition of peoples and states, just as it was in antiquity. It will remain that way as long as peoples do not find the strength to get rid of the virus." Both the death camps (the gas chambers of which were modeled on delousing chambers) and the Einsatzgruppen (paramilitary death squads that roamed across Eastern Europe followed in the wake of the advancing German army) were responses to what the Nazis perceived to be a lethal pestilence.
Sometimes the Nazis thought of their enemies as vicious, bloodthirsty predators rather than parasites. When partisans in occupied regions of the Soviet Union began to wage a guerilla war against German forces, Walter von Reichenau, the commander-in-chief of the German army, issued an order to inflict a "severe but just retribution upon the Jewish subhuman elements" (the Nazis considered all of their enemies as part of "international Jewry", and were convinced that Jews controlled the national governments of Russia, the United Kingdom, and the United States). Military historian Mary R. Habeck confirms that, "soldiers and officers thought of the Russians and Jews as 'animals' ... that had to perish. Dehumanizing the enemy allowed German soldiers and officers to agree with the Nazis' new vision of warfare, and to fight without granting the Soviets any mercy or quarter."
The Holocaust is the most thoroughly documented example of the ravages of dehumanization. Its hideousness strains the limits of imagination. And yet, focusing on it can be strangely comforting. It's all too easy to imagine that the Third Reich was a bizarre aberration, a kind of mass insanity instigated by a small group of deranged ideologues who conspired to seize political power and bend a nation to their will. Alternatively, it's tempting to imagine that the Germans were (or are) a uniquely cruel and bloodthirsty people. But these diagnoses are dangerously wrong. What's most disturbing about the Nazi phenomenon is not that the Nazis were madmen or monsters. It's that they were ordinary human beings.
When we think of dehumanization during World War II our minds turn to the Holocaust, but it wasn't only the Germans who dehumanized their enemies. While the architects of the Final Solution were busy implementing their lethal program of racial hygiene, the Russian-Jewish poet and novelist Ilya Ehrenburg was churning out propaganda for distribution to Stalin's Red Army. These pamphlets seethed with dehumanizing rhetoric: they spoke of "the smell of Germany's animal breath," and described Germans as "two-legged animals who have mastered the technique of war" — "ersatz men" who ought to be annihilated. "The Germans are not human beings," Ehrenburg wrote, "... If you kill one German, kill another — there is nothing more amusing for us than a heap of German corpses."
This wasn't idle talk. The Wehrmacht had taken the lives of 23 million Soviet citizens, roughly half of them civilians. When the tide of the war finally turned, a torrent of Russian forces poured into Germany from the east, and their inexorable advance became an orgy of rape and murder. "They were certainly egged on by Ehrenburg and other Soviet propagandists..." writes journalist Giles McDonough:
East Prussia was the first German region visited by the Red Army ... In the course of a single night the red army killed seventy-two women and one man. Most of the women had been raped, of whom the oldest was eighty-four. Some of the victims had been crucified ... A witness who made it to the west talked of a poor village girl who was raped by an entire tank squadron from eight in the evening to nine in the morning. One man was shot and fed to the pigs.
Excerpted from Less Than Human by David Livingstone Smith. Copyright 2011 by the author and reprinted by permission of St. Martin's Press, LLC.
“We can see oil running down the road like a river,” explains a Mayflower resident. Crude oil has leaked and this is extremely unfortunate to Mayflower, Arkansas; damaging neighborhoods, and possibly endangering Lake Conrad. The size of the spill remains unclear. Faulkner County Judge Allen Dodson said the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has estimated the spill at 84,000 gallons. The EPA and the Arkansas Department of Emergency Management did not return calls for comment.
Now concerns for all of the heartland are spreading, and the question as to whether this will mean the final death of the Keystone Pipeline is popping up (but is rather a moot point at the moment for Mayflower and surrounding area residents).
Local police said the line gushed oil for 45 minutes before being stopped. The result was so problematic that evacuations took place.
The importance of ongoing issues due to oil leaks and spills is of course a very real issue. Renewable energy industries are ready. They are now cost competitive in with fossil fuels many instances (not even taking the price of pollution into account). With solutions ready, we should be bringing all such potential disasters to a halt, and heeding the educated opposition protesting this toxic mess.
Environmentalists have expressed many concerns about the impact of developing the oil sands and say the crude is more corrosive to pipelines than conventional oil.
On Wednesday, a train carrying Canadian crude derailed in Minnesota, spilling 15,000 gallons of oil.
“Whether it's the proposed Keystone XL pipeline, or … (the) mess in Arkansas, Americans are realizing that transporting large amounts of this corrosive and polluting fuel is a bad deal for American taxpayers and for our environment,” said Representative Ed Markey, a Massachusetts Democrat.
Misinformed Opposition to Canadian Pipelines?
Robert Redford, Bill McKibben, 350.org, and an educated many more have taken nonviolent action and stood firm on their convictions to prevent more damage to America's water and ecosystems. Bill Mckibben, Daryl Hannah and good many others have gone to jail for nonviolent demonstrations in the hopes of preventing this horrible compromise to the environment of America's heartlands. Robert Redford has made videos pleading for environment poise, sanity, and protection from tar sands' massive sludge pit being piped through the heartlands of the country. The opposition assured the public that Redford, McKibben, Hannah, and supporters were misinformed, misleading and striking fear where there was not need to have any. They assured us that we need not worry, the oil will not leak.
Details of the Pipelines
Inside climate news offers more detailed information on the leak:
The 20-inch Pegasus pipeline runs 858 miles from Patoka, Ill. to Nederland, Texas. Engelmann said the line was carrying Wabasca Heavy crude oil from western Canada when it ruptured.
CrudeMonitor.ca, the website of the Canadian Crude Quality Monitoring Program, says Wabasca Heavy is a type of diluted bitumen, or dilbit, from Alberta's tar sands region. The Canadian Crude Quality Monitoring Program an industry source that provides data on different types of Canadian oil.
Judge Allen Dodson said emergency crews led a “monumentally successful” effort to prevent the Exxon spill from entering nearby Lake Conway, a popular recreational area. First responders set up earthen dams to contain the flow of oil, he said, and crews are working to shore up the protections as rains continue to fall and complicate the cleanup operations.
Because dilbit contains bitumen—a type of crude oil that is heavier than most conventional crude oil—it can be harder to clean up when it spills into water. According to Little Rock's KATV, a hazardous materials team from the Office of Emergency Management has contained the spill and is currently attempting a cleanup.
The burst pipe is part of the Pegasus pipeline network, which connects tar sands along the Gulf Coast to refineries in Houston. Thousands of gallons of crude oil erupted from the breach around 3:00 p.m. on Friday, spilling through a housing subdivision and into the town's storm drainage system, fouling drainage ditches and shutting down Highway 365 and Interstate 40. Twenty homes were evacuated, as well portions of the interstate, in order to avoid health hazards from crude oil fumes and to keep stray sparks from igniting the standing oil.
Exxon-Mobil reportedly has a crew investigating the accident. The company released a statement Friday that read, in part: “We are working with emergency responders and local authorities to respond to the incident and are establishing an information line for community support. We regret that this incident occurred, and we apologize for any disruption or inconvenience this caused.”
The Arkansas pipeline has reportedly been shut off.
Sources: 350.org, Reuters, Inside Climate News
Venezuela: Systematic Abuse of Opponents The Venezuelan government has systematically used brutal treatment, including torture, against anti-government protesters and political opponents. (Washington, DC) – The Venezuelan government has systematically used brutal treatment, including torture, against anti-government protesters and political opponents, Human Rights Watch and the Penal Forum, a Venezuelan rights group, said in a report released today.
Crackdown on Dissent Brutality, Torture, and Political Persecution in Venezuela Download the full report in English
Download the full report in English Download the annex of the report
The 62-page report, “Crackdown on Dissent: Brutality, Torture, and Political Persecution in Venezuela,” documents 88 cases involving at least 314 people, many of whom described being subjected to serious human rights violations in Caracas and 13 states between April and September 2017. Security force personnel beat detainees severely and tortured them with electric shocks, asphyxiation, sexual assault, and other brutal techniques. Security forces also used disproportionate force and carried out violent abuses against people in the streets, and arbitrarily arrested and prosecuted government opponents. While it was not the first crackdown on dissent under Maduro, the scope and severity of the repression in 2017 reached levels unseen in Venezuela in recent memory.
“The widespread vicious abuses against government opponents in Venezuela, including egregious cases of torture, and the absolute impunity for the attackers suggests government responsibility at the highest levels,” said José Miguel Vivanco, Americas director at Human Rights Watch. “These are not isolated abuses or occasional excesses by rogue officers but rather a systematic practice by Venezuelan security forces.”
The findings are based on interviews with more than 120 people, including victims and their families, lawyers affiliated with the Penal Forum who were present at judicial hearings, and medical professionals who attended to people injured at or near demonstrations. We also examined available corroborating evidence, including photographs, video footage, medical reports, and judicial rulings, and reviewed government reports and official statements.
In some cases, security forces detonated teargas canisters in closed environments where detainees were being held, kept detainees crowded into small confinement cells for prolonged periods, and denied detainees access to food or water – or forced them to eat food that was deliberately tainted with excrement, cigarette ashes, or insects.
In several cases, detainees were physically and psychologically abused, apparently either to punish them or to force them to incriminate themselves or others, including opposition leaders. The nature and timing of many of the abuses – as well as the frequent use of political epithets by the abusers – suggests that their aim was not to enforce the law or disperse protests but rather to punish people for their perceived political views, Human Rights Watch and the Penal Forum said.
In April 2017, tens of thousands of people took to the streets in Venezuela to protest against the government-controlled Supreme Court's attempt to usurp the powers of the country's legislative branch. Demonstrations quickly spread throughout the country and continued for months, fueled by widespread discontent with the authoritarian practices of President Nicolás Maduro and the humanitarian crisis that has devastated the country under his watch. The government responded with widespread violence and brutality against anti-government protesters and detainees, and has denied detainees' due process rights. While it was not the first crackdown on dissent under Maduro, the scope and severity of the repression in 2017 reached levels unseen in Venezuela in recent memory. The crackdown extended beyond the protests, with government intelligence agents pulling people from their homes or detaining them on the streets even when no demonstrations were taking place. Many of those detained in such cases were political opponents of the government, including lesser-known activists, or people whom the government said had links to the political opposition.
“It's no longer only about political leaders, it's no longer about public figures, it's just regular citizens – it was me,” said Ernesto Martin (pseudonym), 34, who was detained in his home for publicly criticizing the government, and tortured to confess to alleged links to the political opposition.
Despite the overwhelming evidence of human rights violations, Human Rights Watch and the Penal Forum found no evidence that key high-level officials – including those who knew or should have known about the abuses – have taken any steps to prevent and punish violations. On the contrary, they have often downplayed the abuses or issued implausible, blanket denials.
Solidarity with the Venezuelan People #TodosConVenezuela: Venezuela is facing a heartbreaking human rights and humanitarian crisis that President Maduro's administration denies is happening. April 19 marks the one-year anniversary of the first mass protest that was brutally repressed. Please help us show support for the Venezuelan people. ACT NOW
In April, tens of thousands of protesters took to the streets in Venezuela. The spark was a move by Venezuela's Supreme Court, which is entirely subservient to the presidency, to usurp the powers of the country's legislative branch after opposition parties had won control of it in elections. Demonstrations quickly spread throughout the country and continued for months, fuelled by broader discontent with the authoritarian practices of President Nicolás Maduro and the humanitarian crisis that has devastated the country under his watch.
The abuses on the streets have dwindled since July only because there are fewer protests, but the government has given no indication that it intends to stop its brutal repression of opponents, let alone hold officials accountable for the widespread violations that occurred.
The Venezuelan government has characterized protests throughout the country as violent. There have been documented instances in which some protesters have used violence, including throwing rocks and Molotov cocktails at security forces. However, the brutal abuses documented were not part of an effort to suppress violent demonstrations. Instead, the atrocities were inflicted on people in custody or otherwise under the control of security force personnel, or consisted of disproportionate violence and deliberate abuse against people at protests, in the streets, and even in their homes.
Security forces and armed pro-government groups, called “colectivos” in Venezuela, have caused dozens of deaths and hundreds of injuries. In many cases, they have shot water cannons, teargas, and pellets at close range, in ways apparently intended to inflict painful injuries.
“Authorities have detained at least 5,400 people since April,” said Alfredo Romero, Penal Forum director. “Some detainees were released without being brought before a judge, but others were subject to arbitrary prosecutions that lacked the most basic due-process guarantees.”
At least 757 civilians were prosecuted in military courts for crimes including treason and rebellion, in circumstances that violate international law.
Governments throughout the region – and beyond – have condemned the Venezuelan government's crackdown on peaceful expression and protest. It is urgent to redouble multilateral pressure on the Venezuelan government to release people arbitrarily detained, drop charges in politically motivated prosecutions, and hold those responsible for human rights violations accountable.
Prior to the report's release, Human Rights Watch and the Penal Forum shared their findings with the Office of the Prosecutor at the International Criminal Court and with OAS Secretary General Luis Almagro, who is closely monitoring the human rights situation in the country.
“High-level Venezuelan officials bear responsibility for the pervasive, serious abuses being committed on their watch,” Vivanco said. “Key international leaders should send them a clear-cut message: if the Venezuelan government proves unable or unwilling to hold security forces accountable at home for the abuses, the international community will push for accountability abroad.”
For selected cases, please see below.
Selected Cases of Security Force Abuse
Ernesto Martin (pseudonym) (34), Caracas. In April, intelligence agents arrested Martin after he publicly criticized the government. He said officers handcuffed his hands and ankles, hanged him from the ceiling, and gave him electric shocks while they asked him about his links to the opposition. He said he was beaten and threatened with death. For weeks, Martin was not allowed to see his family, his lawyer, or a judge. He was released after being told he could not discuss politics through his social networks. Martin fled the country.
Alejandro Pérez Castilla (pseudonym) (32), Carabobo state. On July 26, agents from the Bolivarian National Guard (Guardia Nacional Bolivariana, GNB) detained Pérez during a demonstration. He said they threw him inside an armored vehicle, where they beat him for hours, walked on his fingers, pressed his face toward one of the guards' genitals, and threatened to rape his daughter. While in detention, he said, agents rubbed teargas powder on his face and in his eyes, nose, and his wounds from birdshot fired by security forces during the demonstration. He said guards beat him while he was hanging by his handcuffed wrists from the cage of an air-conditioner, barely able to touch the floor. He said that they later forced him to sit handcuffed to a metal bench and used a stun gun on his calf. He said agents also detonated a teargas canister inside his small cell, then closed the door.
Orlando Moreno (26), Monagas state. On June 27, Monagas state police detained Moreno as he was leaving an anti-government demonstration. He said that, while he was in detention, GNB agents hanged him from an elevated water tank, his feet barely touching the floor, and beat him repeatedly to try to force him to film a video blaming opposition leaders, including María Corina Machado – the head of the party he represented in Monagas – for financing the protests.
Armando López Carrera (pseudonym) (17), Carabobo state. López said that, on July 20, GNB personnel arrested him during a confrontation between protesters and security forces. He said that during his detention, agents forced him to walk while squatting, hit him with sticks, cut his hair, beat him, forced him to do military training exercises, and made him bend over and bear his weight on his feet and head – without using his hands – for about five minutes. He said he was held in an overcrowded punishment cell for several days.
Reny Elías (35), Zulia state. On July 20, agents of the Bolivarian National Police (Policía Nacional Bolivariana¸PNB) arrested Elías at home, without a warrant, beating him with shields and helmets, Elías said, as they dragged him out of the house by his hair. While in detention, he said, agents beat him with rifle butts and helmets, forced him to lie down on the floor and walked on his back, and poured water and teargas powder on his face. He said he witnessed another male detainee being raped with a broomstick, and fema
The fifth heart-pounding installment in the action-packed sci-fi comedy-adventure franchise, Tremors 5 began principal photography in South Africa on September 22, Bloody Disgusting learned.
With even more deadly creatures on the loose, Tremors 5 continues the films' hallmark combination of adrenaline-laced suspense, explosive action and tongue-in-cheek humor. As previously reported, Michael Gross returns for his fifth appearance in the Tremors films alongside new cast member, Scream film series star Jamie Kennedy in this original release from Universal 1440 Entertainment, a production entity of Universal Pictures Home Entertainment.
Tremors 5 will be released on Blu-Ray Hi-Def, DVD and Digital HD in 2016.
“The theatrical release of the original Tremors in 1990 combined suspense-filled action, sci-fi imagination and witty humor in the tale of a tiny Nevada town terrorized by giant man-eating worms known as Graboids. The Graboids eventually morphed into even more deadly creatures known as Ass Blasters. In this all-new adventure that travels halfway around the world to South Africa, the Graboids and the Ass Blasters are not only bigger and badder but Tremors 5 introduces an additional unexpected surprise that raises the stakes in the battle for survival.“
“The Tremors franchise has built a reputation for high intensity fun and suspense and this installment takes it to a whole new level,” said Glenn Ross, General Manager and Executive Vice President, Universal 1440 Entertainment.
Michael Gross (“Anger Management,” “Suits,” “How I Met Your Mother,” “Curb Your Enthusiasm,” “Family Ties,” Tremors franchise) returns as weapons enthusiast and expert subterranean creature hunter Burt Gummer with Jamie Kennedy (“The Cleveland Show,” “Ghost Whisperer,” Scream series) as his new right hand man, tech-savvy Travis. The pair is joined by an international cast as they mount a battle against the deadly creatures that turns out to be far more than they bargained for.
The film is directed by Don Michael Paul (Jarhead 2: Field of Fire, Sniper: Legacy) from a script by John Whelpley (Tremors 3: Back to Perfection) and produced by Ogden Gavanski (The Scorpion King 4: Quest for Fire, Warm Bodies).
Licking County residents could be eating at a Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers close to home by the end of the year.
Licking County residents could be eating at a Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers close to home by the end of the year.
The Louisiana-based fast-food-chicken chain received final approval for its site plan earlier this month from the Heath Planning Commission.
The Heath restaurant will be the first Cane's in Licking County -- and residents have been interested in it for quite a while, city officials said.
"I can tell you that for the past couple years, I've received a number of phone calls from people asking if they're coming to town," said Eddie Hunt, chief of building and zoning for Heath.
The restaurant is expected to open at 781 Hebron Road, the former site of Integrity Auto Service. Plans for the site include demolishing that building, which shut down operations about a month and a half ago, Hunt said, and moved to another location along state Route 79.
Commission members, who approved the plan Sept. 8, spoke in favor of the proposal.
"It's going to be a very nice project and an improvement for the area," said Jeff Crabill, Heath City Council's representative on the planning commission.
Hunt said that aside from a setback reduction and a minor variance for landscaping, no major variances were needed for the location. Unlike Raising Cane's in other locations, this restaurant will have a stucco-like finish, identical to the facade of the Verizon store also on Route 79.
"This stretch of town has a lot of restaurants and various businesses, the project fits right in with the other land uses there," Hunt said.
The restaurant could open by the end of the year, although the plans don't list any specific dates. Representatives of Raising Cane's did not return several phone messages seeking comment for this article.
Hunt said the company is in the process of obtaining zoning permits; once those have been paid for and issued, company officials can acquire their building permit and begin construction.
Raising Cane's was founded by Todd Graves and Craig Silvey in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, in 1996. With a focus on a limited menu and a closely guarded recipe for its signature sauce, the chain opened its 250th location in 2015.
The chain's first Ohio location opened close to the Ohio State University campus in 2004; Raising Cane's now has 15 restaurants in Ohio, mostly gathered around Columbus, but with two locations in Cincinnati.
More information about the company is available online at raisingcanes.com.
editorial@thisweeknews.com
@ThisWeekNews
While Willie O'Ree's NHL career consisted of just 45 games over two seasons, it is the historical impact of his NHL career that has led him to Honoured Member status in the Hockey Hall of Fame.
Born on October 15, 1935 in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Willie O'Ree was a prolific junior scorer with the Kitchener Canucks of the Ontario Hockey Association in 1955-56. The following next season O'Ree joined the Quebec Aces, a senior team affiliated with the NHL's Boston Bruins. Willie tallied 22 times, helping the Aces win the Edinburgh Trophy, awarded to the winners of a series between the senior champions of the Western Hockey League and the Quebec Hockey League.
"When I went to Quebec (Frontenacs of the Quebec Junior Hockey League) the first year (1954-55), Phil Watson was the coach. He said, 'Willie, you know there are no black players in the NHL. You could be the first. You have the skills, you have the ability.' When I went to Kitchener (in 1955-56), (coach) Jack Stewart told me the same thing. When I turned pro with the Quebec Aces (in 1956-57), (general manager) Punch Imlach told me the same thing. It started to register with me. That gave me the extra confidence I needed."
Sure enough, the Boston Bruins summoned Willie O'Ree to Montreal on January 18, 1958 to replace an injured player in that night's contest against the Canadiens, making him the first player of colour to play in the NHL. While breaking the colour barrier in the NHL didn't carry the magnitude that Jackie Robinson's debut with baseball's Brooklyn Dodgers did, nevertheless, it was a historic moment in the game's history.
That stint lasted but two games before O'Ree was returned to the Aces, but on November 18, 1960, Willie was again recalled to the Bruins. He ended up playing 43 games on left wing for Boston that season, scoring four goals and 10 assists.
It was an unenlightened era, and while Willie had endured racial taunts throughout his hockey career, visiting NHL arenas was no different. He was taunted by fans, especially in the United States. Following that season, O'Ree was traded to the Montreal Canadiens. Willie never again played in the NHL, but his playing career would continue in the minors until 1979.
The magnitude of Willie O'Ree's hockey career as a black player cannot be underestimated. The second black player to join the NHL was Mike Marson, and that did not take place until the 1974-75 season with the Washington Capitals. O'Ree's NHL career, albeit brief, opened the door for other players of various races to dream about NHL careers.
While working for a San Diego hotel in 1998, the NHL hired Willie as the Director of Youth Development for its diversity task force. The NHL/USA Hockey Diversity Task Force is a non-profit program that encourages minority youngsters to play hockey. The results are palpable. And in addition, NHL players are now required to enroll in a pre-season diversity training seminar, and race-based verbal abuse is punished through suspensions and fines.
Willie O'Ree's career, including his pioneering NHL breakthrough, has been widely recognized. His hometown of Fredericton added O'Ree to its Sports Wall of Fame in 1992, and in 2008, the city named a new sports complex after him. He was elected to the New Brunswick Sports Hall of Fame in 1984, and in 2005, was named to the Order of New Brunswick. In 2006, O'Ree was added to the Black Ice Hockey and Sports Hall of Fame. He was honoured by the NHL during the 2008 NHL All-Star Game in Atlanta. San Diego State University presented Willie with an award for Outstanding Commitment to Diversity and Cross-Cultural Understanding in 2008. That same year, he was inducted into the San Diego Hall of Champions honouring that city's finest athletes. In 2003, O'Ree received the NHL's Lester Patrick Trophy for his contributions to hockey in the United States. And then, in 2008, Willie O'Ree received the Order of Canada, the highest civilian award given to a Canadian Citizen.
In 2018, the NHL introduced the Willie O'Ree Community Hero Award, presented to the person who best utilizes hockey as a platform for participants to build character and develop important life skills for a more positive family experience.
Have you considered building your own home but balk at the cost of construction? Do you live in an area that will be particularly hard hit by climate change and worry whether your home will survive? If so, you might be interested to learn about Cal-Earth, a group in California that teaches people all over the world how to build disaster-proof earth homes using tools of war such as barbed wire and sandbags. First developed by Iranian architect Nader Khalili, these Superadobe homes are incredibly easy to build, affordable, and they offer great protection against the elements.
Just four years before the 1979 Islamic revolution, Nader Khalili abandoned his career building fancy high rises and other conventional structures and set off into the desert of Iran on a motorbike to learn more about traditional earth construction. He was convinced, according to Cal-Earth, that the only way the world's poor could afford a home was to build with earth and fire.
“After five years studying the traditional desert earth architecture, the first ceramic houses were fired in the villages, fusing the work of the traditional master masons with the ancient art of the potters, which is documented in his book Racing Alone. During these five years of research and “in-search”, Khalili got to know five eternal personalities which become the inspiration in his work and life — earth, water, air, fire, and Rumi whose mystic poetry is infused with the unity of these elements.”
Related: The Solar-powered Groundhouse is a Designer Rammed Earth home in Brittany
Khalili went on to found Cal-Earth, which now teaches his simple Superadobe method to people all over the world. This is how it works, in short, though keep in mind the nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization has patented various designs. For people who want to build their own shelter, it's best to start with a dome with an 8-10 foot interior diameter. Earth is packed into either short or long sandbags that are then stacked in layers or coiled into a dome structure. Barbed wire is used to provide tension, and then the whole thing is patted down with a stabilizer such as cement, lime, or asphalt emulsion. The resulting structure boasts excellent thermal mass that keeps occupants warm in winter and cool in summer. An opening in the roof provides some daylighting, though other cutouts throughout the shelter can provide more.
The gallery of images shows various structures designed by Cal-Earth, including the beautiful Earth One Vaulted House Design, the Eco Dome Moon Cocoon, and the Emergency Shelter village. Here's a pdf version of the group's earth shelter training guide, and courses are available as well for those who want to take self-sufficiency and sustainability to the next level. Next week I'll be attending a combined Superadobe and permaculture course at Cal-Earth and can't wait to share the experience with our readers. For more information, check out the Cal-Earth website. It's full of interesting gems. Meanwhile, I will leave you with this message from Nader Khalili.
“There is a Sustainable Solution to Human Shelter, based on Timeless Materials (earth, water, air and fire) and Timeless Principles (arches, vaults and domes). Every man and woman should be able to build a shelter for his or her family with these universal elements, almost anywhere on the earth and other planets. These principles, interpreted into the simplest form of building technology have created emergency shelter which can become permanent houses, and which have passed strict tests and building codes. Since 1975 we have been dedicated to researching and developing this low-cost, self-help, eco-friendly technology which can resist disasters, and to offer it to humanity. The only missing link is to educate humans how to use these timeless techniques, developed at Cal-Earth Institute, to fit their own culture and environment.”
+ Cal-Earth
All images courtesy Cal-Earth
I have to admit, I wasn't expecting much out of City Quest. It certainly doesn't look like much, and “retro”-styled games are a dime a trillion these days. But I also spied loving odes to the LucasArts and Sierra adventures of yore on its website, so I decided I'd have a go at its free demo anyway. I'm quite happy I did. City Quest is that rare brand of adventure that plumbs the scummiest depths of tastefulness, yet manages to emerge not covered in, well, crap. It's an unrelentingly witty little thing, constantly rewarding exploration and “what if…?” thinking with scrumptious details and rapid-fire joke flurries. They're not all winners, but the hits far outweigh the misses. More info and a trailer after the break.
The basic premise is that you're a naive, not particularly literate hillbilly from the Uncultured Lands trying to make your way in a place that wants to bleed you dry and maybe also steal your cool hat. So you cope by doing old-school adventure-y things – specifically, moving, looking, touching, and talking/eating. All of those options apply to every person and object in the game. Yes, you can probably see where this is going. So many jokes. So many jokes.
I tried to touch everyone. I mean, of course I did. Don't tell me you wouldn't do the same. To my surprise, responses barely ever repeated. Moreover, where I feared grave offense, I was instead rewarded with knowing nods and measured amounts of fourth-wall-shattering. For instance, I was positive that grabbing a random woman at an airport would result in something crass and cheap. To my surprise, however, the game snapped back with “You thrust your hand toward the woman, and without missing a beat, she extends her own to meet you with a nice, platonic handshake.” That's just one of dozens of responses I got to that type of action. Nearly all of them made me chuckle.
That's not to say City Quest is afraid to be crass. The demo's four choice-based story paths (hobo, prostitute, mafioso, and coked-up politician) are all pretty scuzzy. They're essentially the unabashedly exposed plumber butts of modern pop culture jokes. Thing is, City Quest does an excellent job of swerving just when it looks like a gag is going to crash and burn. It's excellent at ramping onto unexpected routes, ones that actually manage to wring some fresh laughs out of old-school adventure tropes.
My only quibble with the portion I played stems from a general lack of challenge or compulsion to move forward. I'm not knocking the game for opting to focus on choice and character interaction over obtuse, chicken-with-a-pulley-in-the-middle-puzzles, but I did eventually get tired of moving between locations and clicking on everything until a few decent jokes fell out. As is, it's a world that rewards exploration and boundary pushing, but asks very little of your brain. I don't want to be figuring stuff out all the time, but maybe every once in a while? I think that'd be nice, if only to vary things up.
You may have noticed that the demo was disarmingly silent. Well, that's part of the reason City Quest is currently on Kickstarter. It has about a week left, and it's at a bit over half of its $8,000 goal. That's hardly anything at all in the grand scheme of crowdfunding drives, so maybe consider chipping in?
Actor Paul Reubens has made no secret about the fact that a new Pee-Wee Herman movie is in the works, and today we're getting a sense of where you'll be able to see it: Netflix. The Wrap reports that the video streaming company is close to sewing up a deal to distribute the upcoming film, which will be produced by Judd Apatow, the comedic mastermind behind The 40-Year-Old Virgin, Knocked Up, Freaks and Geeks, and a slew of other recent films.
Netflix has become an increasingly frequent go-to for filmmakers and projects that can't find support or interest at traditional studios or networks (the new Pee-Wee film was initially set up at Universal). After considerable success with original television programing, the company announced earlier this year that its first original film would be a sequel to Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon that it would release both online and in Imax theaters — though that announcement caused such uproar from theater owners that some refused to play the film outright. It's not clear whether the new Pee-Wee film will be online-only or if Netflix will attempt a theatrical component as well, but the company continues to snap up projects to fill its expanding library of original content with no signs of slowing.
Every once in a while we get to leave the dark and dank depths of the deniersphere to experience the light of day. This was the case last Friday, when we saw the beloved Bill Nye at the Climate Action Summit. Our favorite science guy talked about all things climate, including his recent climate denial beef with our least favorite non-science guy, Marc Morano.
Bill Nye at the Climate Action Summit 2016 in Washington, DC.
During the near-hour long NowThis chat, the interviewer was curious about denial and asked Nye a few questions on it. Nye discussed Heritage Foundation and others that have been funded by fossil fuel companies to “introduce doubt” about the science. Apparently he's now taking a new approach to his science education—instead of talking about the “settled science” he's out to “debunk the denial” that has been “too successful.” He's taking this approach through until November, because “the U.S. president has so much influence.”
Apparently he's going to be dipping his toe into the political conversation, somewhat new ground for the Science Guy. He suggests that after the Republican National Convention, Donald Trump will likely change his mind on climate since denial is such a losing position among the general public. Although Nye did quickly qualify the prediction, noting that given the "crazy things” Trump says, Nye wouldn't be surprised if he stuck with the conspiracy theories (which he later describes as being “lazy” thinking).
Always magnanimous, Nye offered an olive branch to deniers who might be tempted to leave the dark side. Just as former smokers are some of the most fervent anti-tobacco advocates, former deniers could be the strongest voices for climate action.
Nye talked about an optimistic future, where everyone has clean water, ample energy and access to information. When challenged that this was “lofty,” Nye responded with a favorite quote to defend the importance of big ideas: "If we play to win by one run, we're going to lose by one run.” He then continued, mixing his sports metaphors and saying we need to skate deniers off the ice.
While mixed metaphors reinforced the stereotype that nerds don't know sports, at least he didn't call it a "basketball ring."
Watch here:
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE
Bill McKibben: It's Time to Turn Up the Heat on Those Who Are Wrecking Planet Earth
Koch Brothers Struggle to Block Climate Action in State Legislatures
An Open Letter to Charles Koch: Join Us in the Push Toward a Clean Energy Economy
Exxon, First Amendment Doesn't Give You Right to Commit Fraud
A young adult author is causing controversy by saying she refuses to write about gay or black characters, and then in response to criticism said she is being ‘attacked' for being straight.
S. E Hinton shot to fame in her teenage years when she wrote The Outsiders, her first and most popular novel, about two competing youth gangs in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
In a Q&A on her Twitter, the now 68-year-old said she would not include any LGBTI or POC characters in any of her future writings.
It came from a comment last year when Hinton denied there were any characters in the Outsiders that were gay, specifically Johnny and Dallas – two members of the Greasers gang.
The novel, which has seen renewed popularity after a 50th anniversary edition, inspired a 1983 film adaptation directed by Francis Ford Coppola. It starred a host of young actors including Tom Cruise, Rob Lowe, Patrick Swayze, Ralph Macchio (as Johnny) and Matt Dillon (as Dallas).
She began the Twitter war with her 43,000 followers by saying:
#ThingsIWontApologizeFor I am a heterosexual writer writing about heterosexual characters. Being attacked for being heterosexual. — S. E. Hinton (@se4realhinton) January 5, 2017
This angered people, especially after Hinton co-opted LGBTI ‘narratives' for her own resource.
Hinton, who supposedly has never been a part of a teenage gang, then asked how she is supposed to know what a gay character goes through.
News / International
by Staff Reporter
Actor Jeremy Irons claims that gay marriage could lead to fathers getting married to their sons - for tax reasons.The 64-year-old claimed he didn't have 'strong feelings' about same-sex marriage but said it could be used to allow fathers to pass estates on to sons without being taxed.Speaking to Huffington Post Live host Josh Zepps, Irons asked: 'Could a father not marry his son?'He claimed incest laws could not prevent it from happening because: 'It's not incest between men. Incest is there to protect us from inbreeding but men don't breed.'The Borgias star added that he wishes 'everybody who's living with one other person the best of luck in the world because it's fantastic'.'Living with another animal, whether it be a husband or a dog, is great,' he said.'It's lovely to have someone to love. I don't think sex matters at all. What it's called doesn't matter at all.'Father-of-two Irons also spoke on the battle for recognition of same-sex marriage, as opposed to civil unions.'It seems to me that now they're fighting for the name. I worry that it means somehow we debase, or we change, what marriage is. I just worry about that,' he added.A spokesman for lesbian, gay and bisexual charity Stonewall told Huffington Post UK: 'Few people will agree with Jeremy Irons' bizarre "concerns" about equal marriage.'Sadly his comments do seem to indicate he's taken his role as a Pope in The Borgias a little too seriously.'
16-Bit Bar+Arcade Expanding to Over-the-Rhine in Cincinnati
Troy Allen is opening opening arcades like it never went out of style in the late eighties. His wildly popular 16-Bit Bar+Arcade launched in Columbus in 2013, Cleveland in 2014, and today he announced that it's coming to Cincinnati in 2015.
“We've been looking at the Over-the-Rhine neighborhood for probably a year now to be honest,” says Allen. “The Cincinnati Center City Development Corporation (3CDC) actually reached out when we first opened in Columbus, but we weren't ready for it back then.”
Allen says that the paperwork has been signed as of today, and they're moving full steam ahead with a First Quarter 2015 opening timeframe. The new 16-Bit location will be housed in a retail space in Mercer Commons, a block from Vine Street and not far from the new HOMAGE store. The Cincinnati location will be the largest 16-Bit to date at 4,300 square feet, nearly twice the size of the original 2,500 square foot bar in Columbus.
“There will be the same amount of arcade games, just a bit more room,” explains Allen. “We will be adding something new though in the form of our ‘Console Library', where a whole wall of console games ranging from Atari 2600 to Nintendo 64 will be available to play.”
Allen admitted that the first expansion to Cleveland was nerve-wracking, but that it has performed well since opening.
“It's been outperforming Columbus every night since it opened except for one night,” he says. “And business in Columbus hasn't dropped off at all. In fact, August was the largest month we've ever had. We're really surprised at how well the concept has done.”
Some of the success of 16-Bit is due to the regular rotation of vintage arcade games that keep the experience different each visit. But next week Allen is planning to break the mold in a new way with the addition of a brand new Street Fighter IV cabinet imported from Japan.
“I wasn't going to do it at first because it goes against retro vibe,” he admits. “But I got to see one in person… and it's ridiculous how cool it is. The hardcore fans who play in tournaments are going to literally flip out.”
For ongoing discussion on 16-Bit Bar+Arcade, CLICK HERE to visit our Messageboard.
For more information, visit www.16-bitbar.com.
Related Articles: No related articles.
About the Author Walker is the co-founder of ColumbusUnderground.com and TheMetropreneur.com along with his wife and business partner Anne Evans. Walker has turned local media into a full time career over the past decade and serves on multiple boards and committees throughout the community.
Tags:
Some do's and don'ts for those of you who have good intentions but don't know where to put them.
When my kids were very young, toddlers, one of their favorite books was a book called Do's and Don'ts. It was about right and wrong, good and bad, do and don't do. Now in my 60's, with the unthinkable loss of my child, I was introduced to a world that tested not only myself and what I believed to be true, but how the world around my tragedy experienced me. And I could only think of this book, Do's and Don'ts.
Like so many others, I was unsure of the proper etiquette in how to share my condolences to parents who lost a child. Would I say the wrong thing? Would I sound shallow in the wake of such a horrific loss? How can I possibly express myself when I've not walked in their shoes? We have all experienced loss, but a parent who loses a child is another category indeed.
We've all heard the saying; “It's not natural for a child to go before a parent,” which seems to tidy up the scope of emotion putting it in a neat little box, tucking it far away unconsciously , because you can't relate to it, and are afraid you could relate to it.
It's a new world for us without our child, but nonetheless a world.
Our beloved son, Jake, was a kind, gentle soul, but the havoc of schizophrenia that played in his head was just too much for him and at age 36, he took his own life. I've had ongoing support from my family, back to the bare basic necessities of “did you eat?” And making me eat, and sleep. And my best friends, who stayed on course with me for months, and still do. And those were some rocky times that could shake any friendship off, but no one got scared and ran away. They know who they are.
We who have lost a child still need to be part of this world. It's a new world for us without our child, but nonetheless a world. We still need to be a parent if we're lucky enough to have other children, work, shop, and at some point (and this differs for everyone) resume some of our old enjoyments such as reading, the movies, etc.
I want to offer some small suggestions to those of you who have good intentions but don't know where to put them.
When you see us in the supermarket, you may think, She is really doing well, glad to see that. And to a small degree we are, because we got out of bed, got showered, dressed and drove to our destination. But what you don't see are the tears before we got to the market, or the tears in the market because the cereal aisle was our son's favorite cereal, or that we couldn't wait to get back inside our car where it's safe, and we can drive and drive and sob and scream.
We have no broken legs or loss of hair to show we are in pain. And sometimes when we speak to a stranger, we are having another conversation in our head thinking, this person has no idea that I am only partly in this world and partly with my child in his or her world. And how could they? I know I didn't, even though I consider myself a caring and compassionate person.
About nine days after my son's funeral a friend called to give me advice. Get out there and go see a good movie. This might be worthwhile advice, and I use the word “might” gingerly, had it been my dog and not my son who died. (I know, I had to close my mouth too.)
It was about three months after that I ventured out to a restaurant that many in the community frequented. I was with my family and as soon as I walked in knew it was a mistake. I stayed just trying to get through it. A few minutes later acquaintances from many years back came in and sat next to us. (They were aware of what happened.)
We said our cheery hellos, and after the meal the woman came over to our table and had this Cheshire grin on her face, addressing my other two boys and commenting how they've grown!
Then silence. I think we were all stunned there was no mention of my son, their brother. But I know she didn't know what to say.
So what DO you say? Several things. You can say, “I'm so sorry….”, or “I don't know what to say,” or a squeeze of the hand, a look in the eye while you touch their arm, or, as several others have done, say nothing. They just came up and hugged me for a few minutes, saying nothing, because it was all in the touch, the squeeze, the look.
I gained a deeper appreciation of the Jewish customs involved with sitting shiva. Jewish tradition eschews the socializing and eating that tends to happen in some homes. Instead family and friends come into the person's home and just sit with them. You are not to speak until they speak because it is all about them, and if they just want to sit quietly, that's what's needed. To me, this is a beautiful tradition because after all, there are really no words.
Full Disclosure mailing list archives
By Date By Thread [CVE-2015-2862/2863 / CERT VU#919604] Kaseya VSA arbitrary file download / open redirect From: Pedro Ribeiro <pedrib () gmail com>
Date: Mon, 13 Jul 2015 21:31:44 +0100
tl;dr Two vulns in Kaseya Virtual System Administrator - an authenticated arbitrary file download and two lame open redirects. Full advisory text below and at [1]. Thanks to CERT for helping me to disclose these vulnerabilities [2]. Multiple vulnerabilities in Kaseya Virtual System Administrator Discovered by Pedro Ribeiro (pedrib () gmail com), Agile Information Security (http://www.agileinfosec.co.uk/) ========================================================================== Disclosure: 13/07/2015 / Last updated: 13/07/2015 Background on the affected product: "Kaseya VSA is an integrated IT Systems Management platform that can be leveraged seamlessly across IT disciplines to streamline and automate your IT services. Kaseya VSA integrates key management capabilities into a single platform. Kaseya VSA makes your IT staff more productive, your services more reliable, your systems more secure, and your value easier to show." Technical details: #1 Vulnerability: Arbitary file download (authenticated) Affected versions: unknown, at least v9 GET /vsaPres/web20/core/Downloader.ashx?displayName=whatever&filepath=../../boot.ini Referer: http://10.0.0.3/ A valid login is needed, and the Referrer header must be included. A sample request can be obtained by downloading any file attached to any ticket, and then modifying it with the appropriate path traversal. This will download the C:\boot.ini file when Kaseya is installed in the default C:\Kaseya directory. The file download root is the WebPages directory (<Kaseya_Install_Dir>\WebPages\). #2 Vulnerability: Open redirect (unauthenticated) Affected versions: unknown, at least v7 to XXX a) http://192.168.56.101/inc/supportLoad.asp?urlToLoad=http://www.google.com b) GET /vsaPres/Web20/core/LocalProxy.ashx?url=http://www.google.com Host: www.google.com (host header has to be spoofed to the target) Fix: R9.1: install patch 9.1.0.4 R9.0: install patch 9.0.0.14 R8.0: install patch 8.0.0.18 V7.0: install patch 7.0.0.29 ================ Agile Information Security Limited http://www.agileinfosec.co.uk/ Enabling secure digital business >> [1] https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pedrib/PoC/master/generic/kaseya-vsa-vuln.txt [2] https://www.kb.cert.org/vuls/id/919604 _______________________________________________ Sent through the Full Disclosure mailing list https://nmap.org/mailman/listinfo/fulldisclosure Web Archives & RSS: http://seclists.org/fulldisclosure/ By Date By Thread Current thread: [CVE-2015-2862/2863 / CERT VU#919604] Kaseya VSA arbitrary file download / open redirect Pedro Ribeiro (Jul 13)
Louisville police are investigating after two people were shot and killed Sunday afternoon. The shooting happened at 4:50 p.m. in the 1800 block of Oregon Avenue. At this time, police said they believed the shooting to be a murder-suicide. They said the victims were a man and a woman. Police said the pair were dating and have a child together. "Upon further investigation, this appears to be a murder-suicide. Again, we have two persons dead. They appear to have been boyfriend and girlfriend. They do have a child together and the Louisville Police Homicide Unit is investigating," said LMPD spokesperson Dwight Mitchell. Police said a child was at the home during the time of the shooting. That child was unharmed. The identities of the victims have not been released. The shooting is under investigation.
Louisville police are investigating after two people were shot and killed Sunday afternoon.
The shooting happened at 4:50 p.m. in the 1800 block of Oregon Avenue.
Advertisement
At this time, police said they believed the shooting to be a murder-suicide.
They said the victims were a man and a woman. Police said the pair were dating and have a child together.
"Upon further investigation, this appears to be a murder-suicide. Again, we have two persons dead. They appear to have been boyfriend and girlfriend. They do have a child together and the Louisville Police Homicide Unit is investigating," said LMPD spokesperson Dwight Mitchell.
Police said a child was at the home during the time of the shooting. That child was unharmed.
The identities of the victims have not been released.
The shooting is under investigation.
AlertMe
Pin 26K Shares
Don Shay
June 25, 2015
(ANTIMEDIA) A raid on a California medical marijuana dispensary at the end of May revealed questionable police practices by the officers involved. Now, Sky High Holistic is suing Santa Ana mayor Miguel Pulido, claiming he ordered police to shut down the dispensary because they did not pay a $25,000 bribe that would guarantee their place in a lottery system for a license.
According to NBC LA,
“Santa Ana mayor Miguel Pulido was named in the suit along with city employee Yvette Aguilar and the city itself. It alleges the city solicited $25,000 payments and gifts from marijuana dispensaries which would guarantee businesses would be granted a license in a lottery system. It also claims police were used to shut down operations that did not pay up.”
“It's deplorable that city officials and people seeking financial gain would use the police to accomplish their self-serving goals,” said attorney Matthew Pappas, who is representing the raided shop.
Last week, the nonprofit group Voice for OC released video footage of cops raiding Sky High Holistic on May 27th. Authorities alleged the dispensary lacked the proper permit to operate. The video footage depicts armed officers with ski masks barging into the salesroom with their guns drawn. Those inside were all ordered to the ground. Officers kicked everyone out and attempted to break all of the visible cameras. Unbeknownst to them, there were also hidden cameras that caught the aftermath. The footage showed the cops nonchalantly consuming the edible marijuana treats. One cop was heard laughing and making a comment referring to one of the disabled customers in the shop. “Did you punch that one-legged old bonita?” asks ones. A female cop responds, “I was about to kick her in her f—ing knob”. The police claimed they were conducting an investigation.
The officers knew they were going to act questionably, evident in that they attempted to tear down visible cameras. This behavior is very similar to what armed thugs do. How long will cannabis vendors that pose no harm be targeted by law enforcement? Santa Ana is a city that runs rampant with gang violence and hard drug abuse, so why is the mayor is targeting pot shops? When will the police actually focus their attention on critical issues instead of on harassing non-violent pot smokers?
This article (Marijuana Dispensary Suing Mayor After Cops Raid Shop and Eat Edibles) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and theAntiMedia.org. Tune in! Anti-Media Radio airs Monday through Friday @ 11pm Eastern/8pm Pacific. Help us fix our typos: edits@theantimedia.org.
Pin 26K Shares
Adding to many comments which the political consultancy class would no doubt advise against, Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump recently cited a similarity between himself and Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders. From The Washington Times:
Both Mr. Trump, who has been leading recent polls on the 2016 GOP presidential field, and Mr. Sanders, a self-described democratic socialist who is contending for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, have come out against the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade deal being negotiated between the United States and 11 other countries including Japan, Australia and Canada.
“We're getting killed by China, we're getting killed — now here's the difference between Bernie Sanders and myself: I negotiate. I will make great deals with China; he can't do that,” Mr. Trump said. “In other words, he's incapable of doing that. But he knows the problem, at least. He's not going to be able to anything about it, but he does know the problem, and if you look at his words on trade and my words on trade, man — I was just looking at it yesterday, actually. I said, that's pretty close, you know, so in terms of that, we're very close.”
CHANGE comes slowly in the kingdom of Tonga, a nation of 100,000 people in the midst of the Pacific Ocean. On December 29th its parliament for the first time used its new powers to select a non-aristocratic prime minister, a veteran democracy activist named ‘Akilisi Pohiva.
Mr Pohiva has for decades been the arch-adversary of the Tongan establishment, first as a campaigner against official corruption during the 1990s and later than leader of the Democratic Party of the Friendly islands. He was imprisoned in 1996 for contempt of parliament. Now as prime minister his ability to deal with practical matters of state will be put to the test: one many expected three years ago, when Mr Pohiva was put first forward as candidate for the position.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Such a move was a first in 2010. Uniquely in the modern Pacific Islands, Tonga was a functioning constitutional monarchy—until the king gave up critical powers in 2010. The country's monarchs had previously appointed the prime minister and cabinet, and parliament was merely a talking shop where nobles and commoners could air their grievances. The 2010 constitution increased the number of elected commoners, or “people's representatives”, to 17; left the number of nobles at nine; and gave the 26-member parliament the right to select the head of government. The king assumed a largely ceremonial role, but remains much revered by ordinary Tongans.
Still, things did not turn out as many expected in 2010. Then, the newly elected MPs could not agree on Mr Pohiva as their candidate for prime minister. Instead, the nobles—who are selected by 33 holders of hereditary titles—clubbed together with the more conservative elected politicians from the northern islands of Tonga to select Lord Siale'ataonga Tu'ivakano as prime minister.
This time around, greater solidarity amongst the members popularly elected on November 27th gave Mr Pohiva the top leadership post by 15 votes to 11, making him the first commoner selected by parliament to hold the position. He was unable to attract the support of any of the noble members, but—cautiously—brought one of their number, Lord Ma'afu, into cabinet with ministerial responsibility both for lands and for His Majesty's Armed Forces.
Mr Pohiva's predecessor, Lord Tu'ivakano, led an unspectacular and ineffective government, which handled the nation's finances poorly. Tonga risks defaulting on its considerable debt to China, having borrowed heavily to rebuild the capital's central business district after it was destroyed by riots in 2006. Even if he cannot steady the nation's finances, Mr Pohiva may be tempted to continue the process of political reform by abolishing noble seats or by requiring nobles to be selected by popular vote. He may need to move fast. He is 73 years old, and has said this will be his last three-year term in parliament.
The Conservative government's recent tax cuts have added $1.6-billion to the deficit so far this year, but Ottawa remains on track to post a smaller deficit than the year before.
Finance Canada released monthly tracking figures for Ottawa's bottom line on Monday that show the federal government posted a $3.2-billion deficit in October, in contrast to a $2.5-billion deficit in October, 2013. The report said this reflects a $1.6-billion downward adjustment to revenues based on the year-to-date impact of two personal income tax cuts announced that month that were effective immediately: income-splitting for families with children under 18 – which the government calls the Family Tax Cut – and the doubling of the Children's Fitness Tax Credit.
Over the first seven months of the fiscal year that started April 1, the federal deficit stood at $3.95-billion, a significant improvement over the $12.8-billion deficit recorded between April and October of 2013. However the figure is $1-billion higher than the government's stated target of posting a $2.9-billion deficit this year.
Story continues below advertisement
Monthly spending and revenue figures can fluctuate significantly.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper's government announced several tax cuts this fall, including the two family tax cut measures. Two additional tax cuts will take effect in 2015, including enhanced monthly payments to parents with children under 18 through the Universal Child Care Benefit and an increase in the child care expense tax deduction.
The government also announced a two-year tax credit for small businesses in September.
Finance Minister Joe Oliver's Nov. 12 fiscal update indicated that the expected cost of all of these measures will be $3.2-billion this year, $5-billion next year and then slightly less than $5-billion-a-year going forward.
The update also indicated that the government expects a deficit of $2.9-billion this year, meaning the package of tax cuts announced this fall had the effect of moving Ottawa from a projected surplus to a projected deficit.
The government is projecting a $1.6-billion surplus in 2015-16. The Prime Minister recently insisted that the surplus will be achieved even with lower oil prices, which have a negative impact on federal revenues.
The latest:
Gas station at Research Drive and Erwin Road in Durham
Incredible...Look at the hike within 3-and-a-half hrs at this South Saunders @CircleKStores! I took 1st picture at noon, 2nd just now #ABC11 pic.twitter.com/MTaQNHtlQo — Elaina Athans (@AthansABC11) August 31, 2017
Big gas line at the Costco in Apex. @ABC11_WTVD pic.twitter.com/5O1BJQHt1R — Jeremy Baker (@FancyPantsWTVD) August 31, 2017
Gas prices continue to rise across our area. The average price of a gallon of gas climbed to $2.44 over the course of just days.Last week, Gov. Roy Cooper issued of State of Emergency to temporarily waive the cap on maximum hours of service restrictions for fuel vehicles traveling in and through North Carolina.*Colonial Pipeline now projecting to reopen MondayThe order will help gasoline move in and through the state more easily and quickly in response to delivery problems caused by Hurricane Harvey."Hurricane Harvey's damage to refineries in Texas and Louisiana could ripple throughout the southeast, causing gasoline shortages and rising prices," said Cooper in a news release. "I'm taking action to make it easier to get gasoline into our state so North Carolinians who need gas can get it."North Carolina Attorney General Josh Stein said his office has gotten about 100 complaints of price gouging.Colonial Pipeline said that its pipelines 1 and 2 continue to operate from Lake Charles to the East Coast, but deliveries will be "intermittent and dependent on terminal and refinery supply."The lines remain down from Houston to the Hebert Injection Station, which is out of service. That station is between Beaumont, Texas, and the Louisiana border.Some gas stations in the Triangle are already feeling the squeeze and were out of gas Friday morning.The Georgia-based company said it estimates that it will be able to return to service from Houston on Monday, following an evaluation of infrastructure and "successful execution of our start up plan."The pipeline, a crucial artery in the nation's fuel supply network, provides nearly 40 percent of the South's gasoline."When you have a situation like this, the problems go all up and down the pipeline," Cooper said. "We've seen this happen before with problems with Katrina ... We've already asked the federal government for certain waivers in order to be able to provide as much supply here as possible. We're looking at declaring a state of emergency in order to be able to deal with this issue."Folks in the Triangle are already seeing a price increase. They've been traveling from town-to-town and to different gas stations to find the best prices."I passed one gas station that's $2.44 in Cary, so this one (on South Saunders Street) is the cheapest I've seen," said Ken Bond as he was filling up at $2.31.Stein said the NC Department of Justice will be reviewing complaints from consumers about excessively high fuel prices."If you see suspiciously high gas prices, it could mean that gas stations are taking advantage of their customers," Stein said. "I want to know about it. My top priority is protecting North Carolinians - including their wallets. Taking advantage of people during a weather crisis would be unacceptable, and I will hold any offenders accountable."Stein asks resident to please report potential price gouging by calling (877)-5-NO-SCAM or file a complaint atAAA Carolinas tells ABC11 the statewide average for a gas of regular right now is $2.36, which is up 17 cents from before Hurricane Harvey hit."It's a little unnerving seeing the prices jump up so much so quickly," said Erica Jackson. "I drive a good amount every day so that's not very comforting."AAA is urging drivers not to panic and over-consume. An official is concerned people might feel the need to pulled over and top off their tank, which could lead to a shortage and long lines at gas stations like we saw in 2016.In September of 2016, a leak and gas spill in Alabama that closed the Colonial Pipeline led to days of empty gas station pumps and higher prices in Alabama, Georgia, Tennessee, and the Carolinas.Gasoline prices have been on the rise even before the pipeline shutdown. Harvey's devastating strike on the Gulf Coast has prompted one of the summer's largest one-week price surges, AAA reported.Among the reasons: About one-quarter of the Gulf Coast's oil refining capacity was taken offline, according to the Oil Price Information Service.The storm also prompted at least eight Texas refineries to shut down, according to AAA. Nearly one-third of the nation's refining capacity is along the Gulf Coast from Corpus Christi, Texas, to the Lake Charles area.The Colonial Pipeline runs from the Houston area to the New York harbor and includes more than 5,500 miles of pipeline, most of it underground.
On this Father's Day, we celebrate a dying role. With all of the problems currently plaguing our culture -- crime, violence, promiscuity, poverty, divorce, drug abuse, and so on -- the one thing that we as a nation could do to remedy such things most quickly would be to return fathers to their families.
You've almost certainly heard the sad statistics when it comes to fatherhood in America. However, the stats continue to shock: as a recent Drudge headline noted, 60% of all families in Richmond, VA are led by single parents, with the vast majority being fatherless. For black families in Richmond, a staggering 84% are led by single parents.
The numbers are similar in dozens of large cities (pop. 50,000+) all across America. From Savannah to Atlanta; Washington, D.C.; Philadelphia; Baltimore; Hartford; Buffalo; Cleveland; Cincinnati; St. Louis; Milwaukee; and Detroit, more than half of all families are led by single parents, with the numbers for minorities -- especially blacks -- being significantly higher.
The demographics have been trending this way for decades. This demands an answer to the question: why? Why are so many American dads not married to and in the home with the mothers of their children?
There are two scenarios to consider: the dads who divorce and the dads who never marry. Increasingly, the latter is more common. In December of 2011, Pew Research revealed that, according to U.S. Census data, "[b]arely half of all adults in the United States -- a record low -- are currently married, and the median age at first marriage has never been higher for brides (26.5 years) and grooms (28.7)[.] ... In 1960, 72% of all adults ages 18 and older were married; today just 51% are."
What's more, again according to Pew Research, since 1997, the percentage of men ages 18 to 34 who say that having a successful marriage is important to them dropped from 35% to 29%. For women in the same age group, the numbers rose from 28% to 37%. According to family and feminism expert Suzanne Venker, many men have decided never to get married because "women aren't women anymore."
And neither are men "men" anymore. "Ever since the sexual revolution" adds Venker, "there has been a profound overhaul in the way men and women interact." With its lies about sex, parenting, and gender roles, the modern feminist movement that "birthed" the sexual revolution has been devastating to men and women alike.
Many men have been deceived into thinking that, among other things, they can have all the sex that they want without any real commitment or other consequences. Thus, it is little wonder that so many men bought into the modern feminist lies. With the explosion of pornography and the hook-up culture, and with little societal stigma to engaging in such behavior, far too many men have allowed themselves and the roles that they were created to fulfill to be cast aside. Ironically, this has led to a "neutering" of the American male.
Many women have been deceived into thinking that, among other things, they are no different from men and can have careers and children without marriage or devout motherhood. (Certainly not all women with careers are unfit mothers, but being successful at both can be overwhelming.) Thus, we end up with women in combat and many attempting or being forced to be the "breadwinners" (the vast majority of whom are poor single mothers) of the family. For the first time in American history, women outnumber men in the workforce, and more women than men are obtaining college degrees.
And many women today who do marry are doing so much later and are having one child (or at most two) as they attempt to postpone, or at least "balance," motherhood with careers. According to the National Center for Health Statistics, in 1970, only 1% of U.S. births were to women 35 and older. Today that rate has increased nearly tenfold.
Such data is especially true for white women. While the marriage rate in the U.S. is much higher for whites than for other ethnic groups, the childbirth rate is devastatingly low. So much so that, according to the U.S. Census Bureau for the calendar year ending 2012, for the first time in U.S. history, more whites died than were born.
Thus, it's not just fatherhood that is dying, but motherhood as well. And it's not just the men and women (and the millions of children such relationships produce) who have been deceived into living such lies who suffer. What we are seeing here is the death of the traditional (biblical) family, and when the family dies, that will herald the end of our republic.
A federal grand jury in Little Rock, Arkansas, returned a two-count indictment against Eric Scott Kindley, 49, a former prison transport officer, for crimes related to his sexual assault of a woman in his custody, and using his firearm in furtherance of the assault.
Count One of the indictment charges Kindley with committing civil rights offenses that resulted in bodily injury and includes the use of a dangerous weapon, kidnapping, and aggravated sexual abuse. Count Two charges Kindley with knowingly possessing a firearm in furtherance of these crimes of violence.
Kindley was indicted on June 29, 2017, in Phoenix, Arizona, for committing similar offenses related to sexual assaults he committed on a different woman in his custody, and as in this indictment, possessing his firearm in furtherance of those assaults.
These indictments stem from Kindley's arrest in Stockton, California, on June 1, 2017, in connection with a criminal complaint filed in the District of Arizona. According to arrest paperwork, Kindley operated Group 6, LLC doing business as Special Operations Group, a company that local jails throughout the country hire to transport individuals who have been arrested on out-of-state warrants. The probable because affidavit associated with the criminal complaint alleged that from January through May of this year, Kindley engaged in sexual misconduct in his Dodge Caravan with three different female prisoners during three different transports. The transports were from California to Arizona, Alabama to Arizona, and Mississippi to New Mexico. In each instance, the victim was handcuffed and restrained, and taken to secluded locations where Kindley sexually assaulted her. All the while, Kindley threatened each victim with his firearm and warned her that he will get away with his conduct because no one will believe her.
Following Kindley's arrest in the Eastern District of California, the court ordered that Kindley be detained and transported to the District of Arizona, where he remains in custody.
This investigation remains ongoing. Anyone with additional information is encouraged to call the Phoenix Division of the FBI at (623) 466-1999, or can email the Criminal Section of the Civil Rights Division at the U.S. Department of Justice at Prisoner.Transfer@usdoj.gov.
Kindley faces a maximum of life in prison if convicted of the crimes charged, and a mandatory minimum of five years in prison for possession of the firearm in this indictment. If he is convicted of possession of a firearm in both indictments, he faces a mandatory minimum of twenty-five years in prison.
An indictment is merely a formal accusation of criminal conduct, and Kindley is presumed innocent unless proven guilty.
This case is being investigated by the Phoenix Division of the FBI and is being prosecuted by Special Litigation Counsel Fara Gold and Trial Attorney Maura White of the Criminal Section of the Civil Rights Division of the U.S. Department of Justice.
Practical ARM Exploitation: A New Training
So….we heard Dino & Alex and Aaron & Zef were doing some blingin new trainings. So we felt we had to keep up with the rest of the New York Krew and do one….Ok, not really.
We (the two Stephens) have spent a bunch of head-down time recently doing embedded research (as we mentioned in the last post). In fact, in our “Hardware Hacking For Software People” talk, we ended with a demo of a neat crash/bug found in a VERY popular cable modem. “But what about exploitation of that bug?”. This is the question we kept getting. Well, we honestly hadn't done much of that at the time last year. But that has all changed, and we've collected all of our notes on embedded exploitation (specifically on the ARM architecture), added some additional research and developed a course! We are proud to announce the public release the course we've developed entitled “Practical ARM Exploitation”.
A New Course:
The purpose of the course is to introduce students with prior basic exploitation experience (on other architectures) to “real world” exploitation scenarios on the ARM processor architecture. The reality is that exploitation these days is harder and a bit more nuanced than it was in the past with the advent of protection mechanisms like XN, ASLR, stack cookies, etc. As such, this course is called “practical” because it aims to teach exploitation on ARM under the real-world circumstances (with all these protection mechanisms) that the exploit developer will encounter and have to circumvent. The course materials focus on advanced exploitation topics using Linux as the target platform running on the ARM architecture. The goal here is to use Linux as a platform for circumventing “advanced protections” while also teaching about the ARM architecture itself, although there is obvious application for these techniques against platforms running on mobile phones, tablets, net-books, embedded devices, etc.
Our hope is that students with some previous exploitation experience go from knowing nothing about ARM on the ﬁrst day to exploiting custom heap implementation (bypassing ASLR, NX) using their hand-built ROP connect-back-shell payload on the the last day.
The course contains the following:
650+ slides across 12 decks
17 lab exercises (ranging from code auditing and simple stack overﬂows to advanced heap exploitation and application speciﬁc exploitation)
some “CTF style” exploitation challenges
80+ page printed/bound/laminated lab manual with comprehensive notes including: architecture quick reference, ARM GDB and IDA ‘gotchas', et al
…and maybe some exploitation exercises running on real ARM hardware (instead of in QEmu which is where we do everything for the course)
We are proud to also announce that we will be publicly debuting the course at CanSecWest in Vancouver in March of 2012. This thang was a lotta work so we are really excited to be giving this course and we look forward to meeting and talking with folks who are also interested in this stuff.
As a teaser for the course, we've cut out the “Cliff's Notes” reference section from our much larger Lab Manual and are giving it away as a free piece of reference material (for that directory you keep full of notes, slides, and presentations ;-). Enjoy.
If you want to learn a bit more about the layout of the course, you can read our Syllabus which has a brief description of every Lab exercise and Slide deck. If you are curious about if you are right for the course the Syllabus also includes a short blurb about prerequisite skills and what you should bring if you decide to take it.
Anyway, thats it, we're really excited and look forward to seeing you there! Feel free to post any questions about the course as comments below.
Syllabus, “Who Should Take This Course” and “What to bring if you do”
Free Give Away!: Lab Manual Sample: ARM Architecture Reference
Lance Armstrong faces serious new legal trouble: The Justice Department has joined one of his former racing teammates in suing him for using performance-enhancing drugs during the Tour de France. NBC Justice Correspondent Pete Williams reports.
Lance Armstrong faces a powerful new adversary -- the United States government.
The Justice Department notified a federal court Friday that it is joining one of his former racing teammates in suing him for using performance-enhancing drugs during the Tour de France.
The government signed on to a lawsuit filed two years ago by Floyd Landis, one of Armstrong's former Tour de France teammates who have already admitted cheating. Among its claims: Landis saw Armstrong store and then re-inject his own blood to boost his performance, and Armstrong twice gave Landis banned hormones before races.
The government's legal theory in joining the lawsuit is that when Armstrong agreed to race for the U.S. Postal Service team a decade ago in the Tour de France, he defrauded the government, violating its strict ban on illegal drugs, all the while claiming he did not use them.
Though the government's action presents a serious new legal threat to Armstrong, the Justice Department case is not foolproof: Legal experts say Armstrong could argue that his contract with the team owners never explicitly prohibited blood doping, and he could claim that he never signed any agreement directly with the Postal Service that banned the practice.
But if the government wins, Armstrong could face huge fines, because the Postal Service paid at least $30 million to sponsor his racing teams.
Armstrong's attorney, Robert Luskin, said in a statement Friday that the Postal Service had no losses deserving of compensation.
"Lance and his representatives worked constructively over these last weeks with federal lawyers to resolve this case fairly, but those talks failed because we disagree about whether the Postal Service was damaged," Luskin said. "The Postal's Services own studies show that the Service benefited tremendously from its sponsorship -- benefits totaling more than $100 million."
After denying for years that he cheated, Armstrong gave a general admission last month in an interview with Oprah Winfrey.
"This issue of performance enhancers, to me, we're going to pump up our tires, put water in our bottles and, oh yeah, that, too, is going to happen. That was it," he said.
The cycling website Velo News reported this week that Travis Tygart, the CEO of the US Anti-Doping Agency, wrote to Attorney General Eric Holder last month, urging the government to join the Landis lawsuit.
A decision by the Justice Department to join the case “in order to get to the bottom (or top) of this massive fraud would also be viewed by the press and public as necessary and legitimate,” the letter said.
Slideshow: Lance Armstrong's controversial career Joel Saget / AFP - Getty Images The cyclist's historic run of Tour de France championships made headlines, as did his fall from grace after being stripped of the titles in 2012. Launch slideshow
This story was originally published on
During a speech before CPAC this morning, President Trump called out the media, and specifically named CNN.
Or, as he said, the “Clinton News Network.”
Watch:
During his critique, the president defended the First Amendment.
Trump slams the press at #CPAC: “They say that we can't criticize their dishonest coverage because of the First Amendment.” pic.twitter.com/NFhcrq47g9 — Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) February 24, 2017
Trump said the mainstream media gets “upset when we expose their false stories. They say that we can't criticize their dishonest coverage because of the First Amendment.”
He continued, “I love the First Amendment…nobody loves it better than me.”
To cheers, Trump said, “I mean, who uses it more than I do?
“But the First Amendment, it gives it to me, it gives it to you, it gives it to all Americans the right to speak our minds freely.
“It gives you the right, and me the right, to criticize fake news and criticize it strongly,” the president said.
Trump accused the media corporations of having their own agenda at the expense of the country's.
The External Affairs Ministry is sending a senior official to Muscat to investigate the case of a woman, who died after being stranded at the airport there for five days after she lost her passport.
"We are sending a senior official of the Ministry to Muscat to conduct an enquiry and report back to me," External Affairs Minister S M Krishna told reporters here.
This move comes in the backdrop of reports that embassy officials did not help 40-year-old Keralite Beebi Lumada, a housemaid who was travelling from Muscat to Chennai via Doha by a Qatar Airways flight last week, who lost her passport while in transit at the Doha airport.
When her passport was not found, she was sent back to Muscat, the port of origin. Lumada, who hailed from Kerala, wanted to go back to her home city Thiruvananthapuram.
The housemaid, who died on her way to hospital, had cancelled her Oman residence visa and since she did not carry her passport she was not allowed to re-enter Muscat.
An airline official said they were given repeated assurances that the embassy officials would come and visit the stranded passenger but there was no visit even after requests from the airport police.
The airline even tried in vain to contact the stranded passenger's sponsor.
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
"I don't know how journalists can continue to call themselves journalists if they aren't brave enough to ask a question," Haggis said in a recent interview.
Paul Haggis wants Tom Cruise to get tougher questions when he promotes his films.
The Crash director, who was a member of the Church of Scientology before leaving in 2009, told the Daily Beast that Cruise's team doesn't let journalists ask the A-list actor about the hot-button religion during interviews, which Haggis does not appreciate.
"His PR people are very smart," Haggis said. "But I don't know how journalists can continue to call themselves journalists if they aren't brave enough to ask a question. I mean, how big does the elephant in the room have to be before you ask about it?"
Haggis acknowledged that reporters apparently had to agree to avoid the topic of Scientology when speaking to Cruise about Mission: Impossible — Rogue Nation, or else they wouldn't have been granted the interview, which is why the recent documentary Going Clear never came up.
"Well, fine, but there are things called journalistic integrity, and there are things more important than promoting a movie sometimes," continued Haggis, who directed the HBO miniseries Show Me a Hero. "It was so glaringly obvious. There was this huge elephant there, and every journalist agreed not to address it. Why? You're just a PR person at that point. Shame on you."
Jon Stewart faced some criticism of this ilk after interviewing Cruise last month on the Daily Show. In a guest column for The Hollywood Reporter, Going Clear director Alex Gibney called the interview a "missed opportunity" and faulted the "machine of celebrity" for letting Cruise off the hook.
Email: Ryan.Gajewski@THR.com
Twitter: @_RyanGajewski
Texas' oil and gas regulator on Wednesday asked companies to reduce their light pollution near the McDonald Observatory in West Texas, one of the world's largest telescopes.
It's the first time the Texas Railroad Commission has addressed the issue of “sky glow” from drilling rigs, gas flares and well completion operations in the Permian Basin, the state's largest oil field. State laws, which went into effect in 2011, tried to address sky glow that could threaten the observatory's research work, but few oil and gas companies knew about the rules or the potential conflict between industry and science.
The McDonald Observatory was established in 1932 north of Fort Davis, still a remote part of the state, and is run by the University of Texas at Austin. Its Hobby-Eberly Telescope atop Mount Fowlkes is the largest in North America. There are two other research telescopes atop nearby Mount Locke.
Pioneer Energy, a San Antonio-based contract driller and oil field services company, and McDonald Observatory have worked together to study the sky glow problem, testing lighting on drilling rigs that is still safe but doesn't send light skyward like a beacon.
Pioneer Energy CEO Stacy Locke and Bill Wren, a special assistant to the superintendent at the McDonald Observatory, authored a paper on the topic for the Society of Petroleum Engineers, which was presented at the group's conference in Denver last March.
The Railroad Commission's new notice asks operators to be aware of the rules, links to Locke and Wren's research and asks companies to be aware of the problem.
“You are encouraged to consult these resources and consider ways to reduce stray light. The solutions can be simple and cost effective and can actually improve nighttime visibility and increase worker safety,” the notice said.
You can see the notice to operators here and read about the history of the issue here.
The Texas Legislature passed a bill in 2011 requiring communities within 57 miles of the McDonald Observatory to regulate outdoor lighting. The law requires permits for the installation of new outdoor lights — though it grandfathers existing lights — and makes violations a Class C misdemeanor.
The territory covers seven counties — Jeff Davis, Hudspeth, Culberson, Reeves, Pecos, Presidio and Brewster — and 28,000 square miles. Wren has called it the largest dark sky reserve in the world.
Although the oil and gas industry has been receptive to the idea of maintaining a dark sky near the observatory, the big hurdle was that few people had known about the problem, and the Railroad Commission has no rules of its own regarding light fixtures.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sam Allen in his Cardiff Reminscences, published by Western Mail Ltd in 1918, recalled the time the celebrated Irish dramatist, author, poet and wit Oscar Wilde visited the Queen Street Hall Exhibition of 1884 to give a lecture on the beautiful decoration of the household.
We learn that “The effect of his epigramatic lecture was somewhat marred by the Philistine demonstration of some of the well known ‘dock boys', who promenaded the rear of the hall displaying gigantic sun flowers, tiger lilies, and suchlike, somewhat to that aesthetic gentleman's discomfiture.”
Wilde was aged 30 when he visited Cardiff and we now know that he was jailed for homosexuality 11 years later and that he died in 1900.
Sam Allen also reveals that the Queen Street Hall was later adapted as a popular business arcade and in addition to this large hall there was “a smaller hall or lecture theatre alongside and over the Working Street entrance.”
He also recalled the time Dr William Price the Chartist and cremationist visited the hall.
“Then in the great hall we had on several occasions the celebrated Dr Price, with his foxskin cap and scalloped green trousers.
“In one of the lectures, about the mundane egg, he horrified some of the fair sex by removing much of his costume, and appearing in green tights, with alphabetical decorations.
“He shouted as he came on to the front of the platform, ‘I am dressed in the garments of my forefathers,' in which guise he insisted that I should accompany him through Crockherbtown to the Taff Vale Station, which I did follow by a considerable retinue of small and admiring boys.”
Dr William Price, who was born in Rudry but lived in Llantrisant, was one of the great eccentrics of his time.
He was regularly seen on the streets of Cardiff and was well known for his advocacy of free love and cremation.
He fathered two children when in his 80s, and when he died in 1893 thousands turned up to witness his cremation at Llantrisant.
Meanwhile, when the Town Council in 1886 changed the name Crockherbtown to Queen Street there were many objections.
Alas, all to no avail.
A Cardiff Directory for 1858 tells us that on the approach to the villas in Crockherbtown there were to be found neatly kept flower beds while dwarf shrubs and evergreens gave a graceful taste to the increasing number of respectable inhabitants.
One of the inhabitants had this to say about his house: “It had a beautiful old fashioned and wonderfully productive garden. I grew figs and mulberries there, and there was mistletoe growing on the apple trees.
“In those days the theatre stood about where the Park Hotel stands now, and there was a lane known as Bradley's Lane going up where Park Place is now.
“Mr Bradley's father was a hunting man and had stables in Womanby Street.”
While William Rees, author of Cardiff: A History of the City, writes: “In 1855, Queen Street within the walls was said scarcely to deserve the name of a street for it was merely a lane with about 24 houses, linking St John Street to Crockerton.”
:: You can send your stories/pictures to Brian Lee,Cardiff Remembered, South Wales Echo, Six Park Street,Cardiff, CF10 1XR or e-mail him at brianlee4@virginmedia.com.uk
The Obama administration's apparent plan to draft an indefinite detention policy with periodic reviews of evidence against dozens of prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay shouldn't come as a surprise, a lawyer with the Center for Constitutional Rights told TPM in an interview. But they are concerned that it could result in less transparency for lawyers and other observers — and it could mean that more detainees will face a lifetime of imprisonment with no chance to review the evidence against them or appeal the decisions made about them.“This administration is usually entirely passive in response to its opponents attempts to undermine its policy agenda, so to that extent it is a surprise when they do anything,” Shayana Kadidal, senior managing attorney of the GuantÃ¡namo project at the Center for Constitutional Rights, told me in an interview. “I think it's one of those situations where after the fact, looking back on it, it perhaps makes some sense and it's somewhat predictable.”
Kadidal said that Americans have “no idea” who is in the category of people who the administration wants to hold but can't, for whatever reason, bring to trial.
“My primary concern about this executive order is that it may be intended primarily as cover for moving people between those two piles — for taking people who initially made a very deliberate decision that they were triable and should be tried and moving them into this pile where they need to do nothing,” Kadidal said.
Kadidal says he doesn't believe the category of people who can't be tried but can't be released really exists. “It seems to really be a fallacy. If the only evidence you've got on somebody is evidence — quote unquote evidence — that is derived from torture, than you don't really have any evidence. We exclude torture from consideration in judicial proceedings not just as a disincentive to torture… but also because it is inherently unreliable.”
“The very existence of this category of people, pile of people that they want to sit on and do nothing with is problematic,” Kadidal said.
As ProPublica reported, more inmates at Guantanamo are facing the prospect of lifelong detention and fewer are facing charges than the day Obama was elected, despite the fact that the administration pledged to close the facility nearly two years ago.
Obama administration officials also recently said they plan to reject efforts by Congress to limit the president's options on Guantanamo Bay, setting up a showdown between the executive branch at the GOP. But Kadidal says that for “practical purposes,” the administration has given up on closing Guantanamo.
Kadidal said it was hard to say if the Center for Constitutional Rights would be challenging the executive order of indefinite detention before it was officially released. He said that depending upon the details of the review process, the Obama administration could end up making the same argument that the Bush administration made to keep courts from getting involved in the detainee process.
“It'll be interesting to see what this looks like,” Kadidal said.
EMBED >More News Videos Teens cause disruption at Cherry Hill Mall: Monica Malpass reports on Action News at 11 p.m., December 26, 2017
EMBED >More News Videos Arrests after Cherry Hill Mall disturbance. Alicia Vitarelli reports during Action News at Noon on December 27, 2017.
Police say up to 1,000 juveniles were causing a disruption at the Cherry Hill Mall on Tuesday night leading to some arrests.The incident began around 7:30 p.m. at the JC Penney entrance of the mall located on Route 38.Arriving officers found approximately 700 to 1,000 unaccompanied juveniles at the mall.Shoppers described the chaos:"I was scared just because there were so many and they were unsupervised," said Daija Qualis. "It looked like a hostile situation."Police said it began near the JCPenney wing but shoppers said it spread to the food court."They were shaking on the doors, kicking the doors," said Tyler Johnson. "The kids outnumbered the adults 10 to two. It was bad."An Action News viewer sent cell phone video of crowds milling around near the food court.While dispersing the crowd, police made five arrests.Four of those arrested were from Camden, New Jersey; the other was from Cherry Hill. They were arrested for charges ranging from disorderly conduct to resisting arrest.Witnesses told Action News police used the loud speaker to usher the kids out.Police say no injuries or property damage were reported.Just last week, Cherry Hill police warned parents not to let kids wander on their own at the mall.------
Children as young as six are carrying knives and 10-year-olds are arming themselves with weapons out of fear, the country's top police officer has been told.
Metropolitan Police Commissioner Cressida Dick heard children 'feel naked' without them, while some are too scared to cross the capital's roads unarmed.
Ms Dick vowed to get to the root of knife crime as she visited a youth centre in Putney, south-west London, meeting community leaders, reformed gang members and the family of Lewis Elwin - a 20-year-old trainee electrician stabbed to death in Tooting last year.
Metropolitan Police Commissioner Cressida Dick was told that children were arming themselves with weapons because they are scared while visiting a youth centre in Putney
The family of Lewis Elwin, a student who was fatally stabbed in Tooting last year, spoke to the commissioner. Pictured is Byron, Aaron and Sandra Douglas-Letts
The Commissioner promised more officers in schools and others in every ward to help build relationships with young people.
She was told community groups are 'screaming out' for a relationship with police, but the force is 'not following up'.
One woman told Ms Dick knife crime affects children far younger than the teenagers and young men normally associated with it.
She said: 'On the housing estate, it's six-year-olds that are carrying knives, because they think they won't be stopped. You need to start there, in the primary schools - you need to tell much younger people.'
Josh Osbourne, a mentor at youth charity Carney's Community, said 10-year-olds live in fear, saying: 'They can't even cross the road because they're at odds or in a dispute with somebody else from literally the same postcode but across the road.'
Andy Smith, from social enterprise The Feel Good Bakery, told Ms Dick young people carry blades for protection, saying: 'They say they feel naked if they haven't got their knife with them.'
She was told community groups are 'screaming out' for a relationship with police, but the force is 'not following up'
Scotland Yard launched the latest phase of Operation Sceptre earlier this month, cracking down on knife crime. Pictured is the Comissioner with Borough Commander A/DCS Peter Laverick
The capital has seen a wave of knife attacks in recent weeks, with more than a dozen people killed or seriously injured.
Scotland Yard launched the latest phase of Operation Sceptre earlier this month, cracking down on knife crime.
But despite more than 70 arrests for possession of offensive weapons and knives, within a week three more people had been fatally stabbed.
Speaking to the media after the meeting, Ms Dick said it was 'pretty horrifying' to hear of armed six-year-olds.
She said: 'It's outrageous to hear a six-year-old is carrying a knife, for whatever reason.
'That's something a police officer by themselves or even a police force isn't going to be able to have very much impact on. The question there is what are the parents doing? What are the school doing?'
Ms Dick said youngsters often carry knives for 'some kind of respect, some kind of kudos', but added: 'I do accept there are places where some of our young people are scared and they feel it makes sense to carry a knife.
L-R Commander David Musker, Byron, Sandra, Aaron, Tanya Douglas-Letts and other members of the family
Outlining her plans for early intervention to tackle the epidemic, Ms Dick said she wants to try and stop knife crime attacks before they happen
'I can say as long as I live that it does not make them safer. They may not hear that message from me... we need to get people in communities, we need to get people in schools, we need to get parents understanding and helping young people to understand... it will end in tragedy, probably, for them.'
Outlining her plans for early intervention to tackle the epidemic, Ms Dick said: 'I want to shift us further into prevention. I want all of us to be working on stopping this before it happens.
'Community groups will be an incredibly important part of that. We need to play our part, but it is only a part.'
The Commissioner still has work to do to reach those communities - Mr Osbourne said the meeting was 'about as much use as a chocolate teapot'.
He added: 'We have realised that the things that we need, the Commissioner is unable to provide.'
A Capcom executive has announced that official development on the Resident Evil 6 PC version of the game didn't begin until after the console versions were finally completed. While this might come off as neglectful to PC gamers, Capcom is instead attempting to learn from its past mistakes.
The console version of Resident Evil 6 will arrive on shelves in just two weeks (try out the demo now), but PC gamers will be put on hold for a while longer. Senior Vice President of Capcom, Christian Svensson, has announced that, though the console version of the game will be ready for release on schedule, the PC version hasn't been touched until the console versions were fully completed and officially approved by Sony and Microsoft.
Due to the large amount of negative reception received from Resident Evil 4's PC version, Capcom wants to avoid making the same mistakes twice. The developer planned out early on to use the final codebase from the console version as a starting point for the PC version, which made them wait a much longer time before beginning said development. Though the team working on the PC version is “small, but appropriately sized”, as stated by Svensson, the team will “do a better job”.
In the past, gamers have questioned Capcom's commitment to the PC platform, disbelieving that the developer puts forth the effort to the PC side of their games. Reiterating Capcom's previous statements, Svensson said that it may have been the case for Resident Evil games (and others) before, but it won't happen for Resident Evil 6.
Projects like this you guys seem to think are 'trivial' but they are not," he said. "When they get treated as trivial, you end up with Resident Evil 4 PC… which I don't think too many true fans were pleased with.
No new information on release dates or PC specific features have been said, but we hope that Capcom keeps their word and gives the PC community a co-op title worth their time and patience.
It will be some time still before we provide details on release dates and PC specific parameters.
Source: Uk.gamespot.com
Izvor: N1
Ministarstvo financija pripremilo je prijedlog porezne reforme koju će predložiti bez obzira na to što idu prijevremeni izbori.
Očito je da će HDZ u predizbornom vremenu nuditi manje poreze, jer je ministar financija, Zdravko Marić, govorio o rasterećenju poreza na dohodak izmjenom najviše stope od 40 posto, ali i olakšice za najmanje plaće.
VEZANE VIJESTI Marić zadovoljan: Blagajna se puni bolje nego lani
No najavio je i promjene u porezu na dobit, posebno olakšice za male i srednje poduzetnike. Čak i stopa PDV-a može i treba ići dolje, rekao je Marić, objašnjavajući da Hrvatska ima jednu od najvećih stopa u Europi. "Porezna reforma je nužnost, bez obzira na to tko će ih provoditi. Previše je olakšica i rasterećenja, treba ih smanjiti, a spustiti opću stopu", rekao je Marić.
Podsjetimo, ministar financija u tehničkoj Vladi, Zdravko Marić, predstavio je proračun u prvih šest mjeseci 2016. godine. Više pročitajte OVDJE.
N1 pratite putem aplikacija za Android | iPhone/iPad | Windows| i društvenih mreža Twitter | Facebook | Instagram.
Following up on my last post, I'd like to ask you which argument for libertarianism you find most compelling (do feel free to specify the version of libertarianism you affirm). In some ways, this should be easier than naming the best argument against libertarianism, though I find myself a bit puzzled as to which argument I think is most compelling. There are, after all, those I find compelling, and then there are arguments I think most reasonable people should find compelling. Nonetheless, here are two that move me (as arguments for more radical strands of libertarianism, such as market anarchism):
(1) Competition is great and worth trying: the best argument for market anarchism, in my opinion, is the promise of private competition for the production of nearly all goods and services (save unjust ones, like slaves). Even though I'm concerned about whether markets can handle the more standard forms of government services, like defense, given how rare it is to find private provision, I think it is certainly worth trying. In theory, competition could internalize the costs defense organizations typically impose on others (that is, state militaries), generate a great deal of innovation and encourage the application of more rigorous standards of accountability to private firms in contrast to military states. These are all attractive features.
(2) Political authority is really hard to justify: we don't have a good argument that monopoly government is justified. Michael Huemer gives some good arguments against many standard views in his book, though I certainly don't agree with all of his claims (see my post on his book here). But Robert Paul Wolff and A. John Simmons provide good arguments as well (though in Simmons's case, the arguments are against political authority but not against the existence of the state). (Note: I think some states have political authority: most of their citizens owe them obedience on a sharply circumscribed range of issues. But reasonable libertarians have no political obligations beyond complying with institutions that function reasonably like market-based legal services, like tort law decisions.)
So if political authority is hard to justify and competition is great and worth trying, the biggest problem for market anarchism is that it cannot rely on being the default the least coercive system, but we may be able to secure some degree of agreement on the matter in a small geographic zone within which we can experiment.
The Washington Redskins visit the Philadelphia Eagles for the first division game for each team. Mark Saltveit from BleedingGreenNation reached out to have a friendly conversation to go alongside the traditional 5 6 Questions that we exchange with each other. The chat will take place using the interactive ReplyAll service, which allows users to ask each other questions and post the conversation into articles like this.
The chat started with DeSean Jackson, and continued with DeSean Jackson, before we touched on some other issues. The Eagles Jekyll and Hyde halves, their OL, and WR issues have also been discussed. Feel free to ask any question you would like answered, and I will attempt to get answers. This thread will continue all week until the game on Sunday, so check back often.
1
Moments ago, the Syrian Arab Army's 4th Mechanized Division – in coordination with Hezbollah, Harakat Al-Nujaba (Iraqi paramilitary), the National Defense Forces (NDF) of Aleppo City, and Kataebat Al-Ba'ath (Al-Ba'ath Battalions) – carried out a successful mission to capture the farms located between the strategic towns of Khan Touman and Qarass in southern Aleppo.
According to a field report from southern Aleppo this morning, the Syrian Armed Forces and Lebanese Resistance surprised the Islamist rebels from Harakat Noureddine Al-Zinki, Harakat Ahrar Al-Sham, Liwaa Suqour Al-Sham, and the Syrian Al-Qaeda group “Jabhat Al-Nusra” with an assault at several locations after taking a brief hiatus from this offensive in order to repel the encroaching Islamic State of Iraq and Al-Sham (ISIS) fighters at Al-Safira and Ithriya.
With these farms under control, the Syrian Armed Forces and Lebanese Resistance have the ability to attack Khan Touman from two different flanks (east and north); previously, they only had access to the northern perimeter of the aforementioned town, which did bode well for an offensive attack due to the strategic advantages the enemy had around this rugged terrain.
Should the Syrian Armed Forces and Lebanese Resistance choose to attack Khan Touman, the assault would come from the eastern flank, where the enemy is not well-positioned.
The purpose of the Khan Touman offensive is to cut off the Aleppo-Damascus International Highway that is used by the Islamist rebels in Idlib to transport supplies to their comrades in southern Aleppo.
Advertisements
Trade union decline is not inevitable, argues Usdaw general secretary John Hannett
The latest figures on trade union membership in the United Kingdom showed that it fell to 6.2 million, down 4.6 per cent on last year. Times are certainly tough for unions. We are operating in a fragmented labour market, with growing levels of insecure work, from zero hours contracts to bogus self-employment, making it more difficult to reach out to workers. The public sector, where union membership has traditionally been high, stands depleted after seven years of austerity, and we have a government whose anti-trade union agenda was clear from day one.
It is easy to become despondent, but we must not accept that continued trade union decline is inevitable, or that unions are no longer relevant. According to the latest Ipsos Mori poll, almost eight in 10 people in Britain agree that trade unions are essential to protect workers' interests. However, we know that less than a quarter of workers are union members, so there is a gap between the abstract idea of unions as a ‘good thing' and people taking the step to join one. The only way to bridge that gap is by organising. Often, the barrier to people joining a union is simply that they have never been asked.
My union, Usdaw, represents workers exclusively in the private sector, in the sort of jobs where unstable working patterns, a high proportion of young workers, and relatively high staff turnover would typically point to declining union membership levels. However, our membership has actually grown by almost 100,000 over the last decade, as a result of our strategic approach to organising.
Our aim has been to create a sustainable organising model, with structures in which workplace representatives build relationships with their members and deal with issues at local level, with the support of their area organiser. Our reps do an incredible job for us, so it is a major priority for us to support them and help them to develop skills and confidence.
We measure and review every aspect of our performance, and growing the union is something that everyone is responsible for. This is not the pursuit of growth for its own sake, but to strengthen workers' collective voice and get the best possible results for them, both in terms of collective bargaining and campaigning.
Usdaw's campaigns are an essential part of our strategy to improve members' working lives, and those campaigns help to raise our profile in workplaces too. To give just one example, our ‘Freedom from Fear' campaign gives retail workers a voice in their own store, at national level with their employer and in the public eye, to say that abuse at work is not acceptable and that workers need to be protected.
It is essential that we get the message out to young workers that unions are for them. While the government's ‘national living wage' excludes workers under 25, Usdaw has negotiated for the removal of youth rates in all of our major food retail agreements. We are working with employers to ensure that good quality apprenticeships are available and that apprentices are fairly paid. Young workers, who are disproportionately likely to be in low paid, insecure work, need unions and unions need them.
Unions are working hard to stay representative and to extend our influence, but there are many more challenges ahead, especially with the prospect of Brexit and its potential impact on every sector. It is vital that we continue to adapt our organising strategies to ensure that more workers have a say on their terms and conditions and are protected at work in the uncertain times ahead. The trade union movement may be facing difficulties, but it is needed more than ever.
–––––––––
John Hannett is general secretary of Usdaw. He tweets at @JohnHannett
–––––––––
Photo
This cartoon was commissioned; I was asked to draw a before and after with approximate instructions. When it was done, I immediately worried about the before. The family looks too warm and sane. Doesn't the official “before” picture come with an abusive rabbi in a dark basement or some dysfunctional family which festers dark secrets behind closed doors?
I suppose, I thought, after my pencil had brought to life a crowded and safe home, for me this is how I remember it. A religious childhood home can be safe, and warm and rich with tradition and it can still be stifling and oppressive and limited. It's what makes leaving so damn hard.
Most of the time the journey from Hasidism out is depicted in a before and after template, the before picture consisting of a droopy nosed Hasid in a wild beard and a bride in frightening eighties wedding gown and hair that stands as wide as the shoulder pads. The after picture is glorified by a full shave, a target tshirt, the dippity do from the payos now in the hair. All of it, the critics say, very superficial.
So I took it upon myself to conduct a longitudinal survey with forty samples and find out what their before and after is like in words. The scientific approach behind it was to post the question on facebook and ask people to describe their before and after. The first thing the study proved is that OTDs are a group of wise guys
Vice-President of the International Committee of the Red Cross said that Russia has been a vocal actor in solving humanitarian issues in Syria, as well as helped to facilitate evacuation of thousands of civilians from Aleppo last December.
© AP Photo / Hassan Ammar Russian Military Delivers Six Tons of Aid to Citizens of Syrian Aleppo Province
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)Russia has been a vocal actor in solving humanitarian issues in Syria, as well as helped to facilitate evacuation of thousands of civilians from Aleppo last December, Christine Beerli, Vice-President of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), said Wednesday.
"The Russian Federation has repeatedly expressed concern over the flight of civilians, protection of medical facilities and other humanitarian issues in the Syrian conflict… On a practical level, cooperation between ICRC and the Russian Federation among others helped facilitate the evacuation of some 35,000 people from Aleppo last December to give you just one example," Beerli said during the Moscow Conference on International Security.
Moscow has been supporting Damascus in its fight against numerous terrorist groups. Within the framework of this support, Russia has been conducting an aerial operation against terrorists in Syria and providing humanitarian aid to the residents of the crisis-torn country.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Pirate3D
One of the lures of a 3D printer is the ability to create and get a result that is so tactile. Your design dreams become real objects. If only the price weren't so high.
A lot of people are waiting for a 3D printer that is easy to use and doesn't cost much more than a regular printer. The Buccaneer from Pirate3D on Kickstarter is looking to deliver on both those fronts.
The Buccaneer goes all-in with an Apple-style aesthetic. It's the sort of printer you won't hide under your desk. The plastic printing material comes spooled in cartridges, which are placed into the top of the machine. The printing happens inside the cube. A plate in the bottom lowers to access the object once it's done.
The software that comes with the machine is designed to be as simple as possible. You can hook the Buccaneer up to a PC or mobile device, allowing you to create your own designs or use designs from Pirate3D's store.
Pirate3D already has working prototypes. The Kickstarter fundraising is geared to help move the development schedule along and get the machine into production. A $447 pledge includes a $50 shipping charge and gets you a Buccaneer along with five extra cartridges of print material. Additional cartridges will sell for $12.
At such a low price, a lot of people will feel like the Buccaneer is worth a shot. So far, 1,437 Kickstarter backers have rocketed the device to $551,221 in funding with 25 days left, blowing away the original $100,000 goal. Sounds like everyone is ready for a home 3D printing solution and the Buccaneer is hitting all the sweet spots to make it happen.
You've got plenty of choices when you want to listen to free music on the web. The question is, what's the best option—especially if you're interested in possibly even paying for an unlimited, mobile-friendly, offline-possible streaming experience?
Here's a graphical rundown of how the major streaming services [1] stack up (click the small image for the full-sized version), followed by the straight text. Want to simply see what we liked about the streaming services? Head right to our "Best of the Bunch" picks.
Advertisement
On-Demand Streaming
Availability: Finland, France, the Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, UK
Pricing: Varies by country, but UK customers are offered:
• "Open," 20 hours of lower-bitrate streaming with advertisements: Free
• "Free," unlimited streaming at lower bitrates with advertisements: Free (with invitation)
• "Unlimited," with no restriction on streaming and no advertisements: £4.99 per month (just under $8 U.S.)
• "Premium," with no ads or restrictions, higher bitrate streaming, offline storage of playlist tracks, and mobile apps and streaming: £9.99 per month (just under $16 U.S.)
Platforms: Web, Windows, Mac, Linux, iOS, Android, Symbian; BlackBerry under development; unofficial client available on Windows Mobile.
Size of music library: Approximately 8 million tracks from major label and indie artists.
Stream rate: 160 kbps for Free and Unlimited plans, 320 kbps for Premium.
Offline storage: Premium subscribers only, up to 3,333 tracks.
Other features: Desktop apps do a fine job managing all your offline music.
Free trial of subscription: No.
Advertisement
Availability: U.S. and Canada.
Pricing:
• Rdio Unlimited, with desktop players, mobile apps, and music downloads: $9.99 (U.S.) per month
• Rdio Web, unlimited streaming through web site: $4.99 per month.
Platforms: Browser only through "Web"; browser, Adobe AIR desktop apps for Windows and Mac, and iPhone, Android, and BlackBerry apps with "Unlimited" plan.
Size of music library: About seven million tracks.
Stream rate: Undisclosed, but representatives claimed it ran "higher than the 64kbps streaming bit rate offered by Rhapsody."
Offline storage: Playlists can be synced offline with Unlimited, no limits described.
Other features: "Syncing" to iTunes and Windows Media Player, so that your existing offline music and playlists is reflected in your online Rdio dashboard, and you can access an online copy of your playlists anywhere.
Free trial of subscription: Three days of Rdio Web, no credit card needed.
Availability: U.S. only.
Pricing:
• "Rhapsody Premier" with unlimited streaming and (subscription-restricted) downloads to one phone or MP3 player: $9.99 per month.
• "Rhapsody Premier Plus" ups the total of portable synced devices to three: $14.99 per month.
Platforms: Windows and Mac, with apps for iOS, Android, select Verizon Wireless phones, and compatible MP3 players. BlackBerry app in development.
Size of music library: Over 10 million songs
Stream rate: 128 kbps (MP3) for paid accounts, 64 kbps for free previews.
Offline storage: Unlimited downloads of Rhapsody tracks, expire upon subscription ending.
Other features:
Free trial of subscription: 25 streams through the web site per month, and a 14-day trial of Premier, requires credit card and deactivation.
Advertisement
Availability: Global
Pricing:
• "Basic" provides web streaming and customized "radio" stations: $4.99 per month.
• "Primo" covers the Basic plan, plus mobile access and offline storage: $9.99 per month.
Platforms: Web-only for Basic. Primo adds iOS and Android devices.
Size of music library: 7.4 million
Stream rate: 256 kbps through the web, 64 kbps mobile.
Offline storage: On mobile, with either 64 kbps AAC or 320 kbps MP3 files.
Other features:
Free trial of subscription: Three days of Primo service, no credit card needed.
Availability: U.S., UK, Canada, Germany and Japan
Pricing:
• One-month, three-month, and one-year streaming plans; three-month and one-year plans also provide 15 song download credits every three months: $5-$7 per month
• "Napster to Go," with unlimited song transfer for up to three mobile devices: $14.95 per month
Platforms: Windows and compatible MP3 players.
Size of music library: "Over 10 million."
Stream rate: 128-192 kbps, depending on track.
Offline storage: Via download credits.
Other features: Extremely annoying woman appears and starts talking to you in lower-right corner of web site when not signed in. She has human-like features.
Free trial of subscription: Seven days of streaming, no download credits, credit card required.
Advertisement
Availability: Global
Pricing:
• Streaming through Grooveshark's web site, with ads: Free
• Grooveshark VIP, with desktop and mobile apps, no ads, customization options: $3 per month or $30 per year.
Platforms: Desktop streaming through web for free; VIP members get Adobe AIR app for Windows, Mac, and Linux, and mobile apps for Android, Nokia, Palm, BlackBerry, and jailbroken iPhones.
Size of music library: Seven million (unverified)
Stream rate: 192kbps
Offline storage: Yes (through mobile apps)
Other features:
Free trial of subscription: Have appeared in the past.
Radio-Style Streaming
Availability: U.S. only
Pricing:
• 40 hours a month of streaming music, limited (five per hour) skips: Free.
• "Pandora One," with unlimited streaming and skips, no ads, higher quality, and desktop app: $3 per month.
Platforms: Web, Windows & Mac (AIR app), mobile apps for iOS, Android, BlackBerry, webOS, Windows Mobile.
Size of music library: 700,000 tracks.
Stream rate: 64 kbps (AAC+) for free users, 192 kbps for Pandora One
Offline storage: None.
Other features:
Free trial of subscription: None.
Advertisement
Availability: U.S., UK, Germany for continuous free streaming, 30-song trial in all other countries
Pricing:
• Basic sign-up, with unlimited streaming (U.S./UK/Germany) and "scrobbling": Free.
• Subscriber accounts, with no advertising, custom/"Loved" playlists, server priority, and international streaming: $3 per month
Platforms: Windows, Mac, Linux, and iOS, Android, BlackBerry.
Size of music library: 6.5 million songs.
Stream rate: 128 kbps (MP3)
Offline storage: None
Other capabilities: Near-universal "Scrobbling": Keep Last.fm informed about what you're playing and liking through most media players and smartphone apps.
Free trial of subscription: None.
Availability: U.S., Canada
Pricing:
• Unlimited streaming but limited skips: Free.
• "Slacker Radio Plus," with unlimited skips, no ads, mobile app caching for online-to-offline continuity: $4-$5 month (monthly or annual billing).
Platforms: Web streaming through browser, and mobile apps: iOS, Android, BlackBerry, webOS, Windows Mobile.
Size of music library: More than 2.4 million songs.
Stream rate: 128 kbps (MP3) through web, sometimes 64 kbps (AAC+) mobile.
Offline storage: Mobile apps can cache streams for playing when disconnected.
Free trial of subscription: Seven days of Slacker Radio Plus, requires card and must be deactivated.
Advertisement
The Best of the Bunch
That's a lot of stats and numbers to look through, we know. So we'll get a little subjective here and offer up the highlights of streaming music today. We're staying away from streaming quality because raw numbers don't always tell the tale, and we are, sad to say, nothing close to audiophiles:
The Best Services For:
• Global availability: MOG and Grooveshark
• Pricing per track available: MOG
• Multi-platform availability: Spotify and Pandora
• Offline availability: Spotify and Rdio—though without knowing the limits on Rdio's offline syncing.
• Most offered for free: Grooveshark, Last.fm, and Slacker Radio
• Ease of use: Pandora
Advertisement
Our Picks (If You're Paying):
Spotify and MOG:
As Adam Pash put it, Spotify is the closest thing to having both an elegantly synced online/offline music player when you're at your primary laptop, but also having your best music in the cloud for when you're on the go. It doesn't give up everything in its free trial, and, oh, right—it's not available in the U.S. yet. But based on our test run with it, we're hooked. If you're a smartphone owner of nearly any brand, too, Spotify has you covered.
Advertisement
MOG, meanwhile, is available to anyone with unrestricted internet, charges just $5 per month for Pandora-style "radio" streaming, but you've got a lot more control. You can save radio streams that work out well as playlists, hook MOG up with your desktop players to feed it your favorite artists, and offers a whole lot of catalog depth for not a lot of money—just enough to make you feel like skipping the ads and getting access on your iPhone or Android device.
Advertisement
That's our take on the streaming music services, but if there's anything we've learned over the years, it's that people take their music players and collections very seriously. Tell us which service wins your wallet, or just keeps you coming back for the freebies each month, in the comments.
Note: This comparison isn't comprehensive, as the number of webapps offering on-demand or radio-style streaming is nearly unmeasurable. We lined up those services with a notable share of audience and licensing agreements, then ran them down on the criteria we care about.
Advertisement
Another caveat: We weren't able to enter every artist in your favorite playlists and check if they were available in each service. While the "Size of music library" stat we provide for each service is generally indicative of breadth and reach, it may not always feel that way to fans of certain artists. Pandora seems notably light on track count (about 700,000), but I've almost never heard a blues track on repeat—although my wife's workout mixes do seem to basically mirror a decade of high-energy radio. Rhapsody, on the other hand, offers 10 million tracks, and does keep an impressive vault of basically the entire Motown/Stax collection, but I found it seemingly lacking in some of the Blue Note jazz favorites I've seen on other services.
In other words, you'll want to try a service out with some of your favorite artists, even if it requires a very grating credit card entry and deadline deactivation, before you start shelling out cash.
An interview with Ana about the Autonomous Socio-cultural Center (AKSC) in Skopje.
Published by Enough is Enough.
Note: Enough is not organizing any of these events, we are publishing this text for people across the US and Europe to be able to see what is going on and for documentation only.
AKSC Skopje: “We Want to Offer a Space for Creation of the New and Destruction of the Old”
An interview with Ana about the Autonomous Socio-cultural Center (AKSC) in Skopje.
Enough is Enough (EIE): How and when did the Autonomous Socio-cultural Center (AKSC) in Skopje started? (To explain: the history of the first version of AKSC).
Ana: The idea of an autonomous center was not a new one, especially among those of us who have visited this type of places around Europe. Skopje has seen some alternative centers before, but not of this kind. So, this center came out of the need for critical thinking and free expression that was felt in the atmosphere of our society and its creation began spontaneously in March 2013. It was spreading word to mouth and suddenly we were there, a group of 30 people sitting together in the city park discussing our needs about the space we were about to create.
As we were discussing our ideas, they started to materialize and were transformed into action. We decided to rent a space in an old building that once belonged to the railway workers and we succeeded to equip the space practicing DIY culture with minimal budget and all sorts of donations: from paint, chairs & shelves to cups and teapots for which we are very grateful to the local community.
EIE: What kind of activities took place at the AKSC in the past?
Ana: Only in one year we managed to organize around 200 events including movie projections, discussions, presentations, book promotions, diy & creative workshops, free language courses, music evenings, tea parties, collective kitchen & cooking events, workshops for children, exhibitions, performances, poetry readings, really really free market, psychology & personal development workshops. That's where our first organic food coop started. Different kinds of organizations could come for their meetings there. It offered a shelter for many travelers on their way throughout Europe. We had our own zine and a library which we still keep today!
EIE: Can you tell us something about the interaction between activism and independent culture in Macedonia?
Ana: At the moment, the independent culture is fighting for its life in Macedonia. Most of the alternative spaces are shut down and public spaces are flooded with easy-to-sell type of culture. There are some people that are working for their causes, but I would say, like isolated atoms in our society. So, we are trying to find a formula that would end with a reaction that would bring them together.
EIE: About two years ago the AKSC was closed. Now people are working on a AKSC 2.0. What were the reasons AKSC closed and will there be a differnce between AKSC 1.0 and AKSC 2.0?
Ana: We had to close it down because on one hand, there were some attacks on the space showing us that we are not very welcome anymore. I see this as a sign that our activities had an impact after all. On the other hand, we struggled with financial difficulties because the concept of donation is pretty new to us and many people can't see that a donation was crucial to keeping it alive. But, a lesson lived is a lesson learned, so in the new space we would like to implement more ways of reaching financial stability, for example, making our own products or a small publishing project.
EIE: AKSC 2.0 will be created and maintained by the KoprivaKolektiv/The Nettle Collective. Can you tell us something about the collective?
Ana: This is a very new collective, but we carry an idea recycled from the experiences we've had the past 5-6 years with different collectives and organizations. I can say that we have experienced good and hard times, so this collective is trying to avoid the ways that didn't work in the past and to take our horizon to a whole new level. Every member has his own artistic project and brings his personal touch in the group. For the first time, we are formally registered as an association for independent culture and we would like to act in every possible way – formal and informal, to experiment with ways of expression and to break the old patterns of functioning, even within activism itself. This Nettle will sting!
EIE: Can you already tell us what kind of activities will take place at AKSC in the future?
Ana: Similar like the first one, in this place people can come and do something that is not possible elsewhere, without the boring bureaucratic processes. Also, it will be more open for hanging out, socialization and a good place to meet a stranger with a cup of tea or find a good book to read. We welcome all kinds of wanderers, poets, artists and everyone who would like to share their talent and is ready to question the fabric of our reality! J Also, we would like to continue with more workshops and practical things and be less theoretical. Personal development is also a very important topic for us.
EIE: What are the main objectives of AKSC?
Ana: First of all, to offer a home for freedom-friendly ideas. We want to inspire people to take charge and responsibility for their lives, they choose the medium through which that process happens. We want to see people who no longer live automatically in pre-arranged schemes, but to be able to recognize, criticize and visualize what kind of life is close to their heart. We want to offer a space for creation of the new and destruction of the old. And in this process, we are not trying to be likeable or commercial. Quality before quantity!
EIE: Do you need support and when yes, how can people support the project?
Ana: We would really appreciate a helping hand! At the moment we are running a crowdfunding campaign on the platform Firefund, which is run by a very dedicated and a fantastic collective! Everyone who supports our ideas can help us by donating on the following link or simply by spreading the word J
https://www.firefund.net/aksc-skopje
AKSC 2.0 also has a Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/AKSC2/
Video about the AKSC (For English subtitles click at the first button on the right side at the bottom of the video player)
Help maintain our site and continue our work: Donate
On November 15 we will return to Barcelona but we do need your support to make our independent on the ground reports possible.
On December 16 we will return to Lesvos to report about the situation of refugees on the Greek island.
We want to stay independent and want to expand our work with coverage from on the ground across Europe and even beyond. Therefore we need your support. Help maintain our site and continue our work.
You can donate on our Paypal account: enough14@gmx.net
Crowdfunding campaign: https://www.youcaring.com/enough14solidarity
Our latest documentary about the situation of refugees on Lesvos:
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Print
Email
Pocket
Telegram
WhatsApp
Skype
Like this: Like Loading...
After being arrested in 2010, former San Francisco Human Rights Commission employee Larry Brinkin, 67, made a plea deal with the city today, admitting that he did in fact possess child pornography. He will serve only 6 months of prison time, six months of home detention, and four years' probation.
If you recall, police say that Brinkin had pornographic images in emails attached to his AOL account, imagery that showed children "as young as 1 and 2 or 3 years old being sodomized and performing oral sex on adult men." During one disturbing conversation using the email [email protected], according to a 2012 SF Weekly article, Brinkin once commented, "I loved especially the nigger 2 year old getting nailed. Hope you'll continue so I can see what the little blond bitch is going to get. White Power! White Supremacy! White Dick Rules!"
Today's plea deal effectively dropped this charge of distributing child pornography.
According to SF Examiner: "Brinkin's defense attorney Randall Knox said today that his client is 'genuinely remorseful' and 'has a much greater understanding of the damage child pornography creates.' "
Noted for his advocacy work, at least prior to his arrest, the San Francisco Board of Supervisors approved a resolution proclaiming the week of Feb. 1, 2010, "Larry Brinkin Week," stating that his "dedication to advance the civil rights of all people has never stopped."
Two new spaces are opening in Manchester to meet growing demand from the creative sector.
Allied London have announced the creation of ALL Studios to provide valuable studio space for the TV, film and music industries.
Chief executive Michael Ingall says Allied London's acquisition of the former ITV studios has coincided with an unprecedented change in the TV film and music industry which has given rise to a greater demand for smaller, independent single and multi-camera studios.
“In just the last three years we have seen the likes of Netflix, Amazon Prime, Apple moving towards owning, making and distributing creative film and TV content and the rapid growth of music disrupters like Spotify, changing the media consumer industry in an unprecedented way. ALL Studios have been established to seek new opportunities within this very dynamic new industry and develop these assets we have”.
Piers Read of Wimbledon Film & TV Studios, who has joined Allied London to lead ALL Studios, says the reason Old Granada Studios are being brought back to their original purpose and design is market-led.
“Demand for studio space in the UK is at an all-time high and ALL Studios must be at the forefront of this new market for Manchester. Over the past decade Manchester has done a great job putting itself on the media map. It now has a chance to become the go-to city for film, TV and music over the next five years and we are uniquely positioned to cater to the demands and needs of this growing market.”
When it acquired Old Granada Studios in 2013, Allied London pledged to retain the heritage of the estate, which included the main studios. It has already set up Low Four Studio in partnership with Salford University and has created Recording Corridor where several independent music companies and Reform Radio are operating. It is looking to create a further 20 studios over the next two years, particularly for TV and music.
At the other end of town, a new independent rehearsal workspace is to open its doors to local performing arts, television and production companies to meet growing demand.
Hope Studios will take over the first floor of Marlboro House in the Northern Quarter, the building that used home Sunshine Dance Studios, and will offer up to six studio spaces.
The studios are a collaboration between the award-winning Hope Mill Theatre, Play With Fire Productions and Aria Entertainment, who spotted a gap in the market for accessible and affordable rehearsal space for the growing number of theatre, television and dance companies visiting and relocating to Manchester. The aim is for them to become a community and networking space for the performance sector.
“There is such a need for studio space like this in the city as the rising number of creatives working in Manchester is at an all-time high,” says Hope Mill Theatre artistic director Joseph Houston. “It is an extremely exciting time for the theatre industry. Artists are realising this is the place to be and we hope that Hope Studios meets a much-needed requirement for quality, accessible rehearsal studios for people to create their work.”
The studios will incorporate Play With Fire's extensive library for actors to borrow scripts for rehearsal or simply read in the comfortable communal area.
“This is a worthy and vital new project filling an important gap in the Manchester creative scene,” says Hannah Ellis from Play With Fire. “We want To Hope Studios to be a thriving hub of creativity, with not just rehearsal space, but also community areas, a marketing aid, lessons, collaborations and much more.”
Industry professionals are invited to have a look around the new creative spaces on Wednesday 15th March between 1pm and 3pm.
In testing the effects of the controversial chemical bisphenol A (BPA) on zebrafish, UW-Milwaukee scientist Daniel Weber found himself in familiar territory.
The results he observed were similar to those he'd seen when exposing the fish to mercury during their early development -- profound behavioral changes occurred not only immediately after hatching, but also in adulthood.
Like developmental exposure to mercury, adult fish that had been exposed to tiny amounts of BPA as embryos had learning and memory problems, compared to fish that had not been exposed.
Weber, a researcher with the NIEHS Children's Environmental Health Science Core Center at UWM, collaborated with Robert Tanguay at Oregon State University. Their pilot study, funded by the center, is the first to identify a neurobehavioral effect of BPA using a zebrafish model exposed to concentrations comparable to what humans might encounter in the environment.
"What was amazing is that exposure only happened at the embryonic stage," says Weber, "but somehow the wiring in the brain had been permanently altered by it. It's an example of why children are not just little adults when it comes to gauging the effects of contaminants."
Zebrafish as sentinels
BPA is widely used in plastic food containers and container liners. Conflicting reports of its safety have made it the subject of vigorous public debate. Amid the debate, the Campbell's Soup Company recently announced it would be removing BPA from the linings of the company's soup cans as soon as a viable alternative is found.
At issue is the amount of exposure with some studies concluding BPA is a health risk only at concentrations that are higher than environmental levels. Results of this study, however, suggest that lower concentrations may be more potent during early-life exposures. This study tested three different small amounts considered environmentally relevant.
The compound, which mimics the hormone estrogen, was added to the aquatic environment of fish embryos in their first two days of life. Then they were returned to clean water for the ensuing 10 months while they grew into middle-age adulthood.
Since zebrafish mature in only a few months, they are a useful model to test effects of toxicity over a lifetime. Scientists also can control the conditions and timing of chemical exposure with zebrafish because the embryos can live outside the mother.
Tanguay says the low concentrations of BPA they used don't cause physical malformations or cardiac defects. But even without physical abnormalities, behavioral deficits can still occur, as this study indicates.
The exam
Using a T-shaped maze, Weber freed adult fish that were exposed to BPA as embryos at the base of the T and conditioned them choose the left arm of the intersection. He then reversed the task, conditioning them to choose the right.
It took seven to ten trials for an unexposed fish to learn this. But the exposed fish took two to three times as many trials to learn it. Almost none of the fish exposed to the highest levels of BPA Weber used learned even the first part of the task.
For comparison, the team also exposed some of the zebrafish embryos to two other substances -- one a natural estrogen and the other a synthetic version. Similar to equal amounts of BPA, the other two substances caused hyperactivity at the larval stage.
Weber says multiple behavioral outcomes are not only changed by BPA, but those behaviors -- immediate hyperactivity and later-stage learning impairment -- may be inter-related.
"Being hyperactive -- or even hypersensitive to an environmental stimulus -- makes it difficult to learn," he says. "We've seen that with children."
In the next step of the work, Tanguay's lab will investigate the molecular mechanism that links BPA exposure to interference in normal neurodevelopment.
More behavioral research also is needed, says Weber. He expected to see differences in the resulting behaviors of the sexes since BPA are a kind of estrogen. But he found no evidence of that. Social behaviors, however, may show a sex-based effect due to BPA exposure and that is the subject of his next experiments.
The Louisville Slugger Silver Slugger Awards were distributed for another year on Thursday, and while there were several repeat winners and unquestioned qualifiers, the 2014 lineups for each league included eight first-time recipients. At the head of the list of players earning a first Silver Slugger Award is Jose Altuve, who unseated Robinson Cano after four straight awards at second base in the American League. The Giants' World Series-winning battery of Madison Bumgarner and Buster Posey took home honors, as well.
In an era when pitching and defense have become so powerful, the art of hitting the ball and creating runs remains a force in Major League Baseball. At each position in the field, there's someone capable of doing some damage at the plate, and those who accomplished the most by swinging wood during the 2014 regular season have been honored with silver for their efforts.
In an era when pitching and defense have become so powerful, the art of hitting the ball and creating runs remains a force in Major League Baseball. At each position in the field, there's someone capable of doing some damage at the plate, and those who accomplished the most by swinging wood during the 2014 regular season have been honored with silver for their efforts.
The Louisville Slugger Silver Slugger Awards were distributed for another year on Thursday, and while there were several repeat winners and unquestioned qualifiers, the 2014 lineups for each league included eight first-time recipients. At the head of the list of players earning a first Silver Slugger Award is Jose Altuve, who unseated Robinson Cano after four straight awards at second base in the American League. The Giants' World Series-winning battery of Madison Bumgarner and Buster Posey took home honors, as well.
The Angels' Mike Trout picked up his third Silver Slugger Award in three years, and the Rangers' Adrian Beltre returned to the list with his fourth to lead the repeat honorees. Five teams wound up with a pair of winners, as determined by balloting by managers and coaches of all 30 Major League teams who were asked to vote for the players they feel are the best offensive producers at each position.
This year's winners:
AMERICAN LEAGUE
First base: Jose Abreu, White Sox
Abreu didn't waste any time in establishing himself in the Majors upon signing a six-year, $68 million deal with the White Sox after defecting from Cuba. He's paying dividends already. With a strong .317 average to go with 36 homers and 107 RBIs, Abreu became the first rookie to rank in the top five in all three Triple Crown categories, and only the fourth player to go for 30 doubles, 30 homers and 100 RBIs in his rookie season -- the first since fellow candidate Albert Pujols in 2001.
Second base: Jose Altuve, Astros
The little man swings a big bat. The 5-foot-5 Altuve was a revelation in 2014 with his all-around offensive assault in either of the top two spots of the Astros' order. Altuve won the franchise's first batting title at .341, led the Majors with 225 hits and led the AL with 56 steals, becoming just the third player since 1945 to win league titles in those three categories (the last being Ichiro Suzuki in 2001).
Video: Jose Altuve wins 2014 Silver Slugger Award
Third base: Adrian Beltre, Rangers
Beltre's four Silver Slugger Awards are the most among this year's winners, and he has taken three of the AL's last five at the hot corner. Beltre is just the fourth third baseman with four awards, joining Wade Boggs (eight), Mike Schmidt (six) and Matt Williams (four). Beltre stood out as a model of offensive consistency amid a season that went downhill quickly for his team, managing to put up a .324 average with 19 home runs and 77 RBIs, leading Texas in all three categories for a second time in as many years.
Shortstop: Alexei Ramirez, White Sox
It's a second Silver Slugger Award for Ramirez to go with his 2011 trophy, as he led AL shortstops in homers (15), RBIs (74), slugging percentage (.408), extra-base hits (52) and total bases (254). Ramirez is the fourth member of the White Sox to win multiple Silver Slugger Awards, and he and Abreu became the first Cuban-born teammates to win the honor in the same season.
Outfield: Mike Trout, Angels; Jose Bautista, Blue Jays; Michael Brantley, Indians
Trout's assault on the record books continued in 2014, when he scored 115 runs to become the first player in history to lead his league in the category in each of his first three seasons. The five-tool phenom tallied big numbers across the board for the third time in three tries, setting or tying career highs in doubles with 39, triples with nine, home runs with 36 and RBIs with 111.
Video: Mike Trout wins third career Silver Slugger Award
Bautista was simply a machine when it came to getting on base this season, a lot of times just jogging his way around the bases after a towering home run. Bautista reached base safely in an uncanny 140 of his 154 starts in 2014. After going deep 35 times this past season, he has 187 homers since 2010, more than anyone else in the Majors.
As for Brantley, what part of 200 hits, 40 doubles, 20 homers and 20 steals doesn't make sense for winning a Silver Slugger Award? Answer: None of it. He's a first-time winner.
Catcher: Yan Gomes, Indians
Beyond Brantley, the Tribe grabbed a pair of Silver Sluggers with its catcher taking one home. In his first full season in the Majors, Gomes led AL catchers in batting average (.278), on-base plus slugging percentage (.785) and extra-base hits (49), ranking second in RBIs (74) and third in homers (21).
Designated hitter: Victor Martinez, Tigers
With a dangerous bat and one of the best eyes at the plate in the game, Martinez delivered some huge numbers for the Tigers -- career numbers. Martinez set personal highs with a .335 average, a .409 on-base percentage, a .565 slugging percentage, 32 homers and 217 total bases, and he led all baseball with a .974 OPS. Martinez picked up his second Silver Slugger Award, the first coming at catcher in a tie with Ivan Rodriguez in 2004.
Video: Victor Martinez wins 2014 Silver Slugger Award
NATIONAL LEAGUE
First base: Adrian Gonzalez, Dodgers
Talk about your double threat. Gonzalez already collected a Gold Glove Award this offseason, and he matched his 2011 performance while with the Red Sox by picking up some silver to go with that gold. Bonus: He's the only player to win both this year. Gonzalez's second Silver Slugger Award came primarily courtesy of his NL-leading 116 RBIs, clinching his seventh season with 100 or more RBIs.
Second base: Neil Walker, Pirates
The hometown kid is bringing some hardware back to Pittsburgh this offseason, snagging his first Silver Slugger Award after his fifth full season and a second trip to the postseason in as many tries. Walker hit a career-high 23 homers with 76 RBIs and added 25 doubles to rise above the rest at second base.
Third base: Anthony Rendon, Nationals
Rendon began the season at second base and moved to third when All-Star Ryan Zimmerman was injured, and Rendon stuck at the hot corner with a consistently productive bat for a Nationals team that ran away with the NL East crown. Rendon, 24, led the NL with 111 runs scored, and he led the Nats with 66 extra-base hits.
Video: Anthony Rendon wins 2014 Silver Slugger Award
Shortstop: Ian Desmond, Nationals
Make it three in a row for Desmond, who went for 20 homers and 20 steals for the third straight season and stood out among his peers as a leader not only in the infield but in the batting order. He led NL shortstops with 24 homers and joins Trout as the only players to go 3-for-3 in silver the last three years.
Outfield:
Andrew McCutchen, Pirates; Giancarlo Stanton, Marlins; Justin Upton, Braves
The standout here is Stanton, who became a true force in the NL this season before a harrowing beaning ended his season on Sept. 11. Stanton still wound up as the NL's leader in homers with 37 and total bases with 299, and he was the Senior Circuit's Hank Aaron Award winner. This is his first Silver Slugger Award, but he probably ought to go ahead and purchase the multi-bat rack for these things.
Video: Giancarlo Stanton wins 2014 Silver Slugger Award
McCutchen, meanwhile, hits in the No. 3 spot for the Pirates, and he makes his team go. His .952 OPS led the NL, and his offensive numbers in earning a third straight Silver Slugger Award actually were a tick up from last year's portfolio, which earned him an NL MVP Award.
Upton picked up his second Silver Slugger Award, his first since 2011 as a member of the D-backs, and he did it with 29 homers and a career-high 102 RBIs despite the Braves' rough second half.
Catcher: Buster Posey, Giants
Posey was at the center of San Francisco's surge down the stretch, batting .393 with 18 RBIs in September to help push the Giants into their NL Wild Card position. He wound up with a .354 second-half batting average that was tops in the Majors, and his .311 overall average and .346 average with runners in scoring position both ranked fourth in the NL.
Video: Buster Posey wins 2014 Silver Slugger Award
Pitcher: Madison Bumgarner, Giants
Even before he became a walking history book with MVP honors in both the NLCS and a World Series he made his own stage, Bumgarner had become a threat at the plate in 2014 en route to winning his first Silver Slugger Award. Bumgarner showed plenty of power, going for two grand slams among his four homers on the season. After pedestrian numbers at the plate his first few years, the ace left-hander went off in 2014 by going 17-for-66 (.258 average), knocking in 15 runs to go with those four homers and leading all pitchers in average, hits, homers, runs (10) and slugging percentage (.477). (He can pitch a little bit, too.)
With their battery double, the Giants joined the Indians, Pirates, Nationals and White Sox with a pair of Silver Slugger Award winners.
A small Smoon and a young John
One of my worst fears is receiving that one phone call with bad news while being far away. It doesn't matter where you are, it won't change the bad news, but it makes things more complicated.
While waiting for my food at a restaurant in Boston, I received that phone call I feared the most. At that moment it feels as if someone pulls the ground away beneath your feet. I felt completely powerless.
My dad fell ill while riding his bike and fell on the road. Other people saw it happening and performed CPR on him until the ambulance arrived. They managed to bring him back. He went through the eye of the needle.
Seeing him lying at the intensive care unit attached to, what seemed like a thousand tubes, bruised and drugged, felt like a nightmare that came true. Truth is that reality is filled with nightmares. They come and go. Waking up the next morning doesn't always mean that the big bad wolf has run off. He was still among us. My dad was still fighting for his life and all we could do was wait.
Life has it ups and downs and the only thing we can do is take it from the moment we are currently living in and keep on looking forward. Not knowing what will happen the next days was hard. Hard for all of us. My family, the band, the fans. All was uncertain.
A fan wrote to me, "The last thing you lose, is hope." And that sentence kept on going through my head. Thank you to whoever wrote that. It really helped me a lot.
My dad is a very strong man and that was what we held on to. His recovery is a miracle that has left us speechless. I believe that we all helped him by connecting through music, something he also lives for. He loves him some Chopin. So many people were thinking about him and all the positive energy that was sent his way was very powerful.
At this moment he is doing better. We are awaiting what and if surgery lies ahead. He will need a long time to recover, but thank the Energy out there that he is still alive. He proved to us that he is one tough cookie.
Thank you for helping Epica and I, by being so incredibly understanding and caring through this unknown journey. Canceling a tour was the second nightmare that came true in a short period of time, but we will make it up to you! We were all so looking forward to going to North America finally again and then this happened. On top of that Coen also couldn't join us on this tour, but we were bound to make this tour happen.
We will be back, all six of us, full force!
I want to thank my band mates, our management and crew for being the best buddies to work with. It is unbelievable how kind and understanding you all have been. I am grateful to have you. We are a good team that supports each other through the good and the bad. It kind of feels like we're married. ;)
1 Duke I'm going to keep Duke No. 1 despite the news that Harry Giles just had a third knee surgery because, truth is, Mike Krzyzewski can replace him in the starting lineup with another five-star froncourt player, if he wants. Regardless, this is not ideal. It suggests that even if Giles is cleared to resume basketball activities at some point in November he probably won't be back to normal for a while, if ever. So it's time to decrease the likelihood of Duke winning the 2017 national championship. The Blue Devils are still the favorite, I think. But a reduced version of Giles lowers their chances considerably. -- 24-4
2 Kentucky The Wildcats lost three underclassmen to the NBA Draft -- plus Alex Poythress to graduation and Marcus Lee and Charles Matthews via transfer. But, as usual, John Calipari reloaded with a strong recruiting class featuring five five-star prospects. The backcourt of De'Aaron Fox and Malik Monk should be the most exciting in college basketball. -- 24-4
3 Kansas The Jayhawks will likely have a one-and-done player for the fifth straight season thanks to the enrollment of Josh Jackson, whom 247Sports ranked as the No. 1 prospect in the Class of 2016. Barring a surprise, Bill Self will win his 13th consecutive Big 12 title this season. -- 21-7
4 Villanova The Wildcats are without two of their top four scorers from last season's national championship team, including captain Ryan Arcidiacono. And their top incoming freshman, Omari Spellman, has been ruled in eligible. But there are still enough pieces in place to give Jay Wright a legitimate shot at back-to-back titles. -- 20-8
5 Xavier If Villanova doesn't win the Big East, Xavier likely will -- although the offseason suspension of Myles Davis is less than ideal. At this point, it's reasonable to assume Davis will return to the team at some point. If he does, the Musketeers will have the top three scorers from last season's 28-win team back on the court. -- 15-13
6 N. Carolina The Tar Heels are returning six of the top eight scorers from last season's 33-win team and adding three top-60 prospects -- most notably Tony Bradley. So Roy Williams has a real chance to make his ninth Final Four and to maybe become just the sixth coach in Division I history to win at least three national titles. -- 23-5
7 Oregon The Ducks will likely start the season without Dillon Brooks, which means they'll likely start the season without their leading scorer from last season who is now recovering from foot surgery. But as long as he's back in time for Pac-12 play, Oregon should be the favorite to win the league for the second straight season. -- 15-12
8 Virginia Memphis transfer Austin Nichols was terrific during Virginia's offseason trip to Spain and figures to make an immediate impact. Combine him with Virginia's returning pieces and a top-10 recruiting class, and the Cavaliers will likely finish in the top 10 at KenPom for the fourth straight year. 1 24-2
9 Indiana The loss of Yogi Ferrell hurts, undeniably. But Tom Crean still has enough good veteran pieces -- Thomas Bryant, OG Anunoby, James Blackmon, etc. -- to make a run at winning back-to-back Big Ten regular-season championships. 1 13-14
10 UCLA Judging by the mood of UCLA fans, you'd think Steve Alford has something other than a preseason top-15 team and top-five recruiting class set to sign in November. Yes, last season was bad. But the immediate and longterm future both seem bright in Westwood. 1 15-13
11 Wisconsin Greg Gard proved last season that he can coach at a high level once he replaced Bo Ryan. Now he's also recruiting at a high level, which suggests the Badgers will remain nationally relevant for many years to come. 1 19-8
12 Arizona Sean Miller is still looking for his first Final Four, and the late loss of five-star prospect Terrance Ferguson won't make it this season any easier. Regardless, the Wildcats should be able to win at least 25 games for the fifth consecutive season and maybe make their fourth Sweet 16 in a five-year span. 1 16-12
13 Saint Mary's I know it's weird to see anybody other than Gonzaga as the highest-ranked West Coast Conference school. But Randy Bennett returns everybody from a 29-win team and should have a real shot at making the Sweet 16 for the first time since 2010. 1 19-10
14 Gonzaga Mark Few and his staff have been great at landing impactful transfers over the years, and this season will be no different. The presence of Jordan Mathews, Nigel Williams-Goss and Jonathan Williams -- plus the return of a healthy Przemek Karnowski -- means the Zags have the pieces to win at least 25 games for a 10th consecutive year. 1 27-2
15 Michigan St. Nobody has had a worse preseason than Michigan State. The Spartans have lost both Gavin Schilling and UNLV transfer Ben Carter to knee injuries; there's no known timetable for a possible return. Combine that with the fact that Tom Izzo was already going to be without five of his top six scorers from last season - most notably Big Ten Player of the Year Denzel Valentine - and it might be a stretch to even keep the Spartans in the top 15, at this point. 7 23-5
16 Louisville Rick Pitino is high on this team despite the losses of Damion Lee, Trey Lewis and Chinanu Onuaku. Part of that is rooted in the arrival of McDonald's All-American V.J. King and Penn transfer Tony Hicks, the latter of whom averaged 13.2 points two seasons ago for the Quakers. -- 18-10
17 Texas Shaka Smart enrolled a top-five recruiting class highlighted by Jarrett Allen and Andrew Jones. That influx of talent will help offset several meaningful losses and allow the Texas coach to make his seventh straight NCAA Tournament. -- 15-12
18 Rhode Island The Atlantic 10 race should be fun and between Rhode Island, Dayton and VCU. But I'll give the Rams a slight edge thanks to the return from injury of E.C. Matthews, who could be an All-American candidate. -- 13-14
19 UConn Daniel Hamilton's decision to leave UConn hurts. But Kevin Ollie still has enough quality returning parts -- and a top-10 recruiting class -- to make the Huskies the favorite in the American Athletic Conference. -- 13-14
20 Purdue Caleb Swanigan's decision to return to Purdue allows Matt Painter to enter the season with three of his top four scorers from a team that won 26 games. The frontcourt of Swanigan and Isaac Haas should develop into one of the nation's best, and Purdue should be in the NCAA Tournament for the third straight year. -- 20-7
21 Syracuse The addition of Nebraska transfer Andrew White helped ease the losses of Michael Gbinije and Malachi Richardson. He averaged 16.6 points and 5.9 rebounds for the Huskers last season and will fit nicely beside Tyler Lydon. -- 18-10
22 California Ivan Rabb's decision to do another year of college means Cal is returning one of the best pro prospects in the sport. The late addition of four-star point guard Charlie Moore, a former Memphis signee, was another positive offseason development that should help the Bears remain relevant in the Pac-12. -- 5-22
23 Creighton Marcus Foster averaged double-digits at Kansas State for two seasons before transferring to Creighton. He'll team with Maurice Watson to help the Bluejays compete for a top-three spot in the Big East. -- 15-13
24 Iowa St. The return of Monte Morris ensures Iowa State will get one more season of strong point guard play. He's one of three double-digit scorers back from a 23-win team. -- 20-8
25 W. Virginia I left West Virginia unranked last preseason, which was foolish in hindsight. So I've decided to not make that mistake again even though the losses of Devin Williams and Jaysean Paige are significant. -- 11-17
Family members of Michael Brown, the 18-year-old who was killed by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo., recently fought in a parking lot over merchandise related to his death.
Michael Brown's mother, Lesley McSpadden, has asked that her son not be used for business sales or political actions. Last Saturday she found her son's grandmother, Pearlie Gordon, and his cousin, Tony Petty, selling t-shirts in the parking lot of Red's BBQ, a few blocks from where Mr. Brown was shot, a local Fox affiliate reported Wednesday.
A witness said Ms. McSpadden jumped out of a car, accompanied by another unidentified person, and yelled “You can't sell this [expletive].”
One of the relatives peddling the merchandise demanded that Ms. McSpadden show a document to prove that she had a patent.
Then, according to the police report, an unidentified person with Ms. McSpadden attacked Ms. Petty with a metal pipe or pole, striking her in the face. The attack resulted in a 911 call.
The witness said the assault suspect took the merchandise and about $1,400 in cash.
Authorities have not yet made any arrests, the local station reported.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Larbre Competition had a difficult 2015 season with its Corvette C7R. Over the course of six races, the car never finished better than fourth in its category and even retired on two occasions, including the 24 Hours of Le Mans. Overall, the French team ranked seventh in the WEC LMGTE Am Championship. Nonetheless, team manager Jack Leconte still considered the prospect of engaging two Corvettes in the 2016 WEC, one in the LMGTE Pro category (possibly involving the Taylor family) and one in the LMGTE Am category. On February 6, the ACO revealed that Leconte will only have one Corvette C7R engaged in the LMGTE Am class of the WEC.
A brand-new driver line-up will be at its wheel, including returning Gold-ranked driver Paolo Ruberti, Silver driver Pierre Ragues and Bronze driver Yutaka Yamagishi.
This will be Ruberti's second consecutive season of with Larbre Competition. Ragues is also no stranger to the French team, as he raced their Morgan Nissan with Keiko Ihara and Ricky Taylor in the 24 Hours of Le Mans 2014.
“This season will mark my tenth season in endurance racing and my tenth participation in the 24 Hours of Le Mans,” says Ragues. “I started out in GT back in 2006. and I have since accumulated a great deal of experience alternating between LMP1 and LMP2. This year's Le Mans will also be my tenth anniversary of taking part so it will be extra poignant.” Yamagishi is probably the least known of the three drivers yet he is no beginne, having driven for Ibanez Racing in the LMP2 category of the European Le Mans Series and in the 24 Hours of Le Mans last year. He also shows a solid GT background with a career in Japanese GT and several Le Mans drives in such cars as the Porsche 911 GT3 RS and the Lamborghini Murcielago R-GT.
Leconte still believes that he stands a significant chance of entering a Corvette in the LMGTE Pro category in the near future. “As well as playing the leading role in the LMGTE Am class, our drivers and team personnel will also be laying the foundations for a 2017 LMGTE Pro program, ” he says. ”Even with limited funding for LMGTE Pro, we're sure that the Corvette's reliability would've allowed us to beat Ford's armada as early as this year. The recent Daytona 24 Hours proved this with a superb 1-2 finish for Corvette. I'm convinced that it's a missed opportunity, but hopefully it's only a matter of time!”
Mat Fernandez (@matlemans)
Hyundai A-League Champions Sydney FC have appointed a leading international sports executive to be the club's new Chief Executive Officer.
Chairman Scott Barlow said: “I am delighted to announce today the appointment of Danny Townsend as our club's new CEO commencing in October of this year.”
Danny Townsend's Exclusive First Interview With SFCTV
Townsend was chosen from a high-quality list of international applicants and brings with him a global reputation for success across the sports, media and entertainment industry.
As a co-founder of sports intelligence agency Repucom, he helped build the company into a pre-eminent sports consultancy, working with leading football clubs in Europe, Asia and the United States.
More recently in his role as Co-Global Managing Director of Nielsen Sports he has been at the forefront of the sports industry working across the NBA, NFL, English Premier League, Bundesliga and La Liga, to name but a few.
Danny also has substantial experience in the Asia-Pacific, Middle East and African regions where he developed relationships with the Asian Football Confederation, key domestic leagues and leading brands investing in sport.
In 2015 he was recognised by the Sports Business Journal as one of the 40 most influential global sports executives under 40.
A former Australian footballer, Townsend played in the National Soccer League at both Parramatta Power and Sydney United where he was a member of the Premiership winning team in 1999.
Sydney FC Chairman Scott Barlow believes Townsend will lead the club to new heights.
“Danny is a first-class appointment with the experience and background to help drive our club to the next level.
“Our club has achieved impressive growth and success in recent years but there is no doubt most of our growth is still ahead of us. We believe Danny is the right person to help us maximise our huge potential over the coming years.
“Danny has a track record of success internationally with excellent links in the football and corporate world but he also understands the Sydney sporting landscape.”
Townsend has recently returned home to Sydney from New York and is looking forward to the challenge of taking the Sky Blues to the next level.
“Sydney FC is a club with a massive amount of growth ahead of it and I am excited to help achieve that.
“I am a born and raised Sydneysider with a passion for football and I am very proud to be Sydney FC's new CEO.
“Sydney FC is a financially stable, family club with the most dedicated, passionate and creative members in Australia, and I am confident we are entering a new era for the Sky Blues.
“We have an exciting season ahead of us this year as we look to win back to back titles, and challenge for the AFC Champions League crown.
“I look forward to working with everyone at the club and creating some more fantastic times ahead.”
Townsend's official start date will be Saturday 7th October to coincide with Sydney FC's opening game of the Hyundai A-League 2017/18 season.
2017/18 Sydney FC Memberships available NOW. Full Season Memberships available from $270 for Adults and $630 for families, or if you can't commit to all games non-ticketed Memberships from $75! Become a Sky Blue Member today – CLICK HERE
New Delhi: India's demonetisation of high-value currency notes is a dramatic example of a policy announcement made without any serious thought given to implementation, said Esther Duflo, one of the leading development economists of the world and a professor at the department of economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in the US.
Duflo, whose research has focused extensively on India, said the real impact of the currency-scrapping gambit may never be known because India's statistical machinery does not capture data on the informal economy on a regular basis.
Born in France, Duflo studied history and economics at the Paris-based Ecole Normale Supérieure before moving to MIT, where she finished her doctorate in 1999. A few years after finishing her doctorate, Duflo became one of the leading architects of a new kind of experimental economics, which relied on randomized control trials (RCTs) to answer questions of public policy. For her ‘definitive contributions' to the subject, she was awarded the John Bates Clark Medal in 2010, one of the most prestigious awards in the discipline, awarded annually by the American Economic Association to an economist below the age of 40.
In 2012, Duflo and her MIT colleague Abhijit Banerjee wrote the best-selling book Poor Economics: Rethinking Poverty and the Ways to End it. Duflo and Banerjee are also the co-founders and directors of the Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab (J-PAL) at MIT, which is the fountainhead of the new and experimental turn in development economics.
In an exclusive interview to Mint, Duflo spoke about demonetisation and its impact, the role of RCTs in economic policymaking, and the low priority assigned to health and education in the country. Edited excerpts:
In your book Poor Economics, you talk about the fad of the moment being converted into policy with little thought for implementation. Do you think the cashless economy justification for demonetisation is one such case?
I think it is a very dramatic example of very little attention paid to implementation before it (demonetisation) was launched. The fact that more than a hundred rules have been issued shows there is little clarity on the nitty-gritty of how it would play out. For example, the UPI (unified payments interface) platform would have been the logical way to carry forward the cashless thing instead of something like a Paytm. But banks are still unprepared and reluctant to endorse them. This is just one example of jumping into a cashless economy without having the gears in place.
Demonetisation's biggest effect is expected to be on informal sector, which mostly employs poor people. How would such a temporary income shock affect the battle against poverty in India?
We do not know that yet and we might never know. This is because there is no effective mechanism to measure GDP creation in the informal economy. I was told that informal economy GDP is calculated by indexing it to the formal economy GDP. If that is the case, we might never know the exact magnitude of loss. And the government might use these figures to argue that there was no significant setback. People are claiming workers are returning from construction sites to their villages. But there isn't much high-frequency data on these kinds of things, which would capture the short-run pain.
What is your take on the divide in economic thinking between focusing on growth and welfare spending?
The biggest problem with just focusing on growth is that we have no idea what causes growth. And this does not hold just for me, but a whole lot of macroeconomists who have studied numerous determinants of economic growth. So focusing on just growth can be a bit useless. Another issue which has become important vis-à-vis growth is its failure to guarantee upward social mobility for future generations. In the US, this factor explains a lot of discontent which manifested itself in support for Bernie Sanders in the primaries or election of Donald Trump. I think even if one knew about what exactly leads to growth, focusing on it while ignoring larger gains for people can be very counter-productive.
J-PAL recently announced a Micromasters programme which provides for online learning followed by education at MIT. However, there is no course on macroeconomics in the curriculum. There is also criticism that the RCT method is not very useful in understanding larger economic issues.
There is definitely a role of macroeconomics in policymaking and day-to-day management of the economy. In fact, the field of macroeconomics is currently very unsure and experiencing very lively debates. However, it is also important to realize that without understanding microeconomics, there cannot be any sound macroeconomic wisdom. Both experience and data shows that same factors have had very different impact on growth in different places.
What do you have to say about criticism of the RCT method vis-à-vis issues of replicability and actual policymaking on the ground?
To me, the question is more empirical than conceptual in nature. With an increase in number of experiments being carried out, we are finding that their results are more or less similar in drastically different places. In some cases, it has also challenged the conventional wisdom. In the wake of such evidence, the replicability criticism does not hold. As far as the question of usefulness in policymaking is concerned, if a pilot policy experiment does not work on a small scale in many places, it does tell us about its limitations. Also, in many projects, we are already working at a large scale. For example, some of our immunization-related studies are spread across various districts in India. These can have important lessons for policymaking.
Does working on such large-scale projects, which involve active collaboration with the government limit the ability of independent academics to critique the state? Is there a conflict of interest here?
I believe flagship programmes of any government cannot be evaluated due to this reason. However, conflict of interest does not matter in most of our experiments. This is because we often focus on aspects which are hardly of a polarizing nature and deal with minute details of implementation policy. For example, whether advance payment is more efficient than payment after furnishing certificate of spending in a public works programme is not an issue which figures in the political discourse.
You have been tracking India's development record for quite some time now. What do you think should change in India's development priorities?
Of course the country is richer and poverty has declined. But there are also things which have not moved. I feel a deep sense of crisis when I think about education and health, especially for poor. These concerns are not shared widely enough at any level of government and that's unfortunate. While policies like moving to a mass health insurance programme might be a great idea, one does not know how it would work out in practice.
(CNN) -- Ecuador's President Rafael Correa withdrew his government's ambassador in Bogota, Colombia, and ordered troops to the country's border following a Colombian raid against leftist rebels inside Ecuador.
Ecuadoran President Rafael Correa recalls his country's ambassador to Bogota on Sunday.
In a televised address, Correa called a raid by Colombian national police and air force one day earlier a "massacre" that killed civilians.
The strike at dawn Saturday killed two leading figures in the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), a Marxist movement that has fought a guerrilla war against the country's government for some 40 years. One of the dead was FARC's second-in-command, Luis Edgar Devia Silva, known as "Raul Reyes."
The incident has triggered a crisis among the three countries, as Venezuela President Hugo Chavez also ordered 10 battalions of troops to the Colombian border and the closure of Venezuela's embassy in Bogota.
Chavez pledged to "support Ecuador in any circumstance," he said on his weekly talk show, "Alo Presidente," or "Hello, President." Watch the implications of the raid »
"We don't want war, but we will not allow the North American empire -- which is the master -- and its sub-President [Alvaro] Uribe and the Colombian oligarchy to divide, to weaken us. We will not allow it."
The three countries are neighbors, with Colombia, a U.S. ally, squeezed between Ecuador, to the southwest, and Venezuela, to the east.
In the past two months, Chavez has brokered FARC's release of six hostages, who were among 750 hostages the group is estimated to be holding in the jungles of Colombia.
Reyes, who was a member of the seven-man FARC leadership council known as the general secretariat, played a key mediation role in their release.
Also killed was Guillermo Enrique Torres or "Julian Conrado," who was a key FARC ideologue.
"The Colombian oligarchy says it was combat," said Chavez, whose leftist politics have been credited for his warm relations with the rebel group. "It was not combat. It was a cowardly murder, coldly prepared in its entirety. The truth is coming out."
Chavez said Saturday that the Colombian government had violated Ecuador's sovereignty and added that, had the operation been conducted on Venezuelan soil, he would have declared war against Colombia.
"Colombia's government recognizes -- in a happy and irresponsible attitude -- that it has violated the sovereignty of a neighbor country, and that's worrisome," he said.
"President Uribe, think well. Don't think about doing that over here, don't think it. Because it would be very serious, a military raid in Venezuelan territory would be casus belli [cause for war]. There is not any excuse."
Also on Saturday, Correa told reporters in Quito that Uribe told him the raid occurred after a FARC column fled across the border and fired at Colombian forces, who "had to defend themselves."
But Correa said his forces investigated Uribe's claims and discovered that the Colombian planes attacked the guerrillas as they slept in a camp 2 km ( 1.2 mi) inside Ecuador.
"Of course Ecuadoran airspace was invaded," he said.
He said Colombian ground forces then crossed into Ecuador and retrieved Reyes' body, leaving the others.
"We will not permit this outrage," he said. "Either President Uribe was misinformed and will have to sanction his commanders who deceived him, breaking every international bilateral proceeding by entering our territory or Uribe simply lied. In either case, the situation is extremely grave and the Ecuadoran government is disposed to go to the ultimate consequences."
Chavez called Uribe a "liar," a "criminal" and a "gangster."
"Colombia is a terrorist state, a subject of the biggest terrorist in the world, the United States government, and all of its imperialist apparatus," Chavez said to applause.
Colombian Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos denied that Colombia violated Ecuadoran airspace in the operation..
The White House said Sunday it was "monitoring the situation."
"This is an odd reaction by Venezuela to Colombia's efforts against the FARC, a terrorist organization that continues to hold Colombians, Americans and others hostage," spokesman Gordon Johndroe said.
FARC has justified hostage-taking as a legitimate military tactic in a long-running and complex civil war that also has involved right-wing paramilitaries, government forces and drug traffickers. E-mail to a friend
All About Hugo Chavez • Ecuador • Colombia • Venezuela
That Ayn Rand's rise in popularity coincides with the widest gap between rich and poor in US history should be seen as no coincidence. Her books are today much more popular than when she lived and attempts are being made by very wealthy parties to sell her ideology as the philosophy of our era.
Ayn Rand has been accused of Vulcanism, that is of exhibiting an attitude of pure logic unbalanced by empathy and humanity like the character Spock from Star Trek, who is from planet Vulcan. When people of high intelligence lack human empathy, they can be intellectually arrogant, even narcissistic.
One of the major criticisms of Ayn Rand is that all her heroes are narcissistic sociopaths, as she is: they are concerned only with themselves, with their own purpose and ambition, and they are entirely unconcerned with others.
Rand also ignores context in her assessment of reality: the persistence of her logic leads to places where philosophy gets utterly divorced from common sense and reality. Philosophical materialists must contend with the facticity that we are woven into in its entirety, even with those aspects of our facticity that are what she would view as not heroic, like the hunger of the masses.
There are practical reasons why we should address the hunger of the masses, that escape Rand. The hunger of the masses has throughout history had great power. Angry mobs can easily ignite revolutions and social upheaval. Rather than acknowledge the history of how hatred of the poor has led to their rebellion and to unrest, Rand dismisses the poor as parasites and their struggle as the pursuit of things not deserved.
There is further criticism of a lack of context in her thought. Rand argues that people have no right to be proud of accidental identities, like our race or gender, because they are not the result of our work. That's usually a legitimate argument. However, there are people to whom society constantly says that they should be ashamed of who they are. This is the case with sexual minorities, blacks, etc. In these cases, great unnecessary emotional and mental harm is done (as quantified in rates of suicide and violence) and pride is a wholesome antidote and a remedy to shame.
The only way to accurately read the text of reality is within its con-text.
I am another you. You are another me. – Mayan proverb
But the main Epicurean criticism of Rand, many of whose followers claim Epicurean leanings, is her inability for human empathy. Even when rejecting societal consensus and the collective hypnosis of much of the general culture, Epicurus acknowledged that friendship, the ability to connect with others, is the most fundamental ingredient for being grounded, for being safe, for human happiness and well-being.
Although initially there may be a utilitarian, or selfish, reason to make a new friend, ultimately what they add to our lives is of such value that true friends may be willing to give their lives or otherwise make huge sacrifices for each other. Regardless of why we may choose to make a new friend, ultimately the Epicurean ideal of philia is unselfish and (oh dear!) altruistic. Altruism is the most hated word in Rand's philosophy. The notion that one should genuinely care for others, and act on this genuine concern is seen as unnatural devolution by Rand's followers.
And so this is where Rand's disciples, even those who claim to be Epicureans and who equate libertarianism with autarchy, have rejected a fundamental aspect of Epicurus' teaching. The most important ingredient in happiness, philia, requires a transgression against selfishness whereas Rand's philosophy is encapsulated in a work titled The Virtue of Selfishness.
If ancient Epicureans had perceived that their mutual friendships were merely the fruit of a strategy by others to use them, their loyalties would not have endured the way they did. It would have been easy to see through this fundamental insincerity, and their whole lifestyle would have been a hypocrisy. Instead, what we see is that the Gardens didn't close until Justinian forced them to close in the sixth century: they obviously had consistently developed strong bonds of loyalty and friendship. Like Normal DeWitt said, Epicureanism runs on philos.
If we develop a healthy inter-subjective view on human relations (rather than a subject-object view) and if we embrace the ideal of non-oppressive relations between equals, we'll understand how in Epicurean doctrine, altruism and utilitarianism are not necessarily mutually contradictory. Both are useful and necessary if we are to relate in a manner that fully recognizes all the perspectives of both subjects in the relationship.
Rand was profoundly intelligent, but reality is complex and extremes are never healthy.
January sees the start of what has been billed as the largest-scale open-access initiative ever built: an international effort to switch the entire field of particle physics to open-access publishing.
But the initiative, organized by CERN, Europe's high-energy physics laboratory near Geneva in Switzerland, has not yet fulfilled its dream — it currently covers only a little more than half of published particle-physics papers.
The scheme's scope was slashed in the summer when the field's largest journal, Physical Review D, pulled out, although its publisher, the American Physical Society (APS), did agree to publish papers on experiments at CERN's Large Hadron Collider on an open-access basis without charging author fees.
And as the starting gun sounded, a number of US libraries, including those of Stanford University in California and Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut, declined to pay into the system. Robert Schwarzwalder, associate university librarian for Stanford's science and engineering libraries, wants to see open-access research but is not sure that CERN's initiative is needed, given that versions of almost all high-energy physics articles already appear online for free on the preprint server arXiv and the repository INSPIRE-HEP. Yale did not return Nature's calls.
In the global scheme, called the Sponsoring Consortium for Open Access Publishing in Particle Physics (SCOAP3), libraries either pay reduced subscription fees for participating journals, or stop paying them altogether. The cash saved goes into a central SCOAP3 fund, used to pay publishers up front to publish open-access articles.
Instead of hiding articles behind paywalls, publishers will make them immediately available on their own websites, with generous rights for reuse. Authors will retain the copyright. Libraries will not necessarily save money, because the average fee for publishing a paper — €1,150 (US$1,570) — has been set roughly to match publishers' lost subscription revenues. But in three years' time, contracts may be renegotiated, so open-access fees might go down.
SCOAP3 was designed to flip journals to open access without disrupting researchers' funding arrangements: scientists would not have to pay fees from their own research grants. In 2012, after more than 6 years of discussion with over 1,000 libraries, library consortia and research organizations in 25 countries, 12 journals signed up to the scheme. Six agreed to switch entirely to open-access models and six to publish particle-physics articles in an open-access format. It was “the most systematic attempt to convert all the journals in a given field to open access”, says Peter Suber, director of the Harvard Open Access Project in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Then, in June 2013, the APS announced that it would pull out of the scheme, taking with it two journals, including Physical Review D, which publishes more than 3,000 high-energy physics articles each year behind a paywall, although it also allows authors to pay to make individual articles open access. The APS says that it is committed to “sustainable open access”, and notes that it allows authors to post the final manuscripts of APS papers on their own websites. But the society wanted to maintain its “long-term financial stability”, it said. “The data available to us did not allay our long-standing concerns about the stability of SCOAP3 and about the risks to Physical Review D from participating,” says Joseph Serene, treasurer and publisher for the APS in College Park, Maryland.
Salvatore Mele, who leads SCOAP3 from CERN, says he regrets the APS decision, which has sparked a minor stand-off. CERN has decreed that all articles based on its research must be open access, but says it will not pay open-access fees to journals that either withdrew from or remained outside the SCOAP3 process. The APS says that — apart from papers relating to the Large Hadron Collider — it will not waive open-access fees for CERN, so it will be up to individual authors to find the money.
Schwarzwalder is also concerned about the long-term viability of the scheme. The danger, he says, is that libraries may be tempted to renege on their pledges in order to save money — because they will have access to the papers whether or not they pay. Libraries that do not pay into SCOAP3's €5-million pot will also effectively be freeloading on those that have. This could rapidly make SCOAP3's publishing economically unsustainable. Nevertheless, Schwarzwalder says Stanford is now reconsidering its decision.
Despite all the teething pains, Mele considers SCOAP3 a success. It has created a worldwide community of funding agencies and libraries that believe it is possible to convert subscription fees into open-access fees. “Being able to flip four out of the five large journals to open-access publishing — which was considered to be impossible — is a remarkable result.”
This article is reproduced with permission from the magazine Nature. The article was first published on January 7, 2014.
6 years ago
(CNN) – The man who led Mitt Romney's outreach to Hispanic voters said Sunday the candidate "made some mistakes" during his campaign that ultimately led to a precipitous drop in Latino support.
Carlos Gutierrez, the former secretary of commerce, blamed the Republican primary process, which he said forced Romney to harden his immigration stance in an appeal to the far-right wing of the Republican Party.
- Follow the Ticker on Twitter: @PoliticalTicker
"Mitt Romney made some mistakes," Gutierrez told CNN senior congressional correspondent Dana Bash on "State of the Union." "I think he is an extraordinary man, and I think he made an extraordinary candidate. I think Mitt Romney's comments are a symptom. I think the disease is the fact that the far right of the party controls the primary process."
On immigration, Romney often sought to balance his positions in ways that appealed both to Hispanic voters and the base of the Republican Party.
In December, Romney vowed to veto the DREAM Act if he became president, saying instead he would support a path to residency - not citizenship - for undocumented immigrants who served in the military, but not other DREAM Act proposals.
Later, Romney gave a more detailed version of his stance, telling supporters at a fund-raiser in Florida that Republicans needed to offer their own version of the DREAM Act.
At a Republican presidential debate in January, Romney said he favored a system of "self-deportation," a policy that involves making economic conditions so difficult for undocumented workers that they choose to leave the country to find better opportunities. That stance was derided both by Democrats and his Republican rivals.
Speaking Sunday, Gutierrez said Latino voters were scared of a Republican Party they regarded as anti-immigrant and downright xenophobic.
"They were scared of the anti-immigration talk. They were scared of xenophobes. It's almost as if we're living in the past," Gutierrez added.
The proof, he said, was in the way Latinos voted: 27% cast ballots for Romney, compared to 31% who voted for Sen. John McCain in 2008 and 44% who supported George W. Bush in 2004.
"I would lay the blame squarely on the far-right wing of the Republican Party," Gutierrez said.
Evangelical leader Gary Bauer said Sunday that the opposite was true, pinning Romney's loss on a party too focused on appealing to moderate voters.
"I think it's due, at least in part, to folks in our party that seem intent on attacking the fact that we're the conservative party in the United States," Bauer said, pointing specifically to the issue of abortion, which he said should have played a larger role in the 2012 campaign.
"There's no yearning by the American people for a second pro-abortion party. I mean, we've already got one of those," he said.
Saudi Electricity and Cogeneration Regulatory Authority (ECRA) has announced that the Council of Ministers has approved gradual revision of energy prices in the Kingdom including changes to electricity tariffs that will take effect on January 1st, 2018.
The lower consumption will be charged at 18 halalas per kilowatt.
It should be noted that there has been no change in tariffs for the industrial and government consumption.
ECRA said: “This step will raise our economic efficiency, will strengthen our non-oil sectors as they become our economic development engine, and will rationalize the consumption of natural resources for future generations.”
ECRA also pointed out that the changes to the electricity tariffs will help redirect support to the most deserving beneficiaries through the Citizen's Account.
Program, which is implemented and supervised by the Ministry of Labor and Social Development.
ECRA explained that the approved tariffs are designed to cover the cost of services and ensure sustainable electricity supply throughout the Kingdom.
It will also contribute to improving the quality of service, increasing productivity, as well as opening up the field for competition.
The Authority explained that it is working in coordination with both the Saudi Electricity Company (SEC) and the Power and Water Utility Company for Jubail and Yanbu (MARAFIQ) to take all necessary measures and amend the billing system accordingly.
Last Update: Tuesday, 12 December 2017 KSA 17:04 - GMT 14:04
This article is over 2 years old
The Liberal Nationals operate as a single party in Queensland but its members are designated as either Liberals or Nationals in Canberra
Move for LNP split from Liberal and National parties expected next month
Senator Ian Macdonald will bring a motion to the Liberal National party state conference next month to allow its members to split from the Liberal and National parties, reflecting his long-held belief that the Coalition is made up of three parties: the Liberal party, the National party and the LNP.
Senior cabinet ministers Mathias Cormann and George Brandis have played down a similar move by the LNP executive, which reportedly took intervention from the Nationals leader, Barnaby Joyce, to kill off.
A report in the Australian on Friday said the Queensland LNP executive considered a motion to assess forming a separate party room in Canberra.
The LNP operates as a single party in Queensland, although its MPs and senators are designated either Liberals or Nationals in Canberra.
The move could allow the party to demand more ministries and would require a second Coalition agreement with the Liberal party.
Although the motion was defeated, Joyce and Brandis, the attorney general and a Queensland senator, were reportedly forced to intervene to prevent it getting up.
Matthew Canavan: 'rock star' Barnaby Joyce can lead Nationals to great things Read more
Macdonald told Guardian Australia he had not been aware of the motion at the LNP executive but it mirrored his view that three parties make up the Coalition.
Macdonald said he would attempt to bring a motion to the LNP state conference in late August which would allow LNP members to sit as a separate, third party, or to continue to sit with the Liberal or National parties if they chose.
The Nationals have 22 members, including six MPs and two senators from the LNP.
Macdonald said the LNP was on track to win up to 28 Senate and lower house seats – the seat of Herbert is still in doubt and Senate counting has not been completed.
“Those respective strengths should be taken into account in any arrangements for a Coalition government, I've long said that,” he said.
“The LNP contribution to the federal Coalition government – not just in this election but the last couple of decades – has never been fully recognised in the make-up of the ministry.”
Speaking on Sky news on Friday, Cormann said: “There is no split. The LNP in Queensland is a division of the Liberal party associated with the National party.
“Individual members of the LNP choose whether to sit in the Liberal or National party room.
“We have a strong and united team. We've got high-quality ministers representing the Liberal and National parties out of the great state of Queensland.”
Asked whether the motion had been proposed and there were tensions over a proposed split, Cormann said: “Individuals in either the Liberal or National parties have views and ideas from time to time.
“There won't be any split ... The arrangements continue as they have been.”
The Australian reported that Brandis and Joyce did not deny travelling to Brisbane for the meeting, but had declined to comment.
Brandis told ABC radio's AM program on Friday that of the 42 frontbench positions, eight were held by LNP members or senators from Queensland.
“The most important development in the reshuffle the prime minister announced on Monday was the promotion of somebody from Queensland, senator Matt Canavan, from the junior ministry to the cabinet, so there are now four Queensland cabinet ministers.
“That is historically an equal high – there has never been more than four cabinet ministers from Queensland.”
Brandis said people would “always wish their state to have more representatives in the cabinet”.
“But I wouldn't over-interpret the disappointment of some that Queensland doesn't have even more representatives in cabinet.”
There is a strong argument to be made that central banks underestimated the efficiency of the transmission channel between accommodative policies and financial markets while simultaneously overestimating the efficiency of the transmission channel between those same financial markets and the real economy.
That's from a piece we did for DealBreaker a couple of months back and the point there is that the policy response to the crisis has effectively served to exacerbate the wealth divide in America.
Although this isn't a perfect way to visualize the excerpted passage above, it does a decent job of getting the point across:
Obviously, central banks were acutely aware that flooding the market with $15 trillion in liquidity would inflate the value of financial assets. The assumption – or so it seems – was that the fabled “wealth effect” would reflate the real economy in relatively short order, and thus the benefits of ultra-accommodative policies would quickly “trickle down”.
Of course that's not what happened.
Instead, corporations took advantage of the hunt for yield fostered by ZIRP, NIRP, and QE by implementing debt-funded buybacks, the effect of which was to turbocharge the equity market rally.
Well, guess what? This:
And also this:
Because financial assets including and especially equities are overwhelmingly concentrated in the hands of the rich, the longer policies that inflate those assets take to trickle down, the wider the wealth divide gets.
Relatedly – and this is important – the longer the trickle-down lag, the longer the policies stay in place because after all, those policies were ostensibly designed to reflate the real economy and once you're pot-committed (which central banks were a long time ago), you can't very well throw in the towel and say the effort has been a failure. Rather, you've got to keep accommodative policies in place until growth and inflation finally tick up. Again, the longer those policies are in place, the wider becomes the divide between those who are disproportionately benefiting from financial asset price inflation and those who aren't.
Note what's implicit in the above. Namely: this is not a linear dynamic. And that nonlinearity runs all the way up the proverbial totem pole. Here's how Salient's Ben Hunt recently explained this:
The goodies of a trebled stock market aren't evenly distributed. Who owns stocks? If we're talking about households, leaving aside pension funds and endowments and other institutional investors, it's the rich, mostly. And that household share of the Central Bankers' Bubble doesn't increase linearly with wealth, but exponentially, meaning that the really rich own a lot more stocks than the merely rich, so the really rich have gotten a lot richer than the merely rich.
It should go without saying that the GOP tax plan is going to make this worse. For one thing, corporations are going to use repatriated cash to buy back more shares and otherwise reward capital.
But the more overt “fuck you” to the middle class and to low income Americans comes courtesy of simple math, which shows that by 2027, households bringing in more than $1 million (the top 0.6% of filers) will be getting 81.8% of the benefits from Trump's tax plan.
Now with all of the above in mind, consider the following chart from Pavlina Tcherneva:
Any questions?
As far as how this ends, allow William Spriggs, chief economist at the AFL-CIO, to explain it to you in no uncertain terms:
This is the last time they can get away with it, because the backlash is going to be huge. In the end, the trend toward inequality amounts to capitalist suicide. Businesses can't create themselves, they respond to general growth in income. Inequality chokes off business development.
Grab the torches and the pitchforks.
You did it. You hid the coolest, most creative geocache and followed all the necessary guidelines… right? Well, the work is not over. As a geocache owner, you have a responsibility to maintain and manage your geocache after it is published. The hide itself is just the beginning of your ‘geocache owner' journey.
Here are some helpful tips to keep in mind as a new geocache owner…
1. It's your job to perform maintenance on your geocache. That includes replacing full or wet logbooks, fixing the container as needed, cleaning up trash around the geocache, editing text on the listing page, etc.
2. If a trackable is listed online as being in your geocache but is not physically there, mark it missing.
3. If your coordinates are off or you need to move your geocache to a new location, update them.
4. The “Needs Maintenance” red wrench icon will show on your geocache listing if it has been reported by the community as needing maintenance. Geocachers see this icon as a sign that your geocache may not be in good condition and they may skip trying to find it. Once you have made repairs, post an “Owner Maintenance” log on your geocache page. This log removes the Needs Maintenance icon.
5. You can temporarily disable your geocache if needed. Do this if the geocache needs repairs, or if the area is closed for a period of time (construction, hunting, winter closures, etc.). This is meant to be temporary, which means a few weeks, or perhaps a couple of months.
6. Don't log your own geocache. Save the smiley for use when you've truly discovered a hidden geocache.
7. Use your owner powers wisely. Logs that fail to meet stated requirements (such as ‘Found It' logs by geocachers who have never found the geocache) or logs that conflict with our Terms of Use Agreement may be deleted. Read more about log deletion.
8. Sometimes life happens and you can no longer maintain your geocache. You will want to archive the geocache listing, which will permanently remove it from the geocaching.com website, or adopt the geocache out to someone else. Remember to also remove the physical geocache container if you archive.
9. Lastly (and most importantly), have fun! One of the greatest perks to being a geocache owner is reading all the wonderful logs by other geocachers discovering your geocache.
Share with your Friends: Facebook
Twitter
More
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Print
The Amazing Johnathan pretends to cut his arm with a big knife. ‘What you are about to see,' he says, ‘is just a trick.' He only scratches the surface, but you can already see some blood. ‘It is stage blood. It is riding on the surface of my arm, it is not penetrating my arm, that would be real, this is an illusion.' And then, all of a sudden, he exclaims: ‘This is real!' and penetrates his arm with the big blade. You can see it right in front of your eyes, it sure looks as real as anything ever did. Just for good measure, he zealously mutilates his arm a bit more, and then withdraws the knife, showing that the arm is unsevered. ‘It is a trick,' he says nonchalantly, as if the carnal and graphic butchery you just witnessed never happened. But now you have a hard time believing him, because you saw it happen with your own eyes.
According to Teller, the master magician of Penn and Teller fame, magic is best conceived of as ‘a form of theatre that depicts impossible events as though they were really happening'. Thus, he points out in an interview with the Smithsonian, ‘you experience magic as real and unreal at the same time'. By this account, the Amazing Johnathan's performance is magic at its best. You just saw that the knife really cut though his arm, but you know it cannot be true, hence the whole thing feels utterly unreal at the same time.
Trying to figure out the secret behind the knife-through-arm trick is extremely difficult. It is as if all the doors to the secrets behind the tricks are closed. Maybe the blood was fake blood (it was), but still, you did see the blade penetrating the arm, and you also saw that the arm was unsevered afterwards. What are the options? Was your attention manipulated in any way? Maybe it was, but how would that explain what you just saw? Maybe the magician made you see something that did not happen? Yes, in fact he did, but how is that possible? And if so, doesn't that imply the existence of magical powers after all, like extraordinary powers of suggestion?
It is well-known that magicians can make spectators' question their own sense of reality by misdirecting their attention. The vanishing cigarette trick used in intriguing research by the magician-psychologist Gustav Kuhn at the University of Durham and his colleagues is a case in point. Here, the magician is about to light a cigarette, but notices that he is trying to light up its wrong end. He turns the cigarette around and tries to light it again, but now the lighter seems to have disappeared. He looks with surprise at the hand in which the lighter is supposed to be, flicks it open with a snap of the fingers and reveals that it is gone. He then looks back at the other hand holding the cigarette, but now the cigarette has disappeared as well. An investigation of how people react to this trick shows that almost nobody is able to figure out how the cigarette disappeared when they view it for the first time, but if you let people watch it a second time, it's blatantly obvious to all of them. The magician simply dropped the cigarette into his lap, right in front of their eyes.
Of course, the magician's gesturing is skilfully orchestrated to direct your attention to the other hand and away from the dropping cigarette. The interesting point, however, is that when you view the trick for the first time, you don't really have the impression that you are blind at the location where the cigarette falls. Quite to the contrary, you have the impression that you see everything that is going on with utmost clarity. When you watch the trick a second time, however, you see the cigarette fall down as if to mock your sanity, and you wonder how on earth you could have missed it the first time around.
The vanishing cigarette trick provides an excellent example of a startling and highly counterintuitive phenomenon called ‘inattentional blindness', a phenomenon studied in the 1990s by the American psychologists Arien Mack and Irvin Rock. This term is aptly chosen, because we are indeed dealing with a kind of sighted blindness. The basic phenomenon is that you will typically fail to see something you're looking at directly if you're attending to something else. This sighted blindness of ours is routinely exploited by magicians and, as the vanishing cigarette trick illustrates, it enables magicians to perform their secret moves right before our eyes.
Inattentional blindness is just one example of a more general feature of our visual experience known to cognitive scientists as ‘the grand illusion'. When we look at the world around us, almost everything in our visual field appears clear, vivid and rich in detail but, in experiments, our objective ability to detect change is more suggestive of an observer with a bag on his head, with just a small hole through which to see anything. This observation hole can be moved around by the observer himself or it can be manipulated automatically when interesting events occur in the environment. But at any given moment, the observer sees the world only through a small hole in a bag. The essence of the grand illusion is that you have the impression of a clear view, while in reality you are limited by what you can see through the little hole in the bag over your head.
The grand illusion, rather than the misdirection of attention by itself, is the crucial factor that enables the magician to create the experience of magic. A friend might misdirect your attention by claiming that Bob Dylan just entered the room, and grab your last french fry while you are looking for His Bobness. But when you turn back to your empty plate, you will at best feel slightly amused. Magic is the illusion of impossibility, and there is nothing impossible about not noticing something that you are not looking at. The real magic occurs when you don't notice something that you are positive that you would have noticed if it really happened. Thus, it is not the inattentional blindness by itself that creates the magic, but rather your blindness to your inattentional blindness. Magic requires boldness. The magician must trust not only his or her own skill, but also in the spectators' blindness to their own blindness.
It is well-known that magicians can use attentional misdirection to make something that happens right in front of the spectators' eyes invisible. But attentional misdirection cannot explain the knife-through-arm trick, because here you don't fail to see something that actually does happen, such as the cigarette falling into the magician's lap. Rather, you see something that isn't actually happening. You see a knife penetrating the arm but, in reality, that is not what happens. So how does the magician make you hallucinate a blade penetrating the arm? The answer is so simple that it's almost embarrassing: the blade has an opening that makes it fit nicely around the arm.
Would you expect many people to be fooled by such a simple trick? Probably not, but magicians know from experience that this trick works like a charm. The question, then, is why such a stupid trick can create such a strong and robust experience of magic.
Since it is difficult to question what you see with your own eyes, the visual system closes the door to the right solution
With my colleagues, the psychologists Bilge Sayim and Johan Wagemans, I recently argued that this magic trick and many others rest heavily on a quirky aspect of our mind, analogous to the grand illusion in being a dramatic and pervasive misperception of our own perception – but quite the opposite in terms of the direction of the misperception. Rather than being a case of sighted blindness, this is a case of unsighted vision. When you look at the knife ‘penetrating' the arm, you have the impression of seeing only the part of the knife outside the arm, but an intriguing line of research pioneered by the Belgian psychologist Albert Michotte in the 1940s, and continued in the 1980s by Gaetano Kanizsa at the University of Trieste in Italy, suggests that it actually makes more sense to say that you also see ‘the part of the blade penetrating the arm' than to say that you just think it must be there.
The argument draws on a plethora of experimental findings showing that our mental experiences of the occluded parts of objects behave in much the same way as real visual percepts. A characteristic property of visual percepts is that they persist even when we know that that they are illusory. As the developmental psychologist Alan Leslie at Rutgers University in New Jersey put it in ‘The Necessity of Illusion' (1988), the essence of visual illusions ‘is that a bit of the world appears to us in a way we know is not or cannot be the case but which, despite such knowledge, appears this way repeatedly and incorrigibly'.
In a well-known trick called multiplying balls, the magician starts off by holding a ball between thumb and index finger. Then, with a flick of the wrist, a second ball magically appears between the index and the middle finger.
As the psychologist Amory Danek at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich and colleagues have shown in experiments on problem-solving in magic, people find it very difficult to figure out the secret behind this trick, though it is almost ridiculously simple. I will give you a hint: as in the case of the knife-through-arm trick, you see something that is not there. Are there really two balls? No, just one. The other ball is an empty semi-spherical shell. In the beginning, the real ball is hidden within that shell. When the magician flicks his wrist, he just flips it out of its hiding place, resulting in the illusion of two complete balls, where in fact there is just one and a half.
A central point in our argument is that the spectators do not merely think that the shell is a complete ball, but actually see it as a complete ball. And since it is difficult to question what you see with your own eyes, the visual system has essentially closed the door to the right solution.
If you are not convinced that the experience of the backside of a halved ping-pong ball (or the complete one, for that matter) is more than just imagery, try this: balance a halved ping-pong ball on your fingertip and look it at from above. Although you know that it is a halved ping-pong ball, and you have your finger in it to prove it, it still looks like a complete ball. Still more bizarre, you might experience the illusion that your finger feels shorter than normal, as if to make space for the illusory volume of the ‘ball'.
My colleagues and I documented this illusion by asking people to point to the location where they felt that their fingertip was located. But an easy way to notice the illusion for yourself is to balance the halved ping-pong ball on your middle finger while extending all your fingers towards your eyes and asking yourself whether the tip of your middle finger is closer to or further away from your eyes than the other fingers.
The middle finger is longer than the other fingers, so it should feel like it's closer, but you will probably feel that it's further away – which means that your finger must feel shorter than normal.
This illusion illustrates the power of visual experience to impact your sense of reality. Surely, the mere thought that the halved ping-pong ball is a complete ball would not make you feel that your finger is shorter than normal. The feeling that your finger has become shorter is a product of the internal logic of the perceptual system rather than the logic of conscious reasoning: the perceptual impression of the backside of the ‘ball' demands that your finger must feel shorter – whether your conscious thinking likes it or not.
Our failure to figure out what the magician does results from the fact that we are unable to imagine it
The visual system's tendency to fill in the invisible parts of the objects we see before us can be exploited to create a wide range of compelling magical illusions: spoons bending, knives cutting through flesh, and solid rings magically linking and unlinking. The principle underlying all these tricks, as well as many others, is that the visual system convinces you that something is there, whereas in fact there is just a gap or a missing piece.
But our visual system doesn't just fill in the gaps. It can also create a compelling impression that the space hidden behind an object in the foreground is empty. In most situations, this impression is correct, but in some cases, it is illusory and misleading. To magicians, this perceptually empty space is the perfect hiding place for the things they don't want you to know about. It is a no-brainer that hiding things behind something else makes them invisible, but the illusion of perceptually empty space entails more than just invisibility: it makes you ‘see' that that there's nothing there, although there sometimes is – particularly when you are watching a magician at work.
The philosopher Jason Leddington at Bucknell University in Pennsylvania says the experience of magic results from a failure of imagination. Our failure to figure out what the magician does results from the fact that we are unable to imagine it. This view neatly captures the essence of the illusion of empty space: it makes it difficult for us to even imagine that there is anything hidden behind the object in the foreground – be it the magician's thumb, hand or anything else.
The illusion of empty space is a new concept in cognitive science, so we do not yet know for certain how the brain creates it. We can speculate, however, that the driver is ‘a general principle of perceptual processing', in which the brain avoids perceptual interpretations involving suspicious coincidences. Preliminary observations suggest that the positive illusion of empty space – as opposed to mere invisibility – occurs whenever the hiding and the hidden object are aligned along the line of sight in a way that would be an unlikely accident in real life. The reason why such unlikely accidents occur in magic shows, of course, is that the magician sets them up on purpose.
Magicians rely heavily on our inattentional blindness and particularly on the grand illusion associated with it – our blindness to our own inattentional blindness. But my team's work reveals that the art of magic also relies on an analogous, but opposite grand illusion, in which we are blind to the prodigious clairvoyance of our visual system – which makes us see hidden things. Exploiting either of these grand illusions not only requires skill and knowledge on the part of the magician, but also chutzpa, because he or she must place absolute faith in the counterintuitive quirks of the spectators' visual systems, and allow them to produce the real magic.
The Philadelphia Inquirer and Philadelphia Daily News will be the first newspapers in the United States to sell an Android tablet to consumers that sign up for a digital subscription. At an event this afternoon Philadelphia Media Network President Greg Osberg outlined the plan — but it's still in the early stages.
Here's what we know so far. Sometime in the next four to six weeks Philadelphia Media Network (the company that publishes both newspapers) will announce the brand of the Android tablet and the pricing. The company is still in talks with manufacturers, but the PMN will offer subscribers a tablet from a company that currently offers a tablet.
If you were to buy digital subscriptions to both newspapers and the tablet separately, Osberg says you would end up paying about twice as much. So while final pricing hasn't been set yet, the idea is that you'll be able to pay for a tablet and 1 to 2 years of subscription content while spending less than you would to get those things separately. Of course, if you weren't planning on paying for a subscription, it still might be cheaper to buy a tablet separately. Right now a digital subscription runs about $2.99 per week.
In late August the publisher will launch a limited pilot project in Philadelphia, offering “more than 100, but less than 100,000” tablets to subscribers on a first-come, first served basis. AdWeek reported this morning that the number might be about 2,000. If that project is successful, the company will offer more tablets in the future.
At launch the Android tablet will be a WiFi-only model, but 3G and/or 4G models could be available down the road.
There will also be an iPad app unveiled soon — but Philadelphia Media Network has no plans to offer subsidized iPads to subscribers.
From the sound of things, PMN will be offering at least two different forms of content for Android tablets. You'll be able to view a digital reproduction of the newspaper, and also a mobile news app which offers news in a format optimized for an interactive tablet. Osberg says there will also be some app-only content which is not available in the print editions of the newspapers or on the web site.
It should be interesting to see whether the promise of a news-and-tablet bundle will encourage Philadelphians to sign up for subscriptions at time when print subscriptions to newspapers continues to fall. Osberg was also talking up the advertising opportunities inherent in the new medium. Not only will PMN be offering ad space inside apps, but the company could even bundle advertisers' apps with the tablet so that the first time a subscriber turns on the device they'll see the advertisers' content alongside the newspapers'.
Pandora has been fairly open about the fact that mobile is a major focus for the music streaming company. More than 70% of listening on Pandora takes place on a mobile device—33 million hours of songs are played in a single day on Pandora, and 23 of those hours take place on mobile platforms. And more than 100 million of Pandora's 150 million registered users have accessed Pandora via mobile device. Today, Pandora is releasing a new version of its Android app, which is the biggest update in the app's 3 year history, with a complete redesign, addition of new discovery features and more.
The company has long offered an Android app (the first version was launched in 2009) and CTO and head of product Tom Conrad tells us that Pandora generally sees more new registrations on Android devices than any other platform on any given day. Pandora currently supports 881 different Android smartphone devices.
As Conrad explains, mobile is a trickier environment to test and evolve, especially on Android because you aren't developing for one device but hundreds of different mobile handsets. But Android has lagged behind in terms of design, and over the past few months, the company has invested considerable time in bringing its Android app into the Pandora family in terms of performance, design and interactivity.
The most significant change is the redesign of the app, says Conrad. Pandora has made the app's form more in line with its HTML5 app, giving the Android app and more consistent feel with iOS, and the web experiences. “We've embraced all the conventions of Android, including the Ice Cream Sandwich style user experience,” he explains. Navigation has also been changed for a more user-friendly and intuitive flow.
Another major addition is interactivity features, says Conrad. Users can access song history and review, rate, or bookmark previously played tracks. One feature set that is now exclusive to the Android app is an encyclopedia-like exploration function. You can access full song lyrics, artist bios, similar artists and tracks and track features from the Music Genome Project. This hasn't yet been added to iOS, but will be added eventually “This is first step in a broader evolution of mobile applications for Pandora,” Conrad says. The emphasis for this release is really on consumer, he adds.
There's no doubt that the future of Pandora may be on its mobile interactions. And with 50 percent of total ad revenue coming from mobile, Pandora is focused on ways to make mobile ads more interactive. “Every disruptive medium finds their native, optimal and unit,” Conrad tells us. “For us it's the in-stream mobile audio ad.”
Clearly, more and more users are flocking to their mobile devices to use the application, and there's more competition for listeners with Spotify entering Pandora's domain with radio. Increasing the Android app's functionality should only help boost usage and users. But the update also shows that Pandora is looking for ways to add more interactive and exploratory features to its apps to boost usage and engagement. The company seems to be looking beyond just providing music, which could pay off in a big way and differentiate its apps from rivals.
Here is a small reminder that we really need to redesign everything about modern life, from the smallest, least noticed items on up. Who thinks about 8 - 10 billion polystyrene or polycarbonate hangers manufactured per year, of which only about 15% are recycled?
Green Heart Global, the parent company and designer of Ditto Hangers, that's who. Green Heart Global offers two options, both made from recyclable materials.One option is the paper hanger. According to the manufacturers: "Ditto Paper Hangers are made of between 80-100% post-consumer waste (PCW) with vegetable inks and environmentally friendly adhesives. The patented hangers feature a large area for client branding, are easily recycled at the store level and clearly and directly promote the client's environmental message." For short turn-around applications like product shipping, and for dry cleaners, the Ditto Paper Hangers are ideal.
The more durable option is a PET plastic hanger. PET is the plastic numbered "1" for recycling. It is commonly collected and easily recycled. We are a bit suspicious, because Ditto is not claiming to use post-consumer PET as a raw material. Certainly in non-food contact, low tech applications like hangers, there is no excuse to use a single ounce of virgin PET in the process. Nonetheless, the resulting product is easily recyclable and the design lends itself to a perfect closed-loop situation, where old hangers are returned to be resold if condition allows or recycled into new hangers otherwise.
A large San Francisco based clothing company, Reebok/Canada and Adidas/Germany count among the customers for Ditto Hangers. Ditto works with companies to meet special needs such as hockey equipment hangers or wide-shoulder paper hangers.
CEO and founder Gary Barker says: "We've found that companies are coming to us to design not only hangers but other products that use sustainable materials and that can be produced in our certified contracted factories. We see a huge market creating beautiful products that are intelligently designed so that their end-of-life is engineered into the product. We don't see consumption going down any time soon. That means it's up to the industrial designer to design products responsibly. I don't know of any other company out there doing what we do."
More on Hangers in TreeHugger:
Paper Hangers
Corn Hangers
Zilka Hangers by Ryan Frank
Via Green Heart Global and Ditto.
The UCLA undergraduate student government passed a resolution that calls for the University of California to divest from American companies that are accused of abusing Palestinian human rights.
The student government passed the divestment resolution by a vote of 8 to 2, with two abstentions on Tuesday night.
The passing vote comes nine months after the student government rejected a similar resolution by a vote of 7-5, which came amid threats to student representatives and accusations that the campus Jewish community was not consulted on the resolution.
Brought by Students for Justice in Palestine, the resolution called for divestment from Caterpillar, General Electric, Hewlett-Packard, Cemex and Cement Roadstone Holdings — companies that divestment backers said were used by the Israeli military to violate Palestinian human rights in the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
About 250 students attended the Undergraduate Students Association Council meeting on Tuesday night, according to the UCLA student newspaper, The Daily Bruin. There were 90 minutes of public comment on the resolution during the meeting, though only students who supported the proposal spoke, according to the newspaper.
Representatives from Hillel at UCLA, Bruins for Israel and J Street U made a special 15-minute presentation during which they explained their opposition to the resolution. Students for Justice in Palestine also made a presentation, saying that the university should divest from the companies because they either contributed to the construction of settlements in the West Bank or provided weapons used in attacks on Palestinians in the Gaza Strip, according to the Daily Bruin.
Student groups that co-sponsored the resolution include the Afrikan Student Union, Armenian Student Association, MEChA de UCLA, Samahang Pilipino, Student Coalition Against Labor Exploitation, Queer Alliance and Bruin Feminists for Equality.
This story "UCLA Students Vote 8-2 for Israel Divestment Bill" was written by JTA.
Labour says it will overhaul the A-level reforms of the Michael Gove era if it wins power next year, accusing Conservatives of "turning the clock back on social mobility" as hundreds of thousands of sixth formers in England anxiously await their exam results on Thursday.
The shadow education secretary, Tristram Hunt, is poised to announce that Labour would put on hold all A-level reforms due to be introduced next year and scrap the central plan to abolish AS-levels. Gove's reforms were designed to toughen up the A-levels, moving away from coursework towards end-of-course examinations.
But the move has been deeply unpopular with university admissions officers, teachers and pupils, who complained that their subject choices were restricted. There were also claims that scrapping AS-levels disadvantaged comprehensive school pupils in university admissions because they were the most likely to make rapid progress between getting their GCSE and AS results.
Labour sources said that elements of the new A-levels would be retained, but that a delay is needed to consult and give schools the opportunity to embed the new GCSEs. The move is designed to ease the pace and scale of the reforms currently working their way through schools, which have already been warned to expect a significant dip in exam results this summer as a result of reforms to GCSEs that prevent pupils repeatedly resitting them.
"Of course we need to ensure we have rigorous assessments," Hunt will say in a major speech on Monday setting out Labour's future education policy at Microsoft's London headquarters.
"As secretary of state, I would insist on nothing less. But these changes will leave young people without the opportunity to realise their full potential. I won't allow that to happen. If I am the next education secretary, I will put a stop to it.
"The Tories are turning the clock back on social mobility. David Cameron's regressive policy to end the current AS-level qualification will close the window of opportunity for many young people wanting to go to university," Hunt will say.
"Having spoken to sixth formers across England, I know how valuable they find AS-levels in helping to shape their options and spur them on.
"Under Cameron's plan, in the future, pupils will not be open to the same opportunities as those who are receiving their exam results this week. That cannot be right."
In his speech, Hunt is also expected to attack the government's failures on teacher quality, vocational education and social mobility, while setting out Labour's agenda ahead of the election next year. The move underlines the high profile that Labour will give education in next year's general election campaign, with polling suggesting it has more public support for its handling of education policy than the coalition.
The A-level reforms were announced by Gove in 2013 and were aimed at making A-levels harder by giving pupils no option but to take a two-year-long A-level course, rather than an AS-level course as the first year of an A-level. They were due to be introduced from September 2015. But the move provoked an outcry from schools and universities that used AS-levels as part of their admissions policies.
Cambridge university said AS-levels had dramatically reduced the number of "mistakes" it made in admitting students as undergraduates, and suggested that applicants from comprehensive schools and deprived backgrounds would be more likely to miss out on places without them.
Hunt's move comes after an academic study savaged the statistics used by the DfE to justify its decision to downgrade AS-levels. The DfE had claimed AS-levels were unreliable in predicting higher education success. But a team of academics re-examined the DfE's figures and said it had crudely distorted and misapplied the data.
The researchers found that scrapping AS-levels meant that one in five students would be deprived of showing their academic improvement during their first year in sixth form, meaning that many of those capable of getting into top universities might not be given the chance. Those children are more likely to be from comprehensives than from selective and private schools.
The exam watchdog has already warned schools to expect "particularly volatile" exam results this year as a result of the reforms to GCSEs in particular. Coursework has been downgraded, with a move to more traditional end-of-course exams, and schools have been discouraged from allowing multiple resits by excluding all but the first attempt from school league tables.
Anti-homelessness advocates have long suspected that foster care creates a “pipeline” to youth homelessness in Canada.
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
Data released today from the Canadian Observatory on Homelessness' national youth homelessness survey, conducted in 2015, shows they were right.
The Observatory's “Child Welfare and Youth Homelessness in Canada: A Proposal for Action” policy brief released today notes that almost 60 per cent of the 1,103 homeless youth (ages 13 to 24) surveyed in nine provinces and Nunavut had previous or current involvement with child welfare.
That's in line with previous estimates that suggested 50 per cent of the approximately 6,000 to 8,000 youth who'll be homeless tonight would have had some child welfare experience. That number doesn't include kids who stay under the radar by “couch surfing” or staying in hotels rather than a shelter.
While previous surveys focused on youth in shelters, the Observatory's survey included kids receiving other youth and homelessness-related services, capturing many of those so-called “hidden homeless.”
For youth whose first experience with homelessness happened before age 16, it's even worse than previously thought: nearly 75 per cent had child welfare involvement.
The report notes kids with child welfare experiences are 193 times more likely to end up homeless than those who've never had a child protection case file.
Several recommendations
The Observatory, in collaboration with A Way Home Canada, which advocates for youth-specific housing-first services, has several recommendations for preventing and ending the connection between child welfare and youth homelessness.
Anyone paying attention to British Columbia's Representative for Children and Youth's child welfare and foster care recommendations over the last decade will be familiar with some of them: extending supports for youth in care, as needed, to age 25; ensuring foster kids have safe, stable housing at all times; and focusing on underserved groups, like Indigenous, racialized, and lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans, and two spirited youth.
But the Observatory also echoes recommendations youth homelessness and addictions advocates in B.C. have been repeating for years, including:
Implementing a harm reduction model for youth substance use and mental health issues;
Creating a provincial homelessness prevention plan for youth;
Implementing strengths-based policies and practices that help youth prepare for life after care;
Improving front-line social workers' training and supports;
Supporting youth's access to mental health and addictions treatments, and easing their transition to adult services;
Reducing frontline worker caseloads;
Enabling youth in care to provide feedback to improve the system; and
Using a standard assessment tool to predict risk of homelessness among youth — an exact description of the Youth Assessment and Prioritization tool developed in Alberta.
Alberta is already ahead of the curve, creating a youth-specific homelessness strategy that focuses heavily on prevention and solutions, like finding stability through affordable housing, education, and support services, with less focus on emergency responses like adding shelter beds.
Shutting Down the 'Pipeline' from Foster Care to Homelessness read more
"I appreciate the extensive analysis that went into crafting this report on the challenge of youth homelessness," said Children and Family Development Minister Katrine Conroy in an email to The Tyee.
“While we've just received the report and will need to take time to consider the recommendations, I assure you that keeping the door open for young people who age out of the child welfare system is a priority for this government.”
During the B.C. election, the Green Party pledged a minimum basic income for youth exiting care until age 24. The NDP promised to expand the application-based Agreements with Young Adults that provides money for some youth leaving care and going into school or work until age 26.
Both parties promised to implement unfulfilled recommendations from the Representative for Children and Youth, the Select Standing Committee on Children and Youth, and from Chief Ed John, whose government-funded report on reducing the number of Indigenous youth in care came out in late 2016.
“At one point or another, most of us have reached back to our families for help as young adults, and it's this ministry's duty to ensure that type of support is in place for the young people in our care,” reads Conroy's statement.
“There will be changes in this policy area. Good work has been done, but we're still far from where we need to be. Premier John Horgan has made this a priority for me in my mandate letter, and we'll be working over the coming months to ensure the right supports are available for youth aging out of the system when and how they need them.”
caption A home burns as the Camp Fire moves through Paradise, California on November 8, 2018. source Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
Three wildfires are burning in California. The Camp Fire, located north of the San Francisco Bay Area, has already claimed at least five lives.
2018 was already a record-breaking year for California wildfires: the largest blaze in state history burned nearly 460,000 acres over the summer.
These destructive fires are part of an alarming trend: 12 of California's 15 biggest wildfires ever have occurred s ince the year 2000.
As the planet continues to warm, this pattern is likely to get worse.
The Camp Fire in northern California has spread so fast that five people were killed in their cars as flames overtook the vehicles. The blaze destroyed the entire town of Paradise, California, and has burned 70,000 acres in less than two days. As of Friday morning, it was just 5% contained.
In the southern part of the state, meanwhile, areas of Los Angeles and Ventura Counties have been ordered to evacuate as flames from two fires threaten homes in Malibu, parts of Topanga, and Thousand Oaks (the same city where a gunman killed 12 people on Wednesday).
The blazes add to the immense tally of destruction in what was already a record-breaking year of fires in California. In July and August, the Mendocino Complex Fire burned nearly 460,000 acres, making it the state's biggest wildfire ever.
According to an analysis from the nonprofit Climate Nexus, all of these large blazes are part of an unmistakable trend: 12 of the 15 biggest fires in California's history have occurred since the year 2000.
source Shayanne Gal/Business Insider
Between 1930 and 1999, there were only six fires that burned over 100,000 acres in California, according to Climate Nexus.
The chart above ranks fires by acres burned, but when comparing the costs of wildfires, California's October 2017 fires rank at the top. Those blazes scorched grapevines across the state's wine country and triggered over $9 billion in losses.
Larger blazes also mean an increase in fire-related expenditures. Climate Nexus calculated that in the 2017 fiscal year (which ended in October), California's Department of Forestry and Fire Protection spent a total of $505 million fighting fires. Twenty years ago, in 1997, the state spent only $47 million.
Climate change is partially to blame for this trend – which means it will continue
Because of rising temperatures and more drought, the average wildfire season now lasts at least 2 1/2 months longer than it did in the early 1970s. The amount of land that has burned in the western US since 1984 is double what would have been expected without the effects of climate change.
Last year, Gov. Jerry Brown called the wildfires a “new normal” for California.
“This could be something that happens every year or every few years,” Brown said, per the Los Angeles Times.
Indeed, California's 2018 Climate Change Assessment report estimates that the average area burned in wildfires will increase 77% by 2100 in a business-as-usual scenario (as in, if nothing is done to dramatically reduce greenhouse-gas emissions).
Although wildfires in the states used to be considered a seasonal risk – due to the state's rain-less summer and fall and strong Santa Anna winds – that is no longer the case.
“Fire season is now year-round,” Los Angeles County's official website says.
Apparently Apple isn't the only company thinking the US Department of Justice's recently imposed remedies against it were "draconian." US publishers HarperCollins, Simon & Schuster, Penguin and others have also ganged up on the DOJ with a legal brief opposing the punitive restrictions. In it, they say the watchdog is "attempting to impose a specific business model on the publishing industry," despite assertions it wouldn't play that role. If you'll recall, Apple was recently found guilty of price-fixing following charges filed last year. Now, the Justice Department is trying to force Apple to end its current agreements with the publishers and let rival e-book retailers like Amazon link to their own online stores.
Apple earlier condemned the decision, saying it was "wildly out of proportion to any... wrongdoing or potential harm." The publishers added that it effectively punishes them by prohibiting the so-called agency model, which lets them set their own prices for e-books and other media. A similar affair was settled rather more amicably in Europe, meanwhile, when the same band of publishers agreed to allow other retailers to sell e-books cheaper than Apple does, if they so choose. Evidently, they feel the DOJ overstepped its bounds in the US and seem intent to back Apple to the bitter end.
Select the specs of your dream 3d printer and then scroll down to see matching 3d printers.
? matching 3d printer s
Specs Assembled
Software Included Heated Bed Wi-Fi Open Source 0 inch Height:inch 0 inch Width:inch 0 inch Depth:inch 0 mm/s Speed:mm/s 0 micron Resolution: 0 Nozzles: 0 - $ 0 Price: $- $ Brand 3DMakerWorld 3D Systems Afinia Alunar Anet Anycubic Artifex Athorbot BIBO CCTREE CEL CoLiDo CraftUnique CTC DeltaMaker Dobot Dremel FlashForge Flsun3D Fusion3 Geeetech Giantarm Gowe GoweTools Hictop InStone 3D JGAURORA Kloner3D Kossel LeapFrog LulzBot M3D MakerBot Maker Farm Inc MakerGear MBot Monoprice mostfun Other Print-Rite Printrbot Qidi Technology Quant 3D Raise3D Reprap Guru Robo Robo 3D SainSmart SeeMeCNC Sindoh Sintron Snapmaker SparkMaker Stanley Stratasys Tevo Tiertime Tinkerine Ultimaker UP Box Velleman Wanhao WASP Project Weedo Wiiboox XYZprinting Zortrax Type FDM Food SLA Model Search for model: GO Country USA UK reset settings
Matching 3d printers:
Houma, La., police and Terrebonne Parish authorities are encouraging business owners to help out with an effort to protect all of downtown Houma with surveillance cameras.
There are 40-50 cameras in downtown Houma now, police Sgt. Albert Pierre said. But, he said, there are still areas that are not covered.
Authorities are looking for business owners to put up money for new cameras and give police access to existing surveillance systems, according to The Courier.
Police Lt. Bobbie O'Bryan said the department has been adding cameras to downtown each year for the past six years. They were mainly paid for by a federal grant. However, officials have said they would like to increase the visibility and the reach of the cameras to help identify potential suspects.
Copyright 2019 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Acsm file is a file download link. It's not a real ebook file (like EPUB file, or PDF file). Acsm file is designed by Adobe, and can only be opened with Adobe Digital Editions.
Sometimes you paid for the books online and when you downloaded it you will find that what you have downloaded is not a real ebook but an acsm file. The common readers deivce and software like Nook for PC, Calibre, Kindle for PC cannot open this file or just cannot support it at all. Then how to open acsm file? Only Adobe Digital Editions supports acsm file, and this article will show you how to open it.
How to open acsm file?
Adobe Digital editions can help you manage, read or transfer your ebooks to another e-reader. Furthermore, only Adobe Digital Editions can open acsm file, so if you have not installed it, click here to download and install it.
1. If this is the first time you are using Adobe Digital Editions, you will see a dialogue box. Then you need to input your Adobe ID information to Authorize Computer in the box .
2. If you don't have an Adobe ID, click the “Get an Adobe ID Online” or "Create an Adobe ID" link to register Adobe ID. A new web browser will be opened and take you to the registration page.
3. Enter your Adobe ID and password, then click “Activate” or "Authorize" button to activate it.
4. Click “Finished” button to complete this operation.
Now all the steps above have been finished, then you can double-click the acsm file to open it. If there is still trouble to open it, you can click the right mouse and select “Open with”, then choose “Adobe Digital Editions”.
Cannot open acsm file?
So as to solve the problems that acsm files bring, we recommend you an essay to convert acsm to EPUB or PDF file. Then you can deal with different problems that ACSM file causes.
Link: Convert acsm to epub or pdf
Other problems you may encounter
If you downloaded an ACSM file and found it is unable to be opened, you can refer to the following.
E_ADEPT_REQUEST_EXPIRED
"Unable to download, License Server Communication Problem" This message could happen if the .ACSM file has expired. For some security reasons, the .ACSM file has an expiration time before its first fulfillment. ACSM file is NOT a book, it's a ticket to Content Server saying which book should be downloaded.
You can re-download the .acsm file from purchased website. After you downloaded it, you need to open it immediately.
E_ADEPT_USER_AUTH
This error E_ADEPT_USER_AUTH is due to a problem in the epub file. If the metadatas author and publisher are empty or incorrect in the OPF file (for example a space is included just before the name of the author) this causes an error on Adobe servers.
E_LIC_ALREADY_FULFILLED_BY_ANOTHER_USER
When you have opened a book downloaded with the acsm file, then you are not permitted to copy it to another computer. You will get an error. There is a specific article which introduces the problems for you.
Link: Adobe error on E_LIC_ALREADY_FULFILLED_BY_ANOTHER_USER
VCs Successfully Fund Lawsuit Against Best Buy After It Completely Screws Over Startup
from the stopping-bullies dept
Best Buy's last minute actions posed a fatal blow. Techforward sued Best Buy – but it would take a very long time before the case made it through trial. And since Techforward had invested so much money working on the Best Buy deal, the cash position of the company was not looking good. The board ultimately had to make a horrible choice – they sold Techforward's assets to a third party. BUT – they did not sell the lawsuit. Instead, First Round Capital (along with our co-investor, NEA) decided to keep funding the lawsuit. And over the last 18 months, we and NEA gave the lawyers hundreds of thousands of dollars to keep the suit going. This wasn't an easy decision. We are in the business of funding companies – not lawsuits. But my partner, Howard Morgan, was a board member of Techforward – and he sat in those board meetings. And Howard was convinced that Best Buy shouldn't get away with their behavior. We needed to send a message to Best Buy – and every other large company – that they can't blatantly violate agreements and steal ideas from startups. And if big companies believe they can violate agreements with immunity because a startup can't afford to sue them, it is bad news for every startup in the ecosystem.
I recently heard a story of yet another startup which had been hit by a bogus patent troll lawsuit. As always, it would be cheaper to just settle the lawsuit than to fight it in court, even though they knew that they would win. In this case, the CEO said he was going to fight it anyway because it was "the right thing to do" and to ward off future trolls. That, of course, is the worst part of troll lawsuits: the reason they work so well is that it's cheaper to "lose" and pay the troll than to "win" in court. Obviously, the SHIELD Act looks to change some of that calculus by making trolls have to pay up for bogus lawsuits. However, in general, plenty of startups can tell stories (beyond just patent trolls) in which they "settled" some sort of legal dispute, rather than did what's "right" and to win in court. Frequently, this is driven by the pressures from investors and venture capitalists, who don't want to fund lawsuits but high growth companies.Of course, many realize that settling or foregoing a legal response in such cases can often make the situation worse, because it attractssuch activity from companies who know they can get away with it. I'm thinking of that after reading this fascinating story by famed venture capitalist, Josh Kopelman, in which he discusses why he and another investor in the startup TechForward financed a lawsuit against Best Buy . You should read the whole thing, but the short version is that Best Buy approached TechForward about using its system to create a "buyback" program. They signed some non-disclosure agreements, leading TechForward to share a bunch of confidential info about their model with Best Buy. Best Buy proceeded to take that info, and then tell TechForward "no thanks." Of course, it came out that the plan all along had been to get access to TechForward's model to build Best Buy's own. Due to the amount of resources (over a year) that went into trying to get the deal, having Best Buy pull it out from under them left TechForward in a bad position, and its assets were sold off.The end result is that a jury sided with TechForward, awarding it a $22 million award, along with an additional $5 million in punitive damages as response to the action being willful and malicious. The details show that Best Buy employees were pretty blatant about their plan to lead TechForward along, get access to its model, and then copy it. In one email exchange between employees, they even said directly "...remove the Techforward reference in the file names..."A couple of thoughts on this. It is incredibly rare and surprising to see VCs like Josh and Howard agree to do this kind of thing. I can't recall a single instance of VCs agreeing to fund a lawsuit like this. However, as with the CEO fighting the patent troll, there's an important signalling aspect to this decision. Letting companies know that they can't just rely on VCs not wanting to fund such a lawsuit might lead some big companies to think twice before trying to take advantage of smaller companies. Hopefully more venture capitalists will agree to do similar things.The second interesting tidbit: this kind of lawsuit got figured outusing a patent. We always hear about how patents are "necessary" to stop big companies from just copying small companies -- but what this showed was that (1) it's not always so easy to copy without more detailed knowledge and access and (2) even if such access is granted, it can be done so conditionally (such as with an NDA, as in this case) allowing for the sharing of information, without having to use a tool like a patent or a copyright. Hopefully more investors will do similar things, recognizing not just the wider social benefit, but in scaring off other companies from either filing bogus lawsuits of their own, or just taking questionable actions towards the companies.
Filed Under: breach of contract, bullies, howard morgan, innovation, josh kopelman, lawsuits, venture capital
Companies: best buy, techforward
OAKLAND, California (Reuters) - California's ban on gay marriage goes to trial on Monday in a federal case that plaintiffs hope to take all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court and overturn bans throughout the nation.
Same-sex couples Paul Katami (L), Jeff Zarillo (2nd L), and Kris Perry (2nd R) and Sandy Stier pose for photographs before the start of their trial in San Francisco, January 11, 2010. California's ban on gay marriage goes to trial on Monday in a federal case that plaintiffs hope to take all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court and overturn bans throughout the nation. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith
Victory for gay rights groups in the Supreme Court, which might not choose to take the case if it is appealed that far, would make marriage a fundamental constitutional right without exception and overturn laws and state amendments limiting marriage to a man and a woman in 40 states.
A loss in the top court, two ranks above the action that starts on Monday, would derail efforts to win in state courts that have been a hallmark of the gay rights movement thus far.
The case begins in a San Francisco court presided over by District Court Chief Judge Vaughn Walker, who clearly enjoyed preliminary sessions, joking with lawyers between barrages of pointed questions.
The United States is divided on gay marriage. It is legal in only five states, although most of those, and the District of Columbia, approved it last year.
The approval of California's Prop 8 in November 2008 was a sweet victory for social conservatives in a state with a liberal, trend-setting reputation and showed off the resounding success conservatives have had at the ballot box on the issue.
California's top court had legalized gay marriage in the summer of 2008, months before Prop 8 passed.
Gay rights lawyers in the case describe their battle as a continuation of the fight against racist laws that had stopped whites and blacks from marrying. Marriage is a fundamental constitutional right and, in addition, gays and lesbians deserve special protection from discrimination, they say.
The lawyers defending the ban say long traditions limit marriage to heterosexual couples and that a state, without malice, can be cautious about changing the institution. Heterosexual couples can have children, which society needs to continue, they add.
While a court battle to the Supreme Court would stretch over years, the trial beginning on Monday may take only two weeks.
GAY PARENTS
“Issues about parents and children and the role of child rearing will be central to this case,” said Joan Hollinger, a lecturer in family law at the University of California, Berkeley.
The lack of societal acceptance of same-sex marriages was a problem for children of those relationships — an argument for allowing gay marriage, she said.
Ted Olson and David Boies, two high-powered lawyers who faced off over the legality of George W. Bush's election win as U.S. president against Al Gore in 2000, have joined forces in an odd-couple team fighting for gay marriage.
Andrew Koppelman, a professor of constitutional law at Northwestern University, said an appeal is certain no matter who wins in court in San Francisco.
If the appeals court were to side with the ban, the Supreme Court would probably leave it, but a victory by the gay rights advocates in the appeals court would force the Supreme Court to act, since it could not ignore such a momentous change.
“There is no way to keep this out of the Supreme Court if they win,” said Koppelman, who has written books arguing in favor of same-sex marriage but sees this push as ill-timed due to the composition of the nine-member top court.
“Who are going to be your five votes on the Supreme Court? I have trouble getting to one.”
A SUPERSONIC jet capable of flying passengers across the Atlantic ocean in just three hours could change air travel forever.
NASA has wind tunnel tested the futuristic aircraft dubbed “the new Concorde”. The revolutionary Quiet Supersonic Technology (QueSST) project is aiming to create a jet that can break the 767mph sound barrier. Space boffins from the US space agency have joined forces with Lockheed Martin to work on the ambitious project. Engineer Charles Bolden hopes the jets will one day ferry passengers across the Atlantic in half the time of a conventional aircraft.
NASA REVOLUTIONARY: Concordes can travel at a top speed of 1,354 mph
Currently it takes a commercial airliner around eight hours to fly from the US to the UK. From London to New York, a Concorde's average flight time is around 3 hours 30 minutes. Bolden said: “NASA is working hard to make flight greener, safer and quieter – all while developing aircraft that travel faster, and building an aviation system that operates more efficiently. “To that end, it's worth noting that it's been almost 70 years since Chuck Yeager broke the sound barrier in the Bell X-1 as part of our predecessor agency's high speed research. "Now we're continuing that supersonic X-plane legacy with this preliminary design award for a quieter supersonic jet with an aim toward passenger flight."
GETTY RAPID: NASA hopes the jet will change air travel forever
Concorde: the TRAGIC crash which grounded a legend Air France flight 4590 saw the legendary supersonic passenger jet burst into flames shortly after take-off and crash into the French countryside. The plane struck debris on the runway, which then punctured a fuel tank. All passengers and crew died in the tragedy. 1 / 12 Getty Images The cover of Newsweek at the time of the crash
“NASA is working hard to make flight greener, safer and quieter.” NASA engineer Charles Bolden The jet is the first “X-plane” in NASA's New Aviation Horizons initiative. Although Concordes can fly at supersonic speeds, they are considered too noisy for commercial flight. NASA is aiming to dampen the supersonic sound waves to the level of a “heartbeat”.
Concorde: Through the years Concorde: Through the years 1 / 8 Getty Images Concorde Crashes
Expand Relatives hold portraits of disappeared family members at an event calling for the end of enforced disappearances, killings, and abductions, in Dhaka, Bangladesh, August 30, 2014. © 2014 Zakir Hossain Chowdhury/ ZUMA Wire/Alamy
(New York) – Bangladesh law enforcement authorities have illegally detained hundreds of people since 2013, including scores of opposition activists, and held them in secret detention, Human Rights Watch said in a report released today. The Bangladesh government should immediately stop this widespread practice of enforced disappearances, order prompt, impartial, and independent investigations into these allegations, provide answers to families, and prosecute security forces responsible for such egregious rights violations.
The 82-page report, “‘We Don't Have Him': Secret Detentions and Enforced Disappearances in Bangladesh,” found that at least 90 people were victims of enforced disappearance in 2016 alone. While most were produced in court after weeks or months of secret detention, Human Rights Watch documented 21 cases of detainees who were later killed, and nine others whose whereabouts remain unknown. The 90 cases include three sons of prominent opposition politicians who were picked up over several weeks in August 2016; one was released after six months of secret detention, while the other two remain disappeared. In the first five months of 2017, 48 disappearances were reported. There are allegations of severe torture and ill-treatment while in secret custody.
“The disappearances are well-documented and reported, yet the government persists in this abhorrent practice with no regard for the rule of law,” said Brad Adams, Asia director. “Bangladesh security forces appear to have a free hand in detaining people, deciding on their guilt or innocence, and determining their punishment, including whether they have the right to be alive.”
Video: Activists in Bangladesh Secretly Detained For Years Bangladesh law enforcement authorities have illegally detained hundreds of people since 2013, including scores of opposition activists, and held them in secret detention.
The report also documents the continuing disappearance of 19 opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) activists. The 19 men were picked up by law enforcement authorities in eight separate incidents over a two-week period in or around Dhaka in the weeks before the January 2014 elections.
Human Rights Watch interviewed more than 100 people, including family members and witnesses, to document these cases. Details of police complaints and other legal documents are included in the report. The Bangladesh authorities failed to respond to letters seeking their views on these cases.
Witnesses and family members told Human Rights Watch that most of the abuses were carried out by the Rapid Action Battalion (RAB) or the Detective Branch of the police (DB), both of which have long-recorded histories of abuse. In the case of the 19 opposition party members, witnesses said that eight were taken by RAB, six by DB, and the rest by unknown security forces.
Ruhul Amin Chowdhury, who saw RAB take away his son, Adnan Chowdhury, on December 5, 2013, said he had trusted RAB to release his son the next day. “They said, ‘We are taking him. We will bring him back,'” he said. “They betrayed us.”
“We Don't Have Him” Secret Detentions and Enforced Disappearances in Bangladesh Download the full report
Download the full report সারসংক্ষেপ এবং সুপারিশ ডাউনলোড করুন - (Download the summary and recommendations in Bengali)
A senior RAB official privately admitted to family members of Sajedul Islam Sumon, a well-known local BNP leader who disappeared on December 4, 2013, that he had had Sumon and five other men in his custody, but that they were removed by other RAB officials after he refused orders to kill them. The official assumed the six men had all been killed.
Law enforcement authorities repeatedly deny the arrests, with government officials backing these claims, often by suggesting that the men are voluntarily in hiding. The police do not allow families to file complaints alleging that their relatives have been picked up by law enforcement authorities.
In addition to enforced disappearances, there is an alarming trend of deaths occurring in secret detention of state authorities. In one such case, on June 13, 2016, Shahid Al Mahmud, a student activist of the Jamaat-e-Islami party, was “dragged outside [his house] and taken into a black microbus,” his father, Rajab Ali, told Human Rights Watch. Rajab Ali said that police officers were present during the arrest, although they later denied they were holding his son. Two weeks later, on July 1, police said they found Shahid's body after a gunfight with criminals. Shahid's father told Human Rights Watch that the police are lying: “The police abducted my son and staged a ‘gunfight' drama to justify the killing.”
Although the ruling Awami League party came to power in 2009 with a promise of “zero tolerance” for human rights violations, the practice of extrajudicial killings and enforced disappearances has persisted, with human rights organizations reporting at least 320 cases of disappearances since 2009. These include people suspected of criminal activities and militancy, as well as political opposition members.
Under international law, a forced disappearance is the deprivation of liberty by agents of the state, followed by a refusal to acknowledge the deprivation of liberty or by concealment of the fate or whereabouts of the disappeared person, which place such a person outside the protection of the law.
The Bangladesh government is making a habit of complete disregard for human rights, human life, and the rule of law.
The Bangladesh government should invite the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to investigate these allegations and make appropriate recommendations to ensure justice, accountability, and security force reform. The Bangladesh government should also invite UN experts, including the Working Group on Enforced or Involuntary Disappearances and the special rapporteur on torture, for an official country visit, allowing them full, unimpeded access to the places and people they seek to visit.
“The Bangladesh government is making a habit of complete disregard for human rights, human life, and the rule of law,” Adams said. “The government doesn't even bother denying these abuses, instead remaining silent and relying on silence from the international community in return. This silence needs to end.”
Selected Accounts
Secretly Detained and Killed
“The men approached my son on two motorbikes as he came out of the mosque after attending juma prayer. They handcuffed him after he gave his name and dragged him onto a motorbike at gunpoint. Some local people tried to stop this happening but the men aimed their guns at the local people and told people not to interfere with them as they were performing their ‘administrative duty.'”
–Nur Islam, father of Abu Jar Gifari, who was picked up on March 18, 2016. Abu's body was recovered with gunshot injuries on April 13, 2016.
“Just after midnight, two men broke down the bamboo boundary, entered the compound of our house, and called out Shahid's name as though they were his political associates. My wife and I woke up and went out to the gate, and one of the two men, both dressed in civilian clothes, pulled out a gun and threatened us. I opened the door and men went and pulled Shahid from his room. They allowed him to change his clothes. He was dragged outside and taken into a black microbus. There were other men present, some wearing police uniforms.”
–Rajab Ali, father of Shahid Al Mahmud, whose body was found two weeks after he was picked up on June 13, 2016
Launch Gallery Nineteen opposition party activists were picked up by law enforcement authorities over a two-week period around Dhaka in late 2013. They remain disappeared.
Continuing Disappearances
“We went to the apartment immediately. One of the guards there told us that three people in plainclothes went to the apartment and picked up my brother around midnight. When the guard tried to stop them, they introduced themselves as members of DB.”
–Moinul Hossain Opu, brother of Moazzem Hossain Tapu, disappeared since January 26, 2016
“When the door was opened, the men asked my sister-in-law, ‘Where is your husband?' My brother then went to the door and the men said, ‘You have to come with us.' My brother asked, ‘Can I have your identity? What is your force? Are you RAB, CID, DB?' They did not identify themselves. He asked several times. They did not wear any uniform and they had no legal arrest warrant. Nothing. They just said, ‘Come with us.' My brother said, ‘I am a lawyer and I need to know these things.' And then they said, ‘We will give you five minutes to get ready. Get ready and come with us.' … I stood in front of my brother and held the hand of one of the men. The man pulled away my hand and grabbed my brother. We were running behind him. It was total confusion. There was a white microbus and he was put in it. And the vehicle drove away.”
–Tahera Tasnim, sister of Mir Ahmad Bin Quasem, disappeared since August 9, 2016
“Suddenly we saw vehicles approaching. There was more than one car, but I can't say exactly how many. There were some men in black uniforms who came out of the vehicles. They had weapons. The cars had their lights on so I could see the men, the color of their uniform. There was one car with ‘RAB-1' written on it. I am sure that it was definitely RAB because of the clothes, and because I saw RAB-1 logo on the car.”
–Witness to the disappearance of six men from Bashundhara on December 4, 2013
“I approached the local police station. The duty officer told me that the police would not allow a complaint against RAB or any law enforcing agency.”
–Shamsuddin, father of Nizam Uddin Munna, disappeared since December 6, 2013
“As soon as he opened the door, they asked whether he was Pintu. He said, ‘Yes, I am Pintu.' Then two of the men grabbed him.… Pintu asked who the men were. They said, ‘We are from the administration.' He asked to see their ID cards, and they said, ‘It will not be a problem. You will be safe with us.' My husband did not put up any resistance.”
–Tarannum Nahas, wife of Selim Reza Pintu, disappeared since December 12, 2013
You've heard of shoe truthers? Less than a week later, there's another Hillary Clinton-related conspiracy theory being pushed by Chelsea truthers.
Newsmax TV broadcaster Steve Malzberg floated the idea Thursday that the presumptive Democratic presidential candidate has somehow timed her daughter's pregnancy to benefit her political ambitions.
“Chelsea Clinton is having a baby, she announced it (Thursday), and lo and behold, Hillary was by her side,” Malzberg said. “Hillary is going to be a grandmother and an expected grandmother while she runs for president.”
The former talk radio broadcaster recognized his claim would likely draw some attention from media watchdogs, who might point out that he has no basis to claim the former First Lady, Senator, and Secretary of State had staged her daughter's pregnancy.
“When I say staged, I have to be believed she's pregnant if she says she's pregnant,” Malzberg said. “I don't mean that they're making up she's pregnant, OK? But what great timing! I mean, purely accidental, purely an act of nature, purely just left up to God, and God answered Hillary Clinton's prayers, and she's going to have the prop of being a new grandma while she runs for president.”
“It just warms the heart, brings a tear to my eye,” he said, wiping his eye sarcastically. “It really does, wow.”
Update: Newsmax distanced itself Sunday evening from Malzberg's remarks, describing them as a joke attempt that did not reflect the organization's views.
“Steve Malzberg's comments were intended to be humorous not hurtful,” said Ken Chandler, Newsmax executive editor. “They were clearly inappropriate and do not reflect the views of Newsmax.”
Watch the entire segment posted online by RWW Blog:
[Image via Flickr]
For some, the city's upcoming, $850 million bond is more than an opportunity to fund major projects outside the scope of the annual budget — it's a campaign strategy.
In May, voters will either approve or reject the largest bond in the city's history on the same ballot that elects the next council.
But to capitalize, candidates must criticize, according to Greg Brockhouse, a political consultant who's considering a run himself.
“You better be prepared to see candidates running on wasteful government spending,” Brockhouse warned. “And that land bridge is a no-brainer.”
On his blog, Brockhouse has taken aim at a bond proposal of $15 million for a land bridge to connect the two halves of beloved Hardberger Park — or, as he called it, a “land bridge for critters” that's “an affront” to residents who need basic services.
“I think we need to get back to basics,” Brockhouse said. “We need to focus our attention and our tax dollars on where it's needed most.”
Brockhouse said a decision on whether he'll run in District 6 is “coming pretty quick.”
“I'm looking,” he said. “I've been out in the community for the past four months on a listening tour to make that decision … Probably nobody understands the issues in the district better than I do.”
Meanwhile, former District 10 Councilman Carlton Soules is disseminating a second draft of a document that bashes “Mayor Taylor's 2017 Bond Package” as wasteful and too generous to downtown.
The updated document concluded, “This bond needs a reallocation of resources back to historical levels before it is brought to voters, or a public discussion should take place as to why this new direction is being taken.”
On Monday, Taylor told me, “I have no idea what is going through his mind. And he has not been kind enough to share it with me.” (She took special exception to Soules's designation of the bond package as hers alone.)
Soules, who served on council alongside Taylor until 2013, wasn't available for comment that day. On Wednesday, he got back to me.
“I do analytical work,” said Soules, who now manages campaigns. “I also happen to be a former council person who invested three years of my life looking out for my council district, and I know how bonds work. So from my perspective, I want to make sure we do the right thing for the city and the council districts.”
He denied having a larger political motive.
“I don't have a big strategy,” Soules said. “I sent (the document) to all of the council members. I'm going to share it with community leaders.”
At the same time, he added, “Let's be realistic. Council chose to put this on an election cycle … I'm sure that candidates also would use it. That's just the natural thing. The largest bond in San Antonio is going to be an election issue. You just can't separate the two.”
Historically, San Antonio voters have embraced bond packages, supporting the last two with an average of 70 percent in favor.
Brockhouse, for one, senses a political advantage in Soules's attack.
“It's a smokescreen for whatever Carlton is up to,” he said, adding, “The guy's going about it the wrong way, going against the mayor and trying to take (the bond) down. That's a political hit piece.”
bchasnoff@express-news.net
The overlooked 'nose' of an African fish has forced scientists to look at the fossil record with new eyes.
Often regarded as a living fossil, the polypterus fish has provided researchers with evidence that four-legged land animals first developed the ability to breathe air as ancient fish in water.
Flinders University paleontologist John Long. Credit:AFP
Outlined in the journal Nature Communications on Thursday, the discovery is significant as it not only sheds light on the evolution of breathing air in the first amphibians but also the origin of hearing – all the way up the evolutionary tree to humans.
Being water-based creatures, the 'noses' of polypterus fish are located on the top of their heads. Physiologists based at the US Scripps Research Institute spent more than 360 hours observing how the primitive freshwater fish breathe. They found the north African fish, which has four limbs but no digits, was the only fish to still breathe through two valved channels on the top of the head.
In a two-project agreement between Marvel and Fox Networks Group, FX and Fox are moving ahead with two TV dramas set in the world of X-Men, both executive produced by the film franchise's director, Bryan Singer, producer Lauren Shuler Donner and Simon Kinberg as well as Marvel TV's Jeph Loeb and Jim Chory. FX has given a pilot order to Legion, written/executive produced by Fargo creator Noah Hawley, while Fox has closed deals to develop the long-rumored Hellfire (working title), created by Evan Katz (24: Live Another Day), Manny Coto (24), Patrick McKay (Star Trek 3) and JD Payne (Star Trek 3).
Neither series has the X-Men branding though both are set in the same universe and both stem from 20th Century Fox's Marvel deal for the rights to the X-Men franchise, which has spawned 11 movies, including several that are in the pipeline. The deals expand Marvel's live-action TV footprint, adding to the company's two existing series and a pilot at ABC and four series and a limited series at Netflix.
Legion introduces the story of David Haller: Since he was a teenager, David has struggled with mental illness. Diagnosed as schizophrenic, David has been in and out of psychiatric hospitals for years. But after a strange encounter with a fellow patient, he's confronted with the possibility that the voices he hears and the visions he sees might be real. He's based on the Marvel comics character Legion, the son of X-Men founder Charles Xavier (played by Patrick Stewart and James McAvoy in the films), first introduced in 1985.
Hawley will write the pilot and serve as an executive producer with Shuler Donner, Singer, Kinberg, Loeb, Chory, John Cameron (Fargo) and Steve Blackman. The pilot for Legion will be produced by FX Productions and Marvel Television, with FXP handling the physical production.
“Legion is just the sort of ambitious story that Noah excels at,” FX's Nick Grad said. “His adaption of Fargo for television was one of the most acclaimed television events in recent memory. It's also an honor to partner with Marvel on Legion and to enlist such an accomplished team of Executive Producers to create this pilot.”
Set in the late 1960s, Hellfire, produced by 20th Century Fox TV and Marvel Television, with 20th Century Fox handling the physical production – follows a young Special Agent who learns that a power-hungry woman with extraordinary abilities is working with a clandestine society of millionaires – known as “The Hellfire Club” – to take over the world. A different version of The Hellfire Club was previously seen as the primary antagonists of X-Men: First Class, led by Kevin Bacon's Sebastian Shaw.
“We are thrilled to partner with Marvel to bring this world to television and build upon the vibrant mythology that has captivated fans for years,” said Fox Entertainment president David Madden. “These powerful and dynamic characters are complicated and larger-than-life, the pace and visual imagination are unrelenting, and the story takes place during one of the most explosive eras in recent history. ”
McKay and Payne will write the pilot script, based on a story by Katz, Coto, McKay and Payne. Shuler Donner, Singer and Kinberg executive produce with Marvel TV's Jeph Loeb and Jim Chory will executive-produce the pilot, alongside Katz and Coto, who will serve as showrunners.
Michael Moore on Tuesday issued essentially the exact same argument he posted following the Sandy Hook massacre in Newtown, Conn. — show the crime scene photos, and the NRA is finished.
Ammo used in AR-15/M-16 is banned by Geneva Convention. It enters the body, spins & explodes. Show the crime scene photos & the NRA is over. — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) June 15, 2016
He was hit with quite a backlash at the time from parents of the murdered children, who started a petition asking Moore to stop pushing for the release of the pictures. He does have a point, though: If mainstream media were to show, say, the photos of our ambassador to Libya being “rushed to the hospital” that have been circulating online for years, the Clinton campaign might very well be over.
What doesn't carry any weight (no pun intended) is Moore's explanation of the exploding ammo used in the AR-15, which many have pointed out was not used by the Orlando nightclub shooter.
Oh my Lord you are one dumb MF @MMFlint If that was the case moron the military could not use the M-16. Where do you get these delusions? — Colorado Grandma (@CoFemale) June 15, 2016
@MMFlint 5.56 is specifically used by NATO countries. What are you talking about? — mycotechnologst (@mycotechnologst) June 15, 2016
@MMFlint There is such ammo, but standard load is 5.56 mm NATO round. Still devastating, but Geneva compliant. Misinformation not helpful. — Mark E. Herlihy (@MEHerlihy) June 15, 2016
@MMFlint How is it being used today on EVERY 'legitimate' battlefield across the globe? You didn't really think this through, did you? #2A — Walk Toward The Fire (@RichardRSmithJr) June 15, 2016
@MMFlint Who are you kidding? Geneva Conventions cover treatment of prisoners or civilians. Nothing to do with weaponry. — Me, Myself & I, I, I (@LifeOnAHorse) June 15, 2016
@MMFlint The most popular round in NATO is banned by the geneva convention? Well, holy crap, we better outfit the hague with stadium seating — panamaorange (@panamaorange) June 15, 2016
@MMFlint so, literally none of that is true — Scott Carrier (@carrierscott) June 15, 2016
Bob Owens of Twitchy sister site Bearing Arms once again offered some of that free education that Democrats keep promising but never deliver.
.@MMFlint You fat, stupid fool. How shall we unpack this? (1) — Bob Owens (@bob_owens) June 15, 2016
.@MMFlint First, the Geneva Conventions don't address ammunition in any way shape, or form. (2) — Bob Owens (@bob_owens) June 15, 2016
.@MMFlint The Hague Conventions cover the use of different kinds of ammunition. Trade a Big Mac for a book sometime. (3) — Bob Owens (@bob_owens) June 15, 2016
.@MMFlint AR-15s use .223 caliber bullets. The most common are 55-grain solid lead wrapped in copper. They cannot explode. (4) — Bob Owens (@bob_owens) June 15, 2016
.@MMFlint I know that you're very arrogant, and imagine that you're just a larger @katiecouric, but not even you can make this lie. (5) — Bob Owens (@bob_owens) June 15, 2016
.@MMFlint If you have a real argument to make based on facts, try it. The fact you grossly lie tells me logic is not on your side. (6) — Bob Owens (@bob_owens) June 15, 2016
.@MMFlint You know what is more powerful and causes more damage than an AR-15 bullet, Mike? Damn near any other rifle bullet. (7) — Bob Owens (@bob_owens) June 15, 2016
.@MMFlint If you were REMOTELY competent or honest, you'd know .223 cartridges are among the smallest of centerfire rifle bullets. (8) — Bob Owens (@bob_owens) June 15, 2016
.@MMFlint In fact, the 55-grain bullet fired by the AR-15 is about 1/3 the weight and less than 1/2 the power of most deer rifles. Oops
(9) — Bob Owens (@bob_owens) June 15, 2016
.@MMFlint Here's an idea, Mike: shut up until you educate yourself. you look (a little) less like a fool and a liar. (10) — Bob Owens (@bob_owens) June 15, 2016
Too late:
Any guy who had shop class in high school can change a semi-automatic gun 2 fully automatic in 5min. 4 million "AR-15"/M-16 guns in US homes — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) June 15, 2016
OK. Do it right now. Show us how it's done. https://t.co/eocjia3lvO — Nathan Wurtzel (@NathanWurtzel) June 15, 2016
He would, if only he had access to some sort of video recording equipment. Maybe the public can pitch in to buy him a movie camera.
National Recruiting Manager Hamish Ogilvie says the Crows are rapt with their four selections in Wednesday's AFL Rookie Draft.
Adelaide secured exciting West Australian forward Charlie Cameron, South Australian pair James Battersby and Alex Spina, and Oakleigh Chargers defender Jake Kelly in the rookie meet.
While the Crows didn't add any ruckmen or key-position players to their list in the Rookie or National Draft, Ogilvie said the Club had recruited a good mix of young talent.
“We had a couple of talls on our list today, but they got snapped up,” Ogilvie said after the draft.
“We've got Sam Jacobs, Shaun McKernan, Angus Graham and then Jack Osborn on our rookie list, so we're okay for now. We'll keep looking for ruckmen.
“Our plan for the Rookie Draft was pretty much to take the best available player, with a slight slant to local talent. We also wanted to get some speed in and we've done that with Charlie and Alex.
“Overall, today went really well. We prepared for the worst-case scenarios, but fortunately those didn't eventuate and things worked out. We're very happy.”
Ogilvie and SA/WA Recruiting Manager, Phil Bunn, review each of Adelaide's rookie picks:
Pick No.7 - Charlie Cameron
Position: Small forward
Height: 183cm
Weight: 72kg
Born: 5/7/94
Home club: Swan Districts
“We would've been happy to take Charlie in the National Draft. He was in the mix at pick No.46 (used to select Riley Knight), so we're rapt to get him as a rookie. He's only played between 30-40 games of footy. He went to Swan Districts hoping to get a game in the colts, but he played every game in the seniors this year and was selected to represent WA at the Under-18 National Championships. We've been keen to get some speed into our group and Charlie has serious speed.
“He loves tackling and creates a lot of goals through his forward pressure. He had nine tackles in one game in the WAFL. He can take a good mark for a little fella – I've seen him sit on top of a pack and take a hanger. He's a chasing, hard-working, tackling small forward in the Eddie Betts/Jared Petrenko mould. Hopefully, Eddie, Jared and also Ian Callinan can take Charlie under their wings and really help bring him along.” – Hamish Ogilvie and Phil Bunn
Pick No.24 - James Battersby
Position: Small midfielder/defender/forward
Height: 177cm
Weight: 78kg
Born: 7/11/95
Home club: Sturt
“We thought James might be there at our second pick – we were hoping anyway. James played really well at SANFL level this year. Whenever he was available, Sturt picked him in their league side. He made an impact and had some great games in a variety of roles. He played wing and as an inside-midfielder for Sturt. When he played for SA at the National Championships, they used him as a small defender. His ability to read the play and rebound was very good and he was named All-Australian. He's a very good kick and has great vision. Of the players to play all five games at the National Championships, his kicking efficiency was the best.” – Phil Bunn
Pick No.40 - Jake Kelly
Position: Small defender
Height: 189cm
Weight: 84kg
Born: 21/1/95
Home club: Oakleigh Chargers
“Jake is a super-intelligent and diligent professional. He split his time between Scotch College and Oakleigh Chargers this year. He has an AFL-level of preparation now and understands what's required. He also has elite endurance and ran extremely well in the 3km time-trial at the Draft Combine. Jake will give himself every chance to make it. If ever there was a snapshot of the rookie mentality, that's what you need. Rookies have to work their bums off and Jake will. He's in ripping shape and is a good size.
“The sealer for us was a VFL game he played for Collingwood against Werribee. He played on the wing and we really liked his game. We watched him a lot and he's had a nice, gradual improvement. He needs to work on his kicking, but we think he has a big upside. He's definitely worth a crack. The issue was whether Collingwood would pick him (as a Father-Son selection), but it didn't eventuate and he chose to try his luck in the draft. He's happy to come here and we're pleased to get him.” – Hamish Ogilvie
Pick No.52 Alex Spina
Position: Medium forward
Height: 181cm
Weight: 75kg
Born: 27/6/95
Home club: North Adelaide
“Alex was a really promising 17-year-old last year. He was selected in the AIS-AFL Academy squad and travelled to Europe this year. We all expected him to be a standout player this year, but for whatever reason he didn't quite get the results this year that he or we had hoped for. He played reserves footy at North Adelaide for most of the year. He played a few Under-18 games and averaged about 25 disposals, so he showed he was a cut above that level. We've seen it before, where a kid is a dominant 17-year-old and then his 18th year just doesn't quite happen. He's got great speed and agility. He's got a great side-step and kicks the ball really well. He needs to improve his work rate and he understands that. He's a really good kid. I've had a couple of really honest chats to him recently and gave him some really honest feedback. He accepted the feedback and is ready to take the challenge on, and prove to a few people that he can play AFL footy.” – Phil Bunn
The Crows are on track to sell out Adelaide Oval in 2014. Don't miss out! Visit 19thman.com.auor phone the Member Service Centre on (08) 8440 6666 to secure your spot.
CHICAGO — The FBI has requested a DNA sample from “Unabomber” Ted Kaczynski as part of its investigation into the 1982 deaths of seven Chicago-area people who took cyanide-laced Tylenol from packages that had been tampered with, officials said Thursday.
Kaczynski, who pleaded guilty in 1998 to setting 16 explosions that killed three people and is serving a life sentence in federal prison, has declined to voluntarily provide a DNA sample.
Chicago FBI spokeswoman Cynthia Yates said the FBI is seeking DNA from Kaczynski and “numerous individuals,” although she wouldn't provide details about any of the others. She declined to say whether the agency would try to compel Kaczynski to give a sample, but in a motion filed in California court, Kaczynski said he was told the FBI would try to force his hand.
John Balasz, Kaczynski's attorney, said he thinks the FBI is wanting Kaczynski's DNA simply to rule him out as a suspect in the Tylenol case.
“You've got to ask the FBI how serious they are. I think it's probably more that they want to exclude him,” he said.
Balasz said he's “completely convinced” that Kaczynski had no involvement in the case.
The U.S. Marshals Service is currently auctioning off items seized from Kaczynski's home. Ahead of that auction, he filed the court motion in California asking the court to order the government to keep certain items taken from his cabin in 1996, including journals that could prove his whereabouts in 1982 and other evidence that could clear him in the Tylenol case.
In a response filed Monday, federal prosecutors said the courts lack the jurisdiction to enter such an order. They also noted that Kaczynski hasn't been indicted in connection with the Tylenol investigation “and no such federal prosecution is currently planned.”
Kaczynski, who's in federal prison in Colorado, said in his motion that the officials who notified him of the FBI's request said the agency was prepared to get a court order to compel him to provide a DNA sample. He said he would provide one “if the FBI would satisfy a certain condition that is not relevant here,” but doesn't elaborate.
Balasz said he's told the government they'll have to get a court order to get the DNA sample.
The Tylenol case involved the use of potassium cyanide and resulted in a mass recall. Kaczynski said he has “never even possessed any potassium cyanide.”
In a space of three days beginning Sept. 29, 1982, seven people who took cyanide-laced Tylenol in Chicago and four suburbs died. The deaths triggered a national scare and a huge recall, and eventually led to the widespread adoption of tamperproof packaging for over-the-counter drugs.
In 2009, federal agents searched the Boston home of James W. Lewis, who served more than 12 years in prison for sending an extortion note to Tylenol maker Johnson & Johnson demanding $1 million to “stop the killing.” Lewis has denied involvement in the poisonings.
The Tylenol poisonings case has stymied investigators for all of its nearly 30 years, and no charges have ever been filed in the deaths.
Helen Jensen, a former nurse who accompanied investigators to the home of one of the victims, said she hopes this latest news isn't a dead end like so many before.
“It sure would be nice to finally get some end to the whole thing, for the people that are survivors,” she said, adding that she still occasionally talks to the grandmother of a 12-year-old girl who died. “It's all very tragic; her whole family was destroyed by it.”
A patient was diagnosed with Ebola in the United States for the first time, CNBC reported, citing the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
Until Tuesday, Ebola patients had only been treated in the U.S. after being diagnosed elsewhere.
The AP confirmed the news.
According to WFAA.com, the patient was being treated at a Dallas hospital.
Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital of Dallas announced on Monday that one of its patients was being tested for Ebola. The patient was kept in isolation and CDC officials headed to Dallas to meet with doctors there.
Texas health officials told KDFW that the chances of an outbreak in the Dallas area are very low.
UPDATE [6:08 p.m. ET]:
The CDC gave more details about the case in a Tuesday press conference.
Dr. Thomas Frieden, Director of the CDC, reported that the infected patient was traveling from Liberia and left on September 19th, arrived in the U.S. on September 20th, but had no symptoms of the disease during that timeframe. On September 24th, the patient developed symptoms, and then sought care on September 25th. On September 28th, the patient was admitted to the hospital in Dallas.
When asked why the patient was sent home after his initial visit, Frieden explained that the beginnings of Ebola virus can very often appear similar to common illnesses, adding that his office has encouraged emergency department physicians to be particularly careful to take travel histories and conduct rapid testing on anything resembling the illness. Despite complications in care, he stated that he had "no doubt that we'll stop this in its tracks in the U.S."
Frieden didn't disclose much information about the patient beyond the fact that he is visiting family in the U.S. Doctors didn't reveal his nationality -- or whether he resides in the U.S. or is a tourist. Officials did confirm that he was critically ill and that the hospital was discussing experimental therapies with the patient's family and drug providers.
Zachary Thompson, director of Dallas County Health And Human Services, is leading the public health effort to reach out and interview anyone the patient may have been in contact with in the time that he was showing symptoms, but had not yet been checked into the hospital. It's estimated that only a “handful” of people -- several family members, with whom he was staying, and one to three community members, had direct contact with him during that time, and they'll all be assessed and monitored for 21 days to see if symptoms develop. If they do, their diagnosis triggers the same public health effort: identify everyone they've been in contact with since symptoms started, and monitor them.
“We think, again, it's a small framework that we're looking at in terms of the number of people, but once we get additional information, we'll report out to the public,” said Thompson. The CDC also has a support team en route to Dallas to help state, local and hospital officials monitor those who had direct contact with the patient.
While public health officials are casting a wide net to err on the side of caution, Frieden re-emphasized that the Ebola virus was not a significant threat to the general U.S. population, and that any hospital with an isolation unit is equipped to isolate and care for someone who has been diagnosed with Ebola.
“It's a virus that's easy to kill by washing your hands, and easy to stop by using gloves and barrier precautions,” said Frieden. For instance, he said, the U.S. has seen several patients with viral hemorrhagic fever in the past, and standard hygiene practices prevented its spread -- even in the case of one patient with Marburg virus who was hospitalized and underwent surgery before being diagnosed.
Currently, the CDC has 130 staffers spread throughout West African countries to help support public health efforts to contain the virus. On the call, Frieden mentioned that the CDC was working with airlines to screen "100 percent" of passengers in Liberia, Sierra Leone, Guinea and Lagos, Nigeria for fever before they get on the plane. Frieden emphasized means that no one exhibiting symptoms is allowed on planes.
“Remember: Ebola doesn't spread before someone gets sick, and [the U.S. patient] didn't get sick until four days after he got off the airplane,” said Frieden. “So we do not believe there is any risk to anyone who was on the flight at that time.”
Ebola virus is only spread via direct contact with the body fluids (including urine, saliva, feces, vomit, and blood) of a person who is exhibiting symptoms of the disease. It has a high case fatality rate; by last count, the current outbreak has infected more than 6,500 people and resulted in more than 3,000 deaths.
“I have no doubt that we'll stop this in its tracks in the U.S.,” Frieden concluded. “But I also have no doubt that as long as the outbreak continues in Africa, we need to be on our guard.”
Republicans should stop shutting out Democrats if they want to pass healthcare reform, Rep. Charlie Dent (R-Pa.) said Wednesday.
The moderate Republican told CNN that trying to pass any type of reform with only one party on board won't work, pointing to the failure of the GOP's effort to repeal and replace ObamaCare last week.
"I think we should engage in healthcare conversations, but it should be from the center out. Republicans and Democrats coming together in areas where there are problems, and then put that legislation out on the floor," Dent said.
ADVERTISEMENT
GOP leadership is still hopeful it can repeal ObamaCare without Democratic support through reconciliation, a special budget bill that only requires a simple majority to pass both Houses.
But Republicans have faced resistance within their own party, with the conservative House Freedom Caucus refusing to vote for a bill that won't eliminate all of ObamaCare's insurer regulations, mandates and taxes. A bill that that meets those demands is unlikely to pass the Senate, however.
Some lawmakers, like Dent, have argued that the only way to get health reform through Congress is to look for votes among Democrats.
"I want to get this right," Dent said. "I am all for negotiating with people who want to get to a solution that can get signed into law, but engaging in a partisan-only exercise, I think we just demonstrated, is not going to work to make this reform sustainable and durable. It's going to have to be done on a bipartisan basis."
Dent also said that he hasn't heard from President Trump about healthcare since last week and isn't negotiating with anyone, including the Freedom Caucus.
Fans have been loving Childish Gambino's new track “Redbone,” the second single from his upcoming third album …Awaken, My Love!. With a sound reminiscent of Prince and music that recalls bassist Jaco Pastorius‘ 1976 song “Portrait Of Tracy” and Bootsy Collins' classic “I'd Rather Be With You” from the same year, “Redbone” has built even more hype for his new album.
Many noticed that the song is pitched up several notches in the beginning, giving Gambino's voice an entirely new sound. Genius decided to pitch the song back down the original level, revealing the starting point from which the song was created.
You can listen to a pitched-down portion of the song in the video above and read all the lyrics to Childish Gambino's “Redbone” on Genius now.
- Two Memorial Middle School teachers will not be returning next school year, according to a school spokesperson, after a teenage girl with ADHD received a school award for “Most Likely to Not Pay Attention.”
Nicole Edwards said her 14-year-old daughter received the award at a school assembly Tuesday. Rockdale County Public Schools spokesperson Cindy Ball confirmed to FOX News on Thursday the two teachers directly involved “will not be returning to RCPS for the next school year.”
“I feel like it was very derogatory, I feel like it was humiliating and this was held as an assembly with the school,” said Nicole Edwards.
Edwards said when her 8th grader came home with the award, she learned that her daughter was initially voted as “most likely to ask a question that has already been answered” something that she thought was very inappropriate. After seeing “Most likely to not pay attention” written towards the bottom of her daughter's trophy, she became even angrier.
“You guys are calling me when you're having problems with her in school when you're having problems with her not paying attention or not getting it and then you give her an award for it,” said Edwards. “Why call me to discipline her, but yet you turn around and give her an award for it, it doesn't make sense.”
Rockdale County Public Schools initially issued a statement to FOX 5 on Wednesday which read in part:
“I can assure you that Rockdale County Public Schools will not condone anything that may cause student embarrassment or humiliation.”
“Someone needs to investigate and make sure it never happens to another student again,” said Edwards.
Edwards said her daughter is doing well, but as a mother, she is deeply hurt by what happened. Edwards wants future trophies to be approved by top school officials.
I don't have a backstory at the moment.
Just mainly getting used to drawing her and messing with her design.
She's gonna have some sort of heartbeat theme going with her.
I haven't decided on much yet.
So yeah. It's a bat pony character.Cuz bat ponies are cool. Wooo.Other than a few sketches this is the first time I've drawn pony.Had to look up a few horse references to get stuff looking right.This is Arrhythmia, my pony OC.She's calm, yet mischievous, likes to be around other ponies, andshe's a bit of a flirt.She has a bit of a backstory now. Yay.
Arrhythmia's bio.
Name: Arrhythmia
Sex: Female
Age: Young adult
Personality: Arrhythmia is a generally nice pony. She is very social and thoroughly enjoys the company of others. She is also a bit mischievous and likes to play She is also quite flirtatious and will often use her looks to tease others or to trick them into doing stuff for her. Although usually calm and cool, her behavior can become somewhat erratic if worked up enough, preventing her from thinking clearly and calming others down. She sometimes
Talent: Influencing people's emotions by making their heartbeats faster or slower. She is able to do this by producing special sound waves with various screeches, each with a distinct sound. Faster heartbeats work other ponies up to get them to feel more extreme emotions, like anger or determination in order to get them do something that they originally didn't have enough confidence to do. They can also create panic in others to get them to run away. Slower heartbeats calm other ponies down to get them to think clearly during pressured or dangerous situations.
Backstory:
Arrhythmia was born in Las Pegasus but eventually moved to Ponyville with her family when she was young. She got her cutie mark by trying to save her friend in the Everfree forest. When she was a young filly she and her earth pony friend Sunspring had sneaked into the Everfree forest despite warnings of the dangers that lurked within. While flying around in the forest they had encountered a pack of timberwolves. The two fillies quickly ran away from the wooden canines as quickly as they could but Arrhythmia almost left Sunspring behind until she realized she was trapped by the wooden canines. Arrhythmia let out a screech that ripped through the ears of the timberwolves causing them to cover their ears temporarily. In any other situation Sunspring would have stood there, still cowering in fear and unable to move. But there was something in Arrhythmia's screech that made her heart beat faster. But instead of falling into more panic she suddenly felt something rise in her. Sunspring had gotten the courage to fend off the timberwolves long enough to get free and escape the Everfree forest with Arrhythmia. When Arrhythmia asked what made her fear go away Sunspring replied that it was something in her screech that gave her courage. Arrhythmia had absolutely no idea how this had happened but the realization that she had helped her friend out of a dangerous situation had given her her cutie mark.
I'll be adding more to it later after I figure more stuff out. I'm not a writer. So if this sounds like bullshit tell me so. Also tell me how to improve it, please. ^_^
Drawn and colored in Paint Tool SAI.Arrhythmia (c) Me.My Little Pony FiM (c) Hasbro inc.P.S. Black socks are kewt. 'w'
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 8, 2017, 10:16 AM GMT / Updated July 10, 2017, 3:15 PM GMT By Petra Cahill
Malnourished, injured and emotionally traumatized civilians have been staggering out of Mosul's Old City as Iraqi soldiers continue to drive the last remnants of ISIS fighters out of the conflict zone.
They may be the lucky ones.
The sense of urgency by U.S.-led coalition forces to liberate the ISIS strongholds of Mosul, in Iraq, and Raqqa, in Syria, has come at a heavy cost — particularly for the civilians trapped in the two cities.
Fleeing civilians walk past Mosul's heavily-damaged al-Nuri mosque. Felipe Dana / AP
ISIS is known to have used civilians as human shields, and to have shot and killed Iraqi residents trying to flee, according to the United Nations Human Rights Office.
In one three-day period in June alone, the U.N. reported that ISIS killed at least 204 civilians trying desperately to get out of the city. The total number of their victims is unknown.
Furthermore, the U.S.-led coalition airstrikes meant to root out the jihadists have wreaked extensive collateral damage in Mosul and Raqqa, resulting in the deaths of hundreds of civilians.
The U.S. military confirmed Friday that at least 603 civilians had "more likely than not" been "unintentionally killed" by coalition airstrikes since they started the bombing campaign against ISIS in August 2014.
Airwars, a non-profit organization that tracks civilian casualties from the airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq and Syria, puts that number about eight times higher.
The group, which is made up of former journalists in the Middle East, Europe and the U.S., found that at least 4,354 civilians have been killed by U.S.-led coalition airstrikes between August 2014 to June 2017.
A graph from Airwars, an independent monitoring group, tracks the number U.S. and allied airstrikes on Iraq and Syria from August 2014-June 2017 based on information from the U.S. military's Combined Joint Task Force - Operation Inherent Resolve.
'That place, it was absolute death'
Since October, coalition-backed Iraqi troops have been engaged in a fierce fight to retake Mosul. ISIS militants captured the city, Iraq's second largest, in 2014, and declared a so-called Islamic caliphate.
More than 850,000 people managed to leave the city and became internally displaced, according to Iraqi authorities. But many civilians were trapped by the intense urban fighting and terrorized by ISIS if they tried to flee.
"Shooting children as they try to run to safety with their families — there are no words of condemnation strong enough for such despicable acts," U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein said in a statement in June, calling ISIS attacks on civilians "war crimes."
The U.N. also said it was looking into civilian deaths caused by coalition air strikes — including one that reportedly killed between 50-80 people in Mosul in May.
A graph from Airwars, a non-profit organization, that tracks the cumulative U.S. and allied airstrikes on Iraq since December 2014-June 2017.
That came during the ongoing, nine-month campaign to retake the Iraqi city. Airwars estimates that this fight has seen between 900 and 1,200 civilians likely killed by coalition air and artillery strikes.
The group says they saw a spike in the number of coalition airstrikes since December 2016.
Its methodology involves tracking airstrikes based on data provided by the U.S., allied and Russian militaries and then investigating allegations of civilian casualties.
One explanation for the higher number of airstrikes may be that the U.S. military adjusted its authorities for commanders in the fight to retake Mosul in December.
The change allowed American advisers, who are embedded with Iraqi rapid-response and special-forces units at the brigade level, to directly deliver airstrikes and artillery fire to the units they are partnered up with.
Previously, they would have had to get approval through a strike cell, or panel at headquarters.
In a Feb. 22 Pentagon press briefing, Air Force Col. John Dorrian said that more coalition forces were "empowered" to have the ability to call in strikes in the Mosul operation.
NBC News asked the U.S. military if the reported change in military procedure had led to an increase in coalition airstrikes and civilian deaths.
The press office for the coalition, whose official name is Combined Joint Task Force – Operation Inherent Resolve, said in an email last month that there had been no changes to coalition strike procedures in the last six months.
It added that there is "no validated evidence if an uptick in civilian casualties" — only "unsubstantiated allegations."
"The Coalition's goal is always for zero human casualties," the press office said. "We apply rigorous standards to our targeting process and take extraordinary efforts protect non-combatants."
It added that "accordance and the law of armed conflict, the Coalition strikes only valid military targets, after considering the principles of military necessity, humanity, proportionality, and distinction."
A woman holds an injured girl as Iraqi forces continue their advance against ISIS in Mosul. Felipe Dana / AP
The U.S. military said its priority was to stop people suffering by defeating ISIS as quickly as possible.
"The longer this takes, the more the people will suffer under ISIS," it said.
However, humanitarian workers in Mosul said this sense of urgency trumped their efforts to make coalition forces more mindful of the civilian population packed into a city that had some 1.5 million residents before the conflict started.
Belkis Wille, senior Iraq researcher for Human Rights Watch, told NBC News that in the final push to take Mosul there was a "massive uptick in ground fire" and the use of large 500-1,000-pound crater bombs that cause huge destruction and many deaths.
Human Rights Watch made recommendations to the warring parties to take some of those powerful weapons off the table, Wille said.
But there was a "general feeling among the military forces, 'We need to keep the momentum up. It's better for the civilians of Mosul if we can get ISIS out,'" she said.
For the Iraqi military, ISIS' use of civilians as human shields made some casualties inevitable.
"It is a battle inside towns and cities, so there must be some casualties among civilians when you target ISIS terrorists who are hiding among civilians," Brig. Yahya Rasool, the spokesman of the Iraqi Joint Operation Command, told NBC News in a phone interview.
Rasool said the Iraqi forces' "main concern is to prevent civilian deaths." He defended the U.S.-led coalition airstrikes, saying they were "very precise" and rely on "precise intelligence information."
For the people caught in the crossfire in Mosul over the last few months, it's been a living hell.
"That place, it was absolute death," a man fleeing Mosul's Old City told the AP on Wednesday. "We will never be the same. Once the fear has been planted in your heart, you can't get rid of it."
'Staggering loss of life'
Meantime, coalition forces have also been closing in on Raqqa, the Syrian capital of the ISIS caliphate.
The city of approximately 220,000 is considerably smaller than Mosul, but it is of immense strategic importance to ISIS militants because they have used it as a base to launch attacks on the West.
In June, the U.N. Human Rights Council denounced the "staggering loss of civilian life" caused by the intensification of airstrikes on Raqqa.
"Violence continues to be directed against civilians, with complete disrespect for civilian protection," Paulo Sérgio Pinheiro, the head of the U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Syria, said in a statement.
The fighting has involved the "unrestrained use of airstrikes against residential neighborhoods, attacks against doctors and hospitals, [and] the use of suicide bombers that deliberately target civilians," he added. "Fighting remains brutal in purpose and reprehensible in method."
He also warned against tactics that involved civilian deaths as collateral damage.
"The imperative to fight terrorism must not, however, be undertaken at the expense of civilians who unwillingly find themselves living in areas where ISIL is present," Pinheiro said.
Kinda Haddad, the head of Syria research at Airwars, has been monitoring U.S.-led coalition and Russian air strikes, for the last two and half years. She said she used to see an average of three to ten alleged coalition airstrikes per week — but now she regularly sees about 50 per week.
A graph from Airwars tracking the number of U.S. and allied airstrikes on Syria from December 2014-June 2017.
"Earlier the [local] monitors said they knew when the airstrikes were coalition strikes because they were so precise," said Haddad. "But that has changed."
"The trend is telling us something," said Haddad. "The fighting is too intense. Choices can still be made. The preservation of human life should be at the forefront, not an afterthought."
'Horrific' toll
For the aid organizations trying to help civilians fleeing the violence, it has been an extremely challenging experience to say the least.
"This is a very sophisticated conflict," Jonathan Henry, of Doctors Without Borders, told NBC News by phone from Iraq last week. "It is an urban conflict akin to World War II. It is very challenging to work in."
Henry is the outgoing emergency coordinator for the organization, which is also known as Médecins Sans Frontières, in West Mosul. He said that even for MSF, which specializes in sending medical teams to conflict zones, trying to provide medical care to civilians when doctors are in range of artillery and sniper fire has not been easy.
"The horrific theme of the conflict, where women and children are among the victims, is extremely traumatic," said Henry, who has worked for MSF for the past 12 years in places like Darfur, Ethiopia and Syria.
On one positive note, he said that within days of opening their most recent medical treatment center close to the front line in West Mosul, they had their first baby delivery.
"So life goes on, even in a war zone," he said.
CORRECTION (July 10, 9:35 a.m. ET): An earlier version of this article misstated which airstrikes the Airwars group has been monitoring in Syria. They monitor Russian and U.S.-led coalition strikes, not Assad regime attacks.
The Russian Prime Minister, Vladimir Putin, has defended his decision to stand in next year's presidential election.
He denied it was a quest to retain personal power, insisting that he needed longer to raise living standards and make Russia stronger.
He is the overwhelming favourite to return to the position he first held 12 years ago.
But critics say his political influence is an increasingly destructive force.
However, at a dinner in Moscow with foreign specialists on Russia, Mr Putin vigorously defended himself.
Cosy
It has become a tradition: The annual face-to-face meeting with Mr Putin granted to foreign experts invited by the Russian government to discuss the state of Russian politics as part of the so-called Valdai club.
Sometimes he summons us to his Black Sea villa in Sochi. Sometimes the encounter is at a government guest house outside Moscow.
This year, for a change, we were taken to the livery yard in the countryside outside Moscow where Prime Minister Putin keeps his horses.
In the stables a magnificent white mare tossed her long mane coquettishly. Curious stallions peered down at us. One poked out his nose, apparently hoping for a carrot. At the Manezh nearby, expert riders were practising dressage. Outside thick flakes of snow fell steadily.
In the newly-opened French restaurant attached to the complex, we found an open fire awaiting us. Leather-bound fake books and a grand piano added to the convivial atmosphere. Behind glass cabinet doors, there was an impressive array of Armagnac with labels going back to the 1880s. Nothing but the best for Russia's soon-to-be once-again president.
"We thought it would be more cosy to meet here," explained one of his aides, "less formal than a government guest house."
We're not after personal power in this, we just want to build a stronger system Vladimir Putin, Russian Prime Minister
After three-and-a-half hours Mr Putin himself appeared. His aides gave the excuse that he preferred to wait till the Friday night rush hour subsided, since Moscow drivers caught in traffic jams got irritated when his governmental cortege, flanked by outriders and police cars, overtook them all.
In he walked, and shook hands with everyone. At the table, as usual, he drank tea and ignored the food, holding forth with vigorous attention on a wide array of topics.
Top priority for many of those present was the recent news that he planned to come back as president. If he wins next year's elections as expected, in theory he could be Russian president till 2024 - in power one way or another for nearly a quarter of a century.
Stability
A debate with Moscow-based colleagues earlier in the week had already been illuminating. Many former Putin supporters seemed aghast at the prospect of the man who had already ruled them for 12 years coming back for more.
There was much talk of stagnation, rampant corruption, and a dangerous political inertia that some thought might eventually lead to a social explosion. Opinion polls reflect a growing malaise at the wide gap between the obscenely rich and the tragically poor, exacerbated by a belief that Russia these days is being ruled by a mafia-like clan which is more interested in enriching itself than helping solve the country's problems.
All this was dismissed by Mr Putin. He energetically defended the plan to swap places with Dmitry Medvedev. It was not about hanging on to power, he said, and all about the weak state of Russia's institutions.
"We'd like there to be more internal resilience, so we can hand over power with a politically mature system. But it's not easy and it takes time," he said.
"We weren't dissembling, Medvedev and I, when four years ago we said what happens next will depend on what the political situation is.
"Both of us, we're not after personal power in this, we just want to build a stronger system."
Stability, for Mr Putin it seems, is the top priority - the means to protect the country from itself and from foreign enemies and the key to future prosperity. His argument is based on his record over the last 12 years. Russia, he said, had seen living standards double, a dangerous "civil war" in the Caucasus had been ended and Russia's economy had been saved from virtual collapse.
Lack of leaders
Some say a bonanza in oil prices is part of that equation. Mr Putin prefers to see it as the result of work by a strong and skilled leader who drives change from above - like, for example, his good friend Silvio Berlusconi of Italy.
Image caption Mr Putin believes he is the only leader who can hold Russia together
In his eyes, the prospect of Mr Berlusconi stepping down as Italian prime minster is regrettable. Mr Putin called him "one of Europe's greatest politicians" whose many years in power had - much as he had in Russia - given Italy much needed continuity.
And if his career had latterly been plagued by sex scandals, well, that was deliberate - just Mr Berlusconi drawing attention to himself.
More telling still, Mr Putin argued that one of the problems in Italy, as in Russia, was finding suitable candidates capable of taking over the helm.
"Listen, take any country. Berlusconi is stepping down in Italy for example. Are there many politicians in Italy of his stature? Name me one.
"Or take the United States, there'll be elections there soon. But the Republicans win, well they could, but they haven't got a leader! Where are they? The whole American system needs changing.
"It doesn't mean if you've got 100 new people, they should all think they can be president. They can try, but finding people who are up to it isn't easy."
And that's the lesson Mr Putin seems to believe about himself. Far from holding Russia back, he seems convinced that he is the only leader who can hold the country together.
While some might argue that it is Russian society that is dynamic, and its politics regrettably stagnant, Mr Putin denies this.
Russia's political model might not be perfect, he argued, but that did not mean it would lead to a Brezhnev-style era of stagnation. Once he was in place as president again, we would see, his approach too would adapt to changes around him.
Claim: UKIP MEP Mike Hookem took to Twitter to say he'd reported the incident to police in Dunkirk
A UKIP MEP has claimed he was threatened with a gun by migrants as he passed through Dunkirk in northern France.
Mike Hookem, who was elected to the European parliament last year, took to Twitter yesterday morning to say that he had reported the alleged incident to police in Dunkirk but was told he would need to report it by phone.
Brandishing the weapon while Mr Hookem tried to film them, the migrants could be heard shouting 'We need to get to England, this is our problem', it is claimed.
The news comes amid claims a violent British criminal gang are running the migrant smuggling operation currently crippling the French port.
The British gang is said to be using UK-registered car and vans to smuggle 'clients' across the Channel on ferries.
By operating with smaller vehicles with British licence plates, the criminals are believed to arouse less suspicion than the east European articulated lorries commonly associated with people smuggling on the continent.
As the chances of reaching Britain via Dunkirk appear to be higher, desperate migrants are forced to pay €1,500 each to make the journey.
The whole operation is run by a gang leader who claims to have been a 'big criminal in south London', according to The Times.
Yesterday UKIP MEP Mr Hookem claimed that he had been threatened with a gun by migrants as he attempted to film them.
He told his 1,200 Twitter followers that the migrants pulled out a gun on him, but did not give information on the circumstances of the alleged attack.
In a follow-up message Mr Hookem said he had reported the incident to the police in person, but was told he'd need to call the police to formally report allegations of an offence.
In turn, a police source in the Pas de Calais said he was 'not aware' of guns being used by migrants in the area, adding: 'We will investigate any reports as they are made.'
A spokesman for the French gendarmerie said 'credible reports' of a gun being used to threaten members of the public would be dealt with by an armed response unit 'as a matter of course'.
'This would particularly be the case if politicians or other senior officials were involved,' he added.
This is the moment Mike Hookem claims a migrant threatened him with a handgun as he visited a camp on the outskirts of Dunkirk. The UKIP MEP and defence spokesman said his group were invited to access a woodland site by the migrants but claimed the 'situation immediately turned nasty'
Threat: UKIP MEP Mike Hookem - who was elected to the European parliament last year - claimed he has been threatened with a gun by migrants as he passed through Dunkirk in northern France yesterday morning
Call the police: Mr Hookem has not elaborated on the circumstances of the incident, but his claims come as towns and cities in northern France struggle to cope with an influx of migrants hoping to reach Britain
On the tracks: Thousands of desperate people fleeing conflicts in the Middle East and North Africa have made they way to ports such as Calais - just 30 miles from Dunkirk
Migrants attempt to access train tracks leading to the Eurotunnel near Calais in the hope of reaching Britain
Philip Hammond said African migrants threaten to undermine living standards in Europe
The news comes as David Cameron admitted migrants in Calais are now 'threatening' border staff on a nightly basis in a bid to break into Britain.
The Prime Minister's official spokesman said 'desperate' migrants were 'marauding around the area' threatening the Channel Tunnel's security.
She added: 'There have been tens of migrants around the tunnel entrance at Coquelle every night seeking to threaten people there and to break through our fences and to enter the UK illegally.'
Thousands of desperate people fleeing conflicts in the Middle East and North Africa have made they way to ports such as Calais - just 30 miles from Dunkirk - where they are living in squalid camps and making nightly attempts to storm the tunnel in the hope of walking through it to the UK.
Meanwhile immigration minister James Brokenshire warned that rogue employers who give jobs to illegal immigrants will be hit with the 'full force' of the government machine.
He said the Government was determined to act against businesses which were denying work to British nationals and driving down wages.
Brokenshire's comments came as amid reports that immigration officers were preparing to mount a wave of raids this autumn targeting building sites, care homes and cleaning contractors.
'Rogue employers who give jobs to illegal migrants are denying work to UK citizens and legal migrants and helping drive down wages,' Mr Brokenshire said.
'Experience tells us that employers who are prepared to cheat employment rules are also likely to breach health and safety rules and pay insufficient tax.
'That's why our new approach will be to use the full force of government machinery to hit them from all angles and take away the unfair advantage enjoyed by those who employ illegal migrants.'
Migrants heading for Britain run along the railway line towards the Channel Tunnel in Calais, northern France
Migrants attempt to access the train tracks to the Eurotunnel terminal near Calais overnight
Breokenshire's intervention came after Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said the huge influx of migrants coming from Africa was threatening to undermine social cohesion and living standards across Europe.
Mr Hammond said the continent could not absorb 'millions' of Africans and called for the overhaul of EU laws to ensure those coming simply to find a better way of life could be returned to their own countries.
He said in many cases, migrants knew they once they managed to reach Europe for there to be little chance of them ever being forced to leave.
Hammond's comments were condemned as 'mean-spirited' and 'shameful' by Amnesty International while Labour said the Foreign Secretary was guilty of 'scaremongering'.
Speaking during a visit to Singapore, Mr Hammond said the gap in living standards between the two continents meant there would always be an 'economic motivation' for Africans to try to make it to the EU.
'As long as the Europe Union's laws are the way they are, many of them will only have to set foot in Europe to be pretty confident that they will never be returned to their country of origin,' he told BBC News.
'Now, that is not a sustainable situation because Europe can't protect itself and preserve its standard of living and social structure, if it has to absorb millions of migrants from Africa.'
Migrants continue to camp around the railway tracks in Calais, northern France
A sole migrant walk along the train tracks leading to the EuroTunnel terminal at Frethun near Calais
A pair of migrants walks along the train tracks leading to the EuroTunnel terminal at Frethun near Calais
Migrants run along the train tracks leading to the EuroTunnel terminal at Frethun near Calais overnight
Mr Hammond said ensuring migrants could be returned to their country of origin was also the key to resolving the 'crisis' at Calais, where hundreds are gathered in the hope of being able to make it across the Channel to Britain.
'So long as there are large numbers of pretty desperate migrants marauding around the area there will always be a threat to the tunnel's security,' he said.
Steve Symonds of Amnesty International UK denounced his comments, saying the Government had a duty to protect people fleeing conflicts and brutal regimes.
PoliZette The Side of DACA the Media Won't Tell Press ignore, downplay crimes committed by 'dreamers' as Trump set to end amnesty program
As President Donald Trump comes closer to possibly ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which has effectively legalized roughly 886,000 illegal immigrants brought to the U.S. as children, the mainstream media are insisting no DACA recipients have committed crimes.
On MSNBC on Friday, Ali Velshi, while interviewing Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, said, “By definition, if you are in DACA, you can't have committed a crime. If you committed a crime, you're out.”
Advertisement
[lz_ndn video=32927443]
This is false.
The DACA program, created under former President Barack Obama by means of a memo issued by Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano in June 2012, says that in order to be eligible for DACA, a person must have come to this country before age 16, lived here continuously for five years, been present in the country at the time the memo was issued, not have committed a felony or a “significant” misdemeanor, and not have committed “multiple misdemeanor offenses.”
This means that certainly, some percentage of the 886,000 people who've been approved for DACA — and have been able to live without fear of deportation and work legally in the U.S. for a two-year period — have criminal records.
John Manely, an immigration lawyer in Los Angeles, instructs potential DACA applicants on his website to consult with an attorney if they have a criminal record. He points out that the federal government has emphasized that it has discretion when making decisions about DACA eligibility.
“It basically means that [the Department of Homeland Security, or DHS] can look at the totality of circumstances when analyzing a criminal record,” he writes. “My interpretation is that DHS can look at the underlying conduct and not merely the conviction to deny a DACA application.”
Advertisement
He goes on to write that “significant” misdemeanors, including domestic battery, would usually disqualify someone from DACA, but that a less serious domestic battery charge in California that does not involve violence and does not involve a sentence of more than 90 days would not count as a “significant” misdemeanor and therefore would not disqualify someone from DACA.
“A battery could be the slightest bit of force, or an unwanted touching. This should qualify as a non-significant misdemeanor in that it is not an offense of domestic violence and typically does not have a sentence of more than 90 days,” he writes on his website.
Attorneys writing at the legal help site Nolo.com also addressed the issue of what constitutes a “significant” misdemeanor for purposes of DACA eligibility, listing those misdemeanors that involved domestic violence, sexual abuse or exploitation, burglary, unlawful possession, use of a firearm, drug distribution, or trafficking, or DUI/DWI.
But a person could have several misdemeanors that don't fall under one of these categories and still be approved for DACA, they write, “if the misdemeanors arose out of the same set of facts on the same date, USCIS [U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services] may look upon that misconduct as one misdemeanor rather than multiple misdemeanors.”
How many of the young adults now in the DACA program have been convicted of battery either before being granted DACA status, or after? We don't know.
How many in DACA were convicted of three or more misdemeanors but were still granted what amounts to almost-legal status? We don't know.
Advertisement
But we have a better idea of how many DACA participants have committed other kinds of crimes — crimes involving fraud in order to work in the U.S. when they are not legally present in the U.S. and not legally allowed to work.
Most DACA recipients “have committed multiple felonies in order to get jobs,” wrote Ronald Mortensen of the Center for Immigration Studies in a March 2017 report, listing the crimes: “Social Security fraud, forgery, perjury on I-9 forms, falsification of green cards and driver's licenses, identity theft, etc.”
“‘Dreamers' [for the Development, Relief, and Education for Alien Minors (DREAM) Act] continue to commit these job-related crimes right up to the day their DACA status is approved and they obtain work permits and their own genuine Social Security numbers,” he wrote.
What's even more shocking is to see that the federal government has not only turned a blind eye to these crimes, and not reported them to law enforcement, but has specifically instructed DACA recipients to withhold information on DACA application forms that would implicate them.
[lz_related_box id=837981]
Advertisement
“The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services guidance provided in their Frequently Asked Questions tells illegal alien dreamers to exclude their fraudulently obtained/used Social Security numbers in item 9 of Form I-765, even though this item specifically asks for a list of Social Security Numbers previously used,” Mortensen writes.
The agency also instructs employers to overlook the felonies an employee committed to get hired, telling them to simply replace the old I-9 form, which contained a phony Social Security number, with the new one containing the new Social Security number issued to the dreamer.
Thus the federal government has become complicit in covering up crimes committed by dreamers, and asking private corporations to do the same, where American citizens would be swiftly convicted for the same or similar offenses.
President Trump is expected to announce by Tuesday whether he'll cancel the DACA program. Politico reported Sunday evening that he has decided to end the program after a six-month delay, to give Congress a chance to pass a law that might allow dreamers to stay in the U.S., rather than face deportation.
(photo credit, homepage image: Jonathan McIntosh; photo credit, article image: Elvert Barnes, Flickr)
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Chairman Carl-Henric Svanberg: BP still in 'grand shape' despite record losses
BP says it has set aside $32.2bn (£20.8bn) to cover the costs linked to the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
The company said the charge gave it a loss of $17bn for the three months between April and June - a UK record.
BP's chairman said the costs estimate was based on the company's belief that it was not grossly negligent, and added the bill could be higher.
BP also said Bob Dudley, head of the Gulf clean-up operation, will replace Tony Hayward as chief executive
Mr Hayward will leave his post by mutual agreement in October.
He is likely to retain a role within the company. BP plans to nominate him as a non-executive director of its Russian joint venture, TNK-BP.
BP also announced it would increase its asset sales over the next 18 months to $30bn, a total that includes the $7bn-worth earmarked for sale last week.
The $32.2bn cost of the clean-up includes the $20bn already set aside in an escrow account for compensation claims.
"That estimate is also based on our belief that we are not grossly negligent," BP chairman Carl-Henric Svanberg told the BBC's business editor Robert Peston.
"Of course we will not know precisely because it depends on how many claims are coming in and [other] things that could happen."
But he insisted that the company was in good financial shape, with strong cashflow.
"It's of course a huge loss that overshadows everything else, but the underlying performance of the company is actually strong," he told the BBC.
"There is no worry about our financial position and our ability to get through this. It's of course a tragedy and it has large consequences, but we have no doubt that we will be able to rebuild the company," he said.
Stripping out the oil spill costs, BP made a second quarter profit, on a replacement cost basis, of $5bn, compared with $2.9bn for the second quarter of 2009.
'We will change'
MEGA QUARTERLY LOSSES AIG: $61.7bn loss in fourth quarter 2008
AOL Time Warner: $54.2bn loss in first quarter 2002
General Motors: $39bn loss in third quarter 2007
Bob Dudley, currently managing director and a US citizen, told ABC's Good Morning America programme, that BP would become a leaner organisation.
"It will be smaller and financially, it will grow. We're going to learn a lot from this incident and this accident... There's no question that we will change as a company."
The announcements were welcomed by most investors for their clear-cut approach.
Peter Hitchens, of Panmure Gordon stockbrokers, said: "It's basically a kitchen sink job...
"I think it's the board trying to wipe the slate clean."
'Milestone'
It is very difficult to describe a $17bn loss for three months of trading as a sparkling performance. But for BP it could have been a lot worse Robert Peston, BBC business editor Read Robert's blogSend us your comments
Tony Hayward said that, now oil had stopped spilling from the Macondo well, it was a good time to leave his post.
"With the leak now capped, we have reached a significant milestone. This provides a firm basis to reshape the company," he said.
On Monday, the BBC revealed that 53-year old Mr Hayward will receive a year's salary plus benefits, together worth more than £1m.
He will also be entitled to draw an annual pension of £600,000 once he reaches the age of 55.
Mr Hayward's pension pot is valued at about £11m and he will keep his rights to shares under a long-term performance scheme which could - depending on BP's stock market recovery - eventually be worth several million pounds.
Carl-Henric Svanberg said Mr Hayward would be missed.
"The BP board is deeply saddened to lose a CEO whose success over some three years in driving the performance of the company was so widely and deservedly admired," he said.
The handling of the explosion on the drilling rig off Louisiana on 20 April, which killed 11 workers and triggered the worst oil spill in the US, raised questions about Mr Hayward's leadership.
Shirtless. Green. Huge. Very very angry.
In "Marvel's The Avengers," Mark Ruffalo plays The Hulk, but it turns out he received help from someone who knows a lot about the character: Lou Ferrigno.
I'll explain.
[Related: 'Avengers' news: sequel is happening, makes $702 million]
Ferrigno played the post-transformed green monster in "The Incredible Hulk" television show from 1978-to-1982. (In all fairness, the late Bill Bixby played Dr. David Bruce Banner on the show -- which is the part Ruffalo plays in live-action in the film).
Ferrigno was called upon to help voice the new Hulk in "The Avengers." Oddly, he did not voice his own television character, but did lend his voice to previous Marvel "Hulk" movies in 2003 and 2008.
Oscar-winning sound editor Christopher Boyes, who crafted the voice of the "Avengers" Hulk, recently explained in a SoundWorks Collection interview (video also below):
"Initially for Hulk, I started using all sorts of animal vocals and tried to create this larger-than-life, territorial rage... And so the feedback coming back from Joss [Whedon] was that it was too much of a monster, too much of a creature. He really wanted to lead with the notion that this is a superhuman, but human in rage."
Boyes goes onto explain that he showed Whedon a bunch of examples that he experimented with, and the one he liked the most "turned out to be [a combination of] Mark Ruffalo, some Lou Ferrigno and a little bit of me and two people from New Zealand. So I led with that."
[Related: 'The Avengers' spoiler: Who was revealed in the final scene?]
Boyes added that Ferrigno "had a real knack for whom this character was," which is one reason he was kept in.
The 6-foot-5-inch actor, now 60 years old, has worked steadily in film and television over the years. And for all the voice over work he's been doing, you might not know that he lost roughly 80 percent of his hearing as a child. He wears hearing aids and has said in past interviews that the issue helped him become more determined in life.
[Related: 'Growing Pains' child star's 'Avengers' role]
As for who voiced the growls for the television Hulk back in the day: It was Ted Cassidy, most famous as Lurch on "The Adams Family." Cassidy, who also recited the opening narration of "The Incredible Hulk," died in 1979. His human growls were replaced by dubbed animal growls for the remaining years of the show.
Watch more clips from 'Marvel's The Avengers':
Clip: Interrogation Clip: Face Off Clip: Desperate Clip: Another Bout
On the 30th of June this year the controversial Rodrigo Duterte will begin his terms as President of the Philippines. But who is this man, why has his election so heavily divided Filipinos and international commentators, and what does his presidency mean for the Philippines?
Duterte has been the Mayor of Davao City (the third largest city in the Philippines) for over 22 years, running on a strong anti-crime platform. During the 2016 Presidential campaign he quickly established himself as the unconventional, anti-establishment candidate, running with a great deal of showmanship and controversy. He outraged critics and captivated fans with his refusal to stop his swearing, off colour jokes, or threats to kill throughout the election campaign. Notable examples include joking about the rape and murder of an Australian missionary, calling the Pope a “son of a whore,” and threatening to have journalists who are “unfair” to him killed. Typical to his nonconformist style, he skipped his own proclamation after claiming victory in the election, choosing to perform his usual duties as Mayor of Davao instead.
The three main issues he ran on included stamping down on crime, weeding out corruption, and a push toward Federalism.
Regarding crime, he cites his record as Mayor and the success he has had in battling criminal syndicates in the past. Controversially, as Mayor he was linked to 1,000 extra-legal executions of alleged criminals. Rather than apologizing for this he claims that as president he will “turn the 1,000 into 100,000.” At his final campaign rally he built upon this, saying “Forget the laws on human rights. If I make it to the presidential palace, I will do just what I did as mayor. You drug pushers, hold-up men, and do-nothings, you better go out. Because as the mayor, I'd kill you.” This strong man stance, along with his claim that he will end crime in six months has been met with huge support and is a key component of his electoral success.
Another core issue was his promise to challenge the ruling elite. Economically and politically, the Filipino society consists of huge inequalities. According to some economists, 40 families in the Philippines control 76% of GDP. Additionally, in 2014 the Centre for People Empowerment in Governance estimated that dynastic families controlled 80% of congressional seats and another 80% of Governors and Mayors. In the 2016 election this was particularly visual as three out of the five candidates were backed by the powerful Couangco family. Duterte's popularity and election is seen by many analysts as a symptom of the frustration of many Filipinos who have been disenfranchised by the political establishment.
Duterte also stood out through his promise to push for federalism. The Philippines currently have a unitary government with the vast majority of the power coming from the central government in Manila. However, many advocates of federalism, including Duterte, argue for a division of responsibility and power between the central (federal), state, and local governments. Duterte claims that this division of power will lead to more attention being given to poorer regions of the Philippines which will in turn lead to higher levels of economic growth. Additionally, Duterte argues that giving poorer regions some level of autonomy will help to bring peace in areas such as Mindanao that have experienced armed insurgencies.
Many are questioning how his election will impact the troubled Chinese-Philippines relationship. In the past 6 years, relations have been strained over territorial disputes over areas in the South China Sea such as the Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal. The tensions have been exacerbated over reports of growing Chinese aggression toward Filipino fishermen. Chinese President Xi Jinping expressed hope that Duterte's new administration could mean the revival of Sino-Filipino relations. In response, Duterte expressed a willingness to improve bilateral relations, and to work closely with China on joint development projects, but clarified that this would in no way constitute the Philippines backing down on its claims in the South China Sea. Speaking directly to China, he said, “I told you that is ours, you have no right to be there.”
It is questionable whether once in office, Duterte's hard-line will soften and whether if it doesn't he will have the ability to work with congress to approve his ambitious policies. His potential success will very much depend on his ability to work with his more mainstream Vice-President, Leni Robredo. Filipino elections involve voting for Presidents and Vice-Presidents separately, and this time, the pair come from different tickets. Some, like Filipino political scientist Julio Teehankee, have great hope for the pair, saying that under them the Philippines will see a “disciplinarian father and nurturing mother” who make a potent mix.
Whatever the case, the way in which the first few months of a Duterte presidency unfold will have huge ramifications on the Philippines, and indeed on the Asia-Pacific as a whole.
A Cairo court has set a September trial date for Mohamed ElBaradei, the recently-resigned interim vice president for foreign affairs, on charges of "breaching national trust."
The charges against ElBaradei were filed by a law professor at Cairo's Helwan University, according to a report in the state-run Al-Ahram.
He stands accused of "betraying" the public by resigning on August 14, a misdemeanour charge that could carry an $1,430 fine if he is convicted.
Khaled Dawoud, a former spokesman of the National Salvation Front of which ElBaradei was one of the founders, told Al Jazeera that the prosecutor general's decision to refer the case to court was probably a consequence of the current atmosphere of polarisation in the country.
"This is a reflection of the atmosphere in Egypt right now. You cannot take your independent stand or otherwise you will be considered breaching national trust" Dawoud said.
"The complaint against ElBaradei is ridiculous. I just even could not believe this kind of case will be filed."
The longtime diplomat stepped down hours after security forces brutally dispersed two protests in support of deposed President Mohamed Morsi, killing at least 830 people, according to official figures.
In his resignation letter, ElBaradei lamented the violent crackdown, warning of a "state of polarisation and grave division... the social fabric is threatened as violence breeds violence."
According to the complaint, ElBaradei's resignation gave the wrong impression to the international community, suggesting that the Egyptian government had used excessive force against protesters. "[This] contradicts reality," the complaint said.
Under Egyptian law, anyone can file a criminal complaint, which is usually investigated by a judge who decides whether or not to refer the case to trial. In ElBaradei's case, however, because it is a misdemeanor offense, the case will proceed directly to trial; the judge will decide at the first hearing whether to allow it to proceed.
ElBaradei left Egypt for Vienna days after his resignation, and remains outside the country.
CLOSE USA TODAY Sports' George Schroeder breaks down the the best matchups of the week. USA TODAY Sports
UCLA Bruins head coach Jim Mora. (Photo: Gary A. Vasquez, USA TODAY Sports)
The Pac-12 has reprimanded UCLA coach Jim Mora for public comments made about the officiating, Commissioner Larry Scott announced Tuesday.
Mora, critical of calls made during UCLA's victory against UCLA on Saturday, made the comments during his interview on UCLA's postgame radio show.
On the play in question: Arizona attempted a first-quarter pass on second and 6 at their 22-yard line. An offensive lineman was initially flagged for being an ineligible receiver downfield.
Officials picked up the flag and waved off the penalty after it was determined Arizona quarterback Brandon Dawkins was out of the pocket and legally threw the ball away out of bounds.
According to the explanation from the Pac-12 office:
Per the CCA Officiating Manual (Page 28: Other Passing Situations - 9), “If the passer is legally throwing the ball away and it lands near or beyond the sideline, do not penalize the offense for having ineligible players downfield.” Similarly, “Offensive pass interference for blocking downfield will not be called if the passer is legally grounding the ball out of bounds, near or beyond the sideline.” (Page 27: Not Offensive Pass Interference - 1). The correct ruling on this play was confirmed by the NCAA.
Mora drew an unsportsmanlike conduct penalty after the call, as Arizona was lining up to punt. In the end it did not hurt the Bruins, who won 45-24.
CTVNews.ca Staff
Air Canada been scolded by a court in Nova Scotia for not following its own rules about how it compensates the passengers it bumps from oversold flights.
The airline has been ordered to pay a passenger $1,050 in compensation. That includes the maximum $800 in compensation for getting bumped, as well as the maximum in $100 for general damages and $150 for court costs.
The case involved Halifax resident Dan Lachance, who flew from Halifax to Whitehorse in February. He had booked the flight several weeks in advance and been told by his travel agent that his flight was fully confirmed.
The trip involved flying from Halifax to Toronto, switching to a flight to Vancouver, and then transferring again from Vancouver to Whitehorse.
Lachance made it to Vancouver and boarded the last leg of his flight, but before the plane could take off, he was ordered to vacate his seat for another passenger with a boarding pass for the same seat.
Lachance was forced to take the next flight but his arrival in Whitehorse was delayed by more than eight hours as a result.
According to the airline's own rules, bumped passengers delayed more than six hours are entitled to compensation.
But Air Canada told Lachance he was not “denied boarding” onto the flight; he was simply “re-booked” in the ordinary course of its operations. When Air Canada refused to compensate him, Lachance took the airline to small claims court.
Air Canada argued that Lachance had taken the wrong flight from Toronto to Vancouver and in so doing, his flight to Whitehorse was no longer “confirmed,” which allowed them to sell his seat on the Vancouver-Whitehorse leg to another passenger. Lachance insisted he was on the correct flight.
In its ruling, the court rebuked Air Canada for “adding insult to injury” by insisting Lachance was "mistaken” about which flight he was on.
It also said while Air Canada has the right to overbook flights “in order to operate at full capacity,” it also has an obligation to follow its own rules about compensating bumped passengers.
“That quid pro quo strikes me as only fair and reasonable. A passenger's time has value,” the adjudicator wrote.
“He or she has organized that time around the previous commitment made by Air Canada with respect to departure times. If Air Canada decides to change that commitment solely for reasons of maximizing its own profits, why should it not compensate the passenger for the impact of that decision on the passenger's time?”
Gabor Lukacs, a Halifax air passenger rights advocate who represented Lachance in court, was pleased with the ruling.
"It is a shame that Air Canada would not comply with its own rules without a court order," he said in a statement.
Scientists have predicted a new phase of superionic ice, a special form of ice that could exist on Uranus and Neptune, in a theoretical study performed by a team of researchers at Princeton University.
"Superionic ice is this in-between state of matter that we can't really relate to anything we know of -- that's why it's interesting," Salvatore Torquato, a Professor of Chemistry who jointly led the work with Roberto Car, the Ralph W. '31 Dornte Professor in Chemistry. Unlike water or regular ice, in superionic ice the water molecules dissociate into charged atoms called ions, with the oxygen ions locked in a solid lattice, while the hydrogen ions move like the molecules in a liquid.
Published on Aug. 28 in Nature Communications, the research revealed an entirely new type of superionic ice that they call the P21/c-SI phase, which occurs at pressures even higher than in the interior of giant ice planets of our solar system. Two other phases of superionic ice thought to exist on the planets are body centered cubic superionic ice (BCC-SI) and, close-packed superionic ice (CP-SI).
Each phase has a unique arrangement of oxygen ions that gives rise to distinct properties. For example, each of the phases allows hydrogen ions to flow in a characteristic way. The effects of this ionic conductivity could be observed by planetary scientists in search of superionic ice. "These unique properties could essentially be used as signatures of superionic ice," said Torquato, "so now that you know what to look for, you have a better chance of finding it."
Unlike Earth, which has two magnetic poles (north and south), ice giants can have many local magnetic poles, which leading theories suggest may be due to superionic ice and ionic water in the mantle of these planets. In ionic water both oxygen and hydrogen ions show liquid-like behavior. Scientists have proposed that heat emanating outward from the planet's core may pass through an inner layer of superionic ice, and through convection, create vortices on the outer layer of ionic water that give rise to local magnetic fields.
By using theoretical simulations, the researchers were able to model states of superionic ice that would be difficult to study experimentally. They simulated pressures that were beyond the highest possible pressures attainable in the laboratory with instruments called diamond anvil cells. Extreme pressure can be achieved through shockwave experiments but these rely on creating an explosion and are difficult to interpret, Professor Car explained.
The researchers calculated the ionic conductivity of each phase of superionic ice and found unusual behavior at the transition where the low temperature crystal, in which both oxygen and hydrogen ions are locked together, transforms into superionic ice. In known superionic materials, generally the conductivity can change either abruptly (type I) or gradually (type II), but the type of change will be specific to the material. However, superionic ice breaks from convention, as the conductivity changes abruptly with temperature across the crystal to close-packed superionic transition and continuously at the crystal to P21/c-SI transition.
As a foundational study, the research team investigated superionic ice treating the ions as if they were classical particles, but in future studies they plan to take quantum effects into account to further understand the properties of the material.
This work was supported by the National Science Foundation (DMS-1065894) and the US Department of Energy (DE-SC0008626 and DE-SC0005180).
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GLADSTONE, Mo. -- A pint-sized, first grader from Gladstone is being called a hero. When she was just two years old, now six-year-old Jadyn Higgins learned how to dial 911.
A year ago, the curious Meadowbrook Elementary School first grader was playing around with the telephone when several times, she accidentally dialed 911, prompting emergency responders to race to her family's home.
“Her and her cousin, Nina, were playing on the payphone just dialing numbers." Tiffany Higgins, Jadyn's mother, said. “All of the sudden, the police show up!”
But on July 8, a real, big scare happened to the shy, soft-spoken first grader. Tiffany said she ran and jumped into the pool at their apartment complex, when she hit the back of her head on the side of the pool, knocking herself unconscious.
A smart Jadyn saw her mom was hurt dashed to this poolside payphone and called 911. She stayed on the line and described the scene the trouble her mother was in.
Tiffany's friend dragged her out of the pool and sat with her until paramedics arrived. Jadyn was cool and calm the entire time. Tiffany's injuries could have been much worse.
"I had a little bit of swelling on the brain, but it went away on its own,” Higgins said.
The grateful mother is convinced that Jadyn's quick thinking saved her life.
"She's my little hero. My lifesaver and yeah I'm so proud of her." Higgins said.
During a ceremony earlier on Monday night, Jadyn received two awards. The Mid-America Regional Council's Public Safety Communications Program presented her with a "911 Hero Award" and the Gladstone Department of Public Safety honored the first grader with a “Citizen Commendation Award”.
Minneapolis/St. Paul, MN – The Minnesota Twins announced today that they have added right-handed pitcher Alex Meyer, left-handed pitcher Jason Wheeler, outfielder Eddie Rosario and infielder Miguel Sano to their major league roster.
Meyer, 24, spent the season at Triple-A Rochester, going 7-7, 3.52 ERA (130.1 IP, 51 ER) with 64 walks and 153 strikeouts in 27 starts. Meyer was acquired November 2012 from the Washington Nationals in exchange for Denard Span. He was the Nationals first round pick (23rd overall) in the 2011 First-Year Player Draft out of the University of Kentucky. He was most recently ranked as the fifth-best prospect in the Twins system by Baseball America.
Rosario, 23, split the 2014 season between Single-A Ft. Myers and Double-A New Britain, hitting .243 (84-for-346) with 20 doubles, three triples, eight home runs and 40 RBI in 87 games. He also played for the Salt River Rafters in the Arizona Fall League where he hit .330 (33-for-100) with four doubles, two triples and 18 RBI in 24 games. The Puerto Rico native was originally drafted by the Twins in the fourth round of the 2010 First-Year Player Draft. He was most recently ranked as the 10th-best prospect in the Twins system by Baseball America.
Sano, 21, missed the entire 2014 season recovering from “Tommy John” surgery on his right elbow. He was originally signed by the Twins as an non-drafted free agent in 2009 and has hit .279 (384-for-1375) with 92 doubles, 17 triples, 90 home runs and 291 RBI in 379 career minor league games. He was most recently ranked as the second-best prospect in the Twins system by Baseball America.
Wheeler, 24, spent the 2014 season between Single-A Ft. Myers, Double-A New Britain and Triple-A Rochester, going 11-9, 2.67 ERA (158.1 IP, 47 ER) with 37 walks, 115 strikeouts with two complete games and one shutout in 26 starts. The 6-foot-6, 251-pound left-hander was originally drafted by the Twins in the eighth round of the 2011 First-Year Player Draft out of Loyola Marymount University.
The Twins now have 40 players on their major league roster.
Steve Bruce has urged Louis van Gaal to find a role for Ryan Giggs at Manchester United after warning the Dutchman that he faces a daunting rebuilding job at Old Trafford.
Van Gaal, the Holland coach, is expected to be secured as United's new manager within the next 24 hours after he emerged as the favoured candidate to replace the sacked David Moyes .
However, with Giggs, the interim manager, still uncertain about his future at the club, Van Gaal's first decision is likely to centre around how to accommodate the 40-year-old in his plans at Old Trafford.
Van Gaal is understood to have decided not to include Patrick Kluivert, the Holland assistant, in his backroom team and, with fellow Dutch coach Danny Blind choosing to remain with the national team, it would appear to have paved the way for Giggs to be offered a senior role in the coaching department.
Bruce, the former United captain who takes his Hull City team to United on Tuesday night, insists that Giggs can play a crucial part in helping Van Gaal to succeed as manager at Old Trafford.
“There's always going to be a place for Ryan at United because he has been a great there,” Bruce said.
“But it's a difficult one to call because if it is Van Gaal, he will have his own opinions on it. But I'm sure they will find a space for Ryan somewhere.
“He'll do something and I don't think he'll leave. He will be treated properly, I'm convinced of that, and he will have some role to play.
“Ryan may still have a role as a player. If Ryan feels up to it, why wouldn't you keep him on?
“I saw him play a few weeks ago, and he still looks a very good player to me.
"If he was to be available on a free this summer, I'd take him. He can come and see out his days at the KC in the Europa League!”
Having witnessed Giggs's emergence as a raw talent at United in the early-1990s, Bruce admits that he always sensed the Welshman was destined for stardom.
He believes that, when Giggs eventually gets a chance of management on a full-time basis, he can go on to replicate his playing success.
“He is the only one I've seen who, when we all saw him, we all said straight away: ‘This kid is a superstar,' ” Bruce said. “It was unbelievable watching him at 16.
“Sometimes you use ‘great' too often, but he's been one of United's greats and there will never be another one like him. Thirteen league titles? Fantastic.
“Doing as well as a manager as he has done as a player is going to be difficult because the success he's had is quite remarkable.
"But I think the way he handled his first press conference proved to me that he can be as good as he wants to be.
“If he wants to do it, make no mistake, he'll be a success. We've seen [Pep] Guardiola, [Jürgen] Klinsmann and [Kenny] Dalglish do it. Ryan is driven that way. He's a tough so and so.”
The Hull manager added: “I spoke to Ryan 10 days ago. I wished him good luck and welcomed him to the crazy side of the game.
“If he gets the job or not, you have to remember that Ryan has been at United all his life and he has never been fazed by anything.”
United's defeat at home against Sunderland at the weekend – their seventh Old Trafford defeat in the league this season – highlighted the problems facing Van Gaal when he takes charge at the club.
The former Ajax, Barcelona and Bayern Munich coach is likely to see the long-serving Patrice Evra and Rio Ferdinand following Nemanja Vidic out of the exit door this summer, leaving the new manager with the challenge of building a new back-four ahead of his first campaign at the helm.
Bruce, who captained United to their first two Premier League titles under Sir Alex Ferguson, believes that the defensive work required at Old Trafford will hand Van Gaal an instant problem.
“It is a hard job because time catches up with everybody and that is there to see with the players in United's back four,” Bruce said.
“Patrice Evra, Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic have been United's back four for almost 10 years and how do you replace them?
“No matter how many millions you have, it is not going to be easy to find players to come in and replace guys like that. In Vidic and Ferdinand alone, you have two centre-halves with years of experience that you just cannot find easily.
“Van Gaal has a fantastic record in management, though, and when he gets it, he will be taking charge of a fantastic club.
“I had 10 years there and even now, 15 years after I left, I still get letters from people asking about my time there.
"It is a global club and a really big job and whoever comes in is going to have to live up to the standards set by the former boss [Ferguson].”
Watch: Sport Explained - Where David Moyes went wrong
For the very first time, Perth (West Australia) will host the 11th World Zoroastrian Congress, from 1st to 4th June, 2018, bringing together Zoroastrians from the world over, to network, discuss, debate, form friendships and enjoy spending time together. Zoroastrians from all over Australia, including Sydney, Melbourne, Gold Coast, Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth, will be present to ensure the summit provides the perfect business cum pleasure atmosphere. Parsi Times is delighted to Media Partner with the 11th World Zoroastrian Congress.
Firoz Pestonji, the visionary and organiser of the 11th WZC, shares with Parsi Times readers that this first Congress in the southern hemisphere is open to all ages and will be discussing new topics and issues of relevance and interest to Zarthostis globally, with an interactive website to showcase new topics (www.11wzcperth.com.au) for open discussion on forums for all to debate digitally. The Congress will lay greater emphasis on issues related to the younger generation; Zoroastrian entrepreneurs; women and will also spring a few surprise items for delegates during the conference. This platform will get you to meet the Whos' Who of our Community and local Australians of global fame. The Congress will facilitate visiting business entrepreneurs and professionals to meet their local counterparts and encourage interactions and broaden their knowledge base and businesses.
The four day programme promises to provide the best of both worlds – entertainment and business and is the perfect break for the family. Says Firoz Pestonji, “The whole idea is for the community to not just get more familiarised with each other, but also to move forward together – towards progress and prosperity, in line with our theme – ‘Together Towards Tomorrow'. Our panel of fantastic speakers and dynamic discussions with breakaway sessions on religion, youth, business and culture will prove to be an enriching experience for all as we will share global perspectives based on unique experiences of us Zarthostis. Plus we have a great entertainment quotient with gala dinners and tours of to the Gold Coast, Melbourne, Perth, Sydney and New Zealand.”
For all details, please visit www.11wzcperth.com.au or e-mail: info@wzcperth.com.au
NEW DELHI: Faced with a severe shortage of doctors in rural areas, the health ministry has proposed 50% reservation of seats for postgraduate courses in government colleges for those who have served at least three years in public healthcare institutions in remote and difficult areas.
The proposal, part of the draft Indian Medical Council (Amendment) Bill, 2016, also suggests that such candidates be required to serve for another three years in remote areas after acquiring the PG degree.
A staggering 70% of the rural population has minimal access to health care, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO). The severe shortage of doctors, mainly in remote areas, has often been attributed to government policies and failure to implement them. While the parliamentary standing committee on health repeatedly raised concerns about vacant positions of doctors and healthcare workers in rural areas, the government argues the shortage is because of reluctance to work in such areas.
According to a study published in medical journal The Lancet, over 8% of 25,300 primary health centres in the country were without a doctor in 2015, 38% were without a laboratory technician while 22% had no pharmacist. Nearly 50% of posts for female health assistants and 61% for male health assistants were vacant. In community health centres, the shortfall is huge -surgeons (83%), obstetricians and gynaecologists (76%), physicians (83%), and paediatricians (82%). Even in health facilities where doctors, specialists, and paramedic staff have been posted, their availability remains in question because of high absenteeism.
The previous UPA government had also tried to make one year of rural posting mandatory for admission in PG courses. However, the move was met with severe opposition from resident doctors and MBBS students, prompting the then health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad to put the notification on hold.
The present government is now trying to incentivise doctors to serve in the rural areas and remote villages. It is also planning to involve AYUSH practitioners to make primary health services available in such areas. At present, there is just one doctor for around 1,700 people in India, whereas the WHO stipulates a minimum ratio of 1:1,000.
A mood ring shown face front, showing a band of green color change across a brown background
Thermochromism is the property of substances to change color due to a change in temperature. A mood ring is an excellent example of this phenomenon, but thermochromism also has more practical uses, such as baby bottles which change to a different color when cool enough to drink, or kettles which change when water is at or near boiling point. Thermochromism is one of several types of chromism.
Organic materials [ edit ]
Demonstration of the phenomenon of continuous thermochromism.
Demonstration of the phenomenon of discontinuous thermochromism.
Thermochromatic liquid crystals [ edit ]
The two common approaches are based on liquid crystals and leuco dyes. Liquid crystals are used in precision applications, as their responses can be engineered to accurate temperatures, but their color range is limited by their principle of operation. Leuco dyes allow wider range of colors to be used, but their response temperatures are more difficult to set with accuracy.
Some liquid crystals are capable of displaying different colors at different temperatures. This change is dependent on selective reflection of certain wavelengths by the crystallic structure of the material, as it changes between the low-temperature crystallic phase, through anisotropic chiral or twisted nematic phase, to the high-temperature isotropic liquid phase. Only the nematic mesophase has thermochromic properties; this restricts the effective temperature range of the material.
The twisted nematic phase has the molecules oriented in layers with regularly changing orientation, which gives them periodic spacing. The light passing through the crystal undergoes Bragg diffraction on these layers, and the wavelength with the greatest constructive interference is reflected back, which is perceived as a spectral color. A change in the crystal temperature can result in a change of spacing between the layers and therefore in the reflected wavelength. The color of the thermochromic liquid crystal can therefore continuously range from non-reflective (black) through the spectral colors to black again, depending on the temperature. Typically, the high temperature state will reflect blue-violet, while the low-temperature state will reflect red-orange. Since blue is a shorter wavelength than red, this indicates that the distance of layer spacing is reduced by heating through the liquid-crystal state.
Some such materials are cholesteryl nonanoate or cyanobiphenyls.
Mixtures with 3–5 °C span of temperatures and ranges from about 17–23 °C to about 37–40 °C can be composed from varying proportions of cholesteryl oleyl carbonate, cholesteryl nonanoate, and cholesteryl benzoate. For example, the mass ratio of 65:25:10 yields range of 17–23 °C, and 30:60:10 yields range of 37–40 °C.[1]
Liquid crystals used in dyes and inks often come microencapsulated, in the form of suspension.
Liquid crystals are used in applications where the color change has to be accurately defined. They find applications in thermometers for room, refrigerator, aquarium, and medical use, and in indicators of level of propane in tanks. A popular application for thermochromid liquid crystals are the mood rings.
Liquid crystals are difficult to work with and require specialized printing equipment. The material itself is also typically more expensive than alternative technologies. High temperatures, ultraviolet radiation, some chemicals and/or solvents have a negative impact on their lifespan.
Leuco dyes [ edit ]
Example of a thermochromic T-shirt. A hairdryer was used to change the blue to turquoise.
Another example of a thermochromic T-shirt.
Thermochromic dyes are based on mixtures of leuco dyes with suitable other chemicals, displaying a color change (usually between the colorless leuco form and the colored form) in dependence on temperature. The dyes are rarely applied on materials directly; they are usually in the form of microcapsules with the mixture sealed inside. An illustrative example is the Hypercolor fashion, where microcapsules with crystal violet lactone, weak acid, and a dissociable salt dissolved in dodecanol are applied to the fabric; when the solvent is solid, the dye exists in its lactone leuco form, while when the solvent melts, the salt dissociates, the pH inside the microcapsule lowers, the dye becomes protonated, its lactone ring opens, and its absorption spectrum shifts drastically, therefore it becomes deeply violet. In this case the apparent thermochromism is in fact halochromism.
The dyes most commonly used are spirolactones, fluorans, spiropyrans, and fulgides. The acids include bisphenol A, parabens, 1,2,3-triazole derivates, and 4-hydroxycoumarin and act as proton donors, changing the dye molecule between its leuco form and its protonated colored form; stronger acids would make the change irreversible.
Leuco dyes have less accurate temperature response than liquid crystals. They are suitable for general indicators of approximate temperature ("too cool", "too hot", "about OK"), or for various novelty items. They are usually used in combination with some other pigment, producing a color change between the color of the base pigment and the color of the pigment combined with the color of the non-leuco form of the leuco dye. Organic leuco dyes are available for temperature ranges between about −5 °C (23 °F) and 60 °C (140 °F), in wide range of colors. The color change usually happens in a 3 °C (5.4 °F) interval.
Leuco dyes are used in applications where temperature response accuracy is not critical: e.g. novelties, bath toys, flying discs, and approximate temperature indicators for microwave-heated foods. Microencapsulation allows their use in wide range of materials and products. The size of the microcapsules typically ranges between 3–5 µm (over 10 times larger than regular pigment particles), which requires some adjustments to printing and manufacturing processes.
An application of leuco dyes is in the Duracell battery state indicators. A layer of a leuco dye is applied on a resistive strip to indicate its heating, thus gauging the amount of current the battery is able to supply. The strip is triangular-shaped, changing its resistance along its length, therefore heating up a proportionally long segment with the amount of current flowing through it. The length of the segment above the threshold temperature for the leuco dye then becomes colored.
Exposure to ultraviolet radiation, solvents and high temperatures reduce the lifespan of leuco dyes. Temperatures above about 200–230 °C (392–446 °F) typically cause irreversible damage to leuco dyes; a time-limited exposure of some types to about 250 °C (482 °F) is allowed during manufacturing.
Thermochromic paints use liquid crystals or leuco dye technology. After absorbing a certain amount of light or heat, the crystallic or molecular structure of the pigment reversibly changes in such a way that it absorbs and emits light at a different wavelength than at lower temperatures. Thermochromic paints are seen quite often as a coating on coffee mugs, whereby once hot coffee is poured into the mugs, the thermochromic paint absorbs the heat and becomes colored or transparent, therefore changing the appearance of the mug.
Papers [ edit ]
Thermochromic papers are used for thermal printers. One example is the paper impregnated with the solid mixture of a fluoran dye with octadecylphosphonic acid. This mixture is stable in solid phase; however, when the octadecylphosphonic acid is melted, the dye undergoes a chemical reaction in the liquid phase, and assumes the protonated colored form. This state is then conserved when the matrix solidifies again, if the cooling process is fast enough. As the leuco form is more stable in lower temperatures and solid phase, the records on thermochromic papers slowly fade out over years; this may lead to interesting effects in combination with accounting records, receipts from a thermal printer, and a tax audit.
Polymers [ edit ]
Thermochromism can appear in thermoplastics, duroplastics, gels or any kind of coatings. The polymer itself, an embedded thermochromic additive or a high ordered structure built by the interaction of the polymer with an incorporated non-thermochromic additive can be the origin of the thermochromic effect. Furthermore, from the physical point of view, the origin of the thermochromic effect can be multifarious. So it can come from changes of light reflection, absorption and/or scattering properties with temperature.[2] The application of thermochromic polymers for adaptive solar protection is of great interest.[3] A function by design strategy,[4] e.g. applied for the development of non-toxic thermochromic polymers has come into the focus in the last decade.[5]
Inks [ edit ]
Thermochromic inks or dyes are temperature sensitive compounds, developed in the 1970s, that temporarily change color with exposure to heat. They come in two forms, liquid crystals and leuco dyes. Leuco dyes are easier to work with and allow for a greater range of applications. These applications include: flat thermometers, battery testers, clothing, and the indicator on bottles of maple syrup that change color when the syrup is warm. The thermometers are often used on the exterior of aquariums, or to obtain a body temperature via the forehead. Coors Light uses thermochromic ink on its cans now, changing from white to blue to indicate the can is cold.
Inorganic materials [ edit ]
Virtually all inorganic compounds are thermochromic to some extent. Most examples however involve only subtle changes in color. For example, titanium dioxide, zinc sulfide and zinc oxide are white at room temperature but when heated change to yellow. Similarly indium(III) oxide is yellow and darkens to yellow-brown when heated. Lead(II) oxide exhibits a similar color change on heating. The color change is linked to changes in the electronic properties (energy levels, populations) of these materials.
More dramatic examples of thermochromism are found in materials that undergo phase transition or exhibit charge-transfer bands near the visible region. Examples include
Cuprous mercury iodide (Cu 2 [HgI 4 ]) undergoes a phase transition at 67 °C, reversibly changing from a bright red solid material at low temperature to a dark brown solid at high temperature, with intermediate red-purple states. The colors are intense and seem to be caused by Cu(I)-Hg(II) charge-transfer complexes. [6]
[HgI ]) undergoes a phase transition at 67 °C, reversibly changing from a bright red solid material at low temperature to a dark brown solid at high temperature, with intermediate red-purple states. The colors are intense and seem to be caused by Cu(I)-Hg(II) charge-transfer complexes. Silver mercury iodide (Ag 2 [HgI 4 ]) is yellow at low temperatures and orange above 47–51 °C, with intermediate yellow-orange states. The colors are intense and seem to be caused by Ag(I)-Hg(II) charge-transfer complexes. [6]
[HgI ]) is yellow at low temperatures and orange above 47–51 °C, with intermediate yellow-orange states. The colors are intense and seem to be caused by Ag(I)-Hg(II) charge-transfer complexes. Mercury(II) iodide is a crystalline material which at 126 °C undergoes reversible phase transition from red alpha phase to pale yellow beta phase.
Bis(dimethylammonium) tetrachloronickelate (II) ([(CH 3 ) 2 NH 2 ] 2 NiCl 4 ) is a raspberry-red compound, which becomes blue at about 110 °C. On cooling, the compound becomes a light yellow metastable phase, which over 2–3 weeks turns back into original red. [7] Many other tetrachloronickelates are also thermochromic.
) NH ] NiCl ) is a raspberry-red compound, which becomes blue at about 110 °C. On cooling, the compound becomes a light yellow metastable phase, which over 2–3 weeks turns back into original red. Many other tetrachloronickelates are also thermochromic. Bis(diethylammonium) tetrachlorocuprate (II) ([(CH 3 CH 2 ) 2 NH 2 ] 2 CuCl 4 ) is a bright green solid material, which at 52–53 °C reversibly changes color to yellow. The color change is caused by relaxation of the hydrogen bonds and subsequent change of geometry of the copper-chlorine complex from planar to deformed tetrahedral, with appropriate change of arrangement of the copper atom's d-orbitals. There is no stable intermediate, the crystals are either green or yellow. [6]
CH ) NH ] CuCl ) is a bright green solid material, which at 52–53 °C reversibly changes color to yellow. The color change is caused by relaxation of the hydrogen bonds and subsequent change of geometry of the copper-chlorine complex from planar to deformed tetrahedral, with appropriate change of arrangement of the copper atom's d-orbitals. There is no stable intermediate, the crystals are either green or yellow. Chromium(III) oxide:aluminium(III) oxide in 1:9 ratio is red at room temperature and grey at 400 °C, due to changes in its crystal field. [8]
Vanadium dioxide has been investigated for use as a "spectrally-selective" window coating to block infrared transmission and reduce the loss of building interior heat through windows. This material behaves like a semiconductor at lower temperatures, allowing more transmission, and like a conductor at higher temperatures, providing much greater reflectivity.[9][10] The phase change between transparent semiconductive and reflective conductive phase occurs at 68 °C; doping the material with 1.9% of tungsten lowers the transition temperature to 29 °C.
Other thermochromic solid semiconductor materials include
Cd x Zn 1−x S y Se 1−y (x = 0.5–1, y = 0.5–1),
Zn S Se (x = 0.5–1, y = 0.5–1), Zn x Cd y Hg 1−x−y O a S b Se c Te 1−a−b−c (x = 0–0.5, y = 0.5–1, a = 0–0.5, b = 0.5–1, c = 0–0.5),
Cd Hg O S Se Te (x = 0–0.5, y = 0.5–1, a = 0–0.5, b = 0.5–1, c = 0–0.5), Hg x Cd y Zn 1−x−y S b Se 1−b (x=0–1, y=0–1, b=0.5–1).[11]
Some minerals are thermochromic as well; for example some chromium-rich pyropes, normally reddish-purplish, become green when heated to about 80 °C.[12]
Irreversible inorganic thermochromes [ edit ]
Some materials change color irreversibly. These can be used for e.g. laser marking of materials.[13]
Copper(I) iodide is a solid tan-gray (or white?) material transforming at 60-62 °C to orange color. [14]
Ammonium metavanadate is a white material, turning to brown at 150 °C and then to black at 170 °C. [14]
Manganese violet (Mn(NH4) 2 P 2 O 7 ) is a violet material, a popular violet pigment, turning to white at 400 °C.[14]
Steve Dykes/Getty Images
A snapshot of today's Western Conference standings might have caught many by surprise just months ago.
Tuesday night's 102-97 overtime win against the Toronto Raptors makes the Portland Trail Blazers 26-7 and puts them within 0.5 games of the top-seeded Golden State Warriors and their league-best record. The 23-8 Memphis Grizzlies aren't far behind in third place.
Head coach Terry Stotts spoke with reporters about his team's start following Tuesday's game:
I mean, I'm pleased. I think anybody would have taken this record going into 2015. The most important thing is that we've still got 49 games to go. We're not even halfway through. It's good to be where we are, but we play a good team on Saturday and like I said, we've got a lot of games to go. I don't think anybody is taking it for granted or being complacent about it. We've put a lot of expectation on ourselves.
The Raptors game was a particularly appropriate conclusion to 2014, another comeback effort highlighting the squad's renewed grit and determination.
As The Oregonian's Mike Richman observed apropos the latest table-turning, "It was the fifth time this season the Blazers have won when trailing after three quarters and the ninth time Portland has won after trailing by double-digits."
Perhaps fueled by title ambitions that suddenly seem well within reach, the Trail Blazers have thus far surpassed the West's usual suspects while outscoring opponents by an average of 7.5 points per contest.
Whereas the San Antonio Spurs, Oklahoma City Thunder and Los Angeles Clippers claimed those top three spots a season ago, each of those teams is presently ranked no higher than sixth out West. Portland has figured prominently in the bizarro world that's ensued, winning nine of its last 10 games after stringing together a nine-game winning streak in November.
That the Trail Blazers have done so in an unforgivingly competitive conference is particularly impressive.
Aside from signing center Chris Kaman this summer, general manager Neil Olshey made little offseason noise, preferring instead to build upon last season's semifinals appearance in the playoffs.
While organizations like the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks have busily upgraded their rosters, Portland's on-paper pedigree remains largely unchanged—it's perhaps even a step behind its rivals in terms of sheer talent volume.
But the results don't lie, and Charles Barkley has officially taken note. On Christmas Day, the Inside the NBA analyst said (h/t The Oregonian's Mike Tokito), "If I had to...I might take the Portland Trail Blazers coming out of the West."
Raptors point guard Kyle Lowry offered a similar assessment Tuesday night after his 25 points, seven rebounds and five assists proved insufficient for the East's top-seeded team.
"They're one of the best teams in the NBA," he told reporters after the game. "They've got two All-Stars over there. They're a complete team."
Sam Forencich/Getty Images
Certainly more complete than the 2013-14 iteration. That second unit ranked last league-wide with just 23.6 points per contest, a mark that's modestly improved to 27 points per game this season according to HoopsStats.com.
The even more dramatic revolution has occurred on the defensive end.
After allowing opponents 104.7 points per 100 possessions a season ago, Stotts' club is only giving up 98.6 points per 100 possessions through the campaign's first 33 games, which ESPN.com indicates is good for the league's third-most efficient defense.
Shooting guard Wesley Matthews addressed the improved defense during Tuesday's postgame press conference:
We believe. That confidence is what gives our offense confidence. When we're not making shots, we know that we can rely on our defense. That's different than years past. There were times we weren't able to do that. I don't know if we would have been able to do it last year. But we know that if we're not making shots, if we continue to do what we do defensively, we'll give ourselves the opportunity to get our offense back in the game.
Portland conceded at least 114 points to the Spurs in each of their first three meetings in last season's semifinals, a microcosm of the defensive liability that precluded a credible championship effort.
This time, things are different.
The Trail Blazers rank first league-wide in opponents' effective field-goal percentage (45.8 percent), opponents' three-point efficiency (29.1 percent) and share of opponents' points produced by three-pointers (15.5 percent).
Matthews' stout perimeter defense has had something to do with that, and—even amid the worst shooting season of his career at 40 percent—Nic Batum's length on the wing has been a formidable deterrent in its own right.
Sam Forencich/Getty Images
Meanwhile, an interior rotation comprised of three-time All-Star LaMarcus Aldridge, 7-footer Robin Lopez and Kaman serves as a respectable backstop.
Though the interior gives up 45.5 points in the paint per contest (No. 25 league-wide), Portland ranks seventh in blocked shots (5.4 per game). While the club doesn't force many turnovers, it has limited opponents to an average of just 19.1 assists—the league's second-best mark.
There's never been any doubt about this team's ability to shoot its way out of a bind. With two players averaging at least 21.9 points per contest and capable of going off for 30—or more—on any given night, the Trail Blazers still boast a top-10 offense that posts 106 points per 100 possessions.
That kind of two-way proficiency bodes well for Portland's chances of taking an already-impressive operation to the next level.
It may already be there.
Unless otherwise noted, advanced statistics courtesy of Team Rankings and ESPN.com.
Collect Water in a Solar Still
Desert Survival
Text and Photos By Gregory T. Jones
There was the man in tattered clothing, his body sweaty, his swollen eyes squinting over miles of sand. Cattle skulls and scorpions scattered the ground while vultures circled overhead awaiting their imminent feast. In a futile last glance, he held himself up with shaking arms. Then his head cocked to the side like a confused dog -- could it really be? Buried in the waves of heat rising from the sand, a small grove of palm trees rose far in the distance. Struggling to balance himself, he broke into a clumsy run. A gaping smile emerged from his cracked lips. Then, just before a commercial break for the latest soft drink, the leathery victim either did the backstroke in a spring-fed pool of water or collapsed in the wake of a mirage.
As a transplant from the Midwest to the Sonoran Desert of Arizona, I grew up with Hollywood's distorted images of the desert Southwest. However, the reality of not having water in the true desert can be equally or dangerously more life-threatening. The chance of falling upon a desert oasis or spring is extremely unlikely, and the possibility of finding a contaminated water source, such as mineral springs poisoned with arsenic, only decreases the chance for survival.
Even apparently healthy water sources can contain infectious organisms like giardia, causing humans to become ill and lose more bodily fluids. In 100+ degree desert temperatures, a person can hope to survive only three days without water. During this time, the person can expect the quality of their days to steadily decline. Dehydration strikes quickly and overwhelms the mind with irrationality. Physically, depletion of the body's fluids causes the volume of blood to decrease. Blood vessels then constrict because there is not enough blood to keep them expanded. Nausea, headaches, muscle cramps and dizziness quickly follow.
Emergency Survival Tool
Fortunately, there is an emergency survival technique for gathering water from our driest deserts during their most brutal seasons. It is commonly known as the solar still. One of the most significant survival tools created in the last 40 years, the solar still was developed by two physicians working for the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Results of extensive testing in the Arizona deserts by the U.S. Air Force proved that when properly assembled, the still can save your life.
The solar still functions under the general principle of the "greenhouse effect". Solar energy heats the ground by passing through a clear plastic barrier. Moisture from the soil then evaporates, rises and condenses on the underside of the plastic barrier above.
The still also has the ability to purify tainted water. In fact, it condenses pure water from just about anything. Even urine will produce clean, drinkable water. (CAUTION: One fluid never to be used is radiator fluid, as its toxins will vaporize and poison the water.)
Materials
There are only 2 essential components to constructing the solar still -- a container to catch the water and a 6 x 6-footsheet of clear plastic. A shovel or trowel, a length of plastic tube and tape are all optional.
The container can be a collapsible cup, an empty plastic bottle, a small cooking pot or just about anything with a large enough opening to catch falling drops of water. In a pinch, even tin foil or a sandwich bag can be fashioned into a workable receptacle.
The sheet of clear plastic can be a ground cloth used under tents when backpacking or a thin painting drop cloth. Both work well as long as there are no tears or holes. This is the one item that should be carried at all times, since there is no natural substitute out in the boonies. I keep a 6 x 12-foot plastic drop cloth taped inside my daypack, large enough to make two stills if necessary. Some desert rats like to keep their plastic sheets folded inside a hip sack or as part of their first-aid kits.
A 6-foot length of flexible plastic tubing, similar to the kind used in fish tanks is a non-essential but desirable addition to the still components. This will allow you to drink accumulated water without needing to break down the solar still, inevitably affecting its efficiency.
Construction
The best part of this life-saving device is that for something that collects water from seemingly nothing, the solar still is amazingly simple to build. Here's how:
Dig a pit approximately 4 feet wide and 3 feet deep. Use a shovel, hand trowel, a digging stick or even your hands in soft soil or sand. Look for a sandy wash or a depression where rainwater might collect. In the center of the pit, dig another small hole deep enough for the water container. Place the container inside, then run the tubing from the container to the outside of the pit. If there is tape available, tape the tubing to the inside of the container. Blanket the pit with the plastic sheet, evenly on all sides, but not touching the bottom of the pit. Anchor the corners with rocks. Find a small rounded rock to place in the center of the sheet, over the water container. This will keep the plastic centered and control any flapping from the wind. Gently push down on the center weight until the sides slope to a 45º angle. If the pit is dug deep enough, this should leave the center weight just a few inches above the water container. Next, secure the edges of the plastic sheet with rocks and dirt. Make sure there are no places where moisture can escape. Close the tubing end with a knot, or double it and tie it closed.
Within two hours, the air inside the still will become saturated with moisture and begin to condense onto the underside of the plastic sheeting. Because of the angle of the plastic, water will run down towards the center. Finally, drops will gather and fall from the apex down into the water container. As the container fills, simply sip fresh, sterile water from the plastic tubing. In especially dry conditions, water output can be increased by placing succulent plant material inside the still.
The solar still only takes about an hour to build. If constructed correctly, it can yield about a quart of water a day. And although the palm trees may be noticeably absent, you will have made your very own oasis in the desert, quicker than Hollywood could.
CAUTION: Solar stills are not a primary water source, nor a substitute for carrying adequate amounts of water in the desert. Always carry a minimum of one gallon per day per person.
Desert Animal Survival
Desert Plant Survival
Related DesertUSA Pages
Share this page on Facebook:
DesertUSA Newsletter -- We send articles on hiking, camping and places to explore, as well as animals, wildflower reports, plant information and much more. Sign up below or read more about the DesertUSA newsletter here. (It's Free.)
FREE DESERTUSA
NEWSLETTER Enter E-Mail address:
The Desert Environment
The North American Deserts
Desert Geological Terms
Image caption The Circles feature in Google+ allows members to categorise friends into groups
Google+ was supposed to be a "Facebook killer". Some now say it's already dead - but the search giant says it is just getting started.
The 19th Century writer Mark Twain once famously told a newspaper journalist: "The report of my death was an exaggeration," following unfounded media speculation that the author had suffered a fatal illness.
Similarly, search giant Google, which unveiled its much-anticipated online social network Google+ at a private launch in June, is battling recent reports from pundits who claim the network is "dead".
Early reports wagered that the service would one day rival social network Facebook in popularity. But a mere four months later, grim headlines have begun popping up on the homepages of US media outlets.
Forbes published "A Eulogy for Google Plus", while Slate declared simply: "Google+ is dead".
In contrast, though, social media news blog Mashable said the new service may still emerge as a significant force in the online world.
The online tool gained 10 million users within the first 16 days after its private launch, and 40 million within the first 100 days, making it the fastest-growing social network in the history of the web.
Facebook and Twitter both took more than two years to hit the 10 million user milestones.
But web analytics firm Chitika reported in October that excitement appeared to have waned for Google+ one month after its public launch, with traffic down 60% after spiking to 1,200% of pre-launch levels.
We have not even begun, let alone these reports of premature demise Bradley Horowitz, Google+ Google to kill off more products
Google has not released figures on the number of users signing up since mid-October.
Meanwhile Facebook, which now boasts more than 800 million users, has unveiled features similar to those that once set Google+ apart - such as the ability to lump friends into groups in order to separate who sees which content.
Reporting for Forbes, Paul Tassi was clear about the challenge Google faces trying to compete with Facebook.
"No-one is going to scrap a social network they've spent eight years building up to start over from scratch for one that offers only a few minor improvements," he wrote.
'Social layer'
Bradley Horowitz, vice-president of product at Google+, says the service aims to be more than simply a social networking website.
"Google+ is a foundational element for identity, relationship, interest across all we're doing at Google," Mr Horowitz tells BBC News, adding that the social networking function is just one of many social tools.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Google's Bradley Horowitz on the decision to delete Google+ business pages
Mr Horowitz says Google is attempting to build a social layer across all its products - including Gmail, YouTube and Blogger - in an effort to help tie the services together.
For instance, Google+ users can recommend links, videos and other pieces of content to their friends by clicking "+1" on a small widget, Google's version of the Facebook "Like" button.
This +1 is then used to help inform Google about how to list results from search criteria for each user.
"Everything we do is going to be informed by this sense of person and interest and relationship, so that all users' data can be used in their interest at their discretion," Mr Horowitz says.
"So the concept of Google+ dying, it's a misunderstanding of what we're doing," he says. "We have not even begun, let alone these reports of premature demise."
John Abell, New York Bureau chief of Wired.com, agrees with Mr Horowitz, but adds that Google+ could conceivably grow alongside Facebook, rather than in competition with Mark Zuckerberg's empire.
Mr Abell told BBC News that online communities were maturing and had "entered an era where there will not be a single dominant social network that kills the previous one, which has been the history of social networks so far".
And he says that if any company can build itself up as a social superpower alongside Facebook, it is Google.
"We're not talking about somebody who has borrowed $10,000 from his mommy," Mr Abell says. "This is Google."
"Since Google has such deep pockets, the notion that you can declare it dead because you are counting numbers and trend lines on a spreadsheet is kind of loopy."
Major player
Google has partly built its reputation on the breadth of its services, from email to photo sharing to music streaming. Users of these products total in the hundreds of millions, comparable figures to Facebook's reach.
But Google's bedrock still remains its search engine, which has been challenged by the increasing trend of online users finding content through their friends rather than through search.
Whether Google+ grows or not, the public should expect to see Google putting everything it has into the service's promotion and development during the coming months.
After all, many people first learned about Google+'s reported demise through friends - on Facebook.
Scientists have identified 28,798 genes in the chocolate tree, a breakthrough that could help produce finer dark chocolate
The chocolate tree and woodland strawberry have become the latest life forms to have their genetic make-up decoded by scientists.
The work gives researchers an unprecedented view of the biological parts inside each crop and is expected to help produce hardier and more disease-resistant plants and lead to tastier treats.
An international team of scientists led by the French organisation CIRAD selected a variety of the Theobroma cacao chocolate tree called Criollo, which was first domesticated by the Maya around 3,000 years ago. The tree is one of the oldest tree crops still grown and is used to produce some of the finest dark chocolate.
Many cacao farmers grow trees that produce lower quality chocolate because they are more resilient to disease and so more likely to guarantee a good harvest.
The researchers identified 28,798 genes in the chocolate tree, including two kinds that help defend against disease and a group of genes the plant uses to make cocoa butter, a prized substance in making chocolate, drugs and cosmetics.
Other genes were involved in giving the chocolate aroma, flavour and colour, while some influence levels of natural antioxidants, hormones and organic chemicals called terpenoids. The study is reported in the journal Nature Genetics.
Fine cocoa accounts for only 5% of world cocoa production because the trees are susceptible to disease and produce lower yields than other strains of cocoa tree. Scientists hope to use the genetic code to breed more productive varieties and develop a sustainable cocoa economy.
The genetic analysis was led by CIRAD researcher Xavier Argout and his colleague Claire Lanaud, who set up the project. Argout said unravelling the genetic code of the chocolate tree could help spur scientific work on the crop. "This situation could encourage new investments in research on Theobroma cacao, the food of the Gods, that has spread throughout the world since the Maya and Aztec civilisations," Argout said.
The genetic make-up of the woodland strawberry is reported in a separate study in the same journal. The fruit, known as Fragaria vesca, is similar to the cultivated strawberry but biologically less complex, making it easier for scientists to study.
Analysis of the fruit's genome revealed genes involved with flavour, flowering and disease resistance.
"We've created the strawberry parts list," said Kevin Folta of the University of Florida's Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences.
"For every organism on the planet, if you're going to try to do any advanced science or use molecular-assisted breeding, a parts list is really helpful. In the old days, we had to go out and figure out what the parts were. Now we know the components that make up the strawberry plant."
Co-author Mark Borodovsky, from the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta, said: "The wealth of genetic information collected by this strawberry genome sequencing project will help spur the next wave of research into the improvement of strawberry and other fruit crops."
As the Muslim holy month came to an end, Israel granted thousands of entry permits to West Bank Palestinians. Many took the opportunity to visit the beach and other places they are normally forbidden from reaching.
Photos by Oren Ziv, Yotam Ronen, Faiz Abu Rmeleh / Activestills.org
Thousands of Palestinian from the West Bank crossed the Green Line to celebrate the end of Ramadan on Israel's beaches this past weekend. Israeli authorities issued thousands of entry permits, allowing Palestinians to visit Israel during the three-day Eid al-Fitr holiday. Many traveled as far as Tel Aviv-Jaffa and Acre in the north.
Palestinians in the West Bank are subject to a permit regime that not only severely restricts their ability to enter Israel, but also within the West Bank itself.
Throughout the month of Ramadan, Israeli authorities allowed Palestinian women as well as men over 40 to cross Qalandiya checkpoint in order to reach Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem. Young men who weren't allowed to cross often used ladders to climb over the separation barrier
Related:
PHOTOS: Palestinians cross into Jerusalem for Ramadan
Palestinians cease being ‘threats' — for a month
Ramadan is over, the Muslims are coming
For additional original analysis and breaking news, visit +972 Magazines's Facebook page or follow us on Twitter. Our newsletter features a comprehensive round-up of the week's events. Sign up here.
Senator John Thune, Republican of South Dakota, has decided not to run for president in 2012, according to a statement on his Facebook page.
Drew Angerer/The New York Times
In the statement, Mr. Thune said that “at this time, I feel that I am best positioned to fight for America's future here in the trenches of the United States Senate.”
The decision, which Mr. Thune said he reached with his family after significant prayer, marks one of the first of what are likely to be a series of announcements from Republicans as the early 2012 field of presidential hopefuls sorts itself out.
Some Republicans saw Mr. Thune as a good-looking, charismatic leader with presidential potential. Mr. Thune first gained national recognition in 2004, when he defeated Senator Tom Daschle, the Democratic leader in the Senate, in a close race.
Mr. Thune's full statement:
Attention! This news was published on the old version of the website. There may be some problems with news display in specific browser versions.
War Thunder is Coming to the NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet
Gaijin Entertainment Announces Their Cross Platform MMO War Thunder is Coming to the NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet
Enabling SHIELD Tablet Users to Play Against PC, PlayStation 4, Mac and Linux Players, Gaijin Entertainment Continues Its Commitment to Supporting New Technologies, Bringing War Thunder To More Players Around the World – On the Go or at Home on the Couch
(MOSCOW, RUSSIAN FEDERATION) – July 22, 2014 – Award-winning developer and publisher Gaijin Entertainment announced today that they will support the NVIDIA SHIELD tablet – the ultimate tablet for gamers – with their mega-hit War Thunder.
“The days of being pious to one platform are dead. We are platform agnostic because we believe that our community demands that they have access to War Thunder on as many platforms as possible. Gamers have many tastes and it is a bad business model to restrict your game to a single platform when your community has ever evolving tastes and preferences and are always on the lookout for the next great gaming adventure,” said Gaijin Entertainment's Creative Director Kirill Yudintsev. “War Thunder on the SHIELD tablet will be that next great adventure. It provides our growing community of almost eight million players another amazing option to battle with or against friends and foes in cross platform play across the widest variety of home platforms, mobile devices and VR headsets – more than any other game in the industry.”
The SHIELD tablet is the first Android-based device that can run War Thunder natively in parity with PC and video game consoles.The SHIELD tablet includes the world's most advanced mobile processor, the 192-core NVIDIA Tegra K1. It's the only device capable of running today's AAA video games such as War Thunder without hiccup or stutter.
The SHIELD tablet will allow War Thunder fans to take the WWII blastacular experience with them on the go, using a specially created control scheme for the touch screen. When in need of a TV screen experience, players can connect via HDMI and enjoy War Thunder using the high performance, precise SHIELD wireless controller with ultra-low latency Wi-Fi direct.
“Gaijin Entertainment has done an amazing job with War Thunder, creating a cross-platform experience with unbelievable graphics on SHIELD tablet,” said Keita Iida, Senior Director, Global Content Management at NVIDIA. “Tegra K1 really brings the game to life and we're excited to deliver a game GeForce gamers can play at home – and continue playing anywhere, anytime they want.”
No launch date has been announced for War Thunder on the SHIELD tablet, but Gaijin Entertainment can confirm that War Thunder will remain a free-to-play, cross-platform, massively multiplayer military masterpiece, that allows players to fight their way across air and ground with access to over 400 historically accurate planes and armored vehicles. Fans can expect hundreds more added as Gaijin Entertainment commits to ongoing development via regular updates.
The design world is full of terms and names for distinct styles. Many consumers and interior design enthusiasts may know what they like, but not what the style they gravitate towards is called. KUKUN is here to give you expert advice on what characterizes a decorating style, so you can find your personal interior design aesthetic.
What is Scandinavian Design?
While “Scandinavia” may refer to a cultural and historical region in Northern Europe, the term “Scandinavian design” incorporates a number of elements.
First off, when you think “Scandinavian,” don't think gaudy. Although this style is all about the beauty of simplicity, it is by no means plain. Minimalism is a key component of this design style, as is functionality; Scandinavian design aims to improve daily life.
The genius in Scandinavian design is eliminating noisy stylistic frills and focusing the mind on the functionality of the product. Especially in the modern era, the usefulness of everyday items is underappreciated or forgotten altogether. By eliminating excess, the mind is calmed and focused.
Where does Scandinavian Design come from?
At roughly the end of the 19th century, Modernism was sweeping through Europe, as artist wanted to break free from the industrial revolution and boring, machine-made designs. Combined with the need to conserve materials throughout the worn torn beginning of the 20th century, modernism became about function.
The term was first coined at trade shows throughout North America in the 50's and 60's, as designers from Europe showed off their designs. Nordic designers specifically needed functionality to allow comfortable living through the winter, and “Scandinavian Design” was coined for this sub-culture of modernism. The trade shows were immensely popular, and this helped turn Scandinavian design into a worldwide trend.
Since many Scandinavian countries are not strangers to chilly weather, this style is also characterized by a sense of coziness and warmth. Think curling up in a beautifully simple chair with a unique design on a cold winter evening. Scandinavian design is also tied to nature. Expect to see materials like wood, fur, leather, stone, metal, and natural fibers and fabrics.
The mixing of neutral tones with clean whites reminds homeowners of nature, and can meld the interior of a space with nature outside the walls.
Scandinavian design also contains the idea of availability and accessibility. Everyone should be able to have great style, and simple items that improve their lives. This can be seen in the philosophy of retail giants Ikea and H&M (both Swedish companies).
Another thing to note about Scandinavian design is its popularity. Many companies across the globe (big and small) devote their entire aesthetic to this style. This is likely due to its simple beauty and sense of warmth.
Upgrade your home. Kickstart your renovation with cost and ROI estimates now. Estimate in real-time
Three Reasons You May Like Scandinavian Design
Simplicity Warmth Functionality
Famous Examples of Scandinavian Design
Arne Jacobsen's Egg chair
Hans Wegner's Wishbone chair
Grete Jalk's moulded plywood chair
Alvar Aalto's Riola Parish Church and Villa Mairea
Andrew Wakefield, seen here at a 2007 rally in London, is the director of “Vaxxed: From Cover-Up to Catastrophe.”
Actor and filmmaker Robert De Niro has abruptly reversed his plans to screen a controversial antivaccination documentary at the Tribeca Film Festival, just a day after defending the decision as an “opportunity for a conversation around the issue.”
Plans to screen the documentary, “Vaxxed: From Cover-Up to Catastrophe,” directed and cowritten by British medical researcher Andrew Wakefield, generated an intense backlash over just 24 hours. Wakefield's research linking vaccines to autism has been widely discredited.
In a statement late Saturday, De Niro, a Tribeca cofounder, said the documentary has been pulled from the film festival's schedule.
advertisement
“My intent in screening this film was to provide an opportunity for conversation around an issue that is deeply personal to me and my family,” said De Niro, who has a son with autism. “But after reviewing it over the past few days with the Tribeca Film Festival team and others from the scientific community, we do not believe it contributes to or furthers the discussion I had hoped for.”
The festival, De Niro added, “doesn't seek to avoid or shy away from controversy. However, we have concerns with certain things in this film that we feel prevent us from presenting it in the Festival program. We have decided to remove it from our schedule.”
Wakefield authored a 1998 study in the journal the Lancet that suggested that the measles, mumps and rubella vaccines could cause autism. The Lancet retracted the paper 12 years later; Britain's General Medical Council separately revoked Wakefield's medical license for a series of ethical violations and failure to disclose conflicts of interest.
His work, nonetheless, has helped fuel the antivaccination movement, even as public health officials have stressed there is no evidence that vaccines can cause autism.
By Saturday night, promotional material for “Vaxxed” had been removed from the Tribeca Film Festival's website.
Wakefield and the producer of “Vaxxed,” Del Bigtree, said they were dismayed by Tribeca's decision.
“It is our understanding that persons from an organization affiliated with the festival have made unspecified allegations against the film — claims that we were given no opportunity to challenge or redress. We were denied due process,” they said in a statement. “We have just witnessed yet another example of the power of corporate interests censoring free speech, art, and truth. Tribeca's action will not succeed in denying the world access to the truth behind the film ‘Vaxxed.'”
Wakefield and Bigtree said they planned on “pressing forward” and would detail plans for distribution later.
Newsletters Sign up for our Daily Recap newsletter Please enter a valid email address. Privacy Policy Leave this field empty if you're human:
This story was updated with the statement from the filmmakers behind “Vaxxed.”
- Advertisement -
Pelosi the Traitor has just proven that she is on Bush's A-list by granting telecom immunity along with more war funding to boot. In fact, the entire Congress are traitors, and clearly have no intention of straighting out the wrongs done by the Evil Bush-Cheney empire. We have talked and written and called and e-mailed until we are blue in the face, to no avail. It is time we took action.
I propose that we get into our vehicles and make our way toward the east, our convoy growing larger and larger each day, until we arrive at and surround the D.C. area. We will then move to make CITIZEN's ARRESTS of Bush, Cheney, and the entire Congress so that we can reclaim our country. Our government has been hijacked by terrorists, and I am no longer willing to sit here and do nothing while evil flourishes around me.
Who's in?
A shopkeeper in China was fatally injured last week after a woman with whom he was clashing clutched his testicles, and squeezed them until he blacked out.
According to local reports, the 42-year-old man, who hails from the southern city of Haikou in the small province of Hainan, was locked in a heated altercation with the 41-year-old woman over a parking spot.
The unnamed woman, who was picking up her child from elementary school, sought to leave her scooter outside the man's shop. When he refused, the two began quarreling. Soon they were joined by the woman's husband and brother, and the tough talk turned to violence.
At some point during the melee, the woman latched on to the proprietor's privates, and refused to let go until the man passed out. He was rushed to a nearby hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
The woman and her brother remain in police custody.
[HyperVocal, photos via China Buzz]
House Speaker Paul Ryan during a press conference. AP Photo/Cliff Owen House Republicans like to say their health plan is all about offering Americans choices. So what does it say about those choices if 52 million Americans, offered health insurance in the market designed to Republican specifications, will choose to buy no insurance at all?
The broad strokes of the Congressional Budget Office analysis of the plan are this:
Democrats will point to the insurance coverage loss number — 24 million more Americans without insurance — as evidence that this bill is terrible.
Republicans will respond that if people were only buying insurance because of the individual mandate, what's so great about that? The goal isn't to force people to buy coverage — it's to give them choices so they can do what they like.
The big problem with the "choice" argument is this: If their plan is all about choices, how come they couldn't come up with choices that appeal to those 52 million Americans who won't buy coverage under their plan?
There are a lot of people who don't like the insurance plans offered to them. But the number of people who would say, in the abstract, "I would prefer not to carry health insurance," is very small. They want to be offered health insurance that they find to be a good value.
In practice, people who go uninsured under the Republican plan will do so for one of two reasons.
One is that they won't be able to afford to buy an insurance plan. In some cases, insurance under this plan will be eye-poppingly expensive: Even after a tax credit, CBO estimates a single-coverage premium of $14,600 for a 64-year-old — even if his or her income is as low as $26,500.
Other people will go uninsured even though they could afford to pay for insurance because they will decide the available insurance does not provide a good value.
Under the Affordable Care Act, many people complain about high deductibles and co-payments that mean their health insurance does not seem to actually pay for the healthcare they need. This proposal would lead to even more "cost-sharing" — which is to say, higher co-payments and deductibles.
That is, the CBO report says that, for tens of millions of Americans, the only choices that would be available under the GOP proposal are insurance plans they won't have the money to pay for, or insurance plans they won't believe are worth buying.
That is a poor outcome for a healthcare policy that is supposed to be all about "choice."
THE MARRIAGE EQUALITY referendum due next spring will be – and already is – a huge font of debate.
To give context to how the country has arrived at this legislative watershed, journalist Una Mullally has compiled a chronology of events which led to this point, through the testimony of those who lived through them.
In the Name of Love: The Movement for Marriage Equality in Ireland is published by The History Press Ireland.
While the country will be asked to vote in 2015 on whether marriage rights should be extended to same-sex couples, one couple was fighting their corner on that very subject over a decade ago.
The following extracts reflect on the so-called KAL case – an action pursued by Katherine Zappone, now a senator, and Ann Louise Gilligan to have their Canadian marriage recognised for the filing of a joint tax return in Ireland.
The High Court gave them leave to pursue their claim in 2004, and it was appealed to the Supreme Court in 2007.
In 2012, the Supreme Court returned their case to the High Court, where this time they were challenging the constitutionality of the Civil Registration Act 2004 – the law that has in its language, the definition of marriage as between a man and a woman.
In this extract, co-founder of Marriage Equality Gráinne Healy, the former head of the Equality Authority Niall Crowley, and the director of UCD's Women's Studies Centre Katherine O'Donnell recall first hearing that Ann Louise and Katherine were pursuing their case:
GRÁINNE HEALY: Two things. One, I thought, ‘Jaysus, aren't they very brave?' – in Ireland, you know – to be putting themselves in for what was definitely going to be a trial by fire, and just all of the prurient interest that there would be in these two well-known, very middle-class, middle-aged women coming out as lesbians and the whole interest in that.
I remember thinking, ‘Jaysus, I hope they've thought this through', concerned about them, really, and then thinking, ‘Well, if they're going to do that, the rest of us are going to have to get behind them and support them. They're putting themselves personally out there.' That was the evening I decided, ‘Ok, whatever this case requires', and that for me was the sparking point – I need to get behind this.
NIALL CROWLEY: I thought it was hugely important on the same basis that people taking the anti-discrimination cases was very important.
This was bigger even, and riskier in terms of the cost and scale of it, and the courts that they were moving through in relation to it – the High Court – and so it was a very courageous move, a very strategic move, a very well-thought-out move, a very carefully planned move. It was very impressive in every way.
KATHERINE O'DONNELL: They were ideal poster girls, which is very important when you're going for a legal case. So they were perfect in that regard, and they were able to speak to Middle Ireland. They were able to speak in quite religious language as well, and spiritual language, and they've been together a very long time.
They had led exemplary, good lives, so they were perfect as a test-case couple and they were robust and strong enough to carry the emotional demands, which are really significant in taking that kind of case. They were ideal.
Just the tax case thing, I could never get very excited about that. I think it would have been more helpful to have taken on another kind of case.
When the women came before the High Court in 2004 to seek permission for the case to go ahead:
Katherine Zappone: So I'm up in my study phoning a few people still to let them know this is about to happen, because we wanted to make sure we told all of our close friends so they didn't just hear it in the news.
We weren't going to court until later in the afternoon. And I'm up there and all of a sudden Ann Louise runs up to me and says, ‘It's breaking news this morning that there is a lesbian couple that is taking a case for their partnership.' But they didn't name us.
Ann Louise Gilligan: I'm chairing a State board at this time. So I have to ring the minister and say, ‘Look, this is breaking. We didn't think it would have broken. We thought you better know.' … It broke in sixty-seven countries.
Katherine Zappone: We met our solicitor and we were literally going into the courtroom to seek permission to actually run the case. As we went to the courthouse, there were tonnes of photographers because they wanted to know who the couple was.
Ann Louise Gilligan: I remember Mary Wilson sitting at the table on the way in.
Katherine Zappone: Then word started to go out. We get upstairs, we wait to go in, we met sisters, relatives of friends of ours who are lawyers, and they saw us and they said, ‘Oh, it's you!' And then we get into the courtroom. It's a packed courtroom, and this is a day where a judge comes in and he's just listening to one case after another and looking for permission. And it's usually about ten minutes. That's what Ger Hogan said to us, ‘You'll be in and out.' There are a couple of cases before us saying, ‘Yes, you've got permission.'
Just before one o'clock or lunchtime, Ger Hogan stands up and he says something to the effect of, ‘Your Honour, I'm here to outline the reasons why we're seeking permission for a recognition for my clients, who are a same-sex couple, of their Canadian marriage.'
The judge was like this kind of, ‘Uhhh?' He just looks up – ‘WHAT?'
Ann Louise Gilligan: ‘Clear the courtroom!'
In the course of the actual case, which came before the High Court on 3 October 2006, it became clear that no matter the outcome, this would be a case to spark the ongoing debate about marriage equality in Ireland.
Zappone and Gilligan launching their case in 2006. Source: Niall Carson/PA Archive/Press Association Images
Ivana Bacik: It was very exciting. It was a case that I was really enthusiastic, really passionate about. Katherine and Ann Louise are brilliant people – I'm a huge admirer and fan of theirs. And so it was a great case, one of those cases where you feel ‘this is why I'm practising law'; to try and be involved in constitutional change.
I mean, I'd been involved in other constitutional cases before and since where you feel you're making a difference, but a lot of my work was very much bread-and-butter criminal work.
Katherine Zappone: Our other Senior Counsel, Michael Collins, [along with Ger Hogan] again also did brilliantly and he was spectacular. I was crying after his first opening, and he said to me … ‘Katherine, there will be good days in court and there will be bad days.' And there were several bad days.
The State, the two men who were against us, one of them also on the bench now – the Supreme Court – and the other one was Attorney General and was top senior counsel. It was a big fight. Every day there was a big report coming out of it, and one of the days – the first day it broke, I think – it was probably Kathy Sheridan who wrote a piece and it was, ‘Oh, love is in the air', and all this kind of stuff.
Kathy Sheridan: I remember going down to the High Court on the day. Now, I've covered many a case in the High Court and what struck me was that a lot of journalists turned up late. I'm generally not late for cases.
What they [the plaintiffs] had done was the standing on the steps, and had been giving pre-court appearance interviews and having their picture taken.
I always remember their good humour and serene authority. They came back and recreated their entrance for the media, gave the interviews.
To me there was something about these women that was so warm and serene. This country has a terribly divisive history on these social agendas, and these two women were the furthest thing from divisive. As a journalist, you're treated as the scum of the earth in the High Court. No one will talk to you or give you documents or anything. But here were the plaintiffs, very happy to discuss it all with us in a grown-up fashion.
Ann Louise Gilligan: As the next week unfolded, I could see – not that I could agree with it – but I could absolutely see what was happening, which was: ‘Society isn't ready. The definitional argument is what people understand to be marriage. Marriage is about complementarity. Marriage is about children.' All of which, of course, is false.
I could have stood myself and given the counter-argument to every single point, but I could see the judge above, and I just had that sinking feeling. You know, ‘I think the people are probably ready, but I don't think the legal system is.' That's what I was thinking…
My experience in that second week in the court is the lack of attention to the fact that the personal is legal and the legal is personal. And at times I felt there was such a lack of attention to the personal implications for Katherine and me of some of what was being said.
Note: This is an abridged extract from Chapter 3, The KAL Judgement, from In The Name of Love: The Movement for Marriage Equality in Ireland by Una Mullally.
Moussi takes the helm as the star of the feature, replacing Van Damme as the Sloane character that he portrayed in the original(1989). It's hard to tell if he is going to become the next big action star, because he barely has any dialogue in this. There is no doubt about his physical abilities, as they do an outstanding job of showcasing his talents as a martial artist. Only time will reveal if this is beginning of something big for him, as this is his first major lead role. Even though Van Damme plays a secondary role, he absolutely stands out as the true star and shows that he can still kick butt at the age of fifty-five. He is in phenomenal physical shape and has several good fight scenes in this. The combination of Van Damme's presence and Moussi's physical abilities is most likely what has led to the announcement of, expected to be released sometime in 2017.
ICO investors in the near future will likely look a lot different from what they are today. This is due to many factors, from secular changes in the industry to the types of projects raising capital, to the types of people who are involved as investors in these projects. Gone are the days of pseudonymous developers raising millions of dollars without a business plan or a whitepaper.
ICOs Are Changing
ICOs have evolved significantly over the last 5 years or so since they started, with Mastercoin being the first major one. Instead of just speculation, there are many dividend paying cryptocurrencies. The tokens also have economic value, beyond just being a mere cryptocurrency. ICOs today are made out of serious ambitious teams with a vision (and yes, a whitepaper at the very least). The valuation and return calculations are different. They also lend themselves better to valuation models, which is liked by more serious investors as they look for returns beyond speculation.
Therefore, the profile of ICO investors is changing. Let's look at the trends, and understand the implications.
Who Invests in ICOs Today?
ICO investors today are usually comprised of early adopters. The cycle usually goes like this: some investors get ‘rich' through one crypto investment, and that money gets recycled into other projects.
We see that play out often. The first big crypto was of course Bitcoin. Some notable names that made it big include the likes of Joseph Lubin, who went on to be a co-founder of Ethereum and the founder of the Ethereum venture studio Consensys.
We see this play out with Ethereum too. The DAO was able to raise over $100 million before its collapse. That money was mostly from the Ethereum investors that got rich from Ethereum. Since ETH has kept its value, more or less, all the new ICOs on Ethereum benefit from these investors wishing to invest in ETH-based tokens. Therefore you see tokens like SingularDTV or FirstBlood on Ethereum sell out in a matter of minutes.
ICO Institutionalization has Begun
One look at the numbers will tell you that ICOs are serious business. In 2016 alone, ICOs raised over $100 million. That's serious money. With these types of investments, institutionalization is only natural. The profile of ICO investors is already shifting from a few big players, or ‘whales' to institutions where regular people pool their money, thus giving the institutions more say in projects. This is an interesting trend, and something that every ICO investor and crypto-enthusiast should anticipate. It is important to understand the motivations and methods of institutions over individuals.
Here are some serious ICO investors today. I am listing the institutions in the space.
Coin Fund: Coin Fund is one of the most respectable institutional players in the ICO and crypto space in general. To provide some very good analysis of new projects for everyone, which lends credibility to their skills. It is an ever-changing field, and Coin Fund's returns are in no way extraordinary so far. However, they manage investor risk especially when new investors are not too familiar with the various intricacies and nuances of crypto projects. Funds like this will likely come up more in the future.
Polychain Capital: Polychain Capital has adopted the more traditional hedge fund model for their fund. It is simply a hedge fund that investors in ICOs and cryptocurrencies. Notably, some of the biggest names in Silicon Valley Venture Capital have invested $10 million into this company. That's serious money. As cryptocurrency grows as an asset class beyond just looking at Bitcoin as an asset class, traditional hedge fund structures will likely attract more money.
ICONOMI: ICONOMI is a recent project, and is itself funded through an earlier ICO, with its token already trading in the markets. ICONOMI has already invested in Golem, one of the recent ICOs. The funds managed by ICONOMI have a few million dollars in commitment. This will impact ICO investors in the future because it will be a big fish that will impact the markets. Keep an eye out.
The trends towards institutionalization are clear. ICO investors are shifting from being early adopter individuals to more savvy individuals. These individuals are relying more on funds and institutions. These funds act as a pool of capital. Therefore, by virtue of their increased size, they will play a bigger role in the future of cryptocurrency investments.
Photo Credit: francistoms
It's been an odd year in MLS circles; somewhat in keeping with the U.S. national team's state of flux, the league appears to be in a moment of turnover. Longstanding powerhouse teams are in transitional mode at best, and their notional replacements still have flaws that are all too readily apparent.
At the best of times, MLS can be difficult to get a consistent read on. Forced parity makes for eyebrow-raising results on nearly every game day -- as in this week's exhibit of LA Galaxy's 6-2 loss to Real Salt Lake -- making for a lot of visual noise when looking at trends. But this year in particular, even the broader orthodoxies of the league appear to be shifting.
Let's start with a narrative that seems to have held true for most of the past decade: The West is strong and the East is weak. There hasn't been a definite switch from that pattern just yet, but looking at the teams that top the Supporters' Shield standings going into the summer: Chicago Fire, Toronto FC and New York City FC are all there on merit, and not just because heavier in-conference play tends to favor the points totals of teams in the weaker conference.
Chicago's import of Dax McCarty, and the monotonous winning habit he and the New York Red Bulls enjoyed, has set the Fire up -- and set the Red Bulls back -- for a strong run at the Shield. Toronto has developed from a Sebastian Giovinco display case to the most balanced, deep roster in the league. And NYCFC looks to have finally mastered the alchemy of MLS league play at home and on the road.
The acquisitions of Dax McCarty and Bastian Schweinsteiger have the Chicago Fire ready for a Supporters' Shield run.
Compare that trio to FC Dallas, Sporting Kansas City and the Portland Timbers in the corresponding places in the West. Dallas remains the underappreciated team of our era, despite last season's U.S. Open Cup silverware. Yet the team remains frustratingly inconsistent at times, prone to the type of youthful lapses of concentration that were forgivable in their emergence as a force, less so as pretenders to dynasty status. Sporting KC has emerged as another tough Peter Vermes team but scores around a third fewer goals than this year's crop of elite rivals; and Portland, with its indifferent goal differential and road form, look to be in an elevated position somewhat by default.
Add in the first impressions of expansion teams in each conference, with Minnesota lowering its benchmark for success to "respectability" while Atlanta has swaggered, and you're left with the East at the very least setting the tone for the 2017 story, even if you're still inclined to doubt the conference is truly setting the pace.
Two significant names are missing from that list of teams that enhances the sense of novelty; after the most recent round of games, the Red Bulls and LA Galaxy find themselves below the red line. The Galaxy's embarrassing capitulation to Salt Lake on Tuesday was a terrible look for a team that had strained to prove it was turning a corner under first-year manager Curt Onalfo. And the Red Bulls recent loss of their 100 percent home record against NYCFC was only the latest setback in this season's post-McCarty deflation.
The Red Bulls look underwhelming by their own standards, but how they spend the McCarty money in this window might yet turn their season around -- as might a run in the U.S. Open Cup. The Galaxy, however, is a more vexing proposition. There's a fair and compelling argument that a policy of promoting their pipeline of young Southern Californian talent was overdue under Bruce Arena, but that's the kind of transition that requires leaps of faith from not only senior management and technical staff but also the fans being asked to be patient during the transition.
Romain Alessandrini's LA Galaxy have struggled to transition after Bruce Arena's departure as coach.
And that's where the Galaxy have stumbled badly, mainly by being the exception to the other discernible league-wide trend of the season so far: home form. Put simply, home advantage has become more pronounced in MLS this year, to the extent that teams like the Houston Dynamo find themselves in the playoff mix despite taking two points from their nine road games, compared to 23 from the corresponding home games. Clubs have averaged just 0.676 points per game on the road this season, compared to 0.879 last year and 0.961 in 2015.
The Galaxy meanwhile, would, in a normal year, look to a league best 5-3-1 road record and expect to be well clear at the top of the standings but for the fact that their StubHub Center home is a pretty ransacked-looking fortress these days. The RSL loss was the fifth home defeat in a season that's seen only one home win and which has stretched fan patience with the new regime to a breaking point. Young players are looking overwhelmed rather than inspired by the opportunity.
It doesn't help that a friendly against Manchester United is up next -- a game that serves both as a reminder of the status LA so recently enjoyed as de facto ambassadors of the league and also a litmus test for fan patience. If Jermaine Jones, for example, proves fit enough to suit up for that, after missing the RSL game, and if Romain Alessandrini makes more than the substitute appearance he did on Tuesday, expect the rumblings from fans about team priorities to get louder. That's not the fault of those players, but the troubled home form the team has shown has cut the margin for indulgence to zero.
That said, the round of Gold Cups, dog days and club friendlies could allow LA and others the chance to regroup away from the spotlight a little, as the league goes through its traditional silly season in preparation for the final stretch. At least one side is likely to peak too early between now and September, before stumbling on the run-in and losing momentum for the playoffs.
At least that will be the case if MLS history tells us anything, though for this year at least, the unexpected story so far suggests history is being rewritten.
Graham Parker writes for ESPN FC, FourFourTwo and Howler. He covers MLS and the U.S. national teams. Follow him on Twitter @grahamparkerfc.
Description: Jihan Wu of Bitmain finds out that everyone is about to know about him using ASICBoost
We were going to build
a large mining facility outside
of Beijing
Now I suggest we build it half the size
that we were planning.
Why would we? Use our equity to take out a loan.
our profit margins are astronomical.
Mein Fuhrer...
Maxwell...
Maxwell has released a BIP to block covert ASICBoost
It's a single line soft-fork
Everyone who actually thinks we were supporting BU please leave
Fuck your mothers if you want to fuck
We were making so much money!
Now we'll have to use it out in the open!
Everyone will know we were lying.
F*ck your mothers
We are going to lose so much of our margin
What are we going to do?
Call it too complicated?
Mein Fuhrer... we could pretend we didn't use it
Only idiots would believe that!!!
Mein Fuhrer... we have a large sockpuppet army
That's not going to stop the other miners
from activating that fork.
I just leveraged so much of our equity
to secure a loan on a yacht.
Now I have to only have one helipad.
The PBOC is going to be so pissed.
I was going to corner the market on Bitcoin mining
now Bitfury will actually be able to compete.
BUers might even realize they're patsies.
I guess that's not likely,
too bad they don't own many Bitcoins.
We need a gullible economic majority.
Maybe we can smear Greg Maxwell
that worked so well for Craig Wright!
We'll release a meandering statement
where we admit everything he accused us of.
But then immediately attack him.
This is going to work out so poorly for us!
It's ok... we'll find another scam.
I'm going to have to sell my Rolls-Royce
and get a Mercedes like a commoner.
It's inevitable.
That fork is coming
Write that statement it will buy us time.
We already paid the sockpuppets through the month
so let's use them too I guess.
The off-guard spot is the weakest position in college basketball this season. For comparison's sake, the No. 20 lead guard in the list we released yesterday was Davidson's Jack Gibbs, who ranked 62nd in our top 100 players list.
For off-guards, only 16 were ranked in our top 100, meaning the final four in this list didn't crack that list. Why is this the case? Is it because the best scoring guards in basketball are trying to mold themselves after the likes of Russell Westbrook, John Wall and Derrick Rose as opposed to, say, Kobe? Is it because the emphasis on court-spacing has turned the off-guard spot into a spot-up shooter's role? Or is this just a random year where the two-guards just aren't all that good?
As interesting as that discussion would be, it's a different conversation for a different day.
Before we dive into the top 20 off-guards in college basketball, a quick disclaimer: We used four positions to rank players – lead guards, off guards, wings and big men. If your favorite player isn't on this list, he's probably slotted in a different position.
Top Backcourts | Top Frontcourts | Top 100 Players
POSITION RANKS: Lead Guards | Off Guards |Wings | Big Men
Subscribe to the CBT Podcast on iTunes, Stitcher or Audioboom
1. Grayson Allen, Duke: Allen is our pick as the Preseason National Player of the Year, so why wouldn't he be ranked as the best player in what will likely end up being the weakest position in the sport this season? I've mentioned this over and over again, but it's impressive enough that it deserves repeating: As a sophomore, Allen became the first high major player to ever average 21.6 points, 4.6 boards and 3.5 assists while notching a 61.6 true shooting percentage.
To get an idea of how dominant those numbers are, think about it like this: Damian Lillard, a No. 6 pick in the NBA Draft and currently a top ten point guard in the NBA, is one of the six players since 1993 to put up those numbers, and Lillard did it while playing at Weber State. Allen did it in the ACC.
2. Malik Monk, Kentucky: Monk will be one of the most entertaining players in the country this season. He's a human-hightlight reel athletically that can go off for 30 points on any given night. The key for him is consistency and efficiency. Can he avoid the 2-for-18 games he was prone to in high school? And will playing on a team that is stocked with talent force him to improve on his shot selection? He's a pretty good shooter when he takes good shots.
3. Marcus Foster, Creighton: Foster is going to be one of the most interesting players to watch this season. As a freshman at Kansas State in 2013-14, Foster averaged 15.5 points for an NCAA tournament team. He looked like he was destined to be a star in the Big 12, but then a falling out with the program led to a transfer which led to last year's redshirt season. Now eligible at Creighton, will he return to the form he is first year in college?
4. Tyler Dorsey, Oregon: Dorsey has all the skills needed to be able to thrive in the Swing Offense that Dana Altman runs. He's a talented scorer and an above-average shooter that excels with the ball in his hands. Joseph Young averaged 20 points as a senior with the Ducks, and it would not be surprising to see Dorsey put up similar numbers as long as Dillon Brooks is out with his foot injury.
5. Donovan Mitchell, Louisville: Based on what Mitchell did last season, this may seem like a bit of a stretch. He averaged just 7.4 points. But considering that Louisville graduated their starting backcourt, and factoring in just how good Mitchell was in flashes down the stretch of the season, it's a decent bet that he will develop into an all-ACC player this year. He's precisely the kind of guard that thrives in Rick Pitino's system.
CONFERENCE PREVIEWS: Big 12 | ACC | Pac-12 | Big Ten
6. Allonzo Trier, Arizona: Trier is the leading returning scorer for Arizona and spent last season as the one guy on the roster that was able to create a shot for himself. That won't be the case this year, not with Rawle Alkins and Kobi Simmons in the mix, but he'll likely still be the best perimeter weapon on an Arizona team that's good enough to compete for a Pac-12 title.
7. E.C. Matthews, Rhode Island: The key with Matthews is going to be his health. He's coming off of a torn ACL that torpedoed the 2015-16 season after just 10 minutes. When he's healthy, he's arguably the best player in the Atlantic 10.
8. James Blackmon, Indiana: Another guy coming off of a knee injury, Blackmon was one of the nation's best freshman shooters, averaging 15.7 points in his first season in Bloomington. Last year, Indiana made their run to a Big Ten title after he hurt his knee and missed the season. Where will he fit in with this year's Hoosier group?
9. Mikal Bridges, Villanova: Bridges is an intriguing prospect because of his length, his athleticism and his versatility defensively. That's precisely the kind of role that he can excel in with the Wildcats. The big question is offensively. What kind of improvement will he make this season?
10. Quinndary Weatherspoon, Mississippi State: Part of the reason that Malik Newman, a top ten recruit in the Class of 2015, decided to transfer out of Mississippi State was that people realized that Quinndary Weatherspoon was actually the better freshman guard on the roster.
CONTENDER SERIES: Duke | Oregon | Kentucky | Kansas | Villanova
11. Luke Kennard, Duke: Kennard gets overlooked because Duke has so much talent on their roster this season, but if he was on any other team in the ACC we'd be talking about him as a guy that could average 15 points and that has the potential to be an all-league player.
12. Peter Jok, Iowa: Jok averaged 16.1 points on a good Iowa team last season. Playing on a rebuilding Iowa team this year, don't be surprised to see him lead the Big Ten in scoring.
13. Antonio Blakeney, LSU: Blakeney is one of the better ball-handlers on this list. He had some impressive moments as a freshman, but with Ben Simmons off to the NBA, Blakeney will be asked to carry a heavier load offensively this year. Will he be able to handle it?
14. Elijah Brown, New Mexico: Brown averaged 22 points and three assists for the Lobos last season. The son of NBA head coach Mike Brown, Elijah will have a chance to better those numbers this season.
15. Nick Emery, BYU: Emery's reputation went national last season when he was caught on camera throwing a punch at Brandon Taylor of in-state rival Utah. Don't let that mask his ability. It wasn't a fluke that Emery, the younger brother of former Cougar Jackson Emery, averaged 16.2 points as a freshman.
RANKINGS: Top Frontcourts | Top Backcourts
16. Marcus Evans, Rice: Evans was a monster for the Owls as a freshman, averaging 21.4 points for a team that finished in the middle of the pack of a mediocre Conference USA. But Evans is better than simply being a high-volume scorer in a bad league.
17. Jabari Bird, Cal: Bird's minutes will open up with Jordan Mathews off to Gonzaga for his senior year. Bird has always had potential for the Bears but he has yet to live up to that potential on the floor.
18. Eron Harris, Michigan State: Someone is going to have to score point for Michigan State this season, and Harris is a fifth-year senior that once averaged 17.8 points for West Virginia. Can he do what Bryn Forbes did last season?
19. Zak Irvin, Michigan: Irvin has had an up-and-down career with the Wolverines, but assuming that he and Derrick Walton both find a way to remain healthy all year long, he should have a big senior season.
20. Kevaughn Allen, Florida: Allen looked awesome at times as a freshman. He also went through stretches were he looked like, well, a freshman. He's a big-time athlete and an explosive scorer that should thrive in Mike White's uptempo system.
ALSO CONSIDERED
Charles Cooke, Dayton
George King, Colorado
Jordan Mathews, Gonzaga
Rodney Purvis, UConn
Jerome Robinson, Boston College
Matt Thomas, Iowa State
On This Day
Thursday 23rd December 1915
103 years ago
The White Motor Company was incorporated in Ohio, US. The automobile and truck manufacturer, in existence to 1981, also produced bicycles, roller skates, automatic lathes, Steam cars, tractors and sewing machines. A 1907 White steamer was one of the early vehicles in the White House when Theodore Roosevelt, the 26th President of the United States, allowed the Secret Service to use the car behind his horse-drawn carriage. In 1909, president William Howard Taft converted the White House stables into a garage and purchased four automobiles: two Pierce-Arrows, a Baker Electric, and a 1911 White. This $4,000 car was one of the last steam cars produced and proved a favourite of the President who used bursts of steam against "pesky" press photographers. White Motor Company ended car production after World War I and began producing trucks. The company soon sold 10 percent of all trucks made in the US. They built the Freightliner until the mid-70's, Western Star semis up to about 1980, Autocar until 1980 (many garbage trucks and other extremely heavy ones), and the Road Commander heavy duty cab-overs among others.
How do Texans love Whataburger? Let us count the ways. There's the #2 (double meat Whataburger), #5 (bacon and cheese Whataburger), #10 (Whatachick'n Sandwich), the #25 (Honey Butter Chicken Biscuit) . . . the list goes on. And if celebrating your love of Whataburger in verse is something you enjoy—and why wouldn't it be?—you can now be rewarded by the restaurant chain for your words.
This week, Whataburger announced the #BurgerVerseContest. It is basically exactly what you think it is—and if you think that Whataburger and poetry don't go together, consider this viral slam poem tribute out of Houston from a couple years ago. To celebrate National Burger Month, from May 3 to May 24, aspiring poets can tag Whataburger on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter with short poems (remember, poetry is compression) up to 70 words that convey their enthusiasm. In return, aspiring bards have the chance to win free Whataburger for a year and a $500 Ticketmaster gift card.
Poetry is an open-ended form of self-expression without much in the way of formal rules—the work of e.e. cummings and Shel Silverstein have little resemblance to one another—but if you want free burgers, there shall be restrictions on your verse. Specifically, you have to “mention Whataburger or a Whataburger menu item,” avoid profanity, and leave other companies out of it. (On the official rules page, the company goes into greater detail—if your poem references dangerous stunts, you're paying for your own burgers!) Whataburger's team will pick their three favorites every week, then turn it over to the audience to vote on social media.
When it comes to the prizes, the winning poets will each receive a coupon book good for 52 single-meat Whataburger sandwiches. (Bacon, cheese, avocado, and other add-ons not included, alas.) If you're looking for some inspiration to get you started, you can use “top the stuff that Texas Monthly writers posted in a Slack chat” as a launching point:
“The Orange ‘W'”
so much depends on
upon
a single-patty
burger
slathered with A.1.
sauce
beneath the orange
‘W.'
“This Is Just To Say”
I have eaten
the Whataburgers
that were in
the Whataburger place
and which
you were probably
saving
for lunch
Forgive me
they were delicious
so good
and so hot
“Impromptu Haiku Plea For Cheese”
Won't you give us cheese
If we write you a poem?
We'll scrounge for fries.
Surely you can do better than this—hashtag 'em with #BurgerVerseContest and you can show them what you've got.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Daniel Sturridge has returned to training with Liverpool , as he closes in on his latest return from injury.
The Reds striker took part in a full session at Melwood on Wednesday afternoon, coming through unscathed.
Sturridge has not featured in Liverpool's first team since a substitute appearance against Newcastle on December 6, with manager Jurgen Klopp insistent that the frontman would not be considered for selection until he has completed several full sessions with the first team.
Today's session, which included all the available players who did not start Tuesday night's defeat at Leicester, is the first step on that journey. Those who did play at the King Power Stadium took part in a standard 'recovery' session.
Sturridge will, as ever, be carefully assessed by Anfield medical staff to ensure there is no adverse reaction. He is highly unlikely to be considered for Saturday's game with Sunderland, or even next Tuesday's FA Cup replay at West Ham.
The news, though, will come as a boost to Klopp as he looks to get a number of first-team regulars back into action, and add some consistency to his side's performances.
Philippe Coutinho and Divock Origi are expected to resume full training on Thursday, while Martin Skrtel should be back working with the team early next week.
Klopp will doubtless be keen to have all available for the Capital One Cup final against Manchester City at Wembley later this month. Liverpool also have important Premier League fixtures, as well as FA Cup and Europa League ties, to concern themselves with.
In the wake of a tumultuous couple of weeks for Pac-12 officials, the league's coordinator of football officiating has resigned.
The Pac-12 announced Tony Corrente's resignation in a release Wednesday night, citing personal and professional reasons.
"Under Tony's leadership, our program made great strides in improving the quality, accountability and consistency," Commissioner Larry Scott said in a statement. "While it's unfortunate that Tony has decided to leave us at this time, I want to express my appreciation for his contribution, and for leaving our officiating program strong and headed in the right direction."
Pac-12 officials have come under fire the last couple of weeks following a series of high-profile, questionable calls and non-calls in several games. It spilled over last Saturday in Colorado when coach Mike MacIntyre was seen screaming at officials and following them off the field following the Buffs 36-31 loss to Oregon State. The tirade earned MacIntyre a $10,000 fine and a reprimand from the league earlier this week.
Jim Blackwood, who has more than 20 years as a college conference coordinator and 10 years as an NFL replay official, will serve as interim coordinator for the remainder of the season. The league will conduct a search for a permanent replacement after the season.
Efficient command line navigation with directory stacks
Jacob Clark Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 16, 2015
Moving directories is easy, on any command line flavour, it's hardly the most complex command. The real trick is remembering where that all important directory is you need to get back to when you've moved up, down and sideways in your file system!
Have no fear, pushd and popd are here! Yep, command line directory systems have stacks too (obviously).
If you're not familiar with what a stack is, or how it works, it's simply a data structure, like a stack of plates. You place a plate on top of the stack, you take the plate off the stack, you can get to the next plate, so and and so forth. It's a data structure seen time and time again throughout computer science, you can read more about it on Wikipedia.
If your system supports directory stacks, each directory you switch to will be pushed onto the stack. This means if you want to quickly return back to your previous directory, you can pop it back off the stack! These stacks can go on and on, they're not limited to just a single directory change either!
This post is a republication of https://blog.jacob.uk.com/efficient-command-line-navigation-with-directory-stacks/ from my blog https://blog.jacob.uk.com.
Let's start off in our home directory:
$ cd ~/
Let's change directories into ‘etc/apache2', because I need to change a few config options in Apache:
$ cd /etc/apache2
Okay, so in theory, we should have two directories now in our stack (providing you're in a new shell session and you haven't done any previous navigation around your file system), we can run the ‘dirs' command to see what's currently in our stack:
$ dirs
/etc/apache2 ~
Okay brilliant, we can see both ‘/etc/apache2' and ‘~' are in our stack! The directory stack is a last in first out stack, meaning anything you place on the stack will come off in exactly that order, like a stack of plates.
If we run popd at this point, it'll take us back to our home directory:
$ popd
~
You can do even more complex navigation and move forwards/backwards where necessary, meaning you don't need to keep moving up through your command history to find the right directory ever again (or keep those little pockets of brain energy remembering where that darn log file is)!
pushd accepts directories as parameters too, it'll take parameters and switch your current directory whilst pushing it onto the stack, useful if you're working with shell scripts:
$ pushd /etc/apache2/sites_avaiable
/etc/apache2/sites_avaiable ~
$ cd ~/Desktop
$ popd
/etc/apache2/sites_avaiable ~
$ pwd
/etc/apache2/sites_avaiable
$ popd
~
$ pwd
/Users/jacobclark
$ popd
popd: directory stack empty
Visit my website, follow me on Twitter, GitHub or view my professional background on LinkedIn.
Delgamuukw. Sixties Scoop. Bill C-31. Blood quantum. Appropriation. Two-Spirit. Tsilhqot'in. Status. TRC. RCAP. FNPOA. Pass and permit. Numbered Treaties. Terra nullius. The Great Peace… Are you familiar with the terms listed above? In Indigenous Writes, Chelsea Vowel, legal scholar, teacher, and intellectual, opens an important dialogue about these (and more) concepts and the wider social beliefs associated with the relationship between Indigenous peoples and Canada. In 31 essays, Chelsea explores the Indigenous experience from the time of contact to the present, through five categories – Terminology of Relationships; Culture and Identity; Myth-Busting; State Violence; and Land, Learning, Law, and Treaties. She answers the questions that many people have on these topics to spark further conversations at home, in the classroom, and in the larger community. Indigenous Writes is one title in The Debwe Series.
Chelsea Vowel presents a counternarrative to the foundational, historical, and living myths most Canadians grew up believing. She punctures the bloated tropes that have frozen Indigenous peoples in time, often to the vanishing point. Reading Indigenous Writes, you feel that you are having a conversation over coffee with a super-smart friend, someone who refuses to simplify, who chooses to amplify, who is unafraid to kick against the darkness. Branding Indigenous Writes as required reading would make it sound like literary All-Bran. It is not, and far from it. What this book really is, is medicine.
—Shelagh Rogers, O.C., Broadcast Journalist, TRC Honorary Witness Indigenous Writes is a timely book…and contains enough critical information to challenge harmful assumptions and facilitate understanding. This is a book for everyone—but particularly for non-Indigenous people wishing to better understand their own place in the history of violence against Indigenous peoples, and to find ways to move toward true solutions and right relationships.
—Montreal Review of Books
A National Bestselling Title Winner of the Manuela Dias Book Design and Illustration Award, Design Category ERAC Evaluated and Approved Shortlisted for the Mavis Gallant Prize for Non-fiction Shortlisted for the Concordia University First Book Prize
Hugh Jackman has been playing Wolverine for 17 years, but here's a side of him we've never seen before. In a new Instagram video, the actor shared a clip from a post-production recording session for Logan that required him to recreate sounds from one of Wolverine's fight sequences, and it's… well, take a look for yourselves:
Hi. @wponx @20thcenturyfox A photo posted by @thehughjackman on Mar 7, 2017 at 5:38am PST
It's kind of hilarious, but also terrifying at the same time (hilarifying?). Either way, it's remarkably intense. I love how you can see the rage in Jackman's eyes when he's snarling his way through the clip, but the second it's over, he just switches it off and meekly says “Hi” like he's an entirely different person. That's some real acting, my friends.
Read More 5 questions I have after watching Logan
ADR (automated dialogue replacement) isn't a part of the filmmaking process we often get to see, so it's always cool when someone pulls back the curtain a bit and gives us a glimpse of what it's like. I imagine it would be incredibly difficult for actors to get back to the same mental state they were in on the set months before, but a veteran like Jackman has done these tons of times at this point and it looks like he's comfortable with the process, disappearing into the character one final time.
Directed by James Mangold and starring Hugh Jackman, Dafne Keen, and Patrick Stewart, Logan is in theaters now.
Image: Instagram
Brown Meret
Pattern | Meret (Mystery Beret) by Woolly Wormhead
Yarn | Noro Kureyon in 149 and 242
Needles | 5 mm circulars
Finally, a knit for myself! With the awful weather and my last hat being a lousy fit (it's more suitable for Eva than for me), I decided to start work immediately on a beret with some Noro yarn I bought last year when I wanted to knit a hat for my mum. Beanies don't really look great on me with my round face so I thought why not a beret. After scouting around, I decided to stick to a pattern that I was familiar with. (Perhaps I should be more adventurous and try something different next time!)
Unlike the one I made for my mum which had four repeats, I made this extra extra slouchy by adding another repeat giving it a total of five repeats. I also blocked it over the largest plate I could find here at my father-in-law's place – that really help bring out the shape. In terms of the dramatic striping that you need here, well, that's because I split the two separate balls into half – meaning I knitted the brim in one colour (149) and then the other colour (242) and then 149 again before ending with 242.
I should take an action shot – perhaps tomorrow when the weather is better and we're out AND I'm done weaving the ends. Hahaha.
AT&T has revealed today that it plans to carry Nokia's latest flagship Lumia 920 Windows Phone 8 handset as well as the mid-range Lumia 820. The additions, alongside HTC's Windows Phone 8X, mean the nation's second biggest carrier will offer both of the high profile Windows Phone 8 handsets this holiday season.
The Nokia Lumia 920 will be available on AT&T exclusively according to the carrier, with Red, Black and White colors, and through online orders in Yellow and Cyan. The confirmation of a Cyan color follows hints from Nokia that it would offer the iconic color. Nokia's Lumia 820 will be available in black only, but AT&T will stock additional colored shells. There's no word on pricing or exact availability for both models, but AT&T says they'll be available in November.
WATCH: Katie Couric Responds to Invasive Trans Questions
After questioning trans women Carmen Carrera and Laverne Cox about their genitals on her talk show last week, Katie Couric said she wanted to air the 'teachable moment.'
After Katie host and former Today show anchor Katie Couric hosted Carmen Carrera and Laverne Cox on her talk show last week, many trans folks and their allies objected to a spurious line of questioning wherein the host seemed fixated on the trans women's genitalia, and the details of what gender-confirming surgeries the women may have undergone.
Both Carrera, a model best known for her appearance on RuPaul's Drag Race, and Cox, a star of Netflix's breakout hit Orange Is The New Black, responded to Couric's questions with grace and poise, redirecting the conversation to point out how the singular focus on trans people's bodies reduces an entire segment of the population to a festishistic obsession with "private parts," as Couric phrased it on the Monday's show.
Reaction online was swift and often harsh, with writers — including The Advocate's trans issues correspondent, Parker Marie Molloy — taking Couric to task for her uneducated and invasive questions.
On Friday, Couric responded to that outrage, saying that while she realized the questions may have felt inappropriate, she felt it was important to make sure the "teachable moment" made it to broadcast.
"When I asked [Carrera] about any anatomical changes that had taken place during her transition, she balked, and so did some of you," said Couric in this week's "Follow-Up Friday" segment. "Now, even if some thought my question was off base, I wanted to make sure my question — and Carmen's answer —stayed in the show as a teachable moment for me, as well as our viewers. I'm really proud we were able to spotlight such an open and honest conversation with Carmen and Laverne Cox, who are both terrific, about the myriad of struggles that this often maligned, marginalized and misunderstood community faces."
Watch Couric's response below:
Some of the nation's religious and socially conservative leaders are gathering in Washington this weekend for the Values Voter Summit, which includes a panel discussion on “The Future of Marriage.” This is the first time the group has met since the U.S. Supreme Court overturned a key provision in the federal Defense of Marriage Act that prevented legally wed same-sex couples from receiving all the federal benefits currently available to married couples of the opposite sex.
Support for same-sex marriage has been growing in recent years, with half (50%) of Americans now in favor and 43% opposed. While support is considerably lower among those who identify as white evangelical Protestant, Republican or politically conservative, support for same-sex marriage has risen even among these groups over the past decade, according to aggregated Pew Research data.
Today, roughly three-in-ten Republicans (29%) and political conservatives (30%) say they support same-sex marriage, compared with 12 years ago, when 21% of Republicans and 18% of conservatives expressed this view. About a quarter (23%) of white evangelical Protestants now say they favor same-sex marriage, compared with 13% in 2001.
Some of this shift in opinion is attributable to members of the Millennial generation (those born since 1980), who express higher levels of support for same-sex marriage than older age groups.
For example, data from Pew Research surveys from March and May 2013 show that adults under age 30 who say they are Republican or lean Republican are much more supportive of same-sex marriage (54%) than Republicans 65 and older (18%). At the same time, younger Republicans are much less supportive of same-sex marriage than those in the 18-29 age bracket who are Democrats or lean Democratic (54% vs. 76%).
Topics: Gay Marriage and Homosexuality, Religion and Society
An Ulster Unionist MLA who joined the party after quitting the DUP after claiming she had been bullied has issued an extraordinary appeal to the “good, honest people” in her old party to break ranks over the RHI scandal.
UUP MLA Jenny Palmer, who in 2015 said she had been ordered by a DUP special adviser to change the way she intended to vote at a Housing Executive Board meeting, penned an open letter to DUP members appealing for them to “go against the juggernaut of the party apparatus” and speak up about the RHI scandal.
Mrs Palmer's letter is as follows: “Friends,
“I do mean that, friends. You will know that I hold some of you very close to my heart, despite everything that has gone on in the past. I know that there are people in the party who are good, honest people. I am making this appeal to you.
“Ask yourself, and answer honestly, how many times have you been told that someone will vote for you in spite of your political party? How many times have you had an awkward conversation with a voter or constituent, who said ‘I know you, I like you. I don't like the DUP'.
“I know, because I used to get the same. I used to get people telling me that while they valued the contribution I made to public life, they were horrified by the behaviour of the upper echelons of the DUP.
“Ask yourself another question; how many more scandals? You are a good person, and I know it, but as the famous quote says, ‘all it takes for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing'.
“I know that many of you are uneasy sharing power with Sinn Fein, but that is part and parcel of how government must be done here in reality. But the scandals aren't.
“You don't have to put up with what lurks in the dark core of the DUP. You don't have to pretend not to notice the Red Sky scandal, the SIF mismanagement or the RHI debacle. You don't have to be placated with the lukewarm (or even hostile!) responses from SPADs when you dare to question the leadership in private.
“More importantly, you have a responsibility. If you stay silent, you give your implicit consent for the people responsible to get away this this. You alone at this moment have the power to say to those people ‘no'. The voters will have their chance in a few years, if not sooner, but at this moment in time, almost no pressure from opposition or the media will have the same impact as you standing up and saying to the party ‘no more'.
“I know, because I did it. I know what power even a councillor can have by just publicly saying ‘this is wrong'.
“I understand your reluctance. I know how terrifying it is to go against the juggernaut of the party apparatus. That is deep, sleep-preventing fear of ‘what if I do it'. That fear that you'll lose friends, you'll lose income, you might even lose your career. I know, because I went through it.
“I won't lie to you, it might happen. I lost friends. I lost income. It didn't end my career, because I have the backing of the voters and my new party, but there were no guarantees. But I had to do it, even if my crusade was a lonely one. It was the right thing to do then, and you know that it is the right thing to do now.
“More importantly, if even a few of you speak up, the secret will be out. It will be revealed that the Emperor (or empress, as the case may be) has no clothes. The party has you wrapped in a fear that only you feel this way, that this only worries you. That is a lie, and if you speak to your colleagues, you'll find that to be true. Only you have the power to shine a light on the dark corners of the DUP.
“And, goodness forbid, if you do find yourself punished for your honesty, you won't be alone. You might find you have friends in surprising places. I know that I did.
“I want to close with a few words the late Dr Paisley shared with me when I was going through my own purgatory.
“He said, ‘keep the faith Jenny'.
“If you know that what is happening is wrong, speak up. If they dare to try to attack you for speaking the truth, I believe that you will be rewarded as I have been.
“With love,
“Jenny.”
The challenges to release a Legendary Pokémon have been met. Every type of bonus was unlocked and taken up to gold. So all bonuses will be extended. Meanwhile, worldwide trainers have been catching Pokémon and reached gold also. This means that all the requirements were met! The mystery challenge will unlock the Legendary Pokémon Lugia, which will be released worldwide in raid battles within the next 48 hours. And trainers who successfully checked into the Fest will automatically receive Lugia in their account.
This likely also means that the Festival is now over. There was going to be a raid at 6 p.m. Central featuring the released Legendary, so trainers could try to defeat and then catch it. But now everyone is getting Lugia, so it looks like the rest of the raid isn't happening. The live stream has also ended, so it's safe to assume the Festival is over.
Lugia is not the only Legendary announced.
Team Mystic came in first place with the challenges (and Valor was second and Instinct was third.) This means that after Lugia, Articuno will be the next Legendary to appear. We have no information yet on when Articuno will appear, but we will update this post as soon as we know.
It looks like Niantic helped trainers along a little. Despite all the problems plaguing Pokémon Go Fest, some alert players noticed that it looked like Niantic was manually lowering the challenge limits so that players could meet the threshold needed to release a Legendary. Niantic hasn't officially confirmed this, but trainers are thankful for the help if true.
CONFIRMED: Niantic is manually lowering challenge limits to meet the threshold! pic.twitter.com/bbHGIhcZ6V — Pokémon GO Hub (@PokemonGOHubNet) July 22, 2017
With all the connection issues and crashes plaguing the festival, it seemed like it was going to be impossible to meet the challenges' original requirements. And Niantic was very aware of this problem. They've been working all day to fix iPhone bug crashes and authentication errors, and they haven't been able to find a lasting solution.
Hosts have been booed when they've taken the stage, had water bottles thrown at them, and all sorts of unpleasant experiences. Denying a Legendary because a challenge couldn't be met, when the reason was because of problems Niantic was having, would definitely have been a huge issue.
So it looks like Niantic decided to avoid this. And now they're giving everyone who participated a free Legendary, which will definitely make up for all those problems and headaches. If you want to make sure you get your Legendary and your refund and PokeCoins (if you attended the festival), make sure your QR code is scanned. This is apparently how Niantic connects your account with your attendance. They're enabling PokeStops within a two-mile radius of the Festival to scan QR codes until Monday morning.
"Before I came into office I was very clear that in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 we did some things that were wrong. We did a whole lot of things that were right, but we tortured some folks. We did some things that were contrary to our values. I understand why it happened. I think it's important when we look back to recall how afraid of people were after the Twin Towers fell and the Pentagon had been hit and the plane in Pennsylvania had fallen, and people did not know whether more attacks were imminent, and there was enormous pressure on our law enforcement and our national security teams to try to deal with this. And it's important for us not to feel too sanctimonious in retrospect about the tough job that those folks had. And a lot of those folks were working hard under enormous pressure and are real patriots."
There are many basic, and dubious, assumptions in that statement, but the most disturbing one is that the CIA tortured people because they felt "enormous pressure" from the American people to address their fear after 9/11. That job, in the face of considerable hysteria, was so tough, Obama claims, the CIA started torturing people. And in spite of this, a lot of "those folks" are "real patriots" he asserts.
And, as I pointed out yesterday, the notion that the CIA torture regime was just an understandable overreaction to people's heightened level of fear after 9/11, is dead wrong. The truth is that George W. Bush exploited fear to justify torturing people—not to protect Americans, but to provide a "smoking gun" connection between al-Qaeda and Saddam Hussein. The result of that, torture-obtained false confessions, helped Bush continue to terrorize Americans into supporting his insane invasion of Iraq.
That fact, which to this day should outrage all Americans, is passed over by Obama as if it was a bit of teenage acting out, which happened so long ago it is no longer relevant. Obama's discussion about the USA intentionally employing torture as an instrument of government policy was made almost without any emotional flavor to his remarks. Obama did not sound outraged, nor disturbed, nor saddened, and certainly he did not sound surprised, because of course, the fact that the CIA kidnapped and tortured people for much of George W. Bush's presidency is not news to most people.
In fact, one of the first things Barack Obama did as President, which convinced many of us early on Obama's campaign rhetoric about being different than Bush was a pack of lies, was to have his newly-appointed Attorney General, Eric Holder use the Bush-era "state secrets" argument in an Appeals Court case to stop five victims of the CIA's rendition and torture regime from suing the government.
New York Times explained its editorial on February 11, 2009 (entitled, "Continuity of the Wrong Kind"): As theexplained its editorial on February 11, 2009 (entitled,):
"The Obama administration failed miserably—the first test of its commitment to ditching the extravagant legal claims used by the Bush administration to try to impose blanket secrecy on anti-terrorism policies and avoid accountability for serial abuses of the law.The case before them involves serious allegations of torture by five victims of President Bush's extraordinary rendition program. The five were seized and transported to American facilities abroad or to countries known for torturing prisoners. Incredibly, the federal lawyer advanced the same expansive state-secrets argument that was pressed by Mr. Bush's lawyers to get a trial court to dismiss the case without any evidence being presented. It was as if last month's inauguration had never occurred. Voters have good reason to feel betrayed if they took Mr. Obama seriously on the campaign trail when he criticized the Bush administration's tactic of stretching the state-secrets privilege to get lawsuits tossed out of court."
And that makes this statement, uttered in yesterday's presser by Obama, one of the most cynical things he has ever said:
“The character of our country has to be measured in part not by what we do when things are easy, but what we do when things are hard.”
"Dark and difficult times lie ahead. Soon, we must all face the choice between what is right, and what is easy.”
In one of Barack Obama's most amazing, yesterday the President, who at one point unsuccessfully begged the reporters to stop pelting him with topical questions and instead ask him about his birthday, said that complaining about the CIA torturing people was “sanctimonious”, and that given the level of fear people had after 9/11, it was understandable the USA had employed extreme measures to keep people safe:In other words, Obama immediately sought to cover up all the worst aspects of the Bush military and intelligence record. In accord with Obama's notion of compromise, to forgive and (essentially) forget CIA rendition and torture programs was the right thing to do—and to think otherwise, Obama would repeatedly insist, is a failure of "maturity".Or, as Dumbledore said it inThe thing is, what would have been the hard thing, but the right thing, in 2009, and in 2014 too, for Barack Obama to have done, would have been to look Americans in the eye—which Obama simply cannot do—and admit that the war crimes committed by the US government in fighting the horrible wars on "terror", had to be properly investigated, and the perpetrators of those war crimes had to be held accountable.But, unless you're some dumb hick, talked into posing for fun shots at Abu Ghraib torture den, you won't be bothered with any pesky prosecutions while being held accountable.Obama closed the door on going after the CIA crimes years ago, because, he said, it would be bad for CIA morale.And, as I pointed out, the notion that the CIA torture regime was just an understandable overreaction to people's heightened level of fear after 9/11, is dead wrong. The truth is that George W. Bush exploited fear to justify torturing people—to protect Americans, but to provide a "smoking gun" connection between al-Qaeda and Saddam Hussein. The result of that, torture-obtained false confessions, helped Bush continue to terrorize Americans into supporting his insane invasion of Iraq.The question is whether a nation that fails to hold people accountable, when they directly attack what Obama insisted are "our values”, i.e. the values that hold state-authorized torture to be the heinous act of a terror state, can still rightly claim to hold those values.Based on what Obama said yesterday, on the CIA torture question, on Obama's enthusiastic support of John O. Brennan's leadership of CIA attacks on the United States Senate, and based as well on Obama's view that it is Hamas, and not Israel, which is responsible for hundreds of dead Palestinians in Gaza, the answer to that question is an irrefutable “no”.Barack Obama has always praised compromise as the instrument of mature governance. However, not every issue compromised is actually an expression of a person's or a nation's maturity. Many times in Barack Obama's governance, it has been a direct measure of his political cowardice, and his willingness, indeed his anxiousness, to do the easy thing instead of the right thing.When George W. Bush decided to compromise on the nation's traditional values, rejecting the civilized understanding (and long-standing international agreement) that torturing people was wrong, because Bush was anxious to use any means to find a justification to invade Iraq—that was bad enough.But, when Barack Obama, who had come into office promising to change the morally corrupt operation of government perpetrated by George W. Bush, instead did everything in his power to protect the intelligence community, and particularly its torturers, from being held accountable, he revealed that the nation's most essential values of justice and human rights were also features of a civilized society that Obama would readily compromise.Obama's brand of “mature” governing is an insult to Americans—who need an uncompromising leader to stand up to the heinous forces of unrestrained wealth and power—and it is a direct threat to the integrity and the liberty of the American people.
21 Flares Twitter 0 Facebook 0 Google+ 0 StumbleUpon 0 Reddit 21 Filament.io 21 Flares ×
Don't know about you, but after having watched countless videos and images from NASA on Mars exploration and then seeing Ridley Scott's The Martian starring Matt Damon, I've developed a bit more thirst to see more! Here are some old and new, popular Mars movies to help satisfy you!
John Carter
When Civil War veteran John Carter (Taylor Kitsch) mysteriously awakes on the surface of Mars — also called Barsoom — he little expects the adventure that awaits him. Carter reluctantly becomes embroiled in an epic conflict among the red planet's inhabitants, including Tars Tarkas (Willem Dafoe) and Princess Dejah Thoris (Lynn Collins). As Barsoom is poised on the brink of collapse, war-weary Carter rediscovers his humanity when he realizes that everyone's fate is in his hands.
Mars Needs Moms
Milo is a 9-year-old boy who has a lot on his mind; he has monster movies to watch, comic books to read and all other kinds of fun stuff to accomplish. He definitely does not have time to do homework or eat his vegetables. He's getting tired of his mom nagging him to do these things, and his mom is tired of nagging. But just as Milo is telling his mom that life would be more fun without her, Martians kidnap her. Milo stows away on their spaceship, determined to launch a rescue.
Total Recall
Douglas Quaid (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is a bored construction worker in the year 2084 who dreams of visiting the colonized Mars. He visits “Rekall,” a company that plants false memories into people's brains, in order to experience the thrill of Mars without having to travel there. But something goes wrong during the procedure; Quaid discovers that his entire life is actually a false memory and that the people who implanted it in his head now want him dead.
Red Planet
Mission Commander Kate Bowman is the pilot and commander of the most important mission of the 21st century: saving the human race. It's 2050, earth is dying, and colonizing Mars is the only alternative to obliteration. Bowman and her crew have made this journey to investigate what went wrong with the malfunctioning Mars Terraforming Project, and to repair it. But what happens when they get there is far more terrifying than anyone could have guessed.
John Carpenter's Ghosts Of Mars
Long inhabited by human settlers, the Red Planet has become the manifest destiny of an over-populated Earth. Nearly 640,000 people now live and work all over Mars, mining the planet for its abundant natural resources. But one of those mining operations has uncovered a deadly mother lode: a long-dormant Martian civilization whose warriors are systematically taking over the bodies of human intruders.
Mission To Mars
The first manned mission to Mars in 2020 ends in disaster when three of the crew are seemingly killed and the fourth, Luke Graham (Don Cheadle), is stranded with no way to contact Earth. Jim McConnell (Gary Sinise), Woody Blake (Tim Robbins), Phil Ohlmyer (Jerry O'Connell) and Terri Fisher (Connie Nielsen) are sent on a rescue mission to rescue any survivors and find out what happened. The team uncovers startling evidence that Mars may not be a dead planet after all.
The Angry Red Planet
Chief Warrant Officer Sam Jacobs (Jack Kruschen), Dr. Iris Ryan (Nora Hayden), Professor Theodore Gettell (Les Tremayne) and Col. Tom O'Bannion (Gerald Mohr) are astronauts aboard the spaceship MR-1, the first mission to Mars. Shortly after their rocket reaches the mysterious red planet, the band of brave space explorers discovers monstrous yet highly intelligent alien life forms, which first attack, then deliver a haunting word of warning intended for all mankind.
Mars Attacks!
A fleet of Martian spacecraft surrounds the world's major cities and all of humanity waits to see if the extraterrestrial visitors have, as they claim, “come in peace.” U.S. President James Dale (Jack Nicholson) receives assurance from science professor Donald Kessler (Pierce Brosnan) that the Martians' mission is a friendly one. But when a peaceful exchange ends in the total annihilation of the U.S. Congress, military men call for a full-scale nuclear retaliation.
Martian Child
Wanting to experience fatherhood, a man (John Cusack) adopts a youngster (Bobby Coleman) who has an unusual crisis of identity, believing he is from Mars, and trouble arises when the man, who devotes himself to his strange son, begins to believe that the boy is indeed an alien.
The Last Days on Mars
Astronauts (Liev Schreiber, Elias Koteas, Romola Garai) on Mars contend with a microbe that turns those it infects into zombielike killers.
Doom
A team of space marines known as the Rapid Response Tactical Squad, led by Sarge (The Rock), is sent to a science facility on Mars after somebody reports a security breach. There, they learn that the alert came after a test subject, a mass murderer purposefully injected with alien DNA, broke free and began killing people. Dr. Grimm (Rosamund Pike), who is related to team member Reaper (Karl Urban), informs them all that the chromosome can mutate humans into monsters — and is highly infectious.
My Favorite Martian
Ambitious television reporter Tim O'Hara (Jeff Daniels) stumbles upon a martian (Christopher Lloyd) whose spaceship has accidentally crashed on Earth. Thinking this is his ticket to a Pulitzer Prize, Tim makes plans to expose the martian, who, posing as Tim's Uncle Martin, takes human form and has plans of his own. In fact, all of Tim's efforts to divulge the truth are systematically thwarted by the resourceful alien, who ultimately recruits Tim to help him repair his ship for a return to Mars.
Invaders From Mars (1986)
A boy (Hunter Carson) sees his parents and neighbors act like zombies after a flying saucer lands in his back yard.
Capricorn One
Three astronauts (James Brolin, Sam Waterston, O.J. Simpson) are about to launch into space on the first mission to Mars. But when a mechanical failure surfaces that would kill the three men, NASA removes them from the Capricorn One capsule. To prevent a public outcry, NASA launches the capsule unmanned and requires the astronauts to film fake mission footage in a studio. However, the plan is compromised when an ambitious journalist (Elliott Gould) discovers the conspiracy.
Stranded
After a group of astronauts from various countries is forced to land on Mars, they soon realize that they have a very limited supply of food, water and air. Making matters worse is their distance from Earth, which is months away. As the crew ponders their grave situation, some, including Luca Baglioni (Vincent Gallo) and Jenny Johnson (Maria de Medeiros), grapple with their mortality, while others, such as Capt. Susana Sánchez (María Lidón), make a last-ditch effort to save the crew.
Roving Mars
Earthbound NASA scientists explore the surface of Mars via the transmissions of two robotic rovers named Spirit and Opportunity.
Red Planet Mars
Husband-and-wife scientists (Peter Graves, Andrea King) pick up a pie-in-the-sky TV message supposedly from Mars.
Race to Mars
In 2030 an international team of astronauts embarks on a mission to Mars.
The Martian Chronicles
Humans attempt to colonize Mars in this TV mini series
War of the Worlds
Dockworker Ray Ferrier (Tom Cruise) struggles to build a positive relationship with his two children, Rachel (Dakota Fanning) and Robbie (Justin Chatwin). When his ex-wife, Mary Ann (Miranda Otto), drops them off at Ferrier's house, it seems as though it will be just another tension-filled weekend. However, when electromagnetic pulses of lightning strike the area, the strange event turns out to be the beginning of an alien invasion, and Ferrier must now protect his children as they seek refuge.
The Day Mars Invaded Earth
A Cape Canaveral scientist (Kent Taylor) finds martians reducing people to ashes and taking their places.
Princess of Mars
John Carter (Antonio Sabato Jr.) is on a tour of duty in Afghanistan as a sniper when he's wounded by enemy fire. He agrees to take part in an experimental teleportation procedure that could help his injuries. When he wakes up, he discovers he's been transported to an alien planet. As John explores his surroundings, he's captured by a group of aliens. He earns their respect when he helps them save the princess, Dejah Thoris (Traci Lords), and later battles an ambitious soldier (Matt Lasky).
Queen Of Blood
Astronauts (John Saxon, Basil Rathbone, Judi Meredith) go to Mars and return with a green vampire woman.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars
An astronaut (Paul Mantee) lands on the red planet, loses a partner (Adam West) and makes an escaped slave (Vic Lundin) his man Friday.
Rocketman
A clumsy, impulsive scientist (Harland Williams) is chosen to go aboard NASA's first manned flight to Mars.
Santa Claus Conquers the Martians
Martian ruler Kimar (Leonard Hicks) is upset that the children of Mars are lazy and under the influence of too much pop culture from Earth. They are obsessed with the planet's television programs and don't want to do much of anything. In an attempt to get the kids peppy again, Kimar orders the kidnapping of Santa Claus (John Call), hoping that the jolly old toymaker will know how to cheer the children up again. But two Earth children are also nabbed, and this complicates things for Kimar.
Empire Of Danger
A newly designed spacecraft capable of going through time is sent to Mars to rescue a crew previously lost on Mars. The ship is sent through the past but to the wrong time, years later than the first crew.
Species II
Having just returned from a mission to Mars, Commander Ross (Justin Lazard) isn't exactly himself. He's slowly becoming a terrifying alien entity with one goal — to procreate with human women! When countless women suffer gruesome deaths after bearing half-alien offspring, scientist Laura Baker (Marg Helgenberger) and hired assassin Press Lennox (Michael Madsen) use Eve (Natasha Henstridge), a more tempered alien clone, to find Ross and his brood. Before long Eve escapes to mate with Ross.
The Martian
When astronauts blast off from the planet Mars, they leave behind Mark Watney (Matt Damon), presumed dead after a fierce storm. With only a meager amount of supplies, the stranded visitor must utilize his wits and spirit to find a way to survive on the hostile planet. Meanwhile, back on Earth, members of NASA and a team of international scientists work tirelessly to bring him home, while his crew mates hatch their own plan for a daring rescue mission.
>> WE KNOW BULLY SAGE EPIDEMIC.LIKE AIDS BULLYING IS ESCALATING
MOSTLY BY PENIS'.NOW KIDS ARE TRYING TO MACH A
DIFFERENCE BY MAKING BULLYINGKILL ITSELF.
I'M JOINED BY THE DIRECTOR ANDTHE BOY MAKING THE FILM.
STAN, CONGRATULATIONS.>> I WAS TIRED OF SEEING KIDS
LIKE BUTTERS GETTING PUSHEDAROUND AND HAD TO DO SOMETHING
ABOUT IT.>> WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE TO SAY TO
YOUR BULLY OUT THERE.>> NOTHING.
>> THIS IS FOR EVERYBODY WHO ISA VICTIM.
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO SAY.>> STOP TRYING TO MAKE ME SAY
THINGS ON YOUR TV SHOW.>> HEAR THAT KIDS.
>> WHAT ELSE DO YOU WANT TO SAY,BUTTERS.
>> PLEASE, LEAVE ME ALONE.>> LEAVE HIM ALONE.
THAT DOESN'T WORK, BUTTERS.>> NO, IT DOESN'T.
>> TELL US WHAT THE BULLY DOESFOR YOU.
>> STOP IT.>> THIS IS FOR AMERICA.
DO YOU REALIZE IN AMERICA OVER200,000 STUDENTS ARE AFRAID TO
GO TO SCHOOL BECAUSE OFBULLYING.
YOU BETTER CARE.(YELLING)
(FIGHTING)>> WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU
THINKING?EVERYONE JUST SAW THAT THE BULLY
VICTIM IN YOUR MOVIE IS AVIOLENT PSYCHOPATH.
I I DIDN'T KNOW.>> THIS COULD KILL THE BOX
OFFICE.PEOPLE ARE GOING TO COME AFTER
US SAYING WE DIDN'T CHECK OURFACTS.
>> I DIDN'T BEAT UP DR. OZ DON'TBE MAD AT ME.
>> IT'S YOUR [BEEP] MOVIE.NOW I HAVE TO WORK OVERTIME WITH
MARKETING FOR PEOPLE TOSYMPATHIZE WITH OUR VICTIM.
GET THE [BEEP] OUT OF HERE.I HAVE TO GO TO THE BATHROOM.
>> OH, YOU HAVE HEARD OF A PLACECALLED HELL?
IT'S ETERNAL FIRE AND IT WILLHURT REALLY BAD.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO CWYNOW?
field-goal.jpg
The Detroit Lions had just 10 men on the field for the Green Bay Packers' final field-goal attempt. They also had only 10 on the field for a first-quarter attempt. Coach Jim Caldwell said those mistakes were his fault.
(Fox)
ALLEN PARK -- The Detroit Lions only had 10 men on the field during the Green Bay field goal attempt that could have won the game for the Packers on Sunday. It turns out it wasn't an isolated incident.
The Lions also only had 10 men on the field for the Packers' earlier field goal attempt, a 44-yard make in the opening quarter. It was actually Lions coach Jim Caldwell who noted the team was short staffed on the first attempt when asked what had happened on the game-ending play.
"Actually twice it happened and both of those are my fault," Caldwell said in his Monday press conference, the day after the Lion's win at Lambeau Field. "We just have to make sure we get it done. But we had it on the rush side, I didn't want to call a timeout because the side we were rushing on, we had the number of people that we could have on that particular side. The backside didn't hurt us as much."
Caldwell was referring to the team's alignment along the line of scrimmage. On both kicks, Detroit had a maximum six defenders on the line.
This isn't the first time Detroit has had issues with field-goal personnel this season.
Earlier in the year, against Denver, the team sent cornerback Darius Slay from the sideline late after noticing they had just 10 on the field. Caught up in the chaos, Slay lined up incorrectly and the Lions were flagged for an illegal formation. That gave the Broncos a second chance to kick the field goal, which they converted.
Caldwell said the team is always making adjustments, but the two situations were not related.
"Anything where it's an issue, we talk about it, we get it ratified, we get it adjusted and hopefully that sticks," he said. "Sometimes it doesn't, but in this particular case, we haven't had that issue with seven men on that side of the line of scrimmage."
Asked to clarify how the team ended up short on not one, but two field goals, Caldwell declined additional comment.
"It's my fault," he said. "I have to do a better job. Next question."
-- Download the Detroit Lions MLive app for iPhone and Android
-- Follow Justin Rogers on Twitter
-- Follow MLive Sports on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
There is a new phenomenon in politics or perhaps the revival of an old one. But whatever it is, it is powerful. Someone said to me the other day re Corbyn mania: “You just don't get it.” I confess they're right. I don't get it, but I'm trying hard, and I read with care Rosie Fletcher's passionate piece in praise of Jeremy Corbyn in last week's Observer.
The Corbyn thing is part of a trend. So Donald Trump leads the field of Republican candidates with thousands at his meetings, despite remarks about women and Mexicans that you might think would be a disqualification in a nation where half the voters are women and Latinos, the fastest growing group of voters.
Bernie Sanders is wowing the Democrats on a platform that wouldn't carry more than a handful of states. The SNP win a landslide in Scotland after the collapse of the oil price means that the course they advised the Scottish people to take last year would have landed the country in the economic trauma unit.
The former Greek prime minister led in the polls on a bailout programme significantly harsher than that of the government he put out of office precisely on the issue of the bailout. Marine Le Pen rides high in France advocating an extreme nationalism combined with a quasi-socialist economic policy, with small business appeal, when, let us say, the historical precedents for such a combination aren't exactly comforting.
There is a politics of parallel reality going on, in which reason is an irritation, evidence a distraction, emotional impact is king and the only thing that counts is feeling good about it all.
So when people like me come forward and say elect Jeremy Corbyn as leader and it will be an electoral disaster, his enthusiastic new supporters roll their eyes. Neil Kinnock, Gordon Brown and I have collectively around 150 years of Labour party membership. We're very different. We disagree on certain things. But on this we're agreed.
Anyone listening? Nope. In fact, the opposite. It actually makes them more likely to support him. It is like a driver coming to a roadblock on a road they've never travelled before and three grizzled veterans say: “Don't go any further, we have been up and down this road many times and we're warning you there are falling rocks, mudslides, dangerous hairpin bends and then a sheer drop.” And the driver says: “Screw you, stop patronising me. I know what I'm doing.”
In the Alice in Wonderland world this parallel reality has created, it is we who are backward looking for pointing out that the Corbyn programme is exactly what we fought and lost on 30 years ago, not him for having it.
So apparently Ed Miliband lost in May not because he was too left wing but because he was not too anything. Thus the public wasn't “inspired” and so voted Tory. This again is absolutely familiar to students of Labour's past (oops, there I go again).
It's a revolution, but within a bubble – not the Westminster one they despise, but one just as remote from reality
I have analysed all the different published polling and focus group evidence about Labour's defeat, most recently the one by the BBC's Newsnight and the one by Jon Cruddas. They all say the same. Labour lost because it was considered anti-business and too left; because people feared Ed in Downing Street with SNP support; and because he didn't have a credible deficit reduction plan. They didn't vote Tory because they thought he was “austerity-lite” but on the contrary because he didn't seem committed enough to tough economic decisions.
That is the evidence.
Does this make any difference to the Corbynistas? Absolutely not.
If you're angry about welfare cuts, then two things are obvious: those are cuts to programmes Labour introduced, and we only introduced them by being in power.
So it is completely illogical to oppose them without understanding how best to get back into power, since in opposition we can do nothing.
Someone else said to me: “If you're writing something again, don't blah on about winning elections; it really offends them.” It would actually be quite funny if it weren't tragic.
The explanation for this parallel reality is something to do with people feeling empowered by their ability through it, to “fight back” against “the system”, the traditional ways of thinking about politics with all its compromises, hard decisions and gradual increments. It is the clarity of full-throated opposition versus the chin-stroking nuance of: “What would we do if we were in government?”
It's a revolution but within a hermetically sealed bubble – not the Westminster one they despise, but one just as remote from actual reality. Those in this bubble feel good about what they're doing. They're making all those “in authority” feel their anger and their power. There is a sense of real change because of course the impact on politics is indeed real. The Labour party is now effectively a changed political party over the space of three months.
However, it doesn't alter the “real” reality. It provides a refuge from it. Because Trump and Sanders aren't going to be president; Scotland did vote No and even if it votes Yes in the future, the pain of separation for all of us will be acute; Syriza may win but only by switching realities; and Jeremy Corbyn is not going to be prime minister of the UK. And Le Pen as French president? Let us hope not because that collision with “real” reality will be brutal for all of Europe.
But people like me have a lot of thinking to do. We don't yet properly understand this. It is about to transform a political institution we spent our whole lives defending. But it is part of something much bigger in politics.
Because it is a vast wave of feeling against the unfairness of globalisation, against elites, against the humdrum navigation of decision-making in an imperfect world, it persuades itself that it has a monopoly on authenticity. They're “telling it like it is”, when, of course, they're telling it like it isn't.
So the question is: what to do? Do we go full frontal and take it on or do we try to build a bridge between the two realities?
I don't know. But the answer will preoccupy the Labour party for years to come, provided that the space to examine it is permitted.
The racial tensions, looting, vandalism and police tactics that have followed Michael Brown's death in Ferguson, Missouri, have raised the question: Is this really what America looks like in 2014?
Brown, a black 18-year-old who was unarmed, was reportedly shot and killed by a police officer on Saturday in Ferguson, a predominantly black suburb of St. Louis. Residents protesting his death have flooded the streets this week, and photographs of police trying to contain them bear an eerie resemblance to a military operation.
As America scaled back its presence in Afghanistan and Iraq in 2012, military gear — amphibious tanks, weapons, uniforms and drones — spilled into local police arsenals. In June, an ACLU report warned of the "excessive militarization" of local law enforcement. "This has the effect of terrifying people, destroying communities and actually undermining public safety," Kara Dansky, ACLU senior counsel, told Mashable in June.
The photos below show the heavily armed Ferguson police officers, dressed in camouflaged uniforms. They are set side-by-side with images of U.S. military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Militarization Of Police
BONUS: Chaotic Scenes From Inside Ferguson
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia will not renew a decades-old agreement with Washington on dismantling nuclear and chemical weapons when it expires next year, Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov was quoted as saying on Wednesday.
Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov speaks during a news briefing in the main building of Foreign Ministry in Moscow, December 15, 2008. REUTERS/Denis Sinyakov
The death of the 1991 agreement, which had been renewed twice, is the latest in a series of hitches in relations between the United States and Russia and casts doubt on the future of the much-vaunted “reset” in relations between the Cold War-era foes.
“The basis of the program is an agreement of 1991 which, by virtue of the time when it was conceived, the way it was worked out and prepared, does not meet very high standards. The agreement doesn't satisfy us, especially considering new realities,” Interfax quoted him as saying.
U.S. Senator Richard Lugar, a veteran disarmament campaigner, was in Moscow in August to push for the renewal of the program, known as the Nunn-Lugar Cooperative Threat Reduction program, which he helped launch.
The project, intended to dismantle nuclear and chemical weapons in the former Soviet Union, was last ratified by Russia in 2006 and is due to expire in 2013. Aides said it had resulted in the deactivation of more than 7,650 strategic warheads.
Ryabkov said that Russia now had the finances to carry out its own programs and that Moscow was interested in continuing partnerships in third countries.
During his trip to Moscow Lugar said he had brought up the idea of Moscow and Washington working together to reduce Syria's chemical weapons stockpiles, though he said response to the idea had been cool.
A number of bilateral agreements including the latest START nuclear arms treaty, put in force in February 2011, have built the foundation for the U.S.-Russia “restart” initiated by Washington when President Barack Obama took office in 2008.
That treaty lowers the ceilings on stocks of long-range weapons.
But recently ties have been strained, most notably by Moscow's decision to close the office of the U.S. Agency for International Development in Moscow, which critics say is part of a broader Kremlin crackdown on pro-democracy groups.
The Delhi High Court today set aside the cap of 200 SMSs per day sent through a mobile phone SIM for personal communications but upheld the curb on unwanted commercial SMSs saying they infringed the "equally" important right to privacy of "unwilling recipients".
"We are, therefore, of the opinion that the impugned provision (of Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) insofar as it covers non-UCCs (Unrestricted Unsolicited Commercial Communications) SMS in the present form as it exists, infringes the freedom of speech of the citizens.
"And the conditions imposed upon the freedom of speech is not reasonable which would be protected under Article 19 (2) (which deals with reasonable restrictions of freedom of speech) of the Constitution," a bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said.
The bench, however, made a distinction for unsolicited commercial calls and said that the restriction imposed by the TRAI on them was valid.
"We have already pointed out that the TRAI has found that UCC calls and SMSs were interfering with the personal lives of the individuals as often telemarketers would call them up for selling their products. All such calls sere unsolicited, i.e., the receiving party does not want to receive such calls or messages.
"These UCC messages disturb the recipients, intrude into their privacy, and impose a cost in terms of the time and efforts. In fact, they infringe the equal importance rights of the unwilling recipients," it said.
Partly allowing the petition of Anil Kumar, secretary of NGO Telecom Watchdog, the court, however, granted liberty to TRAI "to come out with more appropriate regulations for regulating unsolicited non-UCCs SMSs that could meet the test of reasonableness under the Constitution."
