Harvard researchers have demonstrated a powerful, long-lasting repellent surface technology that can be used with medical materials to prevent infections caused by biofilms. (Image courtesy of Joanna Aizenberg.)
Cambridge/Boston, Mass. – February 10, 2015 – More than 80 percent of microbial infections in the human body are caused by a build-up of bacteria, according to the National Institutes of Health. Bacteria cells gain a foothold in the body by accumulating and forming into adhesive colonies called biofilms, which help them to thrive and survive but cause infections and associated life-threatening risks to their human hosts. These biofilms commonly form on medical surfaces including those of mechanical heart valves, urinary catheters, intravenous catheters, and implants. But a new study reported in the inaugural issue of ACS Biomaterials Science and Engineering demonstrates a powerful, long-lasting repellent surface technology that can be used with medical materials to prevent infections caused by biofilms.
The new approach, which its inventors are calling “liquid-infused polymers,” joins an arsenal of slippery surface coatings that have been developed at Harvard's School of Engineering and Applied Sciences (SEAS) and Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering.
The technology leverages the molecular structure of polymers, which makes them highly capable of taking up and storing considerable volumes of lubricating liquids in their molecular structure, like sponges. This allows for absorption of a large reservoir of lubricant, which can then travel to the surface and render it continuously slippery and repellent—creating an environment that challenges bacteria's ability to colonize. The team led by Joanna Aizenberg—the Amy Smith Berylson Professor of Materials Science at Harvard SEAS, Professor of Chemistry and Chemical Biology in Harvard's Faculty of Arts and Sciences, Wyss Institute Core Faculty member, and Co-Director of the Kavli Institute for Bionano Science and Technology—is designing various such liquid-infused polymer systems.
For the current study, they have chosen a solid silicone polymer, the same kind already used in today's medical tubing, saturated with a liquid, silicone oil. Both components are safe and non-toxic, and are already used in various medical devices and common products like cosmetics.
“The solid silicone tubing is saturated with silicone oil, soaking it up into all of the tiny spaces in its molecular structure so that the two materials really become completely integrated into one,” said Caitlin Howell, a Postdoctoral Researcher at the Wyss Institute and a co-author on the new findings.
It's this saturation process that makes the liquid-infused polymer so powerful and could result in a material able to withstand conventional sterilization methods and long-lasting use. This is due to the fact that the surface does not lose its slipperiness over time—the silicone oil continuously diffuses to the surface, replenishing itself to replace any oil that is pulled away by liquids flowing against it, such as urine, blood, or gastro-intestinal fluids.
To test the liquid-infused polymer's effectiveness in biofilm prevention, the study's lead author Noah MacCallum, an exchange undergraduate student at SEAS, exposed treated and untreated medical tubing to Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Escherichia coli, and Staphylococcus epidermidis, which are common pathogenic bacteria that form biofilms and are frequent culprits of urinary, tissue, and blood infections. The experiment confirmed that the liquid-infused polymer tubing greatly reduced bacterial adhesion and largely eliminated biofilm formation.
As such, the new approach could be leveraged to prevent bacterial infections associated with the biofilm formation on catheters and other medical devices. This preventative aspect is crucial given that once biofilms develop they are remarkably resistant to removal, a problem that is compounded by rising antibiotic resistance in bacteria.
“With widespread antibiotic resistance cropping up in many strains of infection-causing bacteria, developing out-of-the-box strategies to protect patients from bacterial biofilms has become a critical focus area for clinical researchers,” said Wyss Institute Founding Director Donald Ingber, who is also the Judah Folkman Professor of Vascular Biology at Harvard Medical School and Boston Children's Hospital and Professor of Bioengineering at Harvard SEAS. “Liquid-infused polymers could be used to prevent biofilms from ever taking hold, potentially reducing rates of infection and therefore reducing dependence on antibiotic use.”
Previously, Aizenberg and her team developed various other slippery surface technologies, including “SLIPS,” the Slippery Liquid-Infused Porous Surfaces technology introduced in 2011 that can repel virtually any liquid or solid material and offer solutions to a wide range of applications.
SLIPS inspired the invention of a different type of slippery surface using tethered-liquid perfluorocarbons, known as TLP coating, developed in collaboration between Aizenberg and Ingber in 2014. TLP coating uses FDA-approved materials to prevent bacterial build-up and sepsis from occurring due to the use of medical implants or devices, while eliminating the need for conventional and side effect-prone anticoagulant drugs.
And the most recently developed approach could also have implications beyond the medical field. “We could apply liquid-infused polymers to other materials plagued with biofouling problems, such as waste-water management systems, maritime vessels or oil pipes,” said one of the study's lead co-authors Philseok Kim, who was formerly a Senior Research Scientist at the Wyss Institute and is currently co-founder and Vice President of SLIPS Technologies, Inc.
Given the recent success of the experiment, Aizenberg and her team hope the newest technology will further strengthen the impact of the portfolio of slippery surface technologies. “Each technology in our portfolio has different properties and potential uses, but collectively this range of approaches to surface coatings can prevent a broad range of life-threatening problems, from ice accumulation on airplane wings to bacterial infections in the human body,” said Aizenberg.
Assassins, gangsters, and enraged mobs of the past have employed a wide variety of methods to silence their victims. One such method involves chucking people out of windows, an act known as defenestration.
Technically, the word applies when you throw anything – not just people – out of a window. In spite of this, I decided to focus mainly on human defenestrations. Somewhere along the way, however, a piano made its way onto this list (but that's the only non-human entry, I promise).
10. Bishop Dom Martinho Annes
In 1383, King Ferdinand I of Portugal died without leaving a male heir, and Queen Leonor Telles became regent. Previously, the queen had seen to it that their daughter, Beatrice, was married to King John I of Castile. The union was intended to help establish peace between Portugal and Castile, but it ended up causing further hostilities.
Many nobles were very much opposed to Leonor's decision, since it essentially gave a Castilian a claim to the throne – which would mean a loss of Portuguese independence. So, in December of 1383 John of Aviz incited a conflict by organizing the murder of Queen Leonor's lover. John of Castile intervened, and thus began a period of war between Portugal and Castile known as the Interregnum.
Dom Martinho has an unhappy role to play in this story. In 1383, the holy man met his end because an angry crowd suspected that he was plotting with the Castilians. Since he was partial to Leonor's policies, the bishop was unceremoniously flung out of the Lisbon Cathedral's north tower and promptly fell to his death.
9. Deng Pufang
The son of former Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping, Pufang was a victim of Mao Zedong's Cultural Revolution. His father, who was a prominent member of the Communist Party, had developed economic ideas that Mao considered to be excessively capitalistic. As a result, Deng Xiaoping and his family became targets during the Revolution.
While studying in the physics department at Beijing University in 1968, Deng Pufang was imprisoned and tortured by Red Guards, and later either fell or was thrown out of a third story window. He survived the fall, but sustained paralyzing injuries.
As a paraplegic, Deng has worked to secure the rights of Chinese people who suffer from physical and mental disabilities. He has chosen not to clarify whether his fall in 1968 was a suicide attempt or an assassination attempt.
8. Admiral Gaspard de Coligny
Immediately preceding the horrific events of the St. Bartholemew's Day Massacre in Paris, Huguenot leader Gaspard de Coligny was tossed out of his bedroom window while recovering from an earlier assassination attempt. However, it wasn't so much the fall that killed him as it was having his head chopped off after he landed (besides, his assailants had already impaled him with a sword before he fell).
The date was August 24, 1572. The Peace of Saint-Germain in 1570 had ended France's third War of Religion, but tensions persisted between Catholics and Huguenots. Much to the dismay of Catholics (the Guise family, for instance), Coligny had been readmitted to King Charles IX's royal court. Furthermore, in an attempt to solidify the uncertain peace, the queen mother Catherine d'Medici had arranged a marriage between her daughter, Marguerite de Valois, and the Protestant Henry of Navarre. This marriage was received poorly by Catholics, who feared that it would help Protestants increase their influence and power.
A number of important Huguenot leaders were in Paris for the August 18 wedding. Starting with Coligny, many of them were murdered as angry Catholic Parisians stormed through the streets in a massive, bloody killing spree that spread to cities all over France and claimed thousands of lives.
7. First Prague Defenestration
On July 30, 1419 a crowd of Hussite demonstrators led by the preacher Jan Zelivsky became responsible for what is known today as the First Prague Defenestration, an event that helped instigate the Hussite Wars. Marching through the streets to the town hall at Charles Square, the protestors demanded the release of several Hussite prisoners who were being held in the tower.
The councilors refused, of course, choosing instead to throw stones at the crowd. In response, a mob of furious Hussites, led by the general Jan Zizka, charged into the town hall and pitched the councilors out of the window. The ones who survived the fall were beaten to death by the livid masses waiting outside.
6. Jan Masaryk
Although the circumstances of Jan Masaryk's death are uncertain, many people believe that the Czechoslovak Foreign Minister's death was an assassination. On the morning of March 10, 1948 his pajama-clad body was discovered in the courtyard of the Foreign Ministry in Prague below the bathroom window of his second story apartment. Although the death was initially ruled a suicide, the official verdict was changed to murder in 2004 based on an investigation by a police forensics expert.
Masaryk became ambassador to Britain in 1925. When German forces occupied Czechoslovakia in 1938, Masaryk resigned his position and was later appointed Foreign Minister under the Czechoslovak government-in-exile. He remained in this position through the liberation and the increasing power of the National Front government, although he was not a supporter of communism. Two weeks after Gottwald's triumphant coup d'état, Masaryk – one of the few non-Communist politicians remaining – was dead.
Some family members and friends have downplayed the possibility of foul play, but it appears that Masaryk was, in fact, forced out of his apartment window by a second party. The position of his corpse, nail marks on the window sill, and the testimony of Soviet intelligence officers all seem to indicate that this was an execution.
5. Queen Jezebel
Queen Jezebel was a Phoenician princess whose marriage to King Ahab of Israel in the ninth century BCE allowed for political and economic benefits between the two kingdoms. Most of what we know about her comes from the Old Testament books of First and Second Kings, and due to the foreign influences she exercised on her husband, the biblical accounts portray her as a wicked woman.
For instance, it was because of Jezebel that Ahab allowed the worship of Phoenician gods in addition to Israel's Yahweh, and she was also responsible for the demise of many of Yahweh's prophets.
Another passage recounts her involvement in the fiasco with Naboth's vineyard, which was planted on a plot of land that Ahab wanted. When the king couldn't convince Naboth to sell him the land, Jezebel took things into her own hands and arranged for Naboth to be falsely accused and conveniently stoned to death.
After Ahab's death, Jezebel continued exercising her influence through the reigns of her sons, but eventually fate caught up with her. After the prophet Elisha's servant anointed Jehu as God's choice for the next king, Jehu traveled to Jezebel's palace at Jezreel and met up with the devious queen, who began taunting him from an open window…
…at which point Jehu invited her eunuchs to toss her down into the street. So they did.
The Bible notes that Jezebel's blood splattered on the walls as the horses trampled her. The gory spectacle was increased when a pack of dogs consumed most of her body, leaving only her skull, feet, and hands behind.
4. Ramallah Lynching
Two Israelis were heading to an army base on October 12, 2000 when they made a wrong turn and accidentally drove into Ramallah, a West Bank city controlled by the Palestinian Authority. Vadim Norzich and Yossi Avrahami, both reservists, were detained at a Palestinian checkpoint and then escorted to the police station.
Rumors quickly spread that the men were actually undercover agents, and a turbulent crowd gathered outside the police station. Before long, the mob had forced their way past the guards and a group of attackers began beating and stabbing the Israelis. Their lifeless, bloody bodies were then ejected from the building – one was dangled upside down from the second story window and dropped; the other was pushed out the front door.
The mob continued to mutilate the bodies with atrocious brutality. Photos and video footage of the event caused international outrage and increased the conflict between Israel and Palestine.
3. Abe “Kid Twist” Reles
A native of Brooklyn, Abe “Kid Twist” Reles made a name for himself by becoming one of the most notorious hitmen employed by the National Crime Syndicate's Murder, Inc. His preferred method of execution – an ice pick stabbed through the ear into the victim's brain – serves to illustrate his cruel nature.
Reles launched his career by working for the Shapiro brothers in Brooklyn, but eventually he moved from petty crime to bigger and better things. He and his partners achieved a foothold in the slot machine business, and from there they gained control of several other rackets as well. This success won them a place on the Shapiros' hit list, and after an ambush that left him wounded, Reles and fellow Murder, Inc. hitmen tracked down and offed all three Shapiro brothers.
After an informant released information that led to his 1940 indictment, Reles avoided the electric chair by becoming an informant himself. His testimony helped convict many of his former associates, including boss Louis Buchalter and childhood friend Martin “Buggsy” Goldstein.
However, murderous gangsters don't appreciate rats. Early on November 12, 1941 – the day Reles was scheduled to testify against Murder, Inc. associate and high-ranking Mafia member Albert Anastasia – his dead body was found five stories below his Coney Island hotel window, where he had been under constant police guard.
His death was recorded as a suicide by the FBI, but many people believe he was actually shoved out of the window by cops whose wallets were fat with bribes. Either way, Reles became (as some have appropriately quipped) “the canary who could sing, but couldn't fly.”
2. Chopin's Piano
And now for a quick special number…
During the Polish-Lithuanian January Uprising of 1863, Russian soldiers dumped Frederic Chopin's grand piano out of a second story apartment window in Warsaw. Chopin wasn't around to mourn the loss, though – he had left Poland in 1830, and was dead from pulmonary tuberculosis by 1849.
The Polish poet and artist Cyprian Norwid was inspired to write a poem about the instrumental defenestration, which was appropriately titled “Chopin's Piano.”
1. Second Prague Defenestration
In 1617, Archduke Ferdinand II of Austria was elected Crown Prince of Bohemia. As an especially intolerant Catholic, however, he did not recognize the religious liberties previously granted in Emperor Rudolf's 1609 Letter of Majesty. Obviously, Bohemian Protestants were not impressed.
In May 1618, Ferdinand dispatched Vilem Slavata of Chlum and Jaroslav Borzita of Martinice to Prague. These men were supposed to serve as government administrators during Ferdinand's absence. Instead, they found themselves subjected to a mock trial at the hands of Bohemian Hussites, who declared them guilty of violating religious freedoms. The Hussites proceeded to throw both men (along with their scribe, Philip Fabricius) from the window of Hradcany Castle – an event which helped provoke The Thirty Years' War.
Surprisingly enough, all three men survived the fall (about 100 feet, according to one account) when they landed in a pile of horse manure at the bottom of a moat. Catholics immediately proclaimed that God's angels had saved them from certain death.
Anyone cares to guess what Protestants thought?
To wrap up this article, I thought I'd throw in a quick list for protecting yourself against defenestration:
10. Don't throw stones at angry mobs.
9. Don't rat on your gangster buddies.
8. Don't trust eunuchs.
7. Watch out for Catholics.
6. Watch out for Protestants.
5. Stay away from assassins.
4. Don't piss off really powerful people.
3. Surround tall buildings with piles of manure.
2. Never go to Prague.
And, of course,
1. Never go indoors.
Liked it? Take a second to support Toptenz.net on Patreon!
2 Shares
Other Articles you Might Like
Investigative reporting by a joint team from The Guardian and the Columbia University School of Journalism reveals that the US Export-Import Bank financed around 70 coal-fired power plants and other fossil fuel energy projects in foreign countries during President Barack Obama's terms in office.
These foreign fossil fuel plants are projected to release about as many tons of global-warming gases as the Obama Clean Power Plan would have saved.
“Obama has been very clear about his concern about climate change,” says Susanne Rust, the director of Columbia's Energy and Environment Reporting Project and the senior investigator on the story, “but when we went through the data, we actually discovered that in the six-and-a-half years that the bank was fully functioning, they financed three times more than the George W. Bush administration had done within the eight years the Export-Import Bank was operating under his administration. That was really striking to us, and very surprising.”
Rust's investigative team looked at 70 fossil fuel projects the Export-Import Bank financed or supported over the past eight years, totaling $34 billion. By contrast, the Ex-Im Bank supported only about $2 billion in renewable energy projects.
“The largest loan that we looked at went to a refinery-petrochemical complex in Saudi Arabia, and that loan was for almost 5 billion [dollars],” she says. “We also looked at two coal plants, one in South Africa, one in India. These are two of the largest coal plants on the planet. We also looked at liquid natural gas ports and processing centers, two of which are actually within the Great Barrier Reef on Curtis Island in Australia. So, quite a menagerie of fossil fuel projects dispersed across the planet.”
Using Ex-Im Bank data, Rust's team calculated that 164 million metric tons of greenhouse gases would come from the 70 Ex-Im Bank-supported fossil fuel projects every year. These numbers match Obama's Clean Power Plan “almost pound for pound,” Rust says.
“The Energy Information Administration put together a calculation for what the Clean Power Plan would do over the next 15 years if it were to be enacted today, and it would save the atmosphere 2.5 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide over those 15 years,” she explains. “If you do the same thing for the 70 fossil fuel projects, you get about 2.4 billion. So, it basically cancels that out.”
Citizens who were pleased with Obama's commitment to fighting climate change might well ask, how did this happen? It's complicated, Rust says.
“I think Obama came in at a time when the economy was floundering, right after the 2008 debacle, and his administration was looking for ways to promote and stimulate job growth,” Rust speculates. “In his 2010 State of Union address, he promised that he would double exports over the next five years, and the Export-Import Bank, being the unique agency that focuses on exports, took that seriously and went around trying to figure out how they could increase their export business. According to their spokesperson, fossil fuels and extractive industries were the place to be putting their money at that point in time.”
In 2005, a handful of nongovernmental organizations sued the Export-Import Bank and a similar agency called the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, or OPIC, because “they were concerned about the amount of greenhouse gases that were being emitted overseas with US financing, and that it was actually violating US law in doing so,” Rust says. “As a result, OPIC ... promised to reduce their portfolio of fossil fuels, and they did. So, they actually finance very few overseas fossil fuel projects now.”
The question is, why didn't the Ex-Im Bank do the same?
“It's unclear,” Rust says. “That's the story we're working on right now, as a matter of fact. So, I'll give you that answer when I get it.”
This article is based on an interview that aired on PRI's Living on Earth with Steve Curwood.
I became an atheist on my own, but it was Richard Dawkins who strengthened and confirmed my decision. For a long time, I admired his insightful science writing, his fierce polemics, his uncompromising passion for the truth. When something I'd written got a (brief) mention in The God Delusion, it was one of the high points of my life.
So, I'm not saying this is easy, but I have to say it: Richard Dawkins, I'm just not that into you anymore.
The atheist movement – a loosely-knit community of conference-goers, advocacy organizations, writers and activists – has been wracked by infighting the last few years over its persistent gender imbalance and the causes of it. Many female atheists have explained that they don't get more involved because of the casual sexism endemic to the movement: parts of it see nothing problematic about hosting conferences with all-male speakers or having all-male leadership – and that's before you get to the vitriolic and dangerous sexual harassment, online and off, that's designed to intimidate women into silence.
Richard Dawkins has involved himself in some of these controversies, and rarely for the better – as with his infamous “Dear Muslima” letter in 2011, in which he essentially argued that, because women in Muslim countries suffer more from sexist mistreatment, women in the west shouldn't speak up about sexual harassment or physical intimidation. There was also his sneer at women who advocate anti-sexual harassment policies.
But over the last few months, Dawkins showed signs of détente with his feminist critics – even progress. He signed a joint letter with the writer Ophelia Benson, denouncing and rejecting harassment; he even apologized for the “Dear Muslima” letter. On stage at a conference in Oxford in August, Dawkins claimed to be a feminist and said that everyone else should be, too.
Then another prominent male atheist, Sam Harris, crammed his foot in his mouth and said that atheist activism lacks an “estrogen vibe” and was “to some degree intrinsically male”. And, just like that, the brief Dawkins Spring was over.
On Twitter these last few days, Dawkins has reverted to his old, sexist ways and then some. He's been very busy snarling about how feminists are shrill harridans who just want an excuse to take offense, and how Harris's critics (and his own) are not unlike thought police witch-hunter lynch mobs. Dawkins claimed that his critics are engaged in “clickbait for profit”, that they “fake outrage”, and that he wished there were some way to penalize them.
For good measure, Dawkins argued that rape victims shouldn't be considered trustworthy if they were drinking.
Benson, with whom Dawkins had signed the anti-harassment letter just weeks earlier, was not impressed. “I'm surprised and, frankly, shocked by Richard's belligerent remarks about feminist bloggers over the past couple of days,” she told me. “Part of what made The God Delusion so popular was, surely, its indignant bluntness about religion. It was a best-seller; does that mean he ‘faked' his outrage?”
There's no denying that Dawkins played a formative role in the atheist movement, but it's grown beyond just him. Remarks like these make him a liability at best, a punchline at worst. He may have convinced himself that he's the Most Rational Man Alive, but if his goal is to persuade everyone else that atheism is a welcoming and attractive option, Richard Dawkins is doing a terrible job. Blogger and author Greta Christina told me, “I can't tell you how many women, people of color, other marginalized people I've talked with who've told me, ‘I'm an atheist, but I don't want anything to do with organized atheism if these guys are the leaders.'”
It's not just women who are outraged by Dawkins these days: author and blogger PZ Myers told me, “At a time when our movement needs to expand its reach, it's a tragedy that our most eminent spokesman has so enthusiastically expressed such a regressive attitude.”
What's so frustrating, from the standpoint of the large and growing non-religious demographic, is that Dawkins is failing badly to live up to his own standards. As both an atheist and a scientist, he should be the first to defend the principle that no one is above criticism, and that any idea can be challenged, especially an idea in accord with popular prejudices. Instead, with no discernible sense of irony, Dawkins is publicly recycling the bad arguments so often used against him as an atheist: accusing his critics of being “outrage junkies” who are only picking fights for the sake of notoriety; roaring about “thought police” as though it were a bad thing to argue that someone is mistaken and attempt to change their mind; scoffing that they're “looking for excuses to be angry” as though the tone of the argument, rather than its factual merits, were the most important thing; encouraging those who are targets of criticism to ignore it rather than respond.
The artist Amy Roth, who recently debuted an exhibit in which she literally wallpapered a room with the misogynist messages that she and other feminists have received, finds the systemic sexism incredibly frustrating. As she told me this week:
The men and women in this community have a right to speak up about it, and if the best argument you have against us is that we are the ‘thought police' or we are writing for ‘clickbait' or that the weight of our words is equivalent to an actual ‘witch hunt', then perhaps it's time to retire to your study and calmly reevaluate the actual topics at hand.
On other occasions, Dawkins himself has emphasized the importance of awakening people to injustice and mistreatment they may have overlooked. But when it comes to feminism, he's steadfastly refused to let his own consciousness be raised. Instead, he clings to his insular and privileged viewpoint – and, worse, he's creating the impression that “true” atheists all share his retrograde attitudes.
Like many scientists who accomplished great things earlier in their careers, Richard Dawkins has succumbed to the delusion that he's infallible on any topic he chooses to address, and in so doing, has wandered off the edge and plummeted into belligerent crankery.
Whatever he may say, it's up to the wider atheist community to make it clear that this one public intellectual doesn't speak for all of us. If the atheist movement is going to thrive and make a difference in our society, it needs to grow beyond its largely older, largely male, largely white roots. Dawkins's very public hostility toward the people who emphasize the importance of diversity, who want to make the community broader and more welcoming, and who oppose sexual harassment and sexist language, is harming the cause he himself claims to care about.
In the long run, however, the reputation Dawkins will damage the most is his own.
Former London mayor apologises to Jeremy Corbyn for ‘disruption' but adds: ‘I can't bring myself to deny the truth'
Ken Livingstone has refused to apologise to the Jewish community for insensitive comments linking Zionism to Adolf Hitler, claiming the crisis at the centre of the Labour party was caused by “embittered old Blairite MPs” and is “not about antisemitism”.
The former mayor of London, speaking on LBC, took the opportunity to publicly say sorry to the Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, and the party for causing “disruption” but pointedly refused to apologise for his original comments, which he reasserted as “historical facts” on Saturday.
“I'm sorry to Jeremy and the Labour party that I am caught up in this but it wasn't me that started this problem, this is embittered old Blairites bringing it up,” he said. “I'm sorry if anyone was upset by what I said, I'm sorry for that. But it happens to be a statement of fact.”
Pushed to say whether he regretted bringing the German dictator into the debate, Livingstone said: “I regret mentioning Hitler because it brought up this nonsense.
“I'm sorry that I said that because it's wasted all this time but I can't bring myself to deny the truth and I'm not going to do that. I'm sorry it's caused disruption.”
Earlier in the interview, the former mayor of London appeared to mistakenly cite a statement by the Israeli prime minister, Binyamin Netanyahu, in his defence. “This is what annoys me about the degradation of British journalism, no one does any research,” he said.
“Two days before I did that interview [on Thursday], the prime minister of Israel Binyamin Netanyahu is addressing the World Zionist Congress, this is the sentence he says: ‘Hitler didn't want to exterminate the Jews but only to expel them.' Now, I haven't seen that in any British paper, I had to get it off the internet.”
In fact, Livingstone appears to be referring to Netanyahu's address to the WZC in October last year, where the Israeli PM did not refer to Zionists collaborating with Hitler, but instead was talking about a separate historical incident, accusing the second world war Palestinian grand mufti of Jerusalem of having suggested the genocide of the Jews to the Nazi leader in order to stop them coming to Palestine.
Netanyahu said: “Hitler didn't want to exterminate the Jews at the time, he wanted to expel the Jews. And Haj Amin al-Husseini went to Hitler and said, ‘If you expel them, they'll all come here.' ‘So what should I do with them?' he asked. He said, ‘Burn them.'”
He was roundly condemned by the Israeli press, members of his own party and opposition, as well as Palestinians. The German chancellor, Angela Merkel, was forced to issue a statement clarifying that “responsibility for this crime against humanity is German and very much our own”.
Netanyahu later offered a muted clarification of his remarks, which had caused a huge media backlash. “He [Hitler] is responsible for the Final Solution, and he made the decision,” he said after the speech.
Livingstone had been due to host the LBC show on Saturday morning but instead appeared as a guest, after the station decided to remove him as a presenter for the week before the elections because of Ofcom broadcasting rules about political neutrality.
He was suspended from the Labour party on Thursday after claiming Hitler had supported Zionism “before he went mad and ended up killing 6 million Jews”.
He also said “a real antisemite doesn't just hate the Jews in Israel, they hate their Jewish neighbour in Golders Green or in Stoke Newington. It's a physical loathing.”
On Friday Livingstone told the Evening Standard that “everything I said yesterday was true”, and said he had evidence to present to the inquiry that Hitler did in fact support Zionism, citing a controversial Marxist historian.
He praised Lenni Brenner, the author of Zionism in the Age of the Dictators, and said the book was full of details that he would cite in his defence.
“All the detail is in there. The striking thing that does confirm there was an ongoing dialogue between the Zionists and Nazi government is, in 1935 Hitler passed a law banning any flag being displayed except the swastika and the blue and white Zionist flag, which is pretty amazing.”
Corbyn has announced the creation of an independent inquiry into antisemitism within Labour, led by Shami Chakrabarti.
“Labour is an anti-racist party to its core and has a long and proud history of standing against racism, including antisemitism,” Corbyn told the Guardian on Friday. “I have campaigned against racism all my life and the Jewish community has been at the heart of the Labour party and progressive politics in Britain for more than 100 years.”
This week Naz Shah, the MP for Bradford West, was suspended by Labour over antisemitic Facebook posts from 2014 which suggested Israeli Jews should be transported from the Middle East to the US, and one that urged friends to vote in an online poll about Israel to sway the result, because “the Jews are rallying”.
Shah issued a full apology, both in an op-ed and in a statement in the House of Commons. On Thursday Livingstone took to the airwaves to defend her with his highly criticised link between Hitler and Zionism, and got into a public slanging match with the Labour MP John Mann, who has also been disciplined by the party.
Image caption Verizon receives requests from law enforcement agencies for customer data
US mobile operator Verizon says it will reveal the number of requests for customer information it received from law enforcement agencies this year.
The move follows leaks about mass surveillance programmes run by the National Security Agency from fugitive ex-NSA contractor Edward Snowden.
Shareholders asked Verizon to disclose its dealings with the NSA last month.
The company says it will publish total requests received in criminal cases, as well as details on other legal demands.
This will include court orders, subpoenas and warrants.
The aim of our transparency report is to keep our customers informed about government requests for their data and how we respond to those requests Randal Milch, Verizon
'Transparency'
But Verizon, the second-largest US telephone company by revenue, says it is still working with the US government to establish the amount of information it can legally reveal about the number of national security letters it received. The letters are legal orders allowing the government to demand financial and phone records without prior court approval.
The report will also not publish "information about other national security requests received by the company".
"The aim of our transparency report is to keep our customers informed about government requests for their data and how we respond to those requests," Randal Milch, executive vice-president of public policy at Verizon, said in a statement.
"Verizon calls on governments around the world to provide more information on the types and amounts of data they collect and the legal processes that apply when they do so."
Much of the information it plans to reveal is already on available on an ad hoc basis, but the report - to be published in early 2014 and updated twice a year - aims to make it more consistently available, Mr Milch said.
More freedom
Several major internet companies, including Google, Microsoft, Apple, Facebook and Yahoo, already publish periodic reports disclosing the number of requests from federal agencies and police departments for personal data.
They have called for more freedom to disclose information on national security-related requests. Eight firms formed an alliance called Reform Government Surveillance earlier this month.
Verizon says its report will detail requests "to the extent permitted by applicable US and foreign laws and regulations".
Apple, Microsoft, Yahoo, Google and Facebook have all confirmed they have complied with orders to hand over data relating to "national security matters" to the US authorities.
However, they have been forbidden from saying exactly how many requests they received or details about their scope.
A White House panel has recommended significant curbs on the National Security Agency's electronic surveillance programme following a ruling from a federal judge finding it unconstitutional.
Mr Snowden, an ex-US contractor granted temporary asylum in Russia, leaked documents to the media highlighting the various methods used by agencies to gather information.
The leaks have pointed to agencies collecting phone records, tapping fibre-optic cables that carry global communications and hacking networks.
That has lead to concern among users over how much customer information companies have been sharing with authorities.
By
Share Pin Share +1 Shares 1K
When you were a child in school, did you ever own a binder decorated with cute stickers, doodles or the name of your secret crush? That same desire to personalize our materials has followed us into adulthood, but in a more sophisticated way. Professional custom binder designs allow companies and organizations to creatively reinforce their brand identity, present their concepts and showcase their products.
If you're looking for binder design ideas (and want something more impressive than your Trapper Keeper from biology class), you can find great original die-cuts and materials when you browse our 70+ styles of custom binders, available in several different sizes. Then, explore these designs from some of the most talented graphic design professionals across the globe to see how you can decorate your new binders.
Brand Identity | Sales Catalog | Proposal/Presentation | Corporate Resource | Leather | Medical | Culinary | Educational | Miscellaneous
Brand Identity Binders
When a company updates their brand identity, everything is given a shiny new coat of paint-and that includes print collateral such as binders. Branded binder designs are versatile and can be used for anything from internal organization to marketing presentations. But most importantly of all, they help to maintain brand cohesion amongst employees, clients and business associates.
Wes Niven Personal Identity
Marisa Blair Art Collection
Sales Catalog Binders
3-ring binders are commonly used as sales catalogs because they provide a convenient way for customers and clientele to browse different products and custom options. They're the easiest and cheapest option for brands with rotating selections, since pages can be swapped in and out without having to reprint. The following catalog binder designs are used to promote products and services in clever, eye-catching ways.
Godfrey Syrett Retail Price Lists Binder
Orrefors Kosta Boda 2012 Catalog
Proposal and Presentation Binders
Binders are often used for proposals and presentations, especially when there are a lot of materials to distribute. A successful proposal binder or presentation portfolio helps to illustrate your most important points, and a visually engaging design will make recipients more likely to hold onto it after the presentation is over.
Corporate Resource Binders
Companies often use binders for their internal resources such as employee handbooks, marketing strategies, and brand style guides. You might not think that something that's only going to be used within your own company needs to look as good as the materials you give to customers, but the best businesses know how important it is to maintain brand awareness at every level. This collection of corporate resource binder designs demonstrates that even internal operations can look fantastic.
Leather Binders
There's something about a leatherbound book that exudes luxury and refinement. Leather binders conjure up all those classy qualities while also letting you organize and present materials to a client or colleague. Leather can be a difficult-and expensive-medium to work in, but these skilled designers have found a way to make it work to their advantage and deliver phenomenal results.
For a more cost-effective option, consider creating your binder from leather-like vinyl.
Medical Binders
The medical industry is extremely “pro-binder.” You'll find binders at every level of operation within the field, from medical records to patient education. These designs tend to convey feelings of health, healing, security and serenity. Our collection of medical binders shows how graphic artists find creative ways to provide comfort and care through their designs.
Culinary Binders
Binders make great menus for the same reason they make great catalogs-they're easy to browse and even easier to keep updated. But culinary binders are used for much more than just telling customers the soup-of-the-day, as demonstrated by the following designs. From spine to cover, a good culinary binder design has to present the brand in an appetizing way so that the audience ends up hungry for more.
Educational Binders
Just as we used plastic or vinyl binders as students, so too do teachers, educators and school faculty to keep track of lesson plans, present information, and help students learn. Educational binder designs often use cute, colorful pictures and interactive elements to appeal to younger audiences and keep their attention.
Leadership Camp
Miscellaneous Binders
While we were rounding up the best binder designs, we found a lot of great pieces that defied categorization but still deserve recognition. These miscellaneous binders demonstrate all of the creative ways designers are utilizing the medium.
Carpeta URL
SeaFox Pocket Binder
Your Turn
We want to see even more cool design inspiration, so please share your binder designs in the comments below!
Your Bitcoin transactions The Ultimate Bitcoin mixer made truly anonymous. with an advanced technology. Mix coins
Advertised sites are not endorsed by the Bitcoin Forum. They may be unsafe, untrustworthy, or illegal in your jurisdiction. Advertise here.
BitZCoin
Offline
Activity: 275
Merit: 250
Sr. MemberActivity: 275Merit: 250 Re: [NEM] NEM -New Economy Movement - No Envy Movement - Updates+Discussion thread April 29, 2014, 04:59:32 PM #6645 Quote from: utopianfuture on April 29, 2014, 04:39:13 PM Announcement: On behalf of NEM dev. team I would like to invite qualified candidates to apply to the position of a marketing manager for NEM.
Qualifications:
- experiences with crypto currency communities.
- familiarity with marketing strategies of different crypo promoting group including Bitcoin, Doge, Blackcoin, Peercoin, NXT.
- good at English writing for promotional materials.
Requirements:
- can spend at least 20 hours per week on NEM related promotional tasks.
- can volunteer for NEM related works.
- being a NEM stakeholder is preferable (not necessarily one right now but should be one over the long-term).
- can formulate a long term strategy as well as individual promotional projects for NEM.
Benefit:
- This is not a temporary hire but you will be a member of NEM development team (while we can pay for specific tasks) and can benefit as such. You will work in association with me as well as other NEM core developers in our many future endeavors.
Please send me a P.M describing your relevant experiences and I will contact you for further interviews. This is very important position for NEM, so I expect the selection process will take sometimes but hopefully we will have the position filled before NEM alpha release.
I would prefer to set up this important position with two people, each half of the stake in the beginning, but may raising with good work.
That would ensure the expectations to themselves.
We would have a full time marketing with fully 40 instead of 20 Hours and also the most important thing I guess, is that two brains are much more creative in having ideas and finding solutions, than one alone.
All that together would give a great base for the best results, I'm sure. I would prefer to set up this important position with two people, each half of the stake in the beginning, but may raising with good work.That would ensure the expectations to themselves.We would have a full time marketing with fully 40 instead of 20 Hours and also the most important thing I guess, is that two brains are much more creative in having ideas and finding solutions, than one alone.All that together would give a great base for the best results, I'm sure. Here it is: TakePart!
patmast3r
Offline
Activity: 980
Merit: 1001
Hero MemberActivity: 980Merit: 1001 Re: [NEM] NEM -New Economy Movement - No Envy Movement - Updates+Discussion thread April 29, 2014, 05:05:11 PM #6646 Quote from: BitZCoin on April 29, 2014, 04:59:32 PM Quote from: utopianfuture on April 29, 2014, 04:39:13 PM Announcement: On behalf of NEM dev. team I would like to invite qualified candidates to apply to the position of a marketing manager for NEM.
Qualifications:
- experiences with crypto currency communities.
- familiarity with marketing strategies of different crypo promoting group including Bitcoin, Doge, Blackcoin, Peercoin, NXT.
- good at English writing for promotional materials.
Requirements:
- can spend at least 20 hours per week on NEM related promotional tasks.
- can volunteer for NEM related works.
- being a NEM stakeholder is preferable (not necessarily one right now but should be one over the long-term).
- can formulate a long term strategy as well as individual promotional projects for NEM.
Benefit:
- This is not a temporary hire but you will be a member of NEM development team (while we can pay for specific tasks) and can benefit as such. You will work in association with me as well as other NEM core developers in our many future endeavors.
Please send me a P.M describing your relevant experiences and I will contact you for further interviews. This is very important position for NEM, so I expect the selection process will take sometimes but hopefully we will have the position filled before NEM alpha release.
I would prefer to set up this important position with two people, each half of the stake in the beginning, but may raising with good work.
That would ensure the expectations to themselves.
We would have a full time marketing with fully 40 instead of 20 Hours and also the most important thing I guess, is that two brains are much more creative in having ideas and finding solutions, than one alone.
All that together would give a great base for the best results, I'm sure.
I would prefer to set up this important position with two people, each half of the stake in the beginning, but may raising with good work.That would ensure the expectations to themselves.We would have a full time marketing with fully 40 instead of 20 Hours and also the most important thing I guess, is that two brains are much more creative in having ideas and finding solutions, than one alone.All that together would give a great base for the best results, I'm sure.
It's not like that person will have to do everything without any help. We got many stakeholders that are (hopefully) willing to help puting plans into action that that person comes up with It's not like that person will have to do everything without any help. We got many stakeholders that are (hopefully) willing to help puting plans into action that that person comes up with nem.io - twitter.com/nemofficial - forum.nem.io
avkinp
Offline
Activity: 80
Merit: 10
MemberActivity: 80Merit: 10 Re: [NEM] NEM -New Economy Movement - No Envy Movement - Updates+Discussion thread April 29, 2014, 06:14:52 PM #6650 Quote from: utopianfuture on April 28, 2014, 03:22:17 AM
I do not invite any account with litter activity (less than 5 posts) and likely to be a sockpuppet. The first wave of invitations are sent to Priority 1 group (senior members with more activity or with likely more contributions). Given the number of stakes reserved for the waiting list, Priority group 1 is guaranteed to get a stake if they want and all Priority group 2 are still very likely to have a stake as well.
The works on refunding list are almost done and now we are one step closer to the ultimate final stakeholder list. Stay tuned in the thread for more updates and the coming Alpha release. Thanks.
A litter update: I just sent out the first wave of invitation to the waiting list. You could see the new column of waiting list invitation in a separate tab in NEM final stakeholder list https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AlidWok7hW0DdFRROFFGVUpwcFFXcHVCdGc0a3NuQVE&usp=drive_web#gid=6 I do not invite any account with litter activity (less than 5 posts) and likely to be a sockpuppet. The first wave of invitations are sent to Priority 1 group (senior members with more activity or with likely more contributions). Given the number of stakes reserved for the waiting list, Priority group 1 is guaranteed to get a stake if they want and all Priority group 2 are still very likely to have a stake as well.The works on refunding list are almost done and now we are one step closer to the ultimate final stakeholder list. Stay tuned in the thread for more updates and the coming Alpha release. Thanks.
Any news for group 2 from waiting list? Any news for group 2 from waiting list?
sympathisant
Offline
Activity: 4
Merit: 0
NewbieActivity: 4Merit: 0 Re: NEM in context of the discussion/initiatives of unconditional basic income April 29, 2014, 06:20:01 PM #6651 well i think people individually choosing taxation as an overall principle is nonsense. taxation should be based on common sense in any society. and avoiding taxation shouldn't be much of an issue if it were fair taxation. theres a potential that a protocol of all transactions like with bitcoins could be interesting to taxing authorities (way more personnel efficient, near full automation is possible, tax evasion would be more difficult)
i was wondering what kind of economy/society NEM could contribute to and if it could play a role in a society with basic income. this because i think crypto currencies are just one of many necessary evolutions toward a more fair/free world. basic income would be another. maybe someone here has some thoughts to share on this...
alternative currencies can be other than global in nature depending on what properties the currency has. if the "bristol pound" (complementary currency to sterling) would have been introduced as a crypto currency (with the same properties as the current bristol pound considering the locally binding aspects integrated into the crypto version) it wouldn't be global in nature but it would have a lot of the benefits that a crypto currency, global in nature has, like decentralizing power. just to make a more concrete point here.
anyhow i`m excited that after abolishing seashells as payment method a next step has been made here. cheers
On The Job is an application designed to help you track your time and expenses, and bill your clients by easily and quickly creating professional invoices. On The Job is straightforward and easy to use letting you focus on what's important.It all starts with Clients. Track client information such as names, addresses, and hourly rates. Create fully customizable settings for invoice number generation. Clients contain Jobs and Invoices, both of which can be organized into folders.
Jobs can contain four basic types of items: Timed, Fixed Cost, Quantity, and Mileage. These items correspond to line items on an invoice.Timed items track time in timing sessions. A new session is added each time the timer is run. If you need to quickly add or adjust times, you can use Quick Add (for those times a client calls you at one in the morning and the last thing on your mind is starting a timer) and Quick Modify (in case you forgot to stop the timer when you started working on something else).
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump smiles after introducing Indiana Gov. Mike Pence during a campaign event to announce Pence as Trump's running mate, Saturday, July 16, 2016, in New York. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
Last week, before the recent avalanche of news, Bernie Sanders finally endorsed Hillary Clinton, ending a bitter primary contest.
Donald Trump immediately tweeted an invitation to Sanders voters to join his campaign: Donald Trump immediately tweeted an invitation to Sanders voters to join his campaign:
But could Trump actually woo many disillusioned Sanders supporters into his camp come November?
No.
A survey last month from A survey last month from PRRI and the Brookings Institution shows that this is fantasy. Sanders supporters' political priorities are quite different from those of most Trump supporters. One group — you can guess which — considers terrorism and immigration to be personally important. The other group cares far more about income inequality, race relations and the cost of education. The two groups share little ideological ground.
How this analysis was conducted
To see what similarities and differences there were in voters' motivations in supporting Trump and Sanders, I compared the responses of both candidates' supporters to the June PRRI/Brookings study. For this analysis, I defined Trump supporters as Republicans (and independents who lean Republican) who said that Trump is their preferred Republican nominee, and Sanders supporters as all Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents who selected him as their preferred nominee.
Who cares about free trade?
Trump is correct that his supporters and Sanders's supporters are both concerned about free trade. Respondents were asked which two statements about free trade they agreed with:
Such agreements are mostly helpful because they open markets for U.S. companies, or
Such agreements are mostly hurtful because they send jobs overseas and drive down wages.
Among Trump supporters, 69 percent agreed with the second statement. So did 52 percent of Sanders supporters. There appears to be some common sentiment on trade, although Sanders supporters aren't as dedicated to that stance as Trump supporters.
Neither group of supporters considers trade agreements to be a particularly salient issue to them personally — although, again, more Trump supporters than Sanders supporters consider it a priority. Roughly one in three Trump supporters (36 percent) say such agreements are a critical issue; fewer than one in four Sanders supporters (23 percent) say that.
In other words, Trump won't win Sanders supporters based on opposition to free trade. It's just not one of their most pressing political concerns.
What should the nation do about jobs and unemployment?
Both Sanders and Trump supporters say they are concerned about jobs and unemployment. But their preferred policy solutions will be quite different, considering their very different ideological makeup.
Approximately half (49 percent) of Trump supporters describe themselves as very conservative or conservative. Not surprisingly, only 23 percent are strongly in favor of raising taxes on wealthy people and corporations in order to invest in education and infrastructure as a way to improve the economy.
By contrast, only 10 percent of Sanders's backers consider themselves conservative — and fully 60 percent want to tax the rich for those economic stimulus efforts, supported by By contrast, only 10 percent of Sanders's backers consider themselves conservative — and fully 60 percent want to tax the rich for those economic stimulus efforts, supported by left-of-center figures like Sanders
Is immigration dangerous or healthy for the U.S.?
If nothing else were to divide these two camps, immigration would.
Trump supporters — like Trump himself — are strongly opposed to immigration. More than eight out of 10 Trump supporters (82 percent) believe that illegal immigrants mostly hurt the economy by driving down wages for many Americans. Just over half (53 percent) of Trump supporters believe immigrants come to the United States mainly to take jobs away from American citizens. And a whopping 80 percent of Trumpists say immigrants are likely to be a burden on our country because they take away Americans' jobs, housing and health care.
politics monkey-cage Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Monkey Cage newsletter Commentary on political science and political issues. Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You're all set! See all newsletters
Those attitudes are roughly the opposite of Sanders supporters' beliefs. Only 35 percent of Bernie's followers think illegal immigrants hurt the economy; only 13 percent think immigrants come to take away American jobs; and only 24 percent see immigrants as a burden — 68 percent say that immigrants' hard work and talents are likely to strengthen the United States.
That's starkly visible in the last figure, where you can see that Trump supporters oppose immigration, like That's starkly visible in the last figure, where you can see that Trump supporters oppose immigration, like right-wing populist movements both here and abroad — while Sanders supporters overwhelmingly reject that vision, instead embracing diversity and believing that immigrants bring not drawbacks but benefits to the United States.
You can't blame Trump for trying to appeal to Bernie Sanders's disappointed voters. But before these voters defected to Trump, they would have to abandon core beliefs on which they are closer to Hillary Clinton.
This country runs on innovation. The American success story -- from Ben Franklin's bifocals to Thomas Edison's light bulb to Henry Ford's assembly line to today's advanced microprocessors -- is all about inventing our future. The companies we ran, Microsoft and DuPont, were successful because they invested deeply in new technologies and new ideas.
But our country is neglecting a field central to our national prospect and security: energy. Although the information technology and pharmaceutical industries spend 5 to 15 percent of their revenue on research and development each year, U.S. companies' spending on energy R&D has averaged only about one-quarter of 1 percent of revenue over the past 15 years.
And despite talk about the need for "21st-century" energy sources, federal spending on clean energy research -- less than $3 billion -- is also relatively small. Compare that with roughly $30 billion that the U.S. government annually spends on health research and $80 billion on defense research and development.
As many have noted, an energy future built on yesterday's technology threatens to leave people exposed to price shocks (hurting Americans and devastating the world's poor) and would exacerbate our national security problems and increase our trade deficit, given our dependence on costly foreign oil. The science is also clear that without significant efforts to tackle the climate issue, the effects of warming will grow, undermining agriculture, making droughts and floods more common and more severe, and eventually destroying ecosystems.
We need a vigorous strategy to invent our future and ensure its safety and prosperity. In the realm of energy, as with medicine and national defense, that requires a public commitment.
Why can't the private sector do this? What makes energy different from, say, electronics? Three things.
First, there are profound public interests in having more energy options. Our national security, economic health and environment are at issue. These are not primary motivations for private-sector investments, but they merit a public commitment.
Second, the nature of the energy business requires a public commitment. A new generation of television technology might cost $10 million to develop. Because those TVs can be built on existing assembly lines, that risk-reward calculus makes business sense. But a new electric power source can cost several billion dollars to develop and still carry the risk of failure. That investment does not compute for most companies.
Third, the turnover in our power system is very slow. Power plants last 50 years or more, and they are very cheap to run once built, meaning there is little market for new models.
It is understandable, then, why private-sector investments in clean energy technology are so small. Yet, while it may make sense for individual companies to make these choices, accepting the status quo would condemn our country to very bad options.
This is why we have joined other concerned business leaders -- including Norm Augustine, former chairman of Lockheed Martin; Ursula Burns, chief executive of Xerox; John Doerr, partner at Kleiner Perkins; Jeff Immelt, chief executive of GE; and Tim Solso, chairman of Cummins -- to create the American Energy Innovation Council.
There is vast opportunity in energy. Prices are declining in solar energy and wind, and they could fall further with new technology. There is a critical need for better electricity storage technologies to enable electric vehicles and very-large-scale renewable energy. Advanced nuclear power could burn non-enriched uranium -- which the world has in vast quantities. New efficiency technologies can cut energy demand by half or more in dozens of applications -- in cars, buildings and some industrial processes.
Oceans: An Essential Global Resource
Sunset over the Pacific Ocean seen from the International Space Station.
By MarEx 2015-06-10 11:06:09
June 8 is World Oceans Day, a day to celebrate our world's shared ocean and our personal connection to the sea, as well as to raise awareness about the crucial role the ocean plays in our lives and the important ways people can help protect it.
The world's oceans – their temperature, chemistry, currents and life – drive global systems that make the Earth habitable for humankind.
Our rainwater, drinking water, weather, climate, coastlines, much of our food, and even the oxygen in the air we breathe, are all ultimately provided and regulated by the sea. Throughout history, oceans and seas have been vital conduits for trade and transportation.
Careful management of this essential global resource is a key feature of a sustainable future. The challenge of caring for our oceans is being taken up by people around the world.
Facts and Figures
Oceans cover three quarters of the Earth's surface, contain 97 percent of the Earth's water, and represent 99 percent of the living space on the planet by volume.
Over three billion people depend on marine and coastal biodiversity for their livelihoods.
Globally, the market value of marine and coastal resources and industries is estimated at $3 trillion per year or about five percent of global GDP.
Oceans contain nearly 200,000 identified species, but actual numbers may lie in the millions.
Oceans absorb about 30 percent of carbon dioxide produced by humans, buffering the impacts of global warming.
Oceans serve as the world's largest source of protein, with more than 2.6 billion people depending on the oceans as their primary source of protein.
Marine fisheries directly or indirectly employ over 200 million people.
Subsidies for fishing are contributing to the rapid depletion of many fish species and are preventing efforts to save and restore global fisheries and related jobs, causing ocean fisheries to generate $50 billion less per year than they could.
As much as 40 percent of the world oceans are heavily affected by human activities including pollution, depleted fisheries and loss of coastal habitats.
Case Study: U.S. Coast Guard Rescues Sea Turtles
Last week, a law enforcement team from the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Stratton sped to the scene of a suspicious object floating in a known drug transit zone in the Eastern Pacific Ocean. When the crew arrived at the scene, they found two sea turtles entangled in fishing line and make shift buoys.
“There was no question what we had to do. And no one spoke a word. We immediately moved in to rescue mode,” said Petty Officer 2nd Class Hylan Rousseau. The Coast Guardsmen on board the vessel removed green fishing line. One of the turtles had line wrapped around its neck, which restricted its airway causing apparent respiratory distress.
“We cut the first turtle free without much incident. While we were freeing him, we could see the second, and much larger turtle, was quite literally choking to death,” said Chief Petty Officer Brian Milcetich, a member of the law enforcement team. “He had been trying so hard to free himself from the fishing line that he had cinched the line around his own neck.”
After lifting the approximately 70-pound turtle on board, the delicate process began. A specialized pair of sheers normally used by emergency medical technicians was used to sever the line. Following the rescue, the crew stowed their gear and continued patrolling the area.
Case Study: Australia's Humpback Whales
On ScienceNetworkWK Michelle Wheeler reports that humpback whales are facing pressure from both reduced food availability because of climate change and from being disturbed by mining and boats as they make their annual migration along Western Australia's (WA) coast.
The impacts have recently been documented in two studies. In the first study, researchers used historical whaling data from Albany, Carnarvon and Point Cloates to examine the body condition of humpback's caught in WA waters from 1947-1963.
They used oil yields as a proxy for whale body condition and found the whale's fat content, or energy reserves, was highest when there was a lot of krill available. This in turn was associated with high sea ice cover in Antarctica the previous winter.
Whale researcher Janelle Braithwaite says the research is important in trying to assess climate change impact in the Southern Ocean in the future. “If there's less sea ice then there's going to be less food for whales,” she says.
“If there's less food for whales, then our results indicate that the whales aren't going to be as fat, and this is going to cause problems when it comes to trying to complete migration on their limited energy reserves as well as also reproducing.”
A second study led by Braithwaite used theoretical models to determine the optimal speed whales would travel and the ideal amount of rest they would have if they wanted to conserve energy.
The results closely mirrored what happens naturally in the wild, suggesting whale migration has evolved to conserve energy on the long journey, Braithwaite says. She says mining off the coast and boats in places like Exmouth Gulf and Shark Bay can disrupt these natural migration patterns.
“Human activities do have the potential to disrupt this energy conservation by disturbing [the whales] when they're resting so they can't rest for long enough, making them swim faster so they're using more energy,” Braithwaite says.
Braithwaite says the two papers show humpbacks are facing new challenges, just as their numbers have begun to recover from whaling. “If you have a low krill year…and then they're migrating and they encounter a lot of human activity, mining off the coast, lots of boats…they're vulnerable to being exhausted and not being able to complete their migration and successfully reproduce.”
Case Study: Nitrous Oxide
Nitrous oxide is a potent greenhouse gas that can contribute to climate change and damage the ozone layer, but its cycling in and out of ocean waters has remained poorly understood.
New research by MIT postdoc Andrew Babbin and three others has provided a way to quantify its ocean cycling. The findings, based on computer analysis and sampling of ocean waters from different depths, show that this source of atmospheric nitrous oxide has been drastically underestimated. There have been a lot of estimates on what the sources and sinks are, both on land and in the ocean, Babbin says. But the new measurements show that in parts of the ocean, those estimates were off by at least a factor of 10.
A particular zone of the ocean — a boundary between oxygen-rich surface waters and oxygen-free, or anoxic, deep waters — plays a key role in nitrogen cycling. This suboxic zone experiences an imbalance between bacterial processes that create nitrous oxide and those that break it down — and the excess of nitrous oxide created by this imbalance is given off to the atmosphere.
Ocean nitrification begins with nitrogen entering the sea as runoff from agricultural fertilizers and other sources. Marine microbes take in nitrogen compounds, such as ammonia, and chemically modify them, releasing nitrous oxide as a byproduct. Other bacteria carry out denitrification, a process that breaks down nitrogen compounds through steps that ultimately lead to nitrogen gas — but which can also release some nitrous oxide.
Most of the time these processes balance out. “The denitrifying bacteria that produce nitrous oxide also consume it, and it was thought that these two processes are pretty tightly coupled,” Babbin says. But that's not the case in the suboxic layer, resulting in leftover nitrous oxide that leaks away to the surface.
The research involved taking water samples from various depths at three different locations in the eastern tropical North Pacific, and then measuring these samples in the lab to determine their denitrification rates. The sampling region is one of three knowns to have extensive suboxic zones, Babbin says, along with the eastern tropical South Pacific and the Arabian Sea.
Babbin's measurements demonstrate that production of nitrous oxide in just these three small regions could equal the total worldwide marine production that had been estimated in climate models, including the most recent International Panel on Climate Change report: some four million metric tons of nitrous per year. While that amount is dwarfed by carbon dioxide production, nitrous oxide is 300 times more potent as a greenhouse gas.
Anoxic regions of the ocean are expected to increase significantly in size, thus also expanding suboxic zones and their nitrous oxide production — which could amplify climate change. “These findings are highly significant,” says James Galloway, a professor of environmental sciences at the University of Virginia who was not involved in this research, “as they indicate that now the oceans can be expected to increase their nitrous oxide emissions, just as continents are expected to, due to agriculture.”
Korto Momolu: The Woman Behind the ‘Urban Coup' – A/W'14 Collection, NYC
Fashion/Style Review by Ivy F. DeShield, The TasteMaker
Fashion Designer Korto Momolu has killer bones! And her A/W 2014 collection ‘Urban Coup' is no exception. A well-honed silhouette is not a virgin achievement in fashion; yet, when a design frame meets the woman and edges past perfection, you have absolute poetry in motion.
An urban coup, an exercise or act of decisiveness or a brilliant, sudden and typically successful act, interprets precisely Designer Korto's latest artistic vision reflecting the firm while still highly alluring nature of the modern woman. Korto's refreshingly affective maneuver at New York Fashion Week – often a treacherous battle ground for many up and coming designers – set the mode for women's approach to style in the months and possibly years ahead.
From the show's onset, this designer's atypical genius (to all but herself) overthrew the competition and the ‘avant-garde', un-wearable aesthetic and spoke directly to the real women that live inside all real women. And women (and men) responded with enthusiastic roars of approval at the finale. There is something awkwardly awesome about expecting the unexpected, and Korto's admirers have come to appreciate this sensation better than most.
From DJ Universe's opening remix of sonic diva Madonna's Vogue, an electrifying echo sounded starting with a sleeveless, olive drab A-line shift with draped collar, cinched with a striking gold fabric belt and accompanied by a handmade leather weekender tote from the ZAAF Collection. In a nutshell: Coolly-polished.
A fabulous charcoal wrap coat struck a blow at the contemporary norm with tapered arms, a distressed leather belt tie and a wide sweep of buttery leather accenting the coat's softly flared skirt. (Dibs on this one!)
Up next, a wonderfully over-sized, cowl-necked shrug and fitted sweater skirt was definitely more than meets the eye, as was the model whose Veronica Lake-styled tresses and fierce lip in SheaMoisture ‘Elsa' green (wet/dry eye shadow) bedazzled the guests.
Without fail, Korto continued her subtle attack on the senses with drapes and folds that caressed each womanly figure with a knowing touch, only halting her approach to add power to feminine grace with show-stopping royal purples, the hue of choice for a commanding, military-inspired coat that Mata Hari, herself, would have been proud to don.
The ‘Urban Coup' collection's presentation was a masterful finish to the A/W 2014 season for Designer Korto Momolu. The collection is one she is proud of as a designer, an artist, because it was clearly inspired by the natural woman in all of her many phases from powerhouse to temptress to the girl next door. And it encourages this same woman to embrace her many selves, gathering all of her beauty and strength to trump the disbelievers, and proclaim in victory, “I am woman. I am woman; and in all things, great and small, I am still this woman. And she is loved.”
Image copyright Thinkstock
Having the central heating on may be contributing to our ballooning waistlines, Dutch researchers suggest.
They say higher temperatures in homes, offices and hospitals provide more comfort, but mean bodies no longer need to burn extra calories to keep warm.
A Maastricht University Medical Centre group says 19C (66F) is sufficient to provide the right balance.
However, some argue that turning down the thermostat would merely prompt people to eat more.
The weight loss idea, proposed in Trends in Endocrinology and Metabolism, comes down to energy balance.
If you didn't compensate you would lose weight, but that's not really how it happens. You will want a chocolate bar. Dr Michael Daly, University of Stirling
People will gain weight if they consume more calories in food than they burn off in day-to-day life.
Cooler and thinner?
The report said people spent 90% of their time indoors and yet "we cool and heat our dwellings for maximal comfort while minimising our body energy expenditure necessary to control body temperatures".
The energy balance is shifted towards weight gain and can require a drop in temperature to help burn off some calories.
Dr Wouter van Marken Lichtenbelt told the BBC: "19C is enough - and not for the whole day.
"Energy increases were in the order of 6% in mild cold, and in the long term that could really make a difference.
"It could be a substantial influence and help in combination with food changes and exercise."
Image copyright SPL
He said people could "try turning the thermostat down" at home or "go outside".
About two in every three adults in the UK are classed as overweight or obese, and it is a growing problem globally.
Cases have quadrupled to about one billion in the developing world since 1980.
Cold comfort
However, temperature control may not be the perfect solution and is the source of some debate.
Dr Michael Daly, who investigated the issue at the University of Stirling, told BBC News: "If you didn't compensate you would lose weight, but that's not really how it happens. You will want a chocolate bar."
"Also, studies suggest that in cold indoor temperatures you are more likely to get a stroke, and there is a [overall] winter mortality effect."
His research on 100,000 homes in England suggested people in houses heated above 23C tended to be slightly thinner, because at this point the body needed to lose heat - and sweating used up energy.
He said higher temperatures also lowered appetite and the amount of food being consumed.
Tam Fry, from the UK's National Obesity Forum, argued: "A cold environment switches on brown fat deposits, which are said to generate 300 times more heat than any organ in the body.
"They are its natural thermal resource. The heat kept us warm as babies and is still capable of keeping us warm now.
"Losing weight at the same time is a bonus. Turn your stat down now and see for yourself."
Too many unanswered questions surrounding the National Guard Youth Challenge Program put possible funding for the boot camp-style program in jeopardy as Idaho lawmakers sent the measure from the floor of the Idaho House back to committee.
The Lewiston Tribune reports this morning that the program, which would be headquartered in the Clearwater County community of Pierce, is designed as an alternative school for potential high-school dropouts. Its proposed annual budget would be $3.1 million and would require a minimum of $500,000 for start-up funds needed to renovate the Pierce school and add residential units.
The Tribune reports that Gov. C.L. "Butch" Otter had recommended that the funds be pulled from the Division of Veterans Services reimbursement account.
But several legislators expressed their concerns Friday that they hadn't received enough information on the planned school, including how or where federal funds would come from.
Ultimately, the bill was sent back to the House Education Committee for further consideration.
As fans of The Bachelor will no doubt be aware dating shows don't always have a romantic ending. That was certainly the case on a new Irish program where a man given the choice of a date or $400 voucher to service his car put his wheels ahead of romance.
Pico do Ride or 'Pick Your Ride' is a Gaelic language show that blends Blind Date with Top Gear.
On its debut episode, which aired on Thursday night, Corey Hanna was given the choice of three young men she would like to date.
But instead of getting to know the potential lovers through a series of one-on-one meetings and group challenges, Corey had to pick based solely on the men's cars and driving ability.
As each man stands by his vehicle, wearing identical white overalls and a full-face helmet Corey chooses a revhead named Liam based on his sporty Peugeot.
As the young Irishman struts over and removes his helmet to reveal his face Corey appears happy with her decision.
But then the host reveals that there is another twist to the show.
"I hate to say it but Liam has the final decision," the female host says.
"You can get 250 Euro ($400) for a night out together or a 250 Euro Advance Pitstop voucher."
After briefly weighing up his options Liam goes for the more practical option.
"I don't think mum would be too happy with me if I go home without the 250 Euro voucher after giving me the car…. The car is falling apart," he says.
"I am going to go for the 250 Euro voucher for the car."
As the revhead poses proudly with a large novelty cheque Corey shakes her head, not appearing greatly reassure by the host's advice that she is probably better off.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
BALTIMORE (WJZ) — Baltimore police confirm they have now gotten calls from thousands of patients of a Johns Hopkins gynecologist accused of secretly recording their exams.
Mike Hellgren has more on where many are turning for help.
Thousands of patients have called a police hotline looking for answers and Johns Hopkins has been served with its first lawsuit.
More than 2,000 women have come to police after Dr. Nikita Levy was exposed. Detectives say the once-respected Johns Hopkins gynecologist made photos and videos of their examinations. They confiscated them from his home before he committed suicide.
“I can't even begin to imagine the unimaginable breach of trust that this incident has created for families and patients,” said Anthony Guglielmi, Baltimore City Police.
And there are new fears. Police referred many of these women to counselors at TurnAround. The nonprofit center says many patients who now need medical care are fearful of getting it.
“A lot of those women are really struggling. They feel betrayed. They feel confused,” said Gail Reid, TurnAround.
WJZ has also learned some lawyers may be discouraging clients from getting counseling.
Johns Hopkins has been served with the first of what's expected to be many lawsuits.
“People often blame themselves, so I think there's a certain amount of `I should have known,'” Reid said. “It's not their fault they ended up in this situation.”
Police are working with federal authorities and contacting victims one by one.
“Looking to see if Dr. Levy perhaps sold this material online and if he partnered with anyone else during the commission of this crime,” Guglielmi said.
“People have also expressed concern about investigators reviewing the videos,” Reid said. “I think we don't know the extent of what happened to some of these victims.”
Many face not only a lengthy investigation but also lingering questions, including whether they can trust their doctor again.
For information on legal help, please click here. For information on counseling, please click here.
PRINCETON, N.J.--In the era of big data, transparency has become a popular policy tool for addressing potential problems. But publicly disclosing personal information -- such as government officials' income -- may result in unintended consequences.
Using California as a case study, a researcher from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs shows that city managers -- typically the highest-paid city employees -- saw an 8 percent reduction in pay after their salaries were disclosed to the public. These cuts also triggered a 75 percent increase in the quit rate among city managers.
The findings, released as a working paper by the National Bureau of Economic Research, suggest that top salaries are cut because they appear excessive, regardless of whether the reductions in pay are good policy. Additionally, the research suggests that media exposure restrained high wages in cities where the top salaries were already disclosed.
"On the surface, transparency seems unambiguously good. Why wouldn't we have transparency?" said Alexandre Mas, professor of economics and public affairs and author of the paper. "This paper shows that there may be unintended effects from these policies. If the public has an averse response to large salaries, regardless of whether these salaries are justified, there might be adverse consequences."
The average salary of a city manager is around $200,000, and one made as much as $800,000. City managers are responsible for the day-to-day operations including managing the city's budget and promoting economic development. In California, there is no legal limit to what a city manager can earn.
Mas selected California for a case study because, in 2010, the state issued a mandate requiring all cities to post municipal salaries online. While some cities had previously disclosed municipal salaries, the mandate introduced disclosure in the remainder of the cities. Mas used an Internet database of historical webpages and newspaper archives to research which cities disclosed wages, and he used public records requests to gather payroll information. He then compared the evolution of wages between cities that had and previously had not disclosed city manager wages. Once their wages were disclosed, city managers saw an average pay cut of about 8 percent, according to Mas' calculations.
While the timing of the policy coincided with the aftermath of the Great Recession, Mas shows that the reductions came not through citywide furloughs or budget cuts but from nominal pay cuts over time.
"One explanation is that city managers, in general, are overpaid, so public disclosures forces compensation to be appropriately corrected," Mas said. "A second explanation is that the public views these salaries as excessive, regardless of whether they are warranted. This reaction, in turn, pressures the city council to lower the salaries." Mas finds that the evidence points more toward the second explanation.
Mas also wanted to determine whether publicly disclosing salaries caused city managers to leave their positions. Using state records and press reports, he found that, following the 2010 mandate, there was a 75 percent increase in the quit rate of city managers. These numbers suggest that city managers might have been at their tipping point on the salary scale.
"The salaries these city managers earned were enough to keep them there, but the pay cuts were enough for them to leave," Mas said. "It suggests that these high-level officials had better outside opportunities."
There was no response in pay setting among cities that, prior to the mandate, already disclosed their compensation to the press. As Mas argues, this suggests that the press already had a role in restraining top salaries.
Interestingly, Mas found that wage declines mostly came from male managers. On average, compensation did not decline for female managers.
"We can really only speculate why this might be the case," Mas said. "It is possible that male managers did more to use secrecy to inflate their pay, but it is also possible that city councils believed there to be a higher risk of a lawsuit by female city managers on the basis of discrimination, so they didn't cut their wages."
Mas said this work sets the stage for further research related to the private sector -- for example, whether chief executives of publically traded companies have lower compensation than they would otherwise because their compensation is disclosed by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
"More work needs to be done to investigate other effects of pay disclosure, including whether it closes gender and race gaps and whether transparency changes the relative bargaining ability of workers versus employers when wages are being set," Mas said.
The paper, "Does Transparency Lead to Pay Compression?" was published online October 2014 as a working paper by the National Bureau of Economic Research.
###
The surge in subscriptions caused the service to crash, but the season 7 premiere of HBO's hit show nonetheless broke ratings records.
Game Of Thrones' season 7 premiere broke pay-TV rating records in Australia when it aired Monday and caused a massive uptick in signings to pay TV company Foxtel's streaming service, executives said Tuesday.
But it was a double-edged Lannister-style sword for Foxtel, with the unprecedented demand for the show from streaming customers causing the system to crash Monday night. The technical glitches left an unspecified but vocal number of viewers unable to log on and watch the highly anticipated premiere. The snafu spawned the social media hashtag #FoxtelFail, with many threatening to return to pirating the series.
Overall 820,000 viewers on Foxtel's cable, satellite and streaming platforms watched the first episode of season 7 on Monday. That was a 16 percent rise over the season 6 premiere, achieving the highest ratings ever for a series in the history of subscription television in Australia.
The pay-TV service, owned jointly by News Corp and telco Telstra Corp, said it had a huge surge in streaming subscriptions, increasing its subscribers by 40 percent in the 48 hours before the premiere. Foxtel recently relaunched its streaming service, Foxtel Now, and is providing a $15 a month subscription to its drama pack.
Brian Walsh, Foxtel's executive director of television, said of the record ratings, “The audience of 820,000 who tuned in to episode 1 is unprecedented for Foxtel, and we are ecstatic with the result. I fully expect this number to tilt at 1.5 million by the week's end once more customers have viewed the episode through our catch-up On Demand service and encore screenings.”
By contrast, the top rated program in Australian TV Monday night was new hit series Australian Ninja Warrior, which had an audience of 1.5 million viewers across the five capital cities.
However, the paynet spent most of Tuesday apologizing to subscribers for its technical failures, which it said mirrored the experience of streaming customers in the U.S., Latin America and India.
“As has been reported, HBO in the U.S., its affiliate in Latin America, and Foxtel all experienced some technical glitches with our respective streaming products, and we reiterate our disappointment for those customers impacted by the outage. Foxtel engineers are working to resolve the issue to ensure smooth transmission for the remainder of the series,” Walsh said.
Foxtel explained the glitch: “The combination of new Foxtel Now customers signing up and existing customers upgrading to get the Drama Pack...put unprecedented pressure on our technical operations. Foxtel's Identity Management System...which usually handles around 5,000 processes a day, was hit with 70,000 transactions in just a few hours.”
“We had anticipated heavy usage for last night's premiere; however, the traffic that eventuated far exceeded expectations. Foxtel's engineers are examining what steps can be taken to mitigate any recurrence. Foxtel unreservedly apologizes to customers who were affected by this issue,” the company said in one of three statements issued over 18 hours.
It said the system is now working properly.
I bought this for my boyfriend's fantasy draft. He wasn't expecting it so I thought it would be a nice surprise since he vowed no computers were to be used this year. The first problem is that the stickers are not in any order other than by position. Suggestion would be to alphabetize within position. However, I spent my weekend cutting them, alphabetizing them and filing them in a coupon organizer by player name. When he had his draft, he said it would've been better had I grouped them in position and then alphabetized them. Good to know...
Then, they don't have defensive players so there were quite a few write-ins. And he had 25 rounds, I believe, which this didn't accommodate. We got posterboard to add to the bottom.
Overall, it looks nice and it's still hanging on his friend's dining room wall (the bachelor pad) but a few tweaks would make it much better.
A selection of Partch's instruments on stage
The American composer Harry Partch composed using scales of unequal intervals in just intonation, derived from the natural Harmonic series; these scales allowed for more tones of smaller intervals than in the standard Western tuning, which uses twelve equal intervals. One of Partch's scales has 43 tones to the octave. To play this music, he built a large number of unique instruments, with names such as the Chromelodeon, the Quadrangularis Reversum, and the Zymo-Xyl.
Partch called himself "a philosophic music-man seduced into carpentry". The path towards Partch's use of a large number of unique instruments was a gradual one. Partch began in the 1920s using traditional instruments, and wrote a string quartet in just intonation (now lost). He had his first specialized instrument built for him in 1930—the Adapted Viola, a viola with a cello's neck fitted on it.
He re-tuned the reeds of several reed organs and labeled the keys with a color code. The first one was called the Ptolemy, in tribute to the ancient music theorist Claudius Ptolemaeus, whose musical scales included ratios of the 11-limit, as Partch's did. The others were called Chromelodeons, a portmanteau of chrome (meaning "color") and melodeon.[citation needed]
Most of Partch's works used the instruments he created exclusively. Some works made use of unaltered standard instruments such as oboe, clarinet, or cello, and Revelation in the Courtyard Park (1960) used an unaltered small wind band.
In 1991, Dean Drummond became the custodian of the original Harry Partch instrument collection until his death in 2013.[5][6] In 1999 the instruments began a residency at Montclair State University in Montclair, New Jersey which lasted until November 2014 when they moved to University of Washington in Seattle. They are currently under the care of Charles Corey.[7]
Those who have duplicated partial sets of Partch instruments include John Schneider, whose West Coast ensemble includes replicas of the Kithara, Surrogate Kithara, Cloud-Chamber Bowls, Adapted Guitars, Adapted Viola, Diamond Marimba, Bass Marimba, Chromelodeon, and two Harmonic Canons.[citation needed]
Adapted Guitars [ edit ]
Adapted Guitar I
Adapted Guitar II
Partch built two steel-string guitars: the six-string Adapted Guitar I, and the ten-string Adapted Guitar II (played with a slide). Partch first started experimenting with such instruments in 1934, and the Adapted Guitar I first appeared in Barstow in 1941. In 1945, he began using amplification for both instruments.
Adapted Viola [ edit ]
Adapted Viola
Tuning of the four strings of Harry Partch's Adapted Viola. It also shows the ratios in which each string is tuned (G=1/1).
The Adapted Viola is the earliest extant instrument created by Partch. It is made from a cello fingerboard neck attached to the body of a viola. It also includes a changeable bridge which allows triple stops, i.e. full triads, to be sustained. Partch hammered brads into the fingerboard to aid with finding fingerings. The Adapted Viola was constructed in New Orleans with the assistance of an Edward Benton, a local violin maker. Partch originally called it the Monophone, but by 1933 it had become known as the Adapted Viola.
Partch tuned the Adapted Viola an octave below the violin and the brads inserted into the instrument fingerboard are placed at ratios commonly used in Partch's works. In playing the instrument, Partch called for a "one-finger technique," which is "much closer to the spirit of Indian vina playing than it is to the pipe organ." Specifically, he desired that notes should be approached by gliding from tone to tone:
The finger may start slowly on its move, increase speed, and hit the next ratio exactly. It may move very fast from the first ratio, and then move slowly and insinuatingly into the next—so slowly, sometimes, that one is not sure as to the point where rest has been achieved. Or, all this may be reversed. What the bow is doing meanwhile, in its capacity of providing an infinitude of nuance, is supremely important. Harry Partch, Genesis of a Music, page 202
As Partch's first instrument, the Adapted Viola is used heavily in many of his early mature compositions. In works such as Seventeen Lyrics by Li Po and Two Psalms the music is scored only for Adapted Viola and intoning voice.
Bamboo Marimbas [ edit ]
Boo I
Boo II
Nicknamed "Boo" and "Boo II", the Bamboo Marimbas are marimbas made of bamboo, using the concept of a tongued resonator to produce the tones.
The Boo I was first built in 1955. Some of the bamboo was replaced with larger-diameter pieces in 1963. It has a total of 64 bamboo resonators, organized into six ranks. The back ends of the tubes are sealed.
Boo II was built in 1971. It also has 64 tubes, but the tubes are open at both ends. The tongues cut into the bamboo are approximately 1/6 of the length of the tube in order to produce a harmonic at 6/5 of the fundamental.
Bass Marimba and Marimba Eroica [ edit ]
Bass Marimba
Marimba Eroica
The Bass Marimba and Marimba Eroica have more traditional linear layouts and are very low in pitch.
The Bass Marimba was first built in 1950. It has eleven bars made of Sitka spruce. The lowest bar corresponds to a piano C2. It can be played with mallets or by slapping with the pads of the fingers.
The Marimba Eroica was built in 1954. It comprises four bars of Sitka spruce on top of large resonator boxes. The lowest bar sounds at 22 Hz, approximately the F below the lowest note of a piano.
Chromelodeons [ edit ]
The Chromelodeons are pump organs modified by Partch to conform to his tonality system. Chromelodeon I was adapted in 1945 from a 73-key pump organ. Chromelodeon II was adapted in 1959 from an 88-key pump organ. Both keyboards have colored and numbered labels representing ratios of the tuning system.
Chromelodeon I
Chromelodeon II
Detail of the keyboard of a Chromelodeon
Cloud-Chamber Bowls [ edit ]
Cloud-Chamber Bowls
The Cloud-Chamber Bowls are a set of 12-US-gallon (45 L), 16-inch diameter Pyrex bowls cut from carboys, suspended in a frame. The carboys were originally sourced from the Berkeley Radiation Laboratory, where they were used in the construction of cloud chambers. It was first built in 1950.
Diamond Marimba [ edit ]
Diamond Marimba
The Diamond Marimba is a marimba with keys arranged in a physical manifestation of the 11-limit tonality diamond. Partch first built it in 1946.
Eucal Blossom [ edit ]
Eucal Blossom
Close-up of the Eucal Blossom showing tonality ratios
The Eucal Blossom is a bamboo marimba with 33 resonators in three rows of eleven, supported by a branch of eucalyptus. It was first built in 1964.
Gourd Tree and Cone Gongs [ edit ]
Gourd Tree & Cone Gongs
Twelve temple bells bolted to gourd resonators on a bar of eucalyptus, and two Douglas Aircraft bomber nosecones. First built in 1964.
Harmonic Canons [ edit ]
The Harmonic Canons (from the same root as qanún) are 44-stringed sonometer instruments with complex systems of movable bridges that were mostly positioned by Partch on harmonic nodal positions to get a just intoned harmonic relation between the left and right string part. They are tuned differently depending on the piece, and are played with fingers or picks, or in some cases, unique mallets.
Harmonic Canon I (1945), II (1953), III (1965).
Castor & Pollux (Harmonic Canon II)
Blue Rainbow (Harmonic Canon III)
Harmonic Canon
Kitharas [ edit ]
Named after their inspiration, the Greek kithara, the Kitharas are 71-by-43-inch (180 cm × 110 cm) upright 72-stringed instruments, tuned by sliding pyrex rods underneath the strings, and played with fingers or a variety of plectra.
The Kithara I was first built in 1938, and restored in 1972. The Surrogate Kithara was built in 1953, and the Kithara II in 1954.
New Kithara I
Kithara II
Surrogate Kithara
Mazda Marimba [ edit ]
Mazda Marimba
The Mazda Marimba is made of Mazda light bulbs and named after the Zoroastrian god Ahura Mazda.
Quadrangularis Reversum [ edit ]
Quadrangularis Reversum
Partch built the Quadrangularis Reversum in 1965, about twenty years after the Diamond Marimba. The central section's 36 African padauk blocks are an upside-down, mirrored version of the Diamond Marimba—hence Reversum. This reverse possibility was shown to Partch by Erv Wilson who helped with its construction. To the left and right are sets of ten alto-register blocks. Bamboo resonators are under the blocks. Partch's initial plan, abandoned due to cost, was to use square bamboo (C. quadrangularis) for the resonators—hence the first part of the instrument's name. The curved uprights are eucalyptus, and the bar across the top is intended to evoke a torii. The instrument is quite large at 103 inches (2.6 m) across the top and 79 inches (2.0 m) tall.
Spoils of War [ edit ]
Spoils of War
The Spoils of War are a collection of several instruments, including more Cloud Chamber Bowls, artillery shell casings, metal "whang-guns", a Pernambuco wood block, and a gourd. First built in 1950.
The Zymo-Xyl is an oak-block xylophone augmented with tuned liquor and wine bottles, Ford hubcaps, and an aluminum ketchup bottle. The name is from the Greek zymo- for "fermentation", and xylo- or xyl- for "wood". First built in 1963.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
By John Archibald and Kyle Whitmire
The issue is not about UAB football. It is about connections. And money.
We wrote this week about business and personal ties between UAB Senior Vice President Shirley Salloway Kahn and Theresa Harper Bruno, that Bruno was brought in and paid mightily to help in the spin surrounding Ray Watts' decision to shut down football.
But she wasn't brought in just for the football fiasco. If we gave that implication, we gave the wrong one.
Bruno's role at UAB is much broader than that, and her work -- and pay -- far pre-dates the collapse of football.
These are the facts:
In the last four and a half years, Bruno was paid about $1.2 million as a consultant for UAB. This does not include money paid to her media company, Thesis Media & Consulting LLC, which created ads and bought time for UAB ad campaigns.
The $1.2 million was largely for consulting and other services provided at Alys Stephens Performing Arts Center, where she served in various capacities. The center's website lists Bruno as both the chairman of the board and the acting executive director. Although she is not an actual employee of UAB, Bruno is paid an $18,750 monthly retainer for work that includes "setting the direction" of the ASC.
The center even lists an "executive assistant to Theresa Bruno," who is paid modestly by UAB.
Throughout her time at UAB, Bruno has worked directly under her friend, Kahn, who as UAB vice president has overseen the Alys Stephens Center.
Bruno and Kahn are also in business together outside the university. The two opened Jordan Alexander, a jewelry store in Mountain Brook and leased space from Kahn Properties.
Bruno has said the store is named after the oldest sons of Bruno and her business partner. Bruno has a son named Jordan -- a former ticket sales rep at Alys Stephens Center. Kahn has a son named Alexander.
Kahn has not listed the business on her statement of economic interest filed with the Alabama Ethics Commission. State employees are required to disclose such interests under Alabama's ethics laws if ownership is more than 5 percent.
To kick off the Campaign for UAB: Theresa Bruno, Shirley Salloway Kahn, Mike Warren, Protective Life CEO Johnny Johns and UAB President Ray Watts (UAB photo)
Another Alys Stephens employee -- marketing consultant Anna Tucker -- also works for Thesis Media, another Bruno company with ties to UAB.
When registering its Internet domain last August, Thesis Media -- which still has no website -- listed Bruno as the registrant and an email address for a jcheatwood. Joel Cheatwood is listed on jewelry store fliers as manager of Jordan Alexander. According to his Facebook page, Cheatwood is a former employee of the Alys Stephens Center.
Last spring, Dale Turnbough retired as the associate vice president over public relations and marketing at UAB, a position under Kahn. Bruno -- Kahn's business associate -- was asked to fill Turnbough's position temporarily, and was paid an additional $10,000 a month for the job.
That brought her total consultant pay from UAB to $28,750 per month. She continues to serve in that role because, as a UAB spokesman put it, "the position has not been filled as quickly as anticipated."
Bruno incorporated Thesis in June of last year.
Also in June -- not long after Bruno took on her new role in the marketing department -- UAB notified BLR Further, the company that had provided its marketing services and created the "Knowledge That Will Change Your World" campaign, that it would not be retained. BLR Further's last day was September 30, 2014.
On Oct. 9, 2014, UAB signed a contract with Bruno's own Thesis Media. Bruno came in, the old marketing company was fired, and Bruno's was hired.
UAB spokesman Jim Bakken said no request for proposals was issued when Thesis Media was hired.
"Thesis Media was hired to do media placement and production at a discounted fee agreement under a short-term contract as a stop-gap measure with the approval of the UAB Executive Cabinet," he said.
The short-term contract lasts for two years. And the rate will pay Thesis up to $2 million in total billings. The company so far has been paid more than $723,000 since October, although much of it went for ad purchases, and not directly into Bruno's pocket.
On Sept. 29 of last year, UAB President Ray Watts made Kahn senior vice president over development, alumni and marketing, in a signed letter that added the promotion was "In recognition of your extraordinary performance."
Both Kahn and Bruno served on the presidential search committee that recommended hiring Watts.
In short, Bruno is being paid by UAB (under the direction of her friend and business associate) to work at least three jobs -- to guide Alys Stephens, run the UAB marketing department, and place and produce ads and media through an outside company.
And she still runs a jewelry store.
As UAB's magazine put it last year -- after she had been hired in the "temporary" marketing role -- "these days, when she is not traveling to promote her furniture and jewelry, she is active in supporting and promoting UAB's Alys Robinson Stephens Performing Arts Center. She is chair of the ASC Corporate Board and says getting to meet some of the artists who have come to perform at the ASC has been a joy."
"It's like I got the best gift in the world," she told the magazine.
Foursquare's long-term monetization strategy relies on offering other businesses large quantities of user data, so it's perhaps not surprising that the company has partnered with Deezer today to incentivize its users to check-in more at live music concerts.
Foursquare users in Brazil, Mexico, UK, Ireland, Indonesia, France, Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg, Spain, Italy, Germany, Australia, New Zealand and Poland are being offered a 3-month Deezer Premium+ subscription once they check in at seven different gigs.
These are split into three different tiers; one check-in for level one, three for level two and seven for level three, offering some form of progression and a gentle reminder for users who see their favorite bands and artists rather infrequently.
Over 15,000 venues are supporting the scheme but once users have completed their check-ins, they're then also required to like the Deezer page on Foursquare to be in the running for a Premium+ subscription.
Foursquare is focused on growing revenue
The partnership points to a much wider play from Foursquare to incentivize check-ins at events. It's fair to say that the majority of check-ins occur at businesses where live or limited period events aren't occurring; a nearby coffee shop, the local pub or a tourist attraction somewhere in the city.
Foursquare added events into the mix in December 2012, giving business a new way to leverage the location-based social network. It meant that users could check-in for both simultaneously, such as a specific film being shown at an iMax theatre, giving greater detail for what they're up to.
The idea is that these events would stimulate further check-ins from the user's friends, who might also be interested in the same event, as well as future check-ins from users who become fans and start montioring the businesses upcoming event listings.
The company then partnered with Voice Media Group in January to integrate the content provider's Voice Places event data into its service. It was another sign that Foursquare was moving away from its aging image as a social check-in game and strengthening its position as a location-based recommendation service.
Deezer is in-tune with music fans
Deezer benefits from today's partnership too, as it incentivizes subscription renewals and also gives its on-demand music streaming service some extra exposure. With an ever-growing number of rivals such as Spotify, Rdio, Xbox Music, Sony Music Unlimited and Google Play Music All Access coming forward, it's paramount that the company stays at the front of the pack.
Associating itself with live music concerts is a great way to improve its image and also reach out to gig-goers who may not have even tried an on-demand streaming service before. The company revealed that it had 4 million Premium+ subscribers in May this year, some impressive growth given that it's still yet to launch in the United States.
Image Credit: Matt Cardy/Getty Images
Read next: SanDisk boosts its enterprise footprint with $307m cash acquisition of SSD developer Smart Storage Systems
150 scientists from around the World have condemned the retraction of French scientist Gilles-Eric Séralini's study on GM Maize and Roundup, as a bow to commercial interests.
The number of scientists and experts condemning a journal editor's retraction of a study that found serious health effects in rats that ate a Monsanto genetically modified (GM) maize and Roundup herbicide has climbed to 150.
The editor of the Elsevier journal Food and Chemical Toxicology (FCT), Dr A. Wallace Hayes, claimed he retracted the study by Prof Gilles-Eric Séralini's team because some of its findings are “inconclusive”. This rationale was widely derided by scientists, who pointed out that many studies contain inconclusive findings.
The retraction came just months after the arrival of a former Monsanto scientist on the editorial board of FCT.
One signatory of the petition opposing the retraction is Dr Mohamed Habib, Professor of Entomology at the University of Campinas, Brazil. He said the retraction was an indication of how economic interests have influenced scientific journals. Prof Habib said, “It is a criminal attitude. Truth and ethical values have to be considered as more important than money. The article must be reinstated.”
Three researchers writing in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives criticised the retraction as “a significant and destructive shift in management of the publication of controversial scientific research”.
A former member of the editorial board of FCT, Marcel Roberfroid, condemned the retraction in a letter to the editor of the journal, saying, “Your decision, which can be interpreted as a will to eliminate scientific information that does not help to support industrial interests is, in my view, unacceptable.”
In a separate initiative, over 1200 scientists have pledged to boycott Elsevier over the retraction.
Ethics watchdog powerless to intervene
Critics of the retraction have said that it violates the guidelines of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE), of which FCT is a member. FCT editor Hayes, on the other hand, claimed that COPE guidelines supported his decision to retract the paper.
COPE has responded to a complaint from Prof GE Séralini about the retraction with an admission that it is powerless to investigate or make a judgment on the dispute, saying that the decision on how COPE guidelines are interpreted “lies with the editor and publisher”.
Claire Robinson, coordinator of endsciencecensorship.org, called COPE's response “disappointing”. She said, “This shows the limitations of voluntary guidelines in cases of unethical or unscientific behaviour on the part of editors of scientific journals. Nothing can be enforced, so editors have ‘carte blanche' to play fast and loose with scientists' research and reputations.
“In the interests of not misleading scientists who submit papers to the journal, FCT should resign from COPE, since the editor's actions are incompatible with the COPE guidelines.”
Retraction Watch accused Hayes of doing a “verbal dance” around the COPE guidelines to try to justify his decision. Retraction Watch concluded, “Claiming COPE guidelines somehow support the decision doesn't seem valid”.
Industry uses retraction to push release of GM eggplant
The retraction is already being used by GM industry lobby group ISAAA to push for the release of a GM pesticide-containing eggplant in the Philippines. Last year seven expert witnesses tried but failed to rebut the Séralini study in a court of law. The court subsequently banned field trials of the GM eggplant, which was developed by a Monsanto subsidiary, to protect health and the environment. Following the retraction, ISAAA wants the ban on the eggplant to be overturned.
Claire Robinson said, “It seems that the editor of FCT, Dr Hayes, effectively did the job for the GM and agrochemical industry that the expert witnesses failed to do. The witnesses couldn't demolish the study through scientific argument, so it had to be removed from the record. That is what Séralini's critics told Hayes to do, and he obliged.”
Religiosity can moderate genetic effects on alcohol use problem during adolescence, says a new study.
The heriditory of an alcohol-related phenotype (measurable and/or observable traits or behaviours) depends upon the social environment within which it is measured, such as urbanicity, marital status, or religiosity.
"People with a religious background may be less likely to express alcohol-related phenotypes than those from nonreligious backgrounds. Furthermore, the influence of genes on these phenotypes also varies according to social background. We also know that genes play a more important role in alcohol-related phenotypes in people from urban backgrounds, unmarried women, and nonreligious individuals than those from rural backgrounds, married women, or those with a religious upbringing," says Tanya MM Button, a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Colorado at Boulder and corresponding author for the study.
Button and her colleagues examined 1,432 twin pairs: categorized as identical or monozygotic (MZ) if they had similar physical characteristics and were concordant on all markers; and fraternal or dizygotic (DZ) if they presented with dissimilar physical characteristics and were discordant on any of the markers.
"Our study showed that genetic factors could influence problem alcohol use more in nonreligious adolescents than adolescents with a greater religious outlook," said Button.
"Thus, adolescents who are raised to value religious concepts are less likely to develop problems with alcohol use, even in the presence of a genetic predisposition for doing so," she concluded.
Results will be published in the September 2010 issue of Alcoholism: Clinical & Experimental Research and are currently available at Early View.
He has a highway, public buildings, awards and three elementary schools named after him.
Now the late Lincoln Alexander — Canada's first black MP and federal cabinet minister, not to mention Ontario lieutenant-governor — has his own day.
Ontario MPPs unanimously approved a private member's bill Thursday afternoon from Wellington-Halton Hills Progressive Conservative MPP Ted Arnott to designate Jan. 21 as Lincoln Alexander Day across Ontario.
The bill was co-sponsored by Hamilton East-Stoney Creek New Democrat MPP Paul Miller and Scarborough-Rouge Liberal MPP Bas Balkissoon.
Related Content Lincoln Alexander dies at 90
Several MPPs — including Liberal cabinet minister Ted McMeekin, Burlington Progressive Conservative MPP Jane McKenna and Halton Progressive Conservative MPP Ted Chudleigh — spoke in favour of the bill during the one-hour debate, and Miller took note of the non-partisan support.
Alexander's widow Marni Beal and Rosemary Sadlier, president of the Ontario Black History Society, were in the legislature to watch the proceedings.
"We are very proud of Lincoln Alexander in Hamilton," said Miller, who recalls meeting him and being put at ease by Alexander's request to just call him Linc. "I'm thrilled all three parties came together on this. It's a good thing to do, and it certainly honours a man that is more than deserving of this special day."
Arnott, who came up with the idea because of Alexander's longtime service as chancellor of Guelph University, also applauded the unity on the bill. He recalled the time Alexander paid a visit to a settlement founded by former slaves in his riding in 2008 and got both of them laughing when he laid eyes on the MPP and commented, "They told me there would be some big shots here."
"Today, the Ontario legislature speaks with one voice and we say to the Honourable Lincoln MacCauley Alexander, well done," Arnott said.
Beal called the proclamation "fabulous" and said she had been working for the last year to have her husband honoured. She believed it provides a wonderful opportunity for educators.
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Last week, the highly-anticipated report from House Republicans on the September 11th, 2012 terrorist attacks in Benghazi, Libya was released.
There has been subsequent outcry from various corners of the political punditry criticizing Republicans for spending millions of dollars trying and failing to ensnare Democratic presumptive frontrunner Hillary Rodham Clinton in scandal. When Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R-WI) announced he wanted FBI Director James Comey to testify before the committee, he was accused of continuing a purely political witch hunt at the taxpayers' expense, but Ryan told reporters this morning he's worked out a plan to pay for keeping the Benghazi investigation going "forever, and ever, amen."
"This investigation is like a giant cable knit sweater that someone just keeps knitting, and knitting, and knitting, and knitting," Ryan told reporters at a Monday morning press conference. "And just like when you unravel a sweater, what we have after spending more than $7 million this last time is a big ol' pile of nothing."
Mr. Ryan said he is sympathetic to calls from the public to not waste any more taxpayer money on Benghazi, but said he believes he's found "the perfect and final solution" to paying for the investigations -- gutting Social Security.
"Will some seniors die if they don't have access to medicine and food," Ryan asked rhetorically, "sure. But I can't help but shrug a little bit. Because you know what's most important in Americans' lives now? De-legitimizing a political candidate, that's what. It's not the economy, the War on Drugs, or systemic racism or gun violence. It's focusing the entire might of one-half of one-third of the federal government on making sure Hillary Clinton doesn't become president."
Ryan says that "sacrificing a few Oldie McOldOlds to the pyre" will be worth it if it keeps Clinton out of office.
"But make no mistake," Ryan said, "this isn't some witch hunt focused solely on one person, Hillary Clinton. We are hoping to bring down the entire Democratic Party with this investigation, and frankly we'd go to these extremes for any Democrat."
It would take "just a 90% cut" to Social Security, Ryan says, to ensure that Congress would always have the funds necessary to keep investigating Benghazi long, long into the future.
"Some have suggested we won't stop this investigation until Hillary dies," Ryan said, "but if you think a little something like mortality is going to keep us from finally convicting Hillary Clinton of the crimes we believe she committed in our heads, then you don't have the modern day Republican Party, do you?"
Reached for comment, Republican frontrunner and alleged billionaire Donald J. Trump said he'd "absolutely friggin' cut the fuck outta" Social Security to fund the Benghazi investigation "in purple-tootery."
Thousands of anti-government protesters marched in Malaysia's capital demanding the resignation of Prime Minister Najib Razak over his alleged involvement in a multibillion-dollar corruption scandal.
Clad in yellow shirts and unfazed by arrests of activists and opposition leaders, protesters marched on Saturday from various spots towards downtown Lumpur amid tight security.
Najib, who is attending an Asia-Pacific summit in Lima, Peru, has kept an iron grip since corruption allegations emerged two years ago involving the indebted 1MDB state fund that he founded. 1MDB is at the centre of investigations in the United States and several other countries.
The US Justice Department said that at least $3.5bn had been stolen from 1MDB by people close to Najib and initiated action in July to seize $1.3bn it said was taken from the fund to buy assets in the US.
The US government complaints also said that more than $700m had landed in the accounts of "Malaysian Official 1". They did not name the official, but appear to be referring to Najib.
Some were chanting "Save Democracy" and "Bersih, Bersih" - the name of the electoral reform group that organised the rally. The name means "clean" in the Malay language.
READ MORE: Hundreds of Malaysian protesters call for 1MDB arrest
Bersih said on Twitter that police raided its office on Friday and arrested its chairwoman Maria Chin and another official Mandeep Singh.
It said at least seven others including several politicians were also held. It said police confiscated laptops, mobile phones and bank statements.
"Despite the authorities' desperate measures to stop us, [the rally] will go on," the group tweeted.
Another Bersih official, Mandeep Singh, and 12 others including several politicians were also arrested, mostly in connection with the rally and to prevent rioting, the police said.
"The reason why people are on the streets is not just about asking him [Najib] to resign, but it is also about changing the system," Azmi Sharom, a law professor at the University of Malaysia, told Al Jazeera.
"The ruling party can win less popular votes and yet win the large majority in the house, so it's a serious systematic problem that needs to be changed and this is why most of the people are out on streets today."
'Heavy-handed'
The protesters gathered around the Independent Square, the main venue that was locked down by police. A smaller group of red-shirt pro-government supporters held a counter-rally.
Najib, who has denied any wrongdoing, said he won't be cowed by the rallies.
In a statement on his blog, Najib called Bersih "deceitful" and said the group has become a tool for opposition parties to unseat a democratically elected government.
"We want to see Malaysia more developed and not robbed of billions of ringgit," said Wan Aisyah Wan Ariffin, an opposition supporter.
READ MORE: US goes after $1bn in assets from Malaysia\'s 1MD
A rally that Bersih organised in August 2015 demanding Najib's resignation brought together 50,000 people, according to police estimates. Bersih said the number was much higher.
British-based rights group Amnesty International slammed the crackdown and called for the immediate release of the Bersih activists, describing them as prisoners of conscience.
"Can protests change anything? We don't know because that would require a huge move on the part of the election commission, it would need a parliament to agree on something, so it's a bit of a long shot," Sharom told Al Jazeera.
"But I think people are angry, they feel the desire, the need to express themselves and hopefully this would push and gather momentum and perhaps in the next elections something positive can come out of it."
Over the years there has been a lot of frustration about the lack of Replay boards. The main issue was the lack of quality control on components from China which caused a lot of rework effort. In retrospect, we should probably have thrown these away and built new ones….
I've been working with some contacts and have now learned enough to get them manufactured and shipped in volume. While the current Spartan3E based Replay board is quite capable of running anything we can throw at it, it's getting harder to source components and the FPGA is not supported by the new Xilinx toolchain, so after a lot of discussion we've decided to move ahead and make Replay2.
Xilinx have been rather late producing the Spartan7 FPGA I've been waiting for, and other solutions such as the DE-10 SOC board are already shipping in volume at an amazing price. So why bother?
Well, I prefer to have a complete solution which has all the bits on we need, including decent quality analog outputs. I've used embedded Linux on FPGAs before, but I've gone for a lightweight solution here with a separate ARM. This is pretty cost effective and means the system is easier to get to grips with from both the software and core perspective. It also gives, in my view, a more uniform look and feel to the system across the cores.
The current replay board is still supported – all the board specific stuff is currently abstracted in the Replay support library, and this will be enhanced to support the additional PHYs and DRAM. We've kept the DDR1 memory as well so we can immediately run up the current cores (and focus on porting others)
It's currently being prototyped and the design is in PCB layout. I hope we will see it towards the end of the year.
/MikeJ
Getty Images
Update: 9:08pm Kendrick Lamar released "King Kunta" on Vevo.
Kendrick Lamar sure knows how to make a splash and on Wednesday (April 1), the TDE MC proved it by unveiling the music video for “King Kunta” in the middle of Times Square, in New York.
The clip premiered on the Beats billboard at the Marriott Marquis Hotel on 46th Street and Broadway. Beats organized the premiere and fans who gathered to watch it were able to hear the song thanks to a Beats Pill speaker that was set up on the sidewalk.
The video features Kendrick going through Compton, with some parts of the clip filmed at the famed Compton Swap Meet. And yes, it also includes a K. Dizzle dance, a bit different from the one that first appeared in the music video for "i." Yep, the TDE MC is still in a dancing mood. And why not? Let the King dance.
Those who weren't there for the premiere on the streets of New York will have to wait for the video to eventually hit the web or you can catch this sneak peek.
This isn't the first time K. Dot's hit the streets to promote his LP.
In fact, the premiere comes about a week after Lamar stopped traffic in L.A. with a moving concert through one of the city's busiest boulevards.
Before surprising New York and Los Angeles with show stopping events, Lamar shocked the world when he released his latest album To Pimp A Butterfly a week before it was scheduled to drop.
The album quickly became a critical and commercial success, but it was also a personal triumph for Kendrick, who battled suicidal thoughts and survivor's guilt on the project, issues the MC recently shed light on during an in-depth interview with MTV News.
Ketchup and catsup are condiments usually made with ripened tomatoes. The term "ketchup" is more popular in most countries. The ingredients used — tomatoes, sugar, salt , vinegar, cinnamon, etc. — are pretty much the same in both ketchup and catsup.
Origin of Word
Both words are derived from the Chinese ke-tsiap, a pickled fish sauce. It made its way to Malaysia where it became kechap and ketjap in Indonesia. Catsup and katchup are acceptable spellings used interchangeably with ketchup, however, ketchup is the way it is popularly used today. "Catsup", which dates to the same time, may well be a different Romanization of the same word, trying to come closer to a sound that doesn't really exist in English.
In the 1800s, "ketchup" was most common in Britain and "catsup" was most common in the US for reasons unknown. The two words never really canceled each other out because in their formative years, there weren't spelling dictionaries choosing a "correct" version of words. (Many Americans pronounced "catsup" the same as "ketchup" in any case.) Today, "ketchup" is the dominant term in both countries.
There was a sudden interest in the difference between catsup and ketchup after an episode of popular TV series Mad Men featured a (fictional) pitch to ketchup company Heinz. Journalists and bloggers dug around to find the history and Slate reported that:
According to a Heinz spokesperson, Henry John Heinz first brought his product to market as “Heinz Tomato Catsup,” but changed the spelling early on to distinguish it from competitors. Del Monte did not switch spellings until 1988, after it became clear that ketchup was the spelling of choice for American consumers. Hunt's switched the name of their product from catsup to ketchup significantly earlier.
History
Seventeenth century English sailors first discovered the delights of the "sauce", a Chinese condiment and brought it to the West. Ketchup was first mentioned in print around 1690. The Chinese version is actually more akin to a soy or Worcestershire sauce.
It gradually went through various changes, particularly with the addition of tomatoes in the 1700s. By the nineteenth century, ketchup was also known as tomato soy. Early tomato versions were much thinner with a consistency more like a soy or Worcestershire sauce. F. & J. Heinz Company began selling tomato ketchup in 1876. By the end of the nineteenth century, tomato ketchup was the primary type of ketchup in the United States, and the descriptor of tomato was gradually dropped.
Ingredients
The basic ingredients in modern ketchup are tomatoes, vinegar, sugar, salt, allspice, cloves, and cinnamon. Onions, celery, and other vegetables are frequent additions. Catsup may be made of tomatoes, onions, cayenne, sugar, white vinegar, cloves, cinnamon, celery seed and salt. So the two do not differ much in their ingredients. But different manufacturers may use different ingredients for the two. Sometimes Catsup may be more spicy than Ketchup.
Price
Prices for catsup and ketchup vary by brand and are roughly the same. Here are some bestsellers:
References
Chris Woakes played the first three matches of the series against Australia © Getty Images
Chris Woakes will miss the final two matches of the ODI series against Australia due to a thigh problem. The allrounder, who has had a season disrupted by injury, is expected to be fit for the start of England's tour of the UAE.
Woakes played the first three ODIs, without picking up a wicket, having previously appeared for England at the World Cup. His last Test appearance came against India in 2014.
An England statement on Twitter said: "Chris Woakes has been ruled out of the final two Royal London ODIs against Australia with a right thigh injury. He is expected to be available for selection for the Test series against Pakistan.''
It has been a frustrating year for Woakes, who had become a consistent member of the one-day side and featured in all of England's World Cup games until a metatarsal stress reaction ruled him out of the final match. He then suffered a knee problem that required surgery, meaning he missed England's tour of the West Indies and played no part in the Ashes.
England are expected to name their squads to play three Tests, four ODIs and three T20s against Pakistan in October and November next week. In the short term, Woakes' injury means Mark Wood, David Willey and Reece Topley will come into contention for the fourth ODI at Headingley on Friday.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
And here is how: Manning signed a new contract right after the lockout. The Colts must decide by March 9 — four days before the start of the 2012 league year — whether to pick up his $28 million option bonus, which is payable in $14 million installments on March 15 of 2013 and 2014. His base salary for 2012 is $7.4 million, meaning the Colts would owe him $35.4 million next year after paying him $26.4 million in 2011 while he sat on the sideline.
Unless the option date is pushed back, the Colts will have to commit to the $28 million payment before the trading period opens March 13 and perhaps before they know if Manning is 100% healthy. The alternative to committing to the option is cutting Manning.
It's not realistic for the Colts to exercise the option and be responsible for the $28 million payment and then trade Manning. If the Colts are in a position to trade Manning , his age and injury history should keep the asking price reasonable.
In a column this past March, before the severity of Manning's neck problems was known, I suggested that the Jets sign him if the new labor deal eliminated the franchise tag the Colts had put on him. The tag remained and Manning signed a new long-term deal.
A season later, as long as Manning's neck checks out, the Jets' acquisition of him would allow Sanchez to work on the parts of his game that need major refinement – his accuracy and decision-making.
If Manning suffers a setback or is reinjured, the Jets could give the job back to Sanchez, who would provide valuable insurance.
Sanchez's ego would take a major hit, but he was handed one of the premier jobs in the NFL after just 16 college starts and hasn't earned the right for this to be a lifetime appointment.
Sanchez is due $8.5 million in 2012 in the fourth year of his five-year deal. I can't see any team investing huge dollars in Manning because of concerns about his neck. There's enough flexibility in the way teams structure contracts that the Jets could find a way to fit Manning and Sanchez under the salary cap.
And there was one. When Wayne Rooney decamped to Everton, ready to see if he can get a staff discount on pajamas in the club shop, Michael Carrick was left alone. Rooney's replacement as Manchester United captain is now the sole survivor of their 2008 Champions League win, the last remaining hero of Moscow.
He is the throwback to the golden days. Perhaps a man who keeps the ball with a craftsman's precision is now the keeper of the flame. An often unassuming figure could be conferred with the position of role model, the example that the "Theatre of Dreams" is not merely a slogan, but a place where ambitions can be realised.
There are a couple of pictures from the pivotal moment in Moscow, when Edwin van der Sar saved Nicolas Anelka's penalty in the shootout and his teammates, who had been lined up in the centre circle, sprinted toward the goalkeeper. Rio Ferdinand, Owen Hargreaves and Anderson were the quickest off the mark, Patrice Evra starting to rival them in a race. Carrick is in the rear, partly camouflaged by others. He was slower off the mark but he has lasted the distance.
Viewed nine years on, it feels fitting. Recognition has been delayed. There were so many senior figures that, until the past three years, Carrick could blend into the background. Others were not just the faces of United, but the symbols of loyalty and longevity. Now that mantle has passed to him.
Now he seems an anachronism, a man who arrived the summer Ruud van Nistelrooy left and is now the only footballer remaining who can testify what it was like to line up alongside Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portuguese and Carlos Tevez were the first to depart, going in 2009; 2014 brought the greatest exodus of the conquerors of Europe as Nemanja Vidic, Ferdinand and Evra took their leave and Ryan Giggs ended his playing career. Since 2015, it has been just Rooney and Carrick.
It is worth noting that six of the 14 men who took the field for United in Moscow are younger than Carrick, but he has sustained standards in a way that means only he and Ronaldo have never left the ranks of the elite clubs in the intervening period. Carrick is four years older than Rooney but acquitted himself better under Jose Mourinho.
Rooney has been reinvented and has tried to rebrand himself. He has been striker and midfielder, winger and No. 10, but Carrick has remained broadly similar. He has stayed an upright figure at the base of the midfield, picking passes with quiet expertise, a timeless, tattoo-less figure; even his hairstyle has stayed the same. He has been a constant in a changing world. He has been there when United were Europe's most formidable side and when they were only England's seventh best. He has lived through the age of austerity into the era of outlandish spending. He was an integral part of Sir Alex Ferguson's side and has adapted to a phase where he has had to prove himself to a series of new managers.
Following Wayne Rooney's exit, Michael Carrick is the sole survivor from Manchester United's 2008 triumph in Moscow.
He remained through the strange stasis when Ferguson refused to buy senior central midfielders and retained his influence as the Scot's successors signed a series of them. He saw off the challenge of the more athletic Morgan Schneiderlin. He outlasted Bastian Schweinsteiger, a younger man with a greater CV and more talent, who might have pensioned him off. Another holding midfielder -- perhaps Nemanja Matic, Eric Dier or someone else -- is set to be signed this summer, again charged with being Carrick's long-term replacement.
This time, perhaps, they may succeed. Carrick turns 37 next summer. Even one whose game relies so little on speed and so much on technique and understanding may struggle to secure another deal. His recent contract renewals have been delayed until summer.
Yet his staying power is remarkable. He seems part of the scenery but the former United manager Ron Atkinson wrote in his recent book "The Manager": "Fergie was a hair's breadth from getting rid of him when he allowed Barcelona to run wild in the 2009 Champions League final."
Eight years on, it underlines what a feat it is to survive in a ruthless environment. Carrick is beginning his 12th season in the first-team squad of a super club. Some manage it after coming through the youth system, but rather fewer when developed elsewhere. It places him alongside former teammates like Rooney and Ferdinand, predecessors including Roy Keane and Bryan Robson, and a select few counterparts elsewhere, such as Alessandro Del Piero and Frank Lampard, in a select company.
At Old Trafford, Carrick is the link with the past and, in some ways, a figure from it. He is the more understated antidote to exuberant characters like Paul Pogba and Romelu Lukaku. He belonged to a time when there were fewer flamboyant figures; that, seemingly, was how Ferguson preferred it. But while he has spanned generations, he is a strolling reminder that the glory days will soon be distanced. The last Champions League winner serves as a reminder that the new United need to make the same sort of history. If not, the sight of Carrick will make them more nostalgic for the triumph of 2008.
Richard Jolly covers the Premier League and Champions League for ESPN FC. Twitter: @RichJolly.
Plus: Is he more excited about his work in 'Star Wars' or 'Avengers'?
Caesar didn't want war — but that's what he's going to get in the next Planet of the Apes film.
Director Matt Reeves is currently plotting the follow-up to Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, and says it'll be painful for Caesar (Andy Serkis).
"What we are hoping to do in this next story is to cement Caesar's position in Ape history. To make him a mythic character, almost like Moses," Reeves tells The Hollywood Reporter. "It's going to press into some very painful emotional places for him."
Read more 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' Writers on Sequel Plans
Dawn was a critical and commercial success, earning $707.50 million worldwide. It could even see Serkis become the first actor to earn an Oscar nomination for a motion capture performance.
"The ape community has fallen apart. There's potential war," Serkis says of what he expects for the threquel. "He's going to have to lead the apes in darker times. I think it's going to be very powerful."
Serkis adds that he and Reeves will be meeting for the first time to discuss the third film in depth Monday night. On his Oscar chances, Serkis says while it's "lovely to be considered," what's even more important is that the Academy and other awarding bodies recognize performance capture is "no less than conventional acting."
"You are climbing into a role, losing yourself in a role, playing it to its fullest extent," Serkis says. "The fact that you are not wearing a costume is the only difference. Then that performance is manifested on screen by visual effects. But it is not enhanced, it is not changed. It's just acting."
See more 10 Highest Grossing Movie Sequels
As if Serkis' involvement in Planet of the Apes, The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit franchises weren't enough to make him a true fanboy icon, he's also got mystery roles in the upcoming Star Wars: The Force Awakens and Avengers: Age of Ultron. Fans are speculating he'll play Black Panther villain Ulysses Klaw in Ultron, but Serkis isn't giving anything away.
Which film is he more excited about?
"That's impossible to say. I'm thrilled about both," he says with a smile. "It was such a pleasure to be a part of both of them, and not just as an actor, but also helping with the performance capture with my company The Imaginarium."
Toby Kebbell, who was a standout as Koba, the ape who betrays Caesar, says he is hoping to return for the third film — possibly as Koba, though he appeared to die at the end of Dawn.
See more Hollywood's 100 Favorite Films
"I am hoping there is a way to resurrect Koba," says Kebbell. "If not, I would love to come back to do performance capture on other characters."
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes gets its Blu-ray/DVD release Dec. 2. It's available on Digital HD Tuesday.
Email: Aaron.Couch@THR.com
Twitter: @AaronCouch
Mar 28, 2016; New Orleans, LA, USA; New York Knicks forward Carmelo Anthony (7) reacts against the New Orleans Pelicans during the second half of a game at the Smoothie King Center. The Pelicans defeated the Knicks 99-91. Mandatory Credit: Derick E. Hingle-USA TODAY Sports
Carmelo Anthony has an uncanny ability to maintain transparency with the general population. This time around, the New York Knicks star took to Twitter to voice his opinion on the fans.
Carmelo Anthony and the New York Knicks are engaged in a long-term relationship. Anthony is closing in on completing the second season of his five-year contract, which means New York has at least two more guaranteed years with ‘Melo before his player option for 2018-19 comes into play.
Anthony took to Twitter to thank the Knicks fans who haven't turned their back on their beloved franchise—or the star who represents it.
S/o to the @nyknicks fans who have been supporting us since day 1…and never looked back. #ThankYou #StayMe7o pic.twitter.com/QD48onPgWf — Carmelo Anthony (@carmeloanthony) March 31, 2016
It's becoming increasingly more difficult to view Anthony as anything but a blessing for the Knicks.
The losses have been coming with more consistency than the wins, but that's not the only point of emphasis. Anthony has selflessly embraced the task of mentoring the player, Kristaps Porzingis, who will one day replace him as the face of the franchise.
That may seem like a given responsibility of the franchise player, but it takes a special individual to embrace such a challenge in the manner Anthony has.
Furthermore, Anthony went out of his way to request fewer minutes in order to get the younger players more playing time. He did so after New York was eliminated from the playoffs, which is yet another sign that he has the organization's best interests in mind.
The least that Knicks fans can do is offer Anthony their support for as long as he's donning the orange and blue.
Anthony's selflessness is quite surprising given the gauntlet he's run on the road to optimism in New York. He's played for four head coaches, including current interim head coach Kurt Rambis, and has willingly embraced a countless number of teammates, starting lineups, and systems.
When things have gone awry, Anthony has maintained transparency with the media and fans by voicing his opinion and never biting his tongue.
Much has been said about Anthony's no-trade clause, with many hypothesizing that it should be waived. Under such circumstances, Phil Jackson would trade Anthony, thus acquiring intriguing assets, and send the 31-year-old to a team that gives him an immediate opportunity to win.
Anthony has shot down every one of those rumors, remaining loyal to the franchise and expressing his desire to remain in New York.
Anthony, who saved Syracuse Orange basketball and is now attempting to do the same for the lower region of New York, is as loyal to the fans as the true supporters are to the Knicks.
Fara Williams scored twice, including a sensational winner from the halfway line, against her former club Arsenal to earn Reading a hard-fought victory in the Women's Super League Cup at Meadow Park.
Williams scored directly from a second-half restart, immediately after Beth Mead had equalised just after the hour mark for Arsenal, who are expected to appoint Melbourne City assistant coach Joe Montemurro as their new manager this week. Williams's stunning 50-yard effort looped over the Arsenal goalkeeper Anna Moorhouse, who was well beaten. It was Williams's fifth goal in six games and ensured a third straight victory for Kelly Chambers's side in all competitions.
Women at the Game: Jacqui Forster's inspirational football mission | Suzanne Wrack Read more
“That goal shows the calibre of player Fara is,” the Reading manager said. “She has been a great addition for us and looks like she has got a new lease of life. She is scoring goals, is confident and long may it continue.”
Arsenal came close to an equaliser with the in-form Danielle Carter finding space on the right but her effort was saved by Grace Moloney while Mead also threatened again but a stubborn Reading defence stood firm.
It was a first Group One South defeat for Arsenal and meant Reading move level on points with them at the top. The next challenge for Reading will be the visit of the WSL1 leaders Chelsea next weekend, when the teams return to league action. “They are on a massive high as well, we are in a fantastic place right now and I think that we can compete with them come Sunday,” Chambers said.
Elsewhere, Liverpool eventually got the better of the WSL2 side Durham, winning 5-4 on penalties after the match ended 0-0, with the Scotland international Caroline Weir scoring the decisive spot-kick. “We're frustrated and disappointed. We shouldn't be coming to teams in lower leagues and not winning – we should set our standards a lot higher than that,” Casey Stoney, the Liverpool defender, said.
A thrilling penalty shootout also determined the outcome in Tamworth, where Aston Villa edged past Sheffield FC 11-10 on penalties to end their five-match losing run and pick up a priceless bonus point.
Brighton & Hove Albion came from behind to sweep aside the Group Two South leaders Tottenham Hotspur. Lucy Somes and Aileen Whelan responded to the home side's opener and Ini Umotong then struck a late double to complete a 4-1 rout. “We're aiming to finish in the top two in this group so today was a big game,” Umotong said. “Spurs have done so well against Bristol and Yeovil so it feels great to beat them.” Reigning champions, Manchester City, beat Everton 2-1 to move top of Group Two North. The visitors looked to have snatched a draw through Simone Magill before Nikita Parris popped up with the winning goal 10 minutes from time.
Birmingham City beat Doncaster Rovers 3-2 and London Bees lost 4-3 at home to Millwall in a seven-goal thriller at the Hive. Ashlee Hincks scored twice as Millwall came from behind to defeat the Bees for a second consecutive weekend.
On Saturday, Bristol City endured late heartbreak after Karen Carney scored Chelsea's winner from the penalty spot in second-half stoppage time. It was Carney who fell in the area in added time, under the challenge of Frankie Brown, and the England international picked herself up to send goalkeeper Caitlin Leach the wrong way from 12 yards. Eni Aluko had given the visitors the lead with her third goal in two matches, with a cool finish from close range. “The sign of a good team is one that finds a way to win, even when they are not playing at their best,” Emma Hayes, the Chelsea manager, said. Chelsea returned to the top of Group Two South on goal difference, while pointless City prop up the table.
Liberal Watchdog Group: 'Fix The Debt' Movement More Astroturf Than Grassroots
The liberal watchdog group Center for Media and Democracy says Fix the Debt — a key unit in philanthropist Pete Peterson's corps of organizations to battle the national debt — is a pro-business effort masquerading as a grassroots movement.
In a conference call with reporters Friday, CMD director Lisa Graves called Fix the Debt "an Astroturf supergroup that is exceedingly well funded." The term "Astroturf" refers to groups that appear to be citizen-organized but actually have their roots at consultants' offices inside the Capital Beltway.
A spokesman for Fix the Debt hotly denies the charge. Jon Romano said the center got some of its facts wrong, adding, "It is unfortunate that some would rather cast aspersions and misrepresent this view than engage in a constructive conversation about tackling this very real problem. Demagoguing does nothing to protect the most vulnerable."
Fix the Debt is promoting a citizens' petition, with 346,000 names. CMD, which last year used leaked documents to report on the secretive American Legislative Exchange Council, traced the corporate ties and lobbying records of Fix the Debt leaders.
Among the co-founders, co-chairs and steering committee — 13 people in all — it found six who sit on corporate boards, including GE, JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley; advisers to Goldman Sachs and the private equity firm KKR; and lobbyists for KKR, the Private Equity Growth Capital Council and U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
Fix the Debt also has two well-populated advisory groups: a CEO council with about 90 members, and a Business Leaders Council of about 40.
"They really are posturing as a grassroots movement," says Graves. "They are putting forward this notion of these business leaders not as job creators, but as problem solvers on the economy — when in fact the record shows that a lot of these companies are actively lobbying to keep tax loopholes open" and to promote other corporation-friendly policies.
CMD's analysis also appears in The Nation, in a package of stories on Peterson's long-running effort to move the national debt to the top of Washington's agenda.
One summer day in 2012, Chris DiIorio pulled up outside a home that Colorado Goldfields Inc., a mining company in Littleton, Colorado, listed as the home address of its chief financial officer, Stephen Guyer.
DiIorio — whose investigations into the penny stock market dated back six years, to when his own investment swelled up before losing $1 million in value in two months — had already determined through property records that Guyer didn't own it.
As he approached the front door, he found the shades drawn and no sign of life in the house. “It looked like the only thing active was the mailbox,” DiIorio said.
Colorado Goldfields, originally listed on the over-the-counter market as CGFIA, has traded at or below $0.01 since September 2013, making it a quintessential penny stock, one of the many DiIorio researched for years before making a formal Securities and Exchange Commission complaint about a potential wide-ranging fraud scheme.
(In an interview with The Intercept this month, Guyer said that he rented the property DiIorio visited because his association with the company wiped him out financially. “The company is in a total neutral situation,” Guyer said, citing active litigation with the former leadership.)
Like many of the penny stocks DiIorio had determined that the giant New Jersey-based financial firm Knight Capital actively traded, Colorado Goldfields stock had been placed on the Depository Trust Company's “chill list.” Public records indicate that Knight traded 8.5 billion shares of CGFIA stock in 2012 — 31 percent of the total share volume — after the stock was placed on the list in May 2011.
The chill is given to stocks for various reasons, including displaying suspicious activity.
Guyer criticized the DTC for “acting arbitrarily” in chilling Colorado Goldfields. But the chill may have been issued because the company appears never to have mined any gold or other precious metal. Indeed, its most recent annual SEC filing, in 2013, states, “We have not generated revenue from mining operations.”
Guyer acknowledged that the company was always pre-revenue, claiming that project-level funding that would allow mining to commence would always fall through right before the transactions completed.
Along with this run of bad luck, Colorado Goldfields's main activity seems to be generating press releases, announcing the acquisition of mines or approval to begin work at an existing mine. DiIorio found several of these press releases, which the company began issuing in 2007; in at least one instance, the company announced the same acquisition in separate press releases more than a year apart. (Guyer explained that “in those cases, we were announcing contracts that were entered into and weren't closed.”) Yet the press releases would lure investors into the stock and the stock price would fall, to the benefit of the stock's manipulators — and Knight Capital, according to DiIorio.
It's not uncommon for new companies, even ones publicly traded over the counter, to show no revenue for several years. After all, the majority of startup businesses fail. But not all of them embark on a frenzy of stock issuance.
Between 2008 and 2012, Colorado Goldfields authorized the issuance of an amazing 35 billion shares of stock, while the stock price moved from $3 a share on June 15, 2007, to $0.01 on April 2, 2009, staying at or below a penny for three years, despite enormous trading volumes (over 1.4 billion shares moved in just four days of trading in August 2012).
24hgold.com
Asked about the massive stock issuance, Guyer said, “There was significant trading. A lot of that came from conversion of debt.” In other words, Colorado Goldfields would pay off creditors with IOUs that they could convert into stock — and Guyer claimed a lot of the stock issued came from them. “Once put in place, those conversions go out of the company's control. As it converts, it does put downward pressure on [the stock] price.”
That's exactly the kind of behavior DiIorio suspected was taking place with Best Rate Travel, the stock whose collapse launched his personal investigation.
In August 2012, Colorado Goldfields announced a reverse split of its common shares at 1-to-5,000, just the sort of activity DiIorio had noticed in other stocks. After the reverse split, the company was issued a new nine-digit identification code, or CUSIP, and began trading as CGFI.
That aligned with another of DiIorio's claims: He suspected that Knight was “naked shorting” — or selling shares of stock it didn't have — and then once the stocks changed ID codes, Knight had no way of actually completing the transaction. As a result of the new CUSIP, Knight would as a result accumulate what are known as “aged fails” on its balance sheet.
Colorado Goldfields had a particular distinction, which is what aroused DiIorio's interest in the first place: Two of its top traders were Knight Capital and UBS, the massive Swiss bank. Knight traded 31 percent of its shares in 2012; UBS traded around 5 percent. (Guyer said he didn't recall the trading volumes of Knight or UBS.)
This correlation between Knight and UBS was not an anomaly. According to DiIorio's research, Knight and UBS were also the top two traders in 2012 in Universal Detection Technology (UNDT) (totaling 69 percent of all shares), and the top two traders in Sungro Minerals (SUGO) (totaling 51 percent). Like Colorado Goldfields, both of these companies appeared on the DTC chill list, and admitted in SEC filings that they've never generated significant revenue — but they've issued billions of shares of stock.
Photo: Paul Falardeau/Getty Images
The Canadian B.C. Securities Commission began investigating Sungro for a suspected stock scam in 2009. Canadian authorities fined three of the men involved and banned them from future trading, and the company is now defunct . The phone number listed on UNDT's annual report is no longer in service.
Knight and UBS even traded a stock called Videolocity (VCTY), though the Pink Sheets website refuses to list information about it, showing only a skull and crossbones. Videolocity, a consulting firm whose website is in Japanese (and mostly discusses cat food) despite being incorporated in Nevada, did not return a request for comment.
“It strains credulity for these two large market players [Knight and UBS] to coincidentally find themselves in bed together this many times,” DiIorio wrote to the SEC in 2013.
Knight declined to comment on its penny stock share volume. UBS spokesperson Peter Stack would only say, “UBS applies strict due diligence and anti-money-laundering standards to all its business.”
Several penny stocks Knight and UBS traded shared similar fates: rapid drops in value, followed by reverse splits that brought the stock price back up, and then more drops in value. The only thing left was to figure out how both Knight and UBS could prosper while seemingly being on opposite sides of the same trade. How could this possibly be in both of their interests?
This yo-yo would crush the investment of whichever company was on the side of the trade betting the price would go up.
DiIorio came up with a hypothesis after he read the text of an enforcement action against UBS in October 2011 taken by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or Finra, which is the security industry's self-regulatory organization. Finra had fined UBS $12 million for violations of regulations prohibiting abusive naked shorting and “failing to properly supervise short sales of securities.”
This was precisely what DiIorio had accused Knight Capital of doing. Finra discovered that UBS placed “millions” of short sale orders without locating the securities.
The SEC, in a separate action, merely called it “faulty record-keeping” and fined UBS just $8 million in a civil settlement without going to court. “They basically punted,” DiIorio said.
But finding out that UBS had been accused of the same issues with short sales that he saw in Knight gave DiIorio an idea for a theory that could explain everything.
Canadian writers, actors and women's rights advocates are joining an international boycott of the Twitter social media platform today over its handling of the Harvey Weinstein sex scandal.
The boycott started at midnight Thursday in New York and is to extend through today.
Canadian-born actor Anna Paquin welcomed any men who wish to show their support under the trending hash tag WomenBoycottTwitter.
Also, any men who wish to show their support for .<a href="https://twitter.com/rosemcgowan?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@rosemcgowan</a> and all the other victims please join <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/WomenBoycottTwitter?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#WomenBoycottTwitter</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/boycotttwitter?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#boycotttwitter</a> —@AnnaPaquin
The backlash began after actor Rose McGowan — a vocal critic who has accused "HW" of raping her — was briefly suspended for tweeting a personal phone number.
Weinstein has denied through a spokeswoman any allegations of non-consensual contact.
Harvey Weinstein, co-chairman of The Weinstein Company, appears in 2011 during an interview in New York. Weinstein faces multiple allegations of sexual abuse and harassment from some of the biggest names in Hollywood. (John Carucci/Associated Press)
Canadian television writer Emily Andras, known for the series Wyonna Earp, tweeted the boycott is about respect for women — but some critics say silence is not the way to fight abuse.
They just want a friendly chat
THE gritty small towns of the Sluknov foothills in northern Bohemia are a long way from the baroque delights of Prague. A simmering social problem is now boiling over into violent clashes between Roma (gypsies) and locals. The Czech president, Vaclav Klaus, in an interview with the newspaper Mlada fronta Dnes, has urged the police to respond “mercilessly” to the escalation, which has included narrowly foiled attempts to storm the squalid hostels in which many Roma families live.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Relations have been tense for years. Poverty, prejudice and crime fester among the 300,000-odd Roma in the Czech Republic. Governments have dodged the problem. In the 1990s European Union pressure forced the town of Usti nad Labem to pull down a wall that it had built around a Roma ghetto. Many observers complain that large sums (including EU grants) budgeted for do-gooding are wasted on consultants or irrelevant projects.
The new element is Roma retaliation. In August three Roma men used a machete to attack “whites” (as non-Roma are called in Czech) in a gambling joint. Some 20 truncheon-wielding Roma youths beat up six young white men outside a disco. A far-right political party has fanned the flames. But the main fuel is local anger over crime and migration. Property businesses have been moving Roma tenants into cheap local housing in order to sell their renovated former houses in richer parts of the country. Some 2,360 such displaced Roma have arrived in the town of Rumburk alone in the past 18 months.
The rhetoric has become incendiary. Foes of the Roma call them “unadaptables”. Many want them confined in walled ghettos, a growing practice in Slovakia—where a far-right politician, Jan Slota, has said that the Roma should have a separate state (he didn't say where). Harsh words are reminding some of Nazi persecution of Jews and Roma—and of Czech wartime collaboration with it.
Although overtly neo-Nazi parties are illegal, even respectable Czech politicians flirt with anti-Roma sentiment. A former deputy prime minister, Jiri Cunek, began his career in local politics by moving Roma families from a town centre into shipping containers on its outskirts. TOP 09, a junior partner in the Czech coalition, has boycotted cabinet sessions to demand the firing of Ladislav Batora, an education-ministry adviser with lurid anti-Roma views. (He has now been moved to another post.)
Mr Batora is a protégé of Mr Klaus, who likes to lambast political correctness and has a penchant for hiring mavericks as aides. He publicly backed the deputy head of his office, Petr Hajek, after he came under fire for denouncing participants in this summer's Gay Pride march in Prague as “deviants” and for opposing the “media lynching” of skinheads who had petrol-bombed a Roma home. Some suspect that Mr Klaus may be planning to form a new nationalist, Eurosceptic party when he leaves the presidency in 2013. He should have no problem winning support from disgruntled “white” Czechs.
1.
Stefan Zweig — the renowned Viennese writer who, in the 1930s, chose exile over Adolf Hitler — adored his books. As he moved globally among temporary residences, the collection followed, providing an anchor of stability in a world gone adrift. “They are there,” he wrote of his volumes, “waiting and silent.” It was left to him, the avid reader, to grab them, feel them, and make them speak some measure of sense to his unhinged experience.
Books offered Zweig, in part, a predictable form of comfort. “They neither urge, nor press their claims,” he observed. “Mutely they are ranged along the wall…If you direct your glances their way or move your hands over them, they do not call out to you in supplication.” In his thoughtful and often riveting book, The Impossible Exile: Stefan Zweig at the End of the World, George Prochnik quotes the author describing how it felt to approach a full bookcase: “A hundred names meet your searching glance silently and patiently…humbly awaiting the call and yet blissful to be chosen, to be enjoyed.” No matter where he lived — New York, London, Rio — Zweig maintained access to this form of bibliophilic bliss to the end.
2.
Anyone who relates to such an attraction will understand it as an intellectually unique, often aesthetically sublime, experience. And now, according to two Italian economists, it might also be financially beneficial. As reported by one of the weirder studies undertaken last year (focused only on men between 60 and 96), growing up around books — simply existing in their physical presence — corresponded to higher income over time. “Those [kids 10 or older] with many books,” the authors write, “enjoyed substantially higher returns to their additional education.” The media, as you might imagine, feasted on the news. Headlines went from “Books You Should Read to Get Rich” to “Boys Who Grow Up Around Books Earn Significantly More Money.” Who cares if Bill Bill Gates reads 50 books a year? Now all you needed to do — according to the new research — was to put on display at least 10 of them. Ka-ching.
Zweig grew up around books — more than 10 — and, incidentally, he became rich. His novels — Amok, Confusion, The Royal Game, to name a few — and biographies — on Marie Antoinette and Erasmus most notably — flew from the shelves. He was the most translated German-language writer before World War II. His 1941 autobiography, The World of Yesterday, was recently translated into English and continues to sell at a brisk pace (not everyone is happy is about that). That's good for Zweig, his legacy, and his fans.
But there's a distinction to draw here. The economists who conducted the “books make you wealthier” study were merely confirming the point that cultural capital corresponds to book ownership. It's a point so obvious it's almost meaningless. Any family who owns books, and considers books to be even symbolically significant enough to display them, is a family that nurtures the educational ethos required to make money. But none of that concerned Zweig. Zweig courted (and carted) his books not for the cultural capital they represented; he did so for their imaginative fertility, their ready source of escapism, the touchstone they offered to an inner reality. Speaking about a room full of books, he once said, “How good it is there to create and be alone.” Their decorative presence took a back seat to their seminal emotional power. It's what they did for him — his imagination, his sense of self, his rampant curiosity — that mattered most to Stefan Zweig. The wealth was incidental.
3.
Zweig's love of books, considered against their supposed wealth-generating capability, presents a compelling dichotomy that's quite relevant today: Books as remunerative symbols of educational attainment versus books as objects that allow us to drop out and delve inwards. This dichotomy is relevant because, for one, it fundamentally alters the big question everyone keeps asking about the book as a physical object. No longer is it “will the book endure?” Instead, it's “why will the book endure?”
Yes the book will endure. Of course the book will endure. You've likely heard a million people rhapsodize about the alluring physicality of books. They're correct to do so. You've also likely heard the news that independent bookstores are making a comeback. This is also as it should be. As an empirical matter, reading on a tablet cannot remotely approach the sensual literary experience offered by an old-fashioned book. The latter is, I'd venture, intrinsically more pleasurable than the former, not unlike the intrinsic difference between high quality toilet paper and the sandpaper stuff used in bus stations. And while it's true that Socrates expressed grave concern that the written word would erode memory and storytelling, his distinguished descendant, Cicero, had it exactly right when he said, “A room without books is like a body without a soul.”
Of course, a room stuffed to the rafters with books can also be as soulless as a tin can. These days, if our Italian economists are right, books are often nothing more than decoration for social strivers. The fact that cultural capital can evidently be correlated with actual capital is another way of saying that a wall of books has nothing necessarily to do with the literary ambitions of the resident reader. Consider the “books by the foot” trend — that is, the option of purchasing random books in bulk for the singular purpose of showing them off rather than reading them. This commercial genre is exceedingly popular with interior decorators, so much so that, as if to stay a step ahead of the skepticism, bulk book suppliers have specialized by tailoring books for the client's purported general interests (to make it really seem like this is a library reflecting the owner's personal literary tastes), while still color-coordinating book covers to match the pillow slips. In this respect, the purchase and display of books becomes a conspicuous example of what the late French literary critic René Girard, in Mimesis and Theory, calls “external mediation” — the process whereby a person's displayed tastes and desires influence those of others — resulting in the cheapest and least meaningful form of imitation.
4.
If this is how we're going to save the book — decorative mimicry — well then, forget it. True believers know that a room with books should accomplish something altogether more subversive and selfishly edifying — that it should foster radical internal mediation rather than decorative inspiration. Books should conspicuously confirm the persistence, in the face of so many competing (and lesser) forms of distraction, of a fierce dedication to promiscuous reading, the kind that requires — a la Zweig — that walls of literature be constantly approached, scanned, and chosen from. And then — the part that we rarely talk about when we talk about books — a roomful of books must be allowed to exact a cost. The thing about a room full of books is that conquering it, living within it as a real reader, treating it as it should be treated, means making sacrifices that deeply effect other human beings — and not always in a good way. The refraction of personal experience, when pursued through a physical book, is ours alone. As Emma in Madame Bovary knew very well, reading was a venue for the most satisfying selfishness. The “reality of experience,” as it's noted at the end of A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man, is forged in the smithy of a single soul. When we read we become our own wistful Emma, our own self-absorbed Dedalus. You are with you. That's it. And people might get annoyed by that.
5.
I had to laugh when I read that being around books makes you more money. At the beginning of 2015, I started a well-paying freelance research gig. On paper, it was ideal: I worked from home, I made my own hours, I kept my day job teaching undergraduates, and the topic was interesting enough. The problem was that my home office, where I was to do my research, contains nearly 2,000 books. Many of them I have yet to read. Just as many I want to read again. After a day and half of working in my office, sitting amid these book-lined walls, I was broken by environment. Their visual allure and the promise of what they contained was too much to ignore as I did my official job. My letter of resignation followed. I remember that when my (dumbfounded) employer responded (he said I was “impetuous” and “foolish”) I was reading Middlemarch. A lot of people around me have paid a price for my choice. But Zweig, I am sure, would have approved.
And we have a great source of compostable waste: cities. Since much of the green waste in this country is now simply generating methane emissions from landfills, cities should be mandated to transition to green-waste sorting and composting, which could then be distributed to nearby farms.
Second, we need to reduce the bureaucratic hurdles to using small- and medium-scale rainwater harvesting and gray water (that is, waste water excluding toilet water) on private lands, rather than funneling all runoff to huge, costly and vulnerable reservoirs behind downstream dams. Both urban and rural food production can be greatly enhanced through proven techniques of harvesting rain and biologically filtering gray water for irrigation. However, many state and local laws restrict what farmers can do with such water.
Moreover, the farm bill should include funds from the Strikeforce Initiative of the Department of Agriculture to help farmers transition to forms of perennial agriculture — initially focusing on edible tree crops and perennial grass pastures — rather than providing more subsidies to biofuel production from annual crops. Perennial crops not only keep 7.5 to 9.4 times more carbon in the soil than annual crops, but their production also reduces the amount of fossil fuels needed to till the soil every year.
We also need to address the looming seed crisis. Because of recent episodes of drought, fire and floods, we are facing the largest shortfall in the availability of native grass, forage legume, tree and shrub seeds in American history. Yet current budget-cutting proposals threaten to significantly reduce the number of federal plant material centers, which promote conservation best practices.
If our rangelands, forests and farms are to recover from the devastating heat, drought and wildfires of the last three years, they need to be seeded with appropriate native forage and ground-cover species to heal from the wounds of climatic catastrophes. To that end, the farm bill should direct more money to the underfinanced seed collection and distribution programs.
Finally, the National Plant Germplasm System, the Department of Agriculture's national reserve of crop seeds, should be charged with evaluating hundreds of thousands of seed collections for drought and heat tolerance, as well as other climatic adaptations — and given the financing to do so. Thousands of heirloom vegetables and heritage grains already in federal and state collections could be rapidly screened and then used by farmers for a fraction of what it costs a biotech firm to develop, patent and market a single “climate-friendly” crop.
Investing in climate-change adaptation will be far more cost-effective than doling out $11.6 billion in crop insurance payments, as the government did last year, for farmers hit with diminished yields or all-out crop failures.
When Solar Impulse pilot Bertrand Piccard set out to fly around the world in a plane that uses no fuel, he knew he wasn't going to get much rest. During the journey, he would be able to sleep, at a maximum, three hours per day with rest meted out in twenty-minute intervals. The plane, which could only accommodate one aviator, required a human systems check every twenty minutes.
For part of the journey, Piccard used Sana Health technology to put him to sleep in flight, and to sleep as deeply as possible during those scant moments.
The Sana Sleep “smart goggles,” will be available to the too-tired public starting in the second quarter of 2018, according to Sana Health founder and CEO Richard Hanbury. The company recently closed a $1.3 million round of seed funding from Founders Fund, Maveron and SOSV, among others. The goggles will sell for about $400 a pair, Hanbury said.
The entrepreneur began working on this technology as a solution to his own chronic pain and related sleep issues. He suffered from chronic nerve damage pain, after surviving a disabling Jeep accident in Yemen in 1992. However, the technology has broad-based appeal. Not including defiant toddlers, everyone wants a good night's rest.
Still, one in three adults in the U.S. doesn't get enough sleep, according to the most recent available data from the CDC. Insomniacs suffer mood and memory impairments, among other undesirable corollaries, researchers from the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine have verified.
Sniffing a major market opportunity in the restless masses, a number of tech companies have begun trying to allay insomnia in recent years. They're making mattresses of novel materials, a wide variety of wearables, sleep tracking apps and other IoT devices to encourage better sleep.
Venture investors are falling for the promise of a good night's rest, too. According to deal tracker Crunchbase (which is owned by TechCrunch's parent company) at least 30 sleep-related tech startups, including 6 hardware companies, landed seed or venture rounds since the start of last year.
For its part, the Sana Sleep looks like padded goggles, or a pared down and comfy version of a VR headset. It is being tested currently with athletes in training who want the most restorative sleep they can get while traveling extensively.
Hanbury explained this is how the device works: “It uses audio-visual stimulation to trigger specific patterns in the brain. In the same way that when you go into a nightclub, and hear fast music and see strobed lights, this produces an excited state in your brain, this device produces the patterns your brain needs in order to produce deep states of relaxation.”
The goggles emit pulses of light and sound. The wearer is conscious of the lights and sounds at the outset of each use, but becomes less aware of these as they drift off to sleep. The goggles measure things like a users's pulse and breathing, and customizes the signals in response to the individual's biometrics.
The goggles must be trained, initially. After about 4 uses wearers (even those dealing with chronic pain issues) can get to sleep within ten minutes, and more importantly can sleep through the night.
Prior to closing their seed round, Sana Health had raised $450,000 including from the HAX hardware accelerator run by SOSV. The firm reupped its investment in Sana's seed round, according to General Partner Cyril Ebersweiler, because its technology solves the hardest sleep cases.
“Sana is based on 24 years of sleep research and has gone through extensive subject trials. While bringing continuous improvement to the experience, the company will need to now spend some time understanding which distribution channels are the most adapted for its offering,” he said.
The efficacy of the company's goggles in early tests have led Sana Health to pursue a classification as a medical device from the FDA in the US.
Sony has released the February 2016 lineup of PS Plus freebies on Playstation 3, Playstation 4, & Playstation Vita.
This months offering include an ultra-fun Helldivers and Nova 111, both of which are cross-buy on all 3 Playstation devices. Playstation 4 owners will also be able to download Nom Nom Galaxy, a hilarious game where you must “protect Super Earth in an intergalactic war while feeding soup to alien”. Playstation Vita owners will have access to a ‘touch' version of the classic Lemmings games, in addition to Helldivers and Nova 111. The best offerings will be on Playstation 3 this month though, as PS3 owners will get the two games mentioned previously, plus arcade racer Grid Autosport, and 2d fighter Persona 4 Arena Ultimax.
Without doubt one of the best offerings for PS Plus users in quite a while.
PS4 Helldivers
Nom Nom Galaxy
Nova 111
PS3 Grid Autosport
Helldivers
Nova 111
Persona 4 Arena Ultimax
Legislative elections were held in Jamaica on December 29, 2011. All 63 seats in Jamaica's lower house, the House of Representatives, were up for reelection. There were 60 members in the last legislature, redistricting added three seats.
Jamaican politics, like those in the bulk of the English Caribbean, have been dominated by two parties for most of its independence. In fact, the Jamaican party system has changed little on the surface since the late 1930s and early 1940s. There are two parties, which have alternated in power since the first universal suffrage elections in 1944 and Jamaica's independence in 1962. These are the Jamaica Labour Party (JLP) and the People's National Party (PNP). While its name would indicate that it would be left-leaning, the JLP is actually right-wing, while the PNP is left-wing. Up until the 1970s, there were little ideological differences between the JLP and the PNP, as both had emerged from the native movement for Jamaican independence and especially equal rights. Both parties, especially the JLP, were born with ties to organized labour. Differences were largely based on personality, the JLP being the creation of trade unionist Alexander Bustamante and the PNP the beast of journalist Norman Manley; or based on different strategies, the JLP being moderate yet anti-establishment (though enjoying better relations with the British) and the PNP being more radical and nationalist.
The JLP won the first free elections in 1944 and governed until 1955, when the PNP was elected on a platform of full independence for the West Indies Federation (WIF). Bustamante converted to supporting independence for Jamaica alone, and in 1961 had convinced Manley to hold a referendum on withdrawing from the WIF, in which the government's campaign for the no was defeated by the JLP's yes campaign, and followed in 1962 by the JLP's election. Bustamante resigned in 1967, followed by two JLP non-entities. Manley died in 1969 and his son Michael Manley became leader and subsequently Prime Minister in 1972. It is in this period that the rivalry between the JLP and PNP being very much ideological. Manley, who pursued major social reforms, was very much non-aligned and Third Worldish in his foreign policy, and at home he placed punitive taxes on foreign-owned bauxite mines. Manley's PNP aligned closely with the non-aligned bloc, Cuba and Africa – in 1972, Manley visited Haile Selassie and in return gained the votes of most Jamaican Rastafarians. On the other hand, Manley's rival, the JLP's American-born leader, Edward Seaga, was very pro-American and anti-communist.
The 1970s and 1980s were also peaks of political instability and violence in Jamaica, and the country was lurching on the verge of civil war for most of the period. Starting in the 1976 elections, both parties resorted to gang support, with the emergence of party bosses/gangsters in Kingston's shantytowns (the “garrisons”) who pooled votes for either the JLP or PNP. In the 1980 elections, in which the PNP was routed, nearly 900 people died. In 1983, the PNP's boycott of snap elections held in the wake of the American invasion of Granada (which Seaga supported) didn't help matters much.
Following this explosive situation, things started calming down as Seaga started losing American support and Manley toned down the socialist rhetoric. In the 1989 elections, the PNP was returned to power, and following Manley's resignation in 1992, followed a very moderate course under the leadership of Prime Minister P.J. Patterson, who won 3 elections. Seaga finally left the reins of the JLP prior to the 2007 elections, which were won by the JLP's Bruce Golding over the PNP's new leader (since 2006), Portia Simpson-Miller. Andrew Holness replaced Golding as PM in October 2011, and called this election 9 months ahead of schedule.
Really, both the JLP and PNP are broadly ideologically similar these days except perhaps on foreign policy where the PNP is more pro-Cuban and less pro-American than the JLP. This year, both parties agreed to continue working with the IMF, cut spending and reduce the country's debt. Golding was elected on some rather populist rhetoric in 2007, but today Simpson-Miller has built herself some kind of image as a populist representative of the poor. The results were as follows:
PNP 53.32% (+3.7%) winning 41 seats (+13)
JLP 46.56% (-3.7%) winning 22 seats (-10)
The PNP defeated the JLP surprisingly handily, the first time an incumbent government in Jamaica has been defeated when seeking reelection. Economic issues likely played a role in the JLP's defeat: the country's debt is huge at 143% of GDP, unemployment is nearly 12% (which is low by Jamaican historical standards) and growth was only 1.5% in 2011 after having been in recession in 2008 through 2010. Simpson-Miller campaigned on a moderate manifesto but on more left-wing rhetoric presenting herself as the champion of the poor.
You can find a map of the results on the right. There seem to be rather few discernible stable patterns in Jamaican voting behaviour, with the JLP and PNP both holding their share of the Kingston garrisons (though the PNP has more) and results in other parishes a bit all over the place. It is hard for me to say where this pattern can be observed the most, but the PNP dominates the Rastafarian vote (in fact, this election saw the first Rastafarian MP) as it has since 1972. The PNP appears slightly stronger in bauxite and aluminium-producing areas, though this is hardly a universal pattern. The JLP pretty clearly dominates in large tourist resorts like Ocho Rios and Montego Bay, though not in the smaller hippie resort of Negril. The JLP is also strong, for obvious reasons, in the more affluent Uptown part of Kingston.
Advertisements
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Correction to this article
IN François Ozon's latest film, “Potiche”, Catherine Deneuve (pictured) plays a trophy wife, a potiche, who spends her days jogging in a scarlet jumpsuit, making breakfast for her cantankerous husband and writing poetry perched on a sofa. But then her husband, the boss of an umbrella factory, is taken hostage by striking workers. Ms Deneuve takes over the factory and charms the workers into returning to work. She jazzes up the products and generally proves that anything a man can do, a woman can do better.
The film was set in 1977, when the only women in a typical Western boardroom were serving the coffee. Times have changed. These days no one doubts that women can run companies: think of Indra Nooyi at PepsiCo, Carol Bartz at Yahoo! or Ursula Burns at Xerox. Sheryl Sandberg, the number two at Facebook, is more widely applauded than her young male boss, Mark Zuckerberg (see article).
Yet the number of female bosses of large firms remains stubbornly small. Not a single one on France's CAC 40 share index or on Germany's DAX index is run by a woman. In America, only 15 chief executives of Fortune 500 companies are women. Britain does better, but not much: five of the FTSE-100 firms have female bosses.
Several governments, especially in Europe, have decided that radical action is required to increase the number of women in the executive suite. Norway passed a law in 2003 that obliged all publicly listed firms to reserve 40% of the seats on their boards for women by 2008. Spain passed a similar law in 2007; France earlier this year. The Netherlands is working on one.
On July 6th the European Parliament passed a resolution calling for EU-wide legislation stipulating that at least 40% of seats on listed companies' supervisory boards will be reserved for women by 2020. This does not oblige member states to do anything, but it reflects a spreading mood. The German government is considering whether to impose quotas. America is not, but new rules from the Securities and Exchange Commission will require firms to reveal what, if anything, they are doing to increase diversity at the top table.
Viviane Reding, the EU commissioner for justice, argues that compulsion is the only way to overcome entrenched discrimination. For a whole year she has tried to cajole companies to take voluntary measures to promote more women. In March, she posted a “Women on the Board Pledge for Europe” on her website. This allows companies to promise that women will make up 30% of their boards by 2015 and 40% by 2020. Only seven companies have signed up so far. Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton (LVMH), a French luxury-goods maker, added itself rather ostentatiously on July 12th. But cynics doubt that this owed much to the commissioner's powers of persuasion. LVMH was only pledging to do what the new French law already obliges it to.
There is a powerful business case for hiring more women to run companies. They are more likely to understand the tastes and aspirations of the largest group of consumers in the world, namely women. They represent an underfished pool of talent. And there is evidence that companies with more women in top jobs perform better than those run by men only.
McKinsey, a consultancy, recently looked at 89 listed companies in Europe with a very high proportion of women in senior management posts and compared their financial performance with the average for firms in the same industry. It found that these firms enjoyed a higher return on equity, fatter operating profits and a more buoyant share price. The authors described the correlation between promoting women and doing well as “striking”, though they admitted that they could not prove what was causing what. It is possible that firms that are already doing well tend to hire more female directors.
Proponents of quotas cite the superior performance of firms with female directors as evidence that quotas will benefit companies and their shareholders. Sceptics doubt this. The women that companies voluntarily appoint to boards are mostly excellent (indeed, they may have had to be particularly talented to overcome the barriers in their way). The effect of quotas, however, will be to elevate women who would not otherwise get onto the board. It would be surprising if they proved as able as those appointed without such help.
The evidence from Norway, the first European country to impose strict quotas, suggests that compulsion has been bad for business. Norwegian boards, which were 9% female in 2003, were ordered to become 40% female within five years. Many reached that target by window-dressing. The proportion of board members in Norway who are female is nearly three times greater than the proportion of executive directors (see chart).
To obey the law, Norwegian firms promoted many women who were less experienced than the directors they had before. These new hires appear to have done a poor job. A study by Amy Dittmar and Kenneth Ahern of the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan found that firms that were forced to increase the share of women on their boards by more than ten percentage points saw one measure of corporate value (the ratio of market capitalisation to the replacement value of assets, known as Tobin's Q) fall by 18%.
Out of proportion
If quotas aren't the answer, what is? The question is fiendishly complex. In most rich countries, women do as well as men or even better at school and university. In America, most new master's degrees are awarded to women. Women also hold more than half of the entry-level jobs at American blue-chip companies.
But corporate women start to fall behind their male peers right from the beginning. They are less aggressive than men when negotiating their first salary and every subsequent pay rise. Linda Babcock of Carnegie Mellon University found that her male graduate students secured starting salaries 7.6% higher than her female graduate students. In general, men are four times more likely to ask for a pay rise than women are. Compounded over time, this makes a huge difference.
The higher you gaze up the corporate ladder, the fewer women you see. According to Catalyst, a researcher in New York, women are 37% of the middle managers in big American firms, 28% of the senior managers and a mere 14% of executive-committee members.
Is discrimination to blame? While firms that discriminate a lot will be eclipsed by those that promote on merit (and possibly sued), that can take time. And men do persistently underestimate women, argues Herminia Ibarra of INSEAD, a business school in France. Ms Ibarra looked at more than 20,000 assessments of INSEAD's executive students. Male work colleagues of the women judged them to be just as capable as the men (or more so) in most areas, but thought that they lacked strategic vision. No such lack was seen when their female work colleagues judged the students.
The way patronage and promotion work within the corporate world may count against women. Nearly all the executives who rise to the top have had a powerful backer, according to Sylvia Ann Hewlett, the author of “The Sponsor Effect”, a report for the Harvard Business Review. Yet women often fail to cultivate what Ms Hewlett calls “relationship capital”. They hesitate to call in favours for fear of seeming pushy. And many are afraid of the gossip that a close relationship with a senior male colleague might provoke.
No doubt all of these plays its part. But a much bigger obstacle to putting more women in boardrooms is that so many struggle to balance work and a family.
In all societies, at least for now, women shoulder most of the burden of looking after children and ageing parents. European women devote twice as much time as men to domestic tasks, according to McKinsey. It varies from country to country. Latin men are slacker than Nordics. Italian men spend only 1.3 hours a day on domestic chores, whereas Italian women spend 5.2 hours. In Sweden, the ratio is a somewhat fairer 2.3 hours to 3.4.
Partly because it is so tricky to juggle kids and a career, many highly able women opt for jobs with predictable hours, such as human resources or accounting. They also gravitate towards fields where their skills are less likely to become obsolete if they take a career break, which is perhaps one reason why nearly two-thirds of new American law graduates are female but only 18% of engineers.
A study by the Centre for Work-Life Policy, a think-tank based in New York, found that, in 2009, 31% of American women had taken a career break (for an average of 2.7 years) and 66% had switched to working part-time or flexible-time in order to balance work and family. Having left the fast track, many women find it hard to get back on.
A juggling act
Some governments try hard to help women combine a career and family. France and the Scandinavian countries help with child care. Crèches and nurseries are subsidised. State schools will hang on to the little monsters well into the evening. This contrasts starkly with American and British schools, which boot them out long before an adult's work day is over. American parents must also square the circle of ultra-short holidays for grown-ups and absurdly long ones for kids.
German parents enjoy 14 months of Elterngeld (taxpayer-funded parental leave). The aim is to encourage women to take shorter breaks from their job after giving birth. The law, which passed in 2006, was pushed by Ursula von der Leyen, the then family minister (and a mother of seven). Ms von der Leyen also sponsored a 2008 law promising every one-year-old the right to a free nursery place by 2013.
Now the labour minister, Ms von der Leyen is pushing hard for Germany to introduce Norwegian-style mandatory quotas for women in boardrooms. German companies are scared. Some are setting themselves voluntary targets in the hope of avoiding state coercion.
Deutsche Telekom, a German media behemoth, has declared that 30% of its middle and upper management jobs will be filled by women by 2015. “We have tried mentoring, coaching and networks, but nothing worked,” says Anne Wenders, a spokeswoman for the company. Women made up 30% of Deutsche Telekom's staff and 13% of the company's top managers in Germany when the policy was introduced last year. These numbers have yet to budge. Still, following Deutsche Telekom's example, all 30 companies in the DAX index recently agreed to set themselves similar goals.
Women bring unique strengths to a company, reckons Lisa Gersh, the boss of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, a merchandising and media firm founded by a lifestyle guru. They are more collaborative than men, says Ms Gersh, and better at multitasking. Those with children quickly become efficient. They know that they have to be home at a certain time.
Companies everywhere are trying to figure out ways to help employees juggle their work and family life. Technology should make this easier. Thanks to broadband internet, many tasks can be done from home. Nearly 20% of American employees telecommuted last year. Some female executives routinely take calls while outside the school gates. As the tussle for talent intensifies, such scenes will grow more common.
UPDATE: Veteran says he made promise to God to remember the fallen
Every day at around 8 p.m., Glen Rock Borough resident, councilman and veteran Joshua Corney plays a 57-second recording of 'Taps' through an outdoor speaker at his house.
In previous interviews, Corney, who served in Iraq and Afghanistan, said he plays 'Taps' in remembrance of others who have died or served in the military.
But the practice has drawn the ire of several other residents who live near him.
Borough Councilwoman Victoria Ribeiro, in an email Wednesday, said that she had planned to read a letter at Wednesday night's borough council meeting on behalf of some area residents who question whether playing the recording violates the borough noise ordinance. She said a number of local residents had reached out to her with complaints.
But she said she would not read the letter after a Facebook post by Corney, asking people to come out to last night's borough council meeting to hear discussion of the issue drew what she called an "extreme" reaction, including people suggesting those opposed to playing the music were un-American, or should move from the borough.
"Because of the huge, largely negative reaction they witnessed, and because of the backlash directed at me for representing them, [those who complained about the playing of 'Taps'] are horrified and want nothing more than for this all to stop," Ribeiro said.
Ribeiro said she believes that Corney's amplified record violates the borough's noise ordinance, which prohibits the playing of "radios, televisions, amplifiers, and other sound devices so as to be heard beyond the boundaries of the property from which said shall emanate" that annoys or disturbs other people.
She claims the recording plays at a level of about 80 decibels at some neighboring homes, and about 65 decibels at her home about a mile away.
"Just because something is popular doesn't make it right," Ribeiro's letter states.
Corney told the York Daily Record that he has spent about $2,000 moving, redirecting and slightly changing the volume of the speakers in response to complaints.
If playing the recording violates the borough noise ordinance, Corney suggested that church bells and Christmas carolers also may be in violation.
Corney said he's pleased at the expressions of support he's received.
"It makes me very happy," Corney said, according to the York Daily Record. "I thought I would probably get a lot of people complaining about this. It makes you feel good that the majority of people are supporting this."
Corney has been playing the recording through the speaker since at least October 2015, according to Ribeiro, and minutes from previous borough meetings show that at least one other resident has objected to the practice.
In her letter, Ribeiro is asking her other council members to require Corney to cease the playing of "Taps."
"If he would like to discuss alternatives that fit within the ordinance, or if he would like to request an exception, he is welcome to do so at any time," she wrote.
Vandals strike wall collapse site in Harrisburg
Tal Fortgang (Image via Fox News)
Tal Fortgang, a freshman at Princeton, has created a genuine intellectual controversy with his now-famous essay in The Princeton Tory, since republished by Time, on the subject of “privilege” and being told to “check” it by liberal enforcers of public mores. For those who may be blessedly unaware, “check your privilege” is a common command issued to those who check such demographic boxes as white, male, middle-class, in possession of physical genitals matching one's metaphysical self-conception, etc. In the 1980s, nonconformists were advised by the liberal thought police that their ideas were “politically incorrect,” a phrase that became infamous. Today they are told “check your privilege,” but the two phrases translate into standard English identically: “Shut up.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Mr. Fortgang, far from denying the many genuine advantages he has enjoyed in life, places those values in the context of the American experience and describes his inheritance as being defined not by maleness and whiteness but by property and values. He points out that his grandparents were Jewish refugees from the Nazis — his grandfather escaped Poland only to end up in a Siberian labor camp, his grandmother was freed from Bergen-Belsen by Allied troops — and that his grandfather, who started a modest business making wicker baskets upon arrival in the United States, was prone to observing that whatever business troubles he might encounter were kept in proper perspective by his having escaped the clutches of Adolf Hitler.
#ad#Mr. Fortgang's father, in an almost textbook example of the Jewish-immigrant experience in the United States, enrolled in City College, excelled sufficiently to attend a good graduate school, and subsequently built a comfortable living for his family and sent his own son to Princeton. As Mr. Fortgang observes, his father had the advantages of a good family and the values they instilled in him, not hereditary social connections: “The wicker business just isn't that influential,” he writes.
Advertisement
The responses were swift and they were angry. Mr. Fortgang was denounced as ignorant, as somebody who just wasn't bright enough to understand what “privilege” really means, and more.
Mr. Fortgang's appreciation of the peculiarly American institutions and habits that allowed his family to be transformed from penniless refugees to comfortable Ivy Leaguers in a remarkably short period of time is the sort of thing that within living memory would have gone by the name of “patriotism” rather than appreciation for one's privileges. Beyond that, though, there is a more important and more interesting discussion to be had here. The United States is a society in which personal merit matters a great deal, but no sensible person among us is so blind as to believe that it is anything like a pure meritocracy. It is absolutely true that not all of us start off at the same place in life, that some of us must overcome serious obstacles and deficiencies simply to obtain a decent life, while others of us enjoy sundry financial and social inheritances that place us far ahead of where most others start.
Advertisement
The point of Mr. Fortgang's essay — the part that drives the Left to rage — is that such advantages as this particular young man from suburban Westchester County enjoys are much more the product of the sort of family he comes from, and the opportunities that they enjoyed in the United States, than they are of ethnic and sexual features. Mr. Fortgang's grandfather is a standing rebuke to the entire concept of white-male privilege: Imagine the sort of moral illiteracy it takes to behold a Jewish refugee from the Nazis who has arrived with no money or connections on foreign shores to live among people who did not, let us remember, universally welcome the Jewish influx, and before the Siberian frost has even been brushed off his shoulders, to point at him and cry: “Lucky you!”
Advertisement
The Left's conception of “privilege” is categorical — one enjoys “privilege” if one is a member of a privileged class, regardless of one's personal circumstances — but the facts of life are personal and particular. Educational and economic outcomes are strongly correlated with such factors as whether one's parents were married and stayed married, their attachment to full-time employment, etc. It is indeed important to choose one's grandparents wisely, but not in the crass way that the “privilege” analysis would have you believe. Yet the Left is religiously committed to the herd mentality, both for aesthetic reasons and for practical ones: If we start to talk and think seriously about the variables that invest some of us with significant advantages and some with significant disadvantages, then following the evidence will take us in a direction that the Left is not very much inclined to explore.
Mr. Fortgang, far from denying that he enjoys the fruit of his parents' and his grandparents' labor, is determined to enjoy them rather than be ashamed of them. A consciousness of the connection between our ancestors' exertions and our current circumstances is fundamental not just to the conservative understanding of the world but to any conception of organic community. It is not only Mr. Fortgang's inheritance that the Left wishes to make us ashamed of.
If one could combine in a financial asset four key attributes: the anonymity of cash, a guaranty of trustworthiness, the convenience and scalability of digital transfer, and a reliable store of value, you would have an extraordinary product. It would be ideal for champions of individual liberty and anathema to governments seeking to tax and regulate them.
That is the promise of bitcoin.
It has succeeded in assuring anonymity and in enabling strangers to transact without the need for a third party like an Amex, Visa , MasterCard , or a bank to vouchsafe trustworthiness. So far it is at best adequate on scalability and convenience (the system can handle only 7 transactions a second and takes 10 minutes to confirm transactions, though it appears these constraints are solvable. It requires all but the geekiest to use digital wallets which are far less secure than bitcoin itself). But where it arguably fails is as a reliable store of value.
Bitcoin has no inherent value whatsoever.
It is not accepted as legal tender by any government. It is not backed by any assets. It does not represent a claim on either tangible or intangible property. Like art, however, it does have the merit of scarcity. There are currently 13 million in existence. New bitcoins are currently being created at the rate of 8 percent or so annually, a rate which will decline over time, and there will never be more than 21 million outstanding. As long as people are willing to exchange dollars for works of art, an art market exists, and art becomes a store of value. Similarly, as long as people are willing to exchange dollars for bitcoin, it too becomes a store of value. But people were willing to exchange vast sums for tulip bulbs in Holland in the 17th century, for shares in the South Sea Company in Britain in the 18th century, and for the most dubious of dotcom stocks in 2000. Bubbles all.
So the question becomes: does the market for bitcoin represent a stable, long-term store of value? Those who think it's a con would point to its extreme volatility. In the past 3 years, it has traded as low as $5, as high as $1200, and now changes hands at around $250. They would also cite its illiquidity: all the bitcoins in existence are valued around $3.2 billion. Apparent trading volume is $2 million per day, (approximately a quarter of the daily volume of the typical $3.2 billion company). Moreover, there is no regulation or other mechanism to prevent large holders from pre-arranging trades among themselves to give the illusion of liquidity.
Ownership appears to be more highly concentrated than is the typical stock of the same capitalization. A knowledgeable friend in the business (the former operator of a very profitable bitcoin exchange and one of the most successful bitcoin miners), has stated that more than 50% of bitcoins are held by no more than 20 individuals. They have every incentive to collude in a classic “pump and dump” operation—though of course there is no evidence they act in concert or even that they know the identity of the others. More people are accumulating some bitcoins to have as a small percentage of liquid funds, but not very large quantities.
Perhaps it doesn't matter. Anyone who has even passing familiarity with the classic texts, MacKay's “Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds” or Kindleberger's “Manias, Panics and Crashes” can recognize that bitcoin has the makings of a bubble that can burst at any time.
Why might it not be a bubble?
Because it is based on a key innovation: blockchain. Blockchain has the potential to disrupt businesses reliant on digital record keeping, like banks, credit card companies, and stock exchanges. Their ledgers are centralized and private and the account holders are vulnerable to hacking. As organizations, they are frequently large, bureaucratic, and inflexible. In contrast, blockchain is a public ledger, which protects the identities of account holders with extremely secure cryptography, and is open to inspection by anyone with a computer. It is maintained by a community of thousands, perhaps as many as 100 thousand, independent bookkeepers (miners in bitcoin jargon). They compete with one another for efficiency, but only when the community concurs is the ledger deemed accurate. The ledger thus created and verified records not only who owns bitcoin today, but maintains a record of who has owned each coin since inception. Perhaps the most important distinction is that banks, credit card companies, stock and commodity exchanges all have a physical locus and a juridical identity and are thus readily subject to taxation and regulation. The blockchain lives in the cloud, and is highly resistant to, if not immune from, government control.
Credit card companies charges fees around 2.5 percent for moving value from a customer to a merchant. Banks charge at least that much for international transfers. Block chain transaction charges are a small fraction—approximately one half of one percent and eventually should be much lower than that. Potentially, blockchain can also record and transfer ownership of physical assets like automobiles, real estate, and art and intangible assets such as patents and royalties. It can thus enable secured lending transactions between strangers.
Blockchain technology has already stimulated dozens of entrepreneurial ventures, mostly in the spheres of traditional banking and financial markets. Ripple is seeking to displace correspondent banking with an intra-bank payment network. The NYSE has invested in Coinbase, a trading platform. Goldman Sachs has a stake in Circle Internet Financial, a bitcoin startup. IBM is working on a digital payment system; Samsung on blockchain powered backbone for the Internet of Things.
But blockchain 2.0/3.0 promises to be much more than an efficient payment mechanism. It incorporates elements of computation, network design, cryptography, and artificial intelligence. A start up called Ethereum (founded by a 20-something hacker, Vitalik Buterin) is developing a universal platform and programming language: a fundamental encrypted ecosystem for all manner of distributed data processing, messaging, file serving, and reputation vouching applications. Blockchain is analogous to the early stages of the Web itself. Its future might be big and bright, foreseeable in some ways but not in detail, a decentralized new paradigm.
Bitcoin owners may be in for a bumpy ride to nowhere. But the cocktail of cryptography, web, peer to peer, and other ideas that support bitcoin will perhaps become the most disruptive technology in decades: a new kind of internet that can revolutionize the domains of money and government.
Perhaps there is little value in the currency, but plenty of potential in the underlying technology.
Re: Persons Unknown -- "Exit One" -- New Time (8pm) -- 06/28/10
Caught this episode last night. Agreed that it felt utterly pointless. Still, I'll keep watching because I don't think the show is that bad. I'm glad that Joe and the Chinese chef finally broke their 'cover'. Maybe we'll get some actual story advancement next episode.
The 'lawyer' should have just murdered that 'car salesman' jackass. I can't remember a TV character ever being so annoying. Plus, why the fuck should Charlie care if the most hated guy among the kidnapped lets them all know he killed his wife? First he has no proof, and beyond that none of these people know each other. Not to mention, they currently all have more important things to worry about.
Right, so nothing in this episode really made any sense.
HOUSTON - KPRC 2 News obtained secretly recorded video that federal agents say shows a veteran Houston police officer providing assault rifles and information from an HPD database to a FBI informant posing as a drug trafficker. The video is part of federal investigation of HPD officer Noe Juarez.
Juarez was arrested last week after he was indicted in New Orleans for conspiracy to distribute 5 kilos or more of cocaine.
Federal agents say for years Juarez supplied guns, bulletproof vests, cars and police intelligence to members of the Los Zetas drug cartel.
Both video clips were recorded in the parking lot of the now defunct "El Chapparel" club where Juarez worked off-duty as a security. One clip recorded in March 2011 shows Juarez in uniform allegedly delivering two assault rifles to a government informant investigators say he assumed was a major drug trafficker. The FBI alleges Juarez received a total of $4,500 for the guns and was told they were being shipped to Mexico.
Federal agents said Juarez later supplied ammunition, magazines and pepper spray. Court records document a total of eight assault rifles or pistols linked to Juarez that found their way to drug dealers.
A second video, recorded in July 2011 allegedly Juarez providing the informant information about two license plate numbers he allegedly ran through the HPD database at the request of the informant. Agents say Juarez was told the plates belonged to people who owed $800,000 in drug money. In the video, Juarez supplied a name and address from one of the plates, allegedly in exchange for $500.
In subsequent questioning by a FBI and Drug Enforcement Administration agents, Juarez denied providing the information. Witnesses allege in court documents that Juarez also provided drug traffickers advice on "how to detect police surveillance vehicles."
DEA special agent Larry Johnson testified in Houston federal court last week that Juarez was connected to Zetas cartel members Efrain and Sergio Grimaldo. Court documents identify him as Efrain Grimaldo's uncle. Beginning in 2006, investigators contend Juarez began acting as a "straw buyer" to purchase automobiles for the brothers or their employees to hide the true owner's identity.
Juarez allegedly bought four automobiles, and insured two others on the Grimaldos' behalf, and was in turn paid by them.
In September 2014, Efrain Grimaldo was sentenced to 33 years in federal prison by a New Orleans judge after being found guilty of smuggling 1,640 kilograms of cocaine that was distributed in Jackson, Mississippi, Pensacola, Florida, New York City, Detroit, Baltimore, Maryland, Dover, Delaware and Houma, Louisiana
In Houma, prosecutors say the Grimialdos were the primary suppliers of cocaine to a violent street gang named "Up Da Bayou Boys" (UBB).
Sergio Grimaldo was indicted along with Juarez and is awaiting trial on the charge of conspiracy to distribute cocaine. He is now cooperating with federal agents. Juarez was indicted in the same case.
The videos were included as evidence in an appeal to prevent Juarez from being released after Houston federal judge Beverly Stacy set a $50,000 bond for him April 13. Judge Stacy stayed the order to give prosecutors time to appeal. On April 14, New Orleans federal judge Sarah Vance overruled Stacy. Juarez is now being held in New Orleans where he's scheduled to be arraigned April 23.
In the Houston bond hearing, Juarez former attorney, George Murphy, argued that the former officer of the year did not know he was doing business with drug dealers.
"He had no idea these people were associated with any drug activity at all and if he had known he wouldn't have done it," Murphy said.
Juarez is a 20-year veteran of the Houston Police Department, and in 2009 was named as one of the Houston Police Officers Union's Officers of the Year for his work with the Central Division Tactical Unit.
He faces up to life in prison if he is convicted on the conspiracy charge.
Copyright 2015 by Click2Houston.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Your Bitcoin transactions The Ultimate Bitcoin mixer made truly anonymous. with an advanced technology. Mix coins
Advertised sites are not endorsed by the Bitcoin Forum. They may be unsafe, untrustworthy, or illegal in your jurisdiction. Advertise here.
Paid Piper
Offline
Activity: 329
Merit: 250
Sr. MemberActivity: 329Merit: 250 Re: GAW / Josh Garza discussion. Paycoin XPY CoinStand Mineral. ALWAYS MAKE MONEY :) April 23, 2015, 03:30:13 PM #33971
Quote
Date: Wed, 7 Jan 2015 22:44:41 -0500
From: Josh Garza <
To: Eric Capuano <
<joe@geniusesatwork.com>
eric, are we selling the 10k a day ?
--
*Josh Garza* Subject: Selling xpyDate: Wed, 7 Jan 2015 22:44:41 -0500From: Josh Garza < josh@gaw.com To: Eric Capuano < eric@geniusesatwork.com >, Joe Mordicaeric, are we selling the 10k a day ?--*Josh Garza*
Quote
Date: Fri, 23 Jan 2015 12:56:47 -0500
From: Josh Garza <
To: Jonah Dorman <
CC: Matthew Eden <
I was thinking we could tune it down when the price drops by too large
of a percentage.
*Josh Garza*
*CEO- *GAW Corp
On Fri, Jan 23, 2015 at 12:39 PM, Jonah Dorman <
<mailto:jonah@geniusesatwork.com>> wrote:
What is our exit point? IE at what price drop do we turn off the
system?
Is the 4K XPY per day variable based on the price of XPY on the
markets?
The current estimated time to have this built and working automated
on Cryptsy and Paybase is Sunday-Monday. A better estimate is not
available until late tonight.
Current Scope
*Automated System
*Sell to as many markets as possible (Cryptsy, PayBase, Other
exchanges)
*Convert reserve XPY to BTC
*Total of 4K XPY per 24 hours
*Send BTC to buttercoin for conversion to fiat
** This may not be possible at this time due to buttercoin asking
for PayBase to become verified
On Fri, Jan 23, 2015 at 12:30 PM, Josh Garza <
<mailto:josh@gaw.com>> wrote:
All correct but 4k xpy a day
Sent from my mobile phone
On Jan 23, 2015 12:24 PM, "Jonah Dorman"
<
My understanding is that we wish to build and activate a
system which will sell off XPY from our reserves across
various markets throughout the day each day at a total
amount of $4K worth of XPY per day. Then send the BTC to
ButterCoin in exchange for fiat?
Is this correct?
On Fri, Jan 23, 2015 at 12:20 PM, Josh Garza <
<mailto:josh@gaw.com>> wrote:
I do not think 4k xpy over all the markets will matter.
We shall see
Sent from my mobile phone
On Jan 23, 2015 12:16 PM, "Jonah Dorman"
<jonah@geniusesatwork.com
<mailto:jonah@geniusesatwork.com>> wrote:
The first day may kill the market. And would not be
until tomorrow.
On Fri, Jan 23, 2015 at 12:16 PM, Jonah Dorman
<jonah@geniusesatwork.com
<mailto:jonah@geniusesatwork.com>> wrote:
For 1-3 days.
It's not sustainable for any mid or long term
period.
On Fri, Jan 23, 2015 at 12:14 PM, Josh Garza
<
Can we get to 10k?
Sent from my mobile phone
On Jan 23, 2015 12:13 PM, "Jonah Dorman"
<jonah@geniusesatwork.com
<mailto:jonah@geniusesatwork.com>> wrote:
5K ish as a rough calculation.
On Fri, Jan 23, 2015 at 11:58 AM, Josh
Garza <
<mailto:josh@gaw.com>> wrote:
We have to start selling today.
How much could we sell in all
markets with messing with the market
per day? Subject: Re: Company owned xpyDate: Fri, 23 Jan 2015 12:56:47 -0500From: Josh Garza < josh@gaw.com To: Jonah Dorman < jonah@geniusesatwork.com CC: Matthew Eden < mk@btc.com I was thinking we could tune it down when the price drops by too largeof a percentage.*Josh Garza**CEO- *GAW CorpOn Fri, Jan 23, 2015 at 12:39 PM, Jonah Dorman < jonah@geniusesatwork.com > wrote:What is our exit point? IE at what price drop do we turn off thesystem?Is the 4K XPY per day variable based on the price of XPY on themarkets?The current estimated time to have this built and working automatedon Cryptsy and Paybase is Sunday-Monday. A better estimate is notavailable until late tonight.Current Scope*Automated System*Sell to as many markets as possible (Cryptsy, PayBase, Otherexchanges)*Convert reserve XPY to BTC*Total of 4K XPY per 24 hours*Send BTC to buttercoin for conversion to fiat** This may not be possible at this time due to buttercoin askingfor PayBase to become verifiedOn Fri, Jan 23, 2015 at 12:30 PM, Josh Garza < josh@gaw.com > wrote:All correct but 4k xpy a daySent from my mobile phoneOn Jan 23, 2015 12:24 PM, "Jonah Dorman" jonah@geniusesatwork.com > wrote:My understanding is that we wish to build and activate asystem which will sell off XPY from our reserves acrossvarious markets throughout the day each day at a totalamount of $4K worth of XPY per day. Then send the BTC toButterCoin in exchange for fiat?Is this correct?On Fri, Jan 23, 2015 at 12:20 PM, Josh Garza < josh@gaw.com > wrote:I do not think 4k xpy over all the markets will matter.We shall seeSent from my mobile phoneOn Jan 23, 2015 12:16 PM, "Jonah Dorman" > wrote:The first day may kill the market. And would not beuntil tomorrow.On Fri, Jan 23, 2015 at 12:16 PM, Jonah Dorman > wrote:For 1-3 days.It's not sustainable for any mid or long termperiod.On Fri, Jan 23, 2015 at 12:14 PM, Josh Garza josh@gaw.com > wrote:Can we get to 10k?Sent from my mobile phoneOn Jan 23, 2015 12:13 PM, "Jonah Dorman" > wrote:5K ish as a rough calculation.On Fri, Jan 23, 2015 at 11:58 AM, JoshGarza < josh@gaw.com > wrote:We have to start selling today.How much could we sell in allmarkets with messing with the marketper day?
Quote
Date: Wed, 11 Feb 2015 09:57:20 -0600
From: Matthew Eden <
To: Jonah Dorman <
As requested,
The bot was enabled for Cryptsy yesterday afternoon. It's been posting
sell orders at random intervals between 25-35 minutes apart (for random
amounts between 125-175 per sell order).
Below is an image of the Cryptsy market graph for the last 24 hours.
The downward trend on the graph starts shortly after the bot was first
enabled. At the time of the first sell order the price of XPY was
approximately 0.005. The current price is 0.00459.
Probably just a coincidence, but I thought I'd bring it to your attention. Subject: Automated Trading BotDate: Wed, 11 Feb 2015 09:57:20 -0600From: Matthew Eden < mk@btc.com To: Jonah Dorman < jonah@geniusesatwork.com >, Josh Garza < josh@gaw.com As requested,The bot was enabled for Cryptsy yesterday afternoon. It's been postingsell orders at random intervals between 25-35 minutes apart (for randomamounts between 125-175 per sell order).Below is an image of the Cryptsy market graph for the last 24 hours.The downward trend on the graph starts shortly after the bot was firstenabled. At the time of the first sell order the price of XPY wasapproximately 0.005. The current price is 0.00459.Probably just a coincidence, but I thought I'd bring it to your attention.
Quote
Date: Sat, 24 Jan 2015 14:05:51 -0500
From: Josh Garza <
To: Jonah Dorman <
Makes sense, please be sure we are selling today.
Sent from my mobile phone
On Jan 24, 2015 12:21 PM, "Jonah Dorman" <
<mailto:jonah@geniusesatwork.com>> wrote:
Manually selling every 15 minutes is not possible.
Large orders will gather community attention.
We can send several orders today and tomorrow. If I can get access
to the wallets.
I'll see what I can do.
Our scoping of this was delayed yesterday by Evan quitting. I
talked to him and he is staying. It took some time. His reasons
were about the same as Joe and Eric so I explained everything to him.
On Sat, Jan 24, 2015 at 10:54 AM, Josh Garza <
<mailto:josh@gaw.com>> wrote:
i am not sure I saw something on when that system would be done?
In the meantime, we need to be manually doing it. Can you make
sure they happen?
--
*Josh Garza*
*CEO- *GAW Corp
Subject: Re: Selling company xpyDate: Sat, 24 Jan 2015 14:05:51 -0500From: Josh Garza < josh@gaw.com To: Jonah Dorman < jonah@geniusesatwork.com Makes sense, please be sure we are selling today.Sent from my mobile phoneOn Jan 24, 2015 12:21 PM, "Jonah Dorman" < jonah@geniusesatwork.com > wrote:Manually selling every 15 minutes is not possible.Large orders will gather community attention.We can send several orders today and tomorrow. If I can get accessto the wallets.I'll see what I can do.Our scoping of this was delayed yesterday by Evan quitting. Italked to him and he is staying. It took some time. His reasonswere about the same as Joe and Eric so I explained everything to him.On Sat, Jan 24, 2015 at 10:54 AM, Josh Garza < josh@gaw.com > wrote:i am not sure I saw something on when that system would be done?In the meantime, we need to be manually doing it. Can you makesure they happen?--*Josh Garza**CEO- *GAW Corp
Phildo
Offline
Activity: 1526
Merit: 1000
LegendaryActivity: 1526Merit: 1000 Re: GAW / Josh Garza discussion. Paycoin XPY CoinStand Mineral. ALWAYS MAKE MONEY :) April 23, 2015, 03:32:18 PM #33972 Quote from: Matlock on April 23, 2015, 03:15:42 PM
Spelled out exactly. The only was for these companies to make money since is selling coins that were created out of thin air. Why anyone thinks this selling will not move the price down more than people buying to take advantage of this (especially when so many people are sitting on worthless coins) defies logic. This whole thing makes no sense. Anyone stuck in this deserves to be, there has never been 1 plan from GAW/coinstand/anyone that has come close to making sense. Spelled out exactly. The only was for these companies to make money since is selling coins that were created out of thin air. Why anyone thinks this selling will not move the price down more than people buying to take advantage of this (especially when so many people are sitting on worthless coins) defies logic. This whole thing makes no sense. Anyone stuck in this deserves to be, there has never been 1 plan from GAW/coinstand/anyone that has come close to making sense.
bumpershot
Offline
Activity: 532
Merit: 500
Hero MemberActivity: 532Merit: 500 Re: GAW / Josh Garza discussion. Paycoin XPY CoinStand Mineral. ALWAYS MAKE MONEY :) April 23, 2015, 03:32:40 PM #33973 Quote from: holdembot on April 23, 2015, 03:16:47 PM Quote from: bitpop on April 23, 2015, 03:13:13 PM Lol getting caught in Lie and admitting he dumped #paycorned
The email dump confirmed over and over that he dumped from day one, the fact that we still need to point it out just shows that there is no way to convince the hashtards and I hope now that all remaining hashtards give even more money away to Josh.
It is fairgame now.
The email dump confirmed over and over that he dumped from day one, the fact that we still need to point it out just shows that there is no way to convince the hashtards and I hope now that all remaining hashtards give even more money away to Josh.It is fairgame now.
No, see, that wasn't "him", that was "GAW", which a bunch of people own equity in. This difference is important because by extracting cash from "GAW" either by off-the-books bitcoin transfers, off-the-books loans that are never repaid, repaying non-existant off-the-books loans that he made, or off-the-books loans fraudulently obtained in someone else's name, he made "GAW" a worthless set of companies, rendering all of this equity he dished out worthless.
And how was he able to extract all of this money off the books? Well, he was having a relationship with the accountant, and his wife didn't call his member "brilliant" for nothing.
So, GAW was, for some unknown reason, out of cash, so GAW had to sell XPY. Garza didn't have to sell XPY himself until very recently when either SEC or Stuart Frasier attention made it difficult to siphon cash from GAW.
So cash went from GAW to Garza, and GAW sold XPY to make up that cash. Garza never sold XPY until a minute ago, so I have no idea what you're talking about. No, see, that wasn't "him", that was "GAW", which a bunch of people own equity in. This difference is important because by extracting cash from "GAW" either by off-the-books bitcoin transfers, off-the-books loans that are never repaid, repaying non-existant off-the-books loans that he made, or off-the-books loans fraudulently obtained in someone else's name, he made "GAW" a worthless set of companies, rendering all of this equity he dished out worthless.And how was he able to extract all of this money off the books? Well, he was having a relationship with the accountant, and his wife didn't call his member "brilliant" for nothing.So, GAW was, for some unknown reason, out of cash, so GAW had to sell XPY. Garza didn't have to sell XPY himself until very recently when either SEC or Stuart Frasier attention made it difficult to siphon cash from GAW.So cash went from GAW to Garza, and GAW sold XPY to make up that cash. Garza never sold XPY until a minute ago, so I have no idea what you're talking about.
Paul Revere
Offline
Activity: 406
Merit: 250
The Scamcoats are coming!
Sr. MemberActivity: 406Merit: 250The Scamcoats are coming! Re: GAW / Josh Garza discussion. Paycoin XPY CoinStand Mineral. ALWAYS MAKE MONEY :) April 23, 2015, 03:43:59 PM #33979 Quote from: Matlock on April 23, 2015, 03:15:42 PM
40,000 XPY? Or $40,000?? These people on Hashtalk need to nail this lying prick down now that they have him cornered. Now that he openly admits he has been dumping massive quantities of XPY, each and every one of them needs to demand to see the proof of his claims of "only dumping 40,000". Request for him to reveal his and GAW's Cryptsy accounts (I am certain he has more than one), and show both the last 200 trades (under "Trades" tab) AND the complete report from Cryptsy, found under the "tools" tab.
Josh is all about "transparency", right? Put up or shut the fuck up.
40,000 XPY? Or $40,000?? These people on Hashtalk need to nail this lying prick down now that they have him cornered. Now that he openly admits he has been dumping massive quantities of XPY, each and every one of them needs to demand to see the proof of his claims of "only dumping 40,000". Request for him to reveal his and GAW's Cryptsy accounts (I am certain he has more than one), and show both the last 200 trades (under "Trades" tab) AND the complete report from Cryptsy, found under the "tools" tab.Josh is all about "transparency", right? Put up or shut the fuck up. All of my posts are simply statements of my own personal opinions based on available information and pondering what might be possible considering human nature, with the goal of finding truth and preventing fraud. Please look at all of the facts and theories and put your thinking cap on to draw your own conclusions. If you feel that I have made a false statement or have been unnecessarily derogatory, I encourage you to please point it out, and if proven correct and/or reasonable I will remedy it. ~ Paul Revere
THORNTON, Colo. (CBS4)– As far as Melvin Hamilton and Tiana Palma were concerned it was a normal Wednesday afternoon, but without even the slightest hint of what was to come, they were crushed.
Hamilton and Palma were inside a Nissan SUV headed southbound on Interstate 25 just past 136th Avenue when a tire had come off a northbound vehicle, bounced over the center median, and slammed into their car.
Palma says the only thing she remembers is telling Hamilton to brake. Somehow, they ended up on the right side shoulder as other drivers called 911.
“You don't ever think you're driving down the road and somebody's tire is going to fall off,” said Palma who spent one day in the hospital.
“I have no recollection whatsoever of what happened. I don't remember the tire. I remember the EMTs pulling me out. I remember they're talking like there's no way I'm going to make it,” Hamilton said.
He spent nearly a week in the hospital; the first three days were almost a medically induced coma.
“Numerous doctors telling me I'm lucky to be alive. Nurses; I hear it about five or six times a day,” Hamilton said.
Palma only had scrapes and cuts from the broken glass. Hamilton broke his skull, orbital, jaw and right hand. Two weeks after the crash he still has massive black eyes.
“They had to dig glass out of his eyes. It's pretty traumatic,” Palma said.
She went back to the car a few days later.
“Nothing does it justice until you're there and you see all the broken glass and the radio is completely gone. The visors were in the backseat, there is no roof of the car, there is glass and blood everywhere,” Palma said.
Because of the impact, doctors are most concerned about Hamilton's concussion and traumatic brain injury. It is believed he may never regain full function of his brain.
“I have to lay in a dark room after a while. I really can do no chores, it's almost depressing because I like to work and I can't do it,” Hamilton said.
Hamilton and Palma run their own small business. That has now been put on hold while they both recover.
“Bills don't stop,” Palma said. “I just make sure he's not trying to do anything. He's pretty stubborn, he wants to shower by himself, he can't cook, and he can't really walk.”
Friends have set up a GoFundMe account to help with expenses.
Jeff Todd joined the CBS4 team in 2011 covering the Western Slope in the Mountain Newsroom. Since 2015 he's been working across the Front Range in the Denver Headquarters. Follow him on Twitter @CBS4Jeff.
A concise timeline of beer history by Prof. Linda Raley, Texas Tech University.
L. Raley, Instructor, LRaley@hs.ttu.edu
After months of vacancy, Rise Biscuits and Donuts, a North Carolina-based chain, will replace the now-closed Fuzzy's Taco Shop on Guadalupe in early 2018.
Rise will offer a variety of breakfast and lunch options and will be open daily from 7 a.m. to 2 p.m.
“We loved the location, we loved where it was, and we definitely think this is a good food concept for students as well as others,” store co-owner Shashin Desai said.
Desai said that Rise is known for their creative donut flavors.
“We have some funky donuts like our maple bacon bar, which is really popular, and a pineapple basil donut,” Desai said. “We also have the traditional glazed, chocolate glazed and sprinkled, and the donuts are made fresh every day in the store.”
Nursing freshman Kristen Tucker said she plans on going to Rise once it opens because there currently are no donut shops as close to campus.
“If I do go out and get anything for breakfast, I usually get something from the Starbucks in Jester,” Tucker said. “On the weekends I go to Kerbey Lane, but there's not a good donut place around here so I've just been getting Krispy Kreme from Jester like twice a week, but they're not fresh.”
Rise will offer items from both the breakfast and lunch menus all day, and Desai said this variety will attract students wanting different options.
“We can do biscuit sandwiches, and for lunch we also offer sandwiches on large potato roll,” Desai said. “We have quite a wide variety, but our most popular is definitely the chicken biscuit.”
There are currently 14 Rise locations across the south, one of which is outside of Dallas.
“Rise is growing down here in Texas, but it's not at the point where we need it to be yet,” Nolan Ferguson, assistant manager of the Allen, Texas, location, said. “They typically do well in college towns. In North Carolina, there's a line out the door at 7:30 a.m. and it pretty much stays that way until the doors close.”
Ferguson said he believes because of the shop's proximity to campus, Rise will be popular with UT students.
“I think it's in a really good area because kids are waking up and going to their classes early in the morning and even the afternoon classes it'll still be open,” Ferguson said. “So it's gonna be readily available for everyone.”
A child playing in a daycare center (image via Shutterstock).
Employees at a daycare center in Pennsylvania came to work earlier this week to discover that they'd been sent a hateful anonymous letter, presumably from parents, directed at a black employee.
“So most of us noticed you have a black girl working for the daycare,” the anonymous letter read. “Our problem is she's too dark most of the kids is scared of her. I am only telling you this because some of us are planning to pull our kid form the daycare shes an eyesore [sic].”
The letter went on to recommend that if they must “touch all of the nationalities,” the daycare should “maybe hire a light skinned black.”
“I hope you make her aware shes not wanted,” the poorly-written letter continued. “I'm sending her a copy as well. However if she needs a job McDonald's [sic] is always hiring her kind.”
“P.S. Just trying ‘TO MAKE YOUR DAYCARE GREAT AGAIN,'” the letter concluded.
Fellow employees at the daycare posted images of the letter on Twitter. The letter's veracity was verified by Snopes and by an article published in the local Morning Call newspaper.
The image tweeted by the employee identified as “Lexi” soon went viral, causing her to receive threats from Trump supporters that led her to hire a lawyer.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14 (UPI) -- New York-area residents with the last name Sinatra say having the same last name as a late celebrity is not as great as you might think.
Francesco Sinatra Sr. of Staten Island alleged TV actor Tony Danza was so insistent to meet a possible relative of the late crooner Frank Sinatra that he continually pressured him in 2005, the New York Post reported Sunday.
Francis A. Sinatra, a cousin of Francesco's, said his famous last name nearly stopped him from attending Iona College.
"My mother had sent a check, and I never heard back from them," the 55-year-old said. "My mother called, and whoever she spoke to said they had just disregarded the application because they thought it was a joke."
The Post said while New Jersey native Frank P. Sinatra Jr. got a free meal at New York's Rainbow Room thanks to his last name, he left quickly before eatery workers learned he was not related to the music great.
"They said, 'We can't take your money. You're grandfather was like a god here,'" Sinatra Jr. said.
"I looked at my girlfriend and said, 'We've got to get out of here right now.'"
The “S.W.A.T.” reboot at CBS is heating up.
The pilot that already has A-list talent behind the camera has just cast Bond girl Stephanie Sigman in a starring role, Variety has learned exclusively.
Sigman is the first cast member to sign onto the reboot, which is based on the movie of the same name. The pilot follows a locally born and bred S.W.A.T. lieutenant who is torn between loyalty to the streets and duty to his fellow officers when he's tasked to run a highly-trained unit that's the last stop for solving crimes in Los Angeles. Sources say CBS is nearing a deal with an actor for the lead lieutenant role.
Sigman will play Jessica, who's described as ambitious and fastidious, and has earned her high rank at S.W.A.T. headquarters.
The “S.W.A.T.” pilot was written by Aaron Thomas and will be directed by Justin Lin. Both will serve as executive producers, along with Shawn Ryan, Marney Hochman, Neal Moritz, Pavun Shetty, and Danielle Woodrow. Sony Pictures Television and CBS Television Studios are behind the hourlong drama.
The series is based on the 2003 film, which starred Samuel L. Jackson, Colin Farrell, LL Cool J, Michelle Rodriguez, and Jeremy Renner. That movie was based on the 1970s series, produced by Aaron Spelling, which ran for two seasons on ABC.
“S.W.A.T.” is the latest project for Sigman, who's been high in demand ever since her scene-stealing role in the 2015 Daniel Craig movie “Spectre.” She also starred in the first season of Netflix's “Narcos,” and appeared in a few episodes of ABC's anthology series “American Crime” from John Ridley. This is the second consecutive pilot season that Sigman has been cast in a lead role, following Ridley's ABC detective drama, “Presence,” which ultimately was not greenlit to series. Up next for the actress is the sequel to the hit horror movie “Annabelle 2.”
Sigman is repped by ICM, Management 360, and Morris Yorn.
Vladimir Putin said he did not believe in the theory that implicates US intelligence agencies in the deadly 9/11 attack in New York.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Russian President Vladimir Putin said in an interview with US filmmaker Oliver Stone he did not believe in the theory that implicates US intelligence agencies in the deadly 9/11 attack in New York.
On Friday, Stone released the transcript of his interviews with the Russian leader recorded between 2015 and 2017 that had been aired by the Showtime television network earlier in the week. Putin's quotes are given in the translation from Russian into English.
“I don't believe that [the US side planned to stick US whistleblower Edward Snowden in Russia to call him a traitor]. Nor do I believe that the American intelligence services were the ones to organize the terrorist attacks in New York,” Putin told Stone.
On September 11, 2011, Islamist gunmen seized four passenger planes, crashing two into the World Trade Center in New York, which led to the collapse of the twin towers, and another into the Pentagon. The fourth jet came down in a field in Pennsylvania after being initially directed toward Washington D.C. Some 3,000 people lost their lives in the terrorist attack. Putin was one of the first world leaders, to call then US President George Bush to offer his condolences.
GREEN BAY, Wis. -- Try to think of more than one play Trevor Davis made last season.
As a rookie receiver, Davis caught one touchdown pass – a 9-yarder from a scrambling Aaron Rodgers on Oct. 30 against the Atlanta Falcons that was notable because he was one of three receivers to catch their first career regular-season touchdown pass in that game (Geronimo Allison and Jeff Janis were the others).
Outside of that one game, which included all three of his receptions last season, there wasn't much else.
The Green Bay Packers think that may be about to change.
Trevor Davis hopes to make a bigger impact this season. Jason Getz/USA TODAY Sports
“I think he's going to have a really big August for us, and he'll be one of those guys that are going to show up,” receivers coach Luke Getsy said. “And he's shown that this spring. He's made a ton of really, really impressive catches, and assignment wise he's been so much better, so I'm excited to see him grow in August.”
Davis is one of the fastest players on the Packers' roster, if not the fastest. When asked who the fastest man on the Packers' roster was, an NFL scout picked Davis. But he rarely showed off the 4.42-second 40-yard dash speed as a rookie.
“You can't utilize it when you're thinking too much,” Davis said of his speed.
The Packers even tried to take advantage of that speed on special teams, but after he fumbled a punt return and dropped a pass in the Nov. 13 game against the Tennessee Titans, Davis rarely saw the field. He was either a healthy inactive or dressed but did not play in four straight games in December.
This offseason, Davis not only worked out harder than ever – bulking up to 193 pounds, a five-pound increase over his rookie playing weight – but also threw himself into the playbook, which he said is far more complex than his college offense at Cal.
“Last year was difficult for me because I was learning the playbook – I mean it's difficult for everyone who comes in here – and you're focusing more on the plays than anything else,” Davis said. “You want to run the right thing rather knowing why you're running it, how to run it against the type of technique you're running it against. Now I can think about those things and go into camp really knowing the offense better and just being able to make the right decisions.”
The receiver spot is chock-full once again this season, so Davis will have to stand out to make the cut. He can't just rely on being a fifth-round draft pick with too much potential to cut like he was last year, when he was one of seven receivers to make the roster coming out of training camp. There's the possibility that seven could stick again, but there's new competition with a pair of draft picks (DeAngelo Yancey and Malachi Dupre). Among the young receivers, Dupre stood out the most in the offseason program.
“He's made big improvements this offseason, both in his approach and in how fast he's picked up on things,” Getsy said of Davis. “You've got to remember he's a guy who played in that college system where he had to run a slant, he had to run a post and he had to catch a bubble. The mentality part that he had to pick up on, he had a long way to go, and I think he did a great job of slowly coming along, and I think this spring his confidence level is much higher. I'm excited for Trevor.”
Yesterday we learned that Anna Benson—the Baseball Wife who once vowed to sleep with the entire Mets roster if Kris, her pitcher husband, cheated on her—stormed Kris's house in Smyrna, Ga. on Sunday night with a gun, metal baton, and a bulletproof vest, demanding money. He called the cops. Today, the report produced by the cops gives us a fuller picture of what happened.
Anna showed up at Kris's house and walked through the unlocked garage door. She was carrying an extendable metal baton and a purse with a Taurus Judge five-shot revolver in it, and wearing an ammo belt—complete with knife—and a bulletproof vest. (Why was she wearing a bulletproof vest? She told the cops that it was "a new model she was testing for a company." She needed to wear it all the time so that it could mold to her body. Had nothing to do with her plans for Kris, you see.)
Anna found her way to his bedroom, started swinging around the extendable baton—she hit his computer monitor—and told him she needed $30,000, and would hit him. She took the gun out, too. She called him a "pussy" a lot. Kris told her he would get the money, but he needed to go get his wallet. He could get her a lighter, too, while he was out. She needed a cigarette. He then went to the basement, called 911, left the house, and hid in the woods until police arrived.
When they showed up, pointed their guns at her, and placed her under arrest, Anna said she didn't think that she had done anything wrong. She didn't know why it was a big deal. She also said that police ought to look inside Kris's house—there they would find the real crime, "illegal drugs." Lo and behold, the police inventory list includes (in addition to a Taser, a hatchet, and an ammo vest) "1 bag of syringes" and "8 unknown pills." Ladies and gentlemen, we might just have the lamest PED scandal of all time.
Advertisement
The complete inventory now in Smyrna cops' possession:
• 1 Taurus Judge Handgun
• 13 rounds of ammo
• 1 hatchet
• 1 bag of syringes
• 1 hard drive
• 1 ammo vest
• 1 ammo belt (with ammo)
• 1 bulletproof vest
• 1 red knife
• 1 expandable baton
• 1 court order
• 1 black shirt
• 1 2013 Buick Enclave (Anna Benson's)
And here's the whole report:
Recently, my wife and I moved our ecommerce store into a brand-new facility and it was one of the most stressful experiences that we've gone through in awhile.
Now moving is always a pain. But just imagine running a business and trying to fulfill orders while thousands of pounds of inventory are in complete disarray with linens littered all over the office.
On top of that, imagine that you have 4 employees who you must manage efficiently in this environment to move product out the door.
Now my wife and I didn't really want to move, but a few events forced our hand.
First of all, our lease was running out so we needed to either renew the contract or find a new place ASAP.
Second of all, finding a larger space was a necessary evil because we scheduled a 20 ft container of linens to arrive the following week and our old office was too small to store the new shipment:)
I even turned off ads for a brief period during the transition so my wife and I would not go crazy (This was particularly painful for me because I hate leaving money on the table).
Below is a picture of one of the warehouse areas of the new office. It took 6 guys 2 full days to move us in.
Now as someone who teaches ecommerce and strongly encourages entrepreneurship, why am I telling you this?
Well after going through moving hell, I wanted to give you a dose of reality to show you that running an inventory based business is a ton of work and that there's a lot of hardship that goes along with it.
Don't get me wrong. I love running Bumblebee Linens
But there are a few important things that you need to realize about carrying inventory that may not be obvious to new entrepreneurs.
Lesson #1: You Will Be Investing A Significant Portion Of Your Profits Back Into Inventory
Here's the funny thing about running an inventory based ecommerce business.
On paper, you could be insanely profitable but from a cash flow perspective, you could be broke.
Let me explain.
In order to make money with physical products, you have to have product in stock. If there is no product to sell, then you can't make money.
It's that simple.
Inventory costs a lot of money and in order to get the best prices, you need to buy in bulk.
For Bumblebee Linens, we routinely write large checks to fund inventory and we recently dropped 6 figures to purchase enough product to last through the holidays.
Writing 6 figure checks can be scary.
But we make these large purchases because we KNOW that everything will sell over the holidays. And in order to make money, you have to feed the machine.
Now hypothetically speaking, let's say that your margins are 50% and you invest $100K on inventory. This means that you'll bring in $200K in revenue when this batch of merchandise sells out.
Ignoring overhead costs, this is a cool $100K in gross profit. $100K in profit sounds pretty good on paper right?
But let's say that your products continue to fly off the shelves and you start running low on merchandise.
Demand continues to skyrocket and based on your manufacturing lead times and what Amazon tells you, you need to make another inventory purchase of twice the amount to keep your stuff in stock.
So this time, you decide to make an inventory purchase of $200K instead of $100K.
Here's where the problems start…
Lesson #2: Profits Do Not Equate To Cash
First off, spending $200K on inventory is no joke. In this example, this is every single penny that you just made.
Note: You don't have to order this much but if you don't make the investment, you could run out of stock and stunt your growth.
But wait? Don't you need some of this money to live on? How are you going to pay the bills?
At this point, you have to make the difficult decision of whether to go all in on your business or to take some money off the table.
Meanwhile, the tax man can kill you too if you are caught off guard.
Remember when I said that you could be insanely profitable but cash flow starved?
In the previous example, you made $100K in profit which means that you have to pay taxes on this $100K to Uncle Sam at the end of the year.
But wait Steve… Didn't you just spend $200K on new inventory? Shouldn't this cancel out your profits?
Unfortunately by the rules of accounting, you can not deduct your entire cost of inventory as an expense in one fell swoop. You can only deduct the cost of a product once you've completed the sale.
Note: This is the single biggest pitfall that MOST new entrepreneurs overlook!
Assuming a 33% tax rate, you would have to pay $33K in taxes on your profits to Uncle Sam IN ADDITION to the $200K in inventory to fund your business.
So in reality, even though you made $100K in profit on paper, you would still be cash flow negative by 33K!
Lesson #3: Set Aside Some Money For Taxes
I have several friends that realized this fact too late and didn't have enough money saved to pay the tax bill at the end of the year.
Some of these friends had to borrow money or dig into their retirement plans just to pay Uncle Sam even though their businesses were insanely profitable on paper.
Unfortunately, many entrepreneurs fall into this trap.
Anyone who sells on Amazon knows that running out of inventory is one of the worst things that can happen with your business.
And the need to preserve your product rankings often leads to a vicious cycle of increased risk.
You make a killing selling products online which is used to fund your future inventory which continues to increase in cost as your business grows.
And pretty soon, you find yourself writing 6 figure checks and moving to a larger warehouse:).
Right now, I know several colleagues who have borrowed hundreds of thousands of dollars just to make it through this holiday season.
The machine constantly needs to be fed!
Lesson #4: Don't Rely On Amazon As Your Only Sales Channel
Besides worrying about taxes, there's also a lot of risk if you rely on Amazon as your only channel.
In our previous example, we decided to invest 200K on inventory based on Amazon's current sales projections. Our products are flying off the shelves and we don't want to run out!
But let's say that we run out of inventory well before the next shipment arrives.
Well guess what? Our sales rank on Amazon will tank.
And even though we have 200K in inventory on its way, there's no guarantee that our sales velocity will recover. In fact, this has happened to many of my colleagues.
They place a large order based on current projections only to find that sales have tanked and are slow to recover by the time they've received their inventory.
Even worse, I've had friends who have gotten their listings or accounts banned after placing huge orders with their vendors!
All it takes is one accidental bad batch of goods and a small string of negative feedback to put your listing in danger.
And guess what? You're screwed if you don't have another platform to sell your goods.
This is why having your own web property is so important!
In fact, I would not be as confident placing large orders with my vendors if I didn't make the majority of sales on my own site.
After all, no one can ban me and my sales are very predictable from year to year.
Lesson #5: Be Conscious Of Your Growth
Over the years, I've witnessed many ecommerce entrepreneurs who have gotten completely carried away with “feeding the machine”.
And here's the thing.
When you're making sales at an exponential rate, you need to dig deep and remember why you started your business in the first place.
Was it to improve your lifestyle? Or was it to rip your hair out and lose sleep investing large sums of money on inventory? Do you value your free time and is growing exponentially worth the monetary risk?
Expanding any business quickly ALWAYS causes a TON of added stress.
Recently, my wife told me that she longed for the good ole days when our business was only making low six figures.
Why?
It's because things were much easier then. We just had a single employee. Inventory costs were low. We didn't have much overhead and everything was pretty chill. And most importantly, we were already making enough money to fund our lifestyle.
But the problem was that we never saw eye to eye on this. I always wanted to expand, expand, expand.
However after going through the pain of moving offices and seeing our overhead costs and inventory investments continue to rise year after year, I've started to see things from her point of view.
Every aspect of growth causes stress and additional risk. Every employee that you hire. Every new product that you introduce. Every square foot that you invest in your office.
Growth is exciting and challenging but it's also addictive and all consuming so it's important to set some boundaries.
Are You Ready To Start An Ecommerce Business?
Bottom line, you need to understand what you are getting into before starting an inventory based ecommerce business.
If you're not careful, things can quickly escalate into a situation where you have to constantly invest more and more money for product and starve your cash flow even if you're killing it.
If the goal of your ecommerce business is to improve your lifestyle, I encourage you to take some money off the table and control your growth. Don't be so focused on making larger bets than you are comfortable with.
Where I Draw The Line
Today, I'm very mindful of anything that could potentially cause unneeded stress. Even if sales at Bumblebee Linens were to hockey stick, I would be very reluctant to take out a loan to fund the inventory.
I have no desire to scale the number of employees we have. In fact, I'm currently working on ways to reduce headcount by leveraging our manufacturers to do more of the heavy lifting.
Instead of increasing the number of SKUs that we carry, I'm looking to drop the slow movers and focus on the winners.
In a nutshell, I'm spending my time on activities that make life easier even if it's at the expense of short term revenue growth.
I know some of you are shaking your heads at these statements. After all, isn't the goal of a business to expand and take over the world?
Don't get me wrong, I haven't gone soft:). And I still plan on growing my businesses. But I want to do so at a very controlled clip. Growing a business at a steady, manageable pace is fun and relaxing.
Trying to blow things up as quickly as you can? Not so much.
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business?
If you are really considering starting your own online business, then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps. In this 6 day mini course, I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year. Best of all, it's free and you'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies!
Note: This post above may contain affiliate links, which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link. Please consult our privacy policy for more information.
Similar Posts
Have you read these?
Monitoring Erlang Atoms
Roberto Aloi Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 31, 2017
If you are an Erlang user, you probably know what atoms are. Chances are also high that you are aware of the major caveat regarding atoms in Erlang:
“Atoms are not garbage-collected. Once an atom is created, it is never removed. The emulator terminates if the limit for the number of atoms (1,048,576 by default) is reached.”
The text for atoms is stored (once for each unique atom) in an atom table, which is never garbage collected. A configurable limit exists for the number of entries in the table. Hitting the limit (e.g. by dynamically generating atoms) can result in a VM crash.
Atoms are great, but dynamically generating them (e.g. via the list_to_atom/1 function) can lead to trouble. After all, there is a reason why the list_to_existing_atom/1 function exists. Here is an interesting thread on the Erlang Questions mailing list discussing the pros and cons of atoms with input from both Richard A. O'Keefe and Joe Armstrong.
Since having too many atoms can cause your system to crash unexpectedly, it is crucial to keep an eye on the number of entries of the atom table on a long-running production system. Given that at Klarna we have one or two of these long-running systems, we collect a few metrics which help us to do so. Let's see what these metrics are.
In the current version of OTP (19.2 at the time of this writing), information about the memory used for the atom table is available to the user via the erlang:memory/1 function. There are actually two flavours of the same function that can be used. Let's have a look at the first one:
1> erlang:memory(atom).
202481
The function returns the amount of memory used for the atom table itself plus the amount of memory reserved for atom strings at a given point in time. The amount of memory reserved for atom strings grows in chunks. The return value is expressed in bytes.
Let's now look at a slightly different version of the function:
2> erlang:memory(atom_used).
187410
This variant returns the amount of memory used for the atom table itself plus the amount of memory of atom string space actually used. Once again, the return value is expressed in bytes. Thanks to Mikael for confirming the difference for me.
Some weeks ago I was looking at exactly these metrics for a cluster of six Erlang nodes and noticed that the atom table was constantly growing on the nodes. I considered that normal, given that in a long-running Erlang system atoms are created all the time (new modules are loaded, commands are typed in shells, etc). What was weird, though, is that the growth was more evident in one of the nodes.
Erlang atom tables growing over time.
A quick investigation showed that this behaviour started immediately after our latest release. The change-log revealed that a new Erlang application had been deployed and started on exactly that node. That application could have very well been the source of dynamically generated atoms. The issue was worth investigating.
In our monitoring graphs I could only see the memory allocated for the atom table, but what I really wanted to know was how many atoms were present in our production system and whether we were close to the notorious 1M limit or not. Interesting enough, I could not locate any other relevant metric in our monitoring system and, after going through the official Erlang documentation, I got convinced that the information was actually not exposed to the user. It was at that point that my colleague Daniel suggested that it was possible to extract this information from the (semi-undocumented) binary output returned by the erlang:system_info/1 function. Let's have a look at it.
3> erlang:system_info(info).
<<"=memory
total: 13227160
processes: 4383720
processes_used: 4383496
system: 8843440
atom: 202481
atom_used: 187410
bi"...>>
The output is truncated by the Erlang shell, so let's print the return value in a slightly nicer format (output has been truncated):
4> io:put_chars(erlang:system_info(info)).
=memory
total: 13287200
processes: 4394640
processes_used: 4394416
system: 8892560
[...]
=index_table:atom_tab
size: 8192
limit: 1048576
entries: 7227
=hash_table:module_code
[...]
Indeed, the information we need is there. Let's implement a trivial helper module to extract it:
Let's finally see our helper in action:
1> atom_table:count().
7085
Not the best API ever, but at least we got the information we need. Since we believe this is an important metric for any production Erlang system to track, my colleague Mikael raised a pull request to the OTP team suggesting a better way to retrieve this precious information. The PR was accepted, meaning that starting from OTP 20 the following API to retrieve information about the number of atoms in use will be available:
erlang:system_info(atom_count).
Cute, isn't it?
Once we had the metric we wanted, we back-ported the new feature to our own fork of Erlang/OTP and setup a periodic job to send the number of atoms present in our production system to our monitoring tool. That showed that we were way below the 1M limit and that the growth was in fact negligible.
For crucial metrics such as this one, it is usually a good idea to raise an alarm if a predefined threshold is passed and to set the threshold to a very low value (e.g. 50% of the limit). Even in huge Erlang systems it's unlikely to see hundreds of thousands of atoms — so seeing such may highlight problematic dynamic generation of atoms. In that case, we want to be alerted as soon as possible.
Let's now imagine that our system leaks atoms. How can we figure out which atoms are getting generated? There are a few ways for retrieving the list of atoms from a running Erlang system, but my favourite one is the one proposed by legoscia on StackOverflow. It's pure evil and it uses an undocumented feature of the external term format.
We could use the code sample from Stack Overflow to fetch the list of atoms in our system, wait a little bit and then run it again, peeking at the difference. We probably don't even need to run the code in production, since a local workstation or a test system could be enough to spot the root cause behind the unexpected generation of atoms.
If we find atoms being dynamically generated, we may want to ensure that it does not happen anymore. In that case, I'd recommend to use something like the Erlang Style Reviewer Elvis of which my colleague Juan is the main contributor.
But what about you? Are there other Erlang metrics that you track (or that you'd love to track) that are difficult to retrieve or otherwise hidden? Let us know in the comments.
From Popular Mechanics
In the past five years, drones have gone from being an expensive plaything for hobbyists to a much more ubiquitous tool. Inevitable, they've also found their way into the wrong hands. There are growing fears of terrorism involving these tiny flying machines, especially during holidays when hobbyist drones are everywhere. France hopes to combat the drone scourge with the original terror of the skies-eagles.
According to Reuters, the French Air Force began training four eagles last year to attack drones after seeing successful police trails in the Netherlands. These birds' training began at birth with handlers placing their shells on top of a drone, and after hatching, keeping them there during their early feeding period. This helps prepare the eagles to be a drone's worst nightmare.
Here's a video of France's eagle force in action:
The four eagles, whose names come from the main characters in The Three Musketeers, are now ready this month after spending several months of training to take down a drone. According to The Washington Post, the army has already ordered another brood of drone-destroying eagles. All these eagles will be outfitted with special kevlar and anti-blast material to help protect them from the more dangerous elements of the job.
Source: The Washington Post
You Might Also Like
Just over a month ago a Platinum Games-developed, Activision-published Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles game was spotted on the Australian Classification Board. Now that title's Achievements have been leaked on XboxAchievement.com, despite the fact that it's still not been formally announced.
Dubbed Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutants in Manhattan, the following alleged piece of concept art was tweeted last week by XBLA watchdog lifelower.
A Platinum TMNT game for Activision would make sense as the Japanese action game developer previously developed cartoon video game adaptations Transformers: Devastation and The Legend of Korra for the publisher.
Based on the leaked Achievements, we can tell that Mutants in Manhattan contains some sort of online integration, lets you choose which character to play as, and has at least some light stealth elements as there's an Achievement for completing a stage without being spotted. There's also going to be various difficulty settings, at least one secret boss, and numerous side challenges like disarming bombs, transporting various items to portals and protecting pizza trucks.
Most of the argument in the case, Salazar v. Buono, No. 08-472, concerned the tangled history of Mr. Buono's lawsuit. A federal judge in California in 2002 ordered the government to stop displaying the cross, and the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed that decision in 2004. The government chose not to appeal it to the Supreme Court.
Photo
The case before the court arose from a second round of litigation concerning whether the law transferring the land under the cross violated the original order. Much of the argument concerned which issues were still before the court.
The question of the meaning of a cross in the context of a war memorial did give rise to one heated exchange, between Justice Scalia and Peter J. Eliasberg, a lawyer for Mr. Buono with the American Civil Liberties Union Foundation of Southern California.
Mr. Eliasberg said many Jewish war veterans would not wish to be honored by “the predominant symbol of Christianity,” one that “signifies that Jesus is the son of God and died to redeem mankind for our sins.”
Justice Scalia disagreed, saying, “The cross is the most common symbol of the resting place of the dead.”
“What would you have them erect?” Justice Scalia asked. “Some conglomerate of a cross, a Star of David and, you know, a Muslim half moon and star?”
Mr. Eliasberg said he had visited Jewish cemeteries. “There is never a cross on the tombstone of a Jew,” he said, to laughter in the courtroom.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Justice Scalia grew visibly angry. “I don't think you can leap from that to the conclusion that the only war dead that that cross honors are the Christian war dead,” he said. “I think that's an outrageous conclusion.”
Photo
There was a second testy exchange, this one between Mr. Eliasberg and Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. Mr. Eliasberg said the veterans' organization was unlikely ever to tear down the cross if the transfer called for by Congress went through, citing a plaque that Congress ordered to accompany the cross.
The chief justice asked for the text of the plaque.
“ ‘This cross' — in big letters — ‘erected in honor of the dead of foreign wars,' ” Mr. Eliasberg responded.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
A couple of minutes later, Chief Justice Roberts returned to the subject and corrected Mr. Eliasberg. The actual text on the plaque, the chief justice said, was more elaborate: “The cross, erected in memory of the dead of all wars, erected 1934 by members of Veterans of Foreign Wars, Death Valley Post 2884.”
“That's a big difference,” the chief justice said, explaining that the longer version made clear that the cross was not a government memorial.
Mr. Eliasberg apologized and said he had answered in the context of the question of whether the veterans' group would “feel constrained to keep the cross up” in light of a plaque referring to a cross.
“The context of my question,” Chief Justice Roberts shot back, “was, ‘What does the plaque say?' ”
Mr. Eliasberg apologized some more, saying he had not meant to mislead the court.
By Tom Watkins. Nick Valencia and Phil Gast
The suspects are a 17-year-old boy and a 14-year-old boy, Police Chief Tobe Green told reporters Friday. He said they are being held on suspicion of first-degree murder.
Green identified the older suspect as De'Marquise Elkins, saying he will be treated as an adult in criminal proceedings. The 14-year-old was not identified because of his age.
"We are turning every stone to get a motive," said Green. A weapon, believed to be a handgun, has not been found, but police expressed confidence they would find it.
Police said they acted on a suspect description given by the baby's mother, Sherry West, who said she was with her son when the incident occurred.
Officers checked school attendance records to determine who was not in classes Thursday, police spokesman Todd Rhodes said. No other suspects are being sought, he said.
Police offered a $10,000 reward for information and have received more than 30 leads. They were still following them Friday afternoon.
West earlier told reporters that the incident occurred at 9 a.m. Thursday as she was walking home from the post office, pushing her son Antonio in a stroller.
"A boy approached me and told me he wanted my money, and I told him I didn't have any money. And he said, 'Give me your money or I'm going to kill you and I'm going to shoot your baby and kill your baby,' and I said, "I don't have any money and don't kill my baby."
The boy tried to grab her purse and opened fire when she said tried to tell him she had no money, West said, grazing her head. She said the boy then shot her in the leg.
West continued, "And then, all of a sudden, he walked over and he shot my baby in the face."
West said she tried to perform CPR on her son and that the police took over when they arrived, but to no avail. "We lost him," she said.
During the incident, the smaller of the two boys was hiding behind the larger one, she said. "I don't know whether it was his brother or a friend."
West had said she hopes the boys will receive the maximum sentence possible. "If they can use a gun like an adult, then they can be charged like an adult," she said. "I want to see lethal injection or at least life in prison. This child did nothing to him. He was innocent and helpless."
Though no one has reported seeing the shooting, several people called 911 after hearing it, police spokesman Todd Rhodes said earlier.
The city's website describes Brunswick, with a population of about 15,000, as "one of the most unique, historic and visually stunning places in the world." It boasts 19th century Victorian-style homes, century-old oaks and magnolia tree-lined streets.
T-Mobile again expanded its free streaming program Binge On this morning, with the addition of Apple Music and fifteen other providers, including video services like ABC, Fox Now, FXNOW, Disney Channel, Disney Jr., Disney XD, NAT GEO TV, DISH Anywhere, and others. This brings the total number of video providers now participating in Binge On to over 100 since the service's launch just eight months ago, notes the company.
Binge On, which is part of T-Mobile's “UnCarrier” marketing campaign, lets customers stream music and video without tapping into their mobile data. To date, T-Mobile customers have streamed over 765 million hours of video data-free, which the carrier says contributes to longer watch times, more frequent viewing, and, for participating providers, the ability to sell more subscriptions.
According to a T-Mobile-led study, it claims that 85 percent of Binge On providers expect customers to increase their viewing times and 80 percent will watch more often. Forty-five percent of those with paid subscriptions expect to increase sales. (Keep in mind, of course, these are “expectations” – not hard data.)
However, the program itself has come a long way over the past several months. T-Mobile has worked out some of the kinks with regard to the complaints larger video providers had, as with Google and YouTube. Earlier this year, YouTube and Google Play Movies & TV finally joined the program after T-Mobile addressed Google's criticism of its program, which said that T-Mobile was unfairly throttling video without user consent.
The carrier has since made it easier for end users to turn Binge On's service on or off, and video service providers can now opt out of having their streams modified by T-Mobile. They can also choose to participate in the program, but manage their video streams themselves, giving the video provider more control.
As a result of the free streaming, T-Mobile said at the beginning of the year that customers were watching more than twice as much as before – a figure it reconfirmed in March. Customers are also able to watch for longer – or, as T-Mobile says today, “hundreds of millions of extra hours” – because their high-speed data lasts up to three times longer when they stream via Binge On.
The full line-up of new services added today include:
Ballast Point To Open Brewery, Restaurant & Rooftop Bar In Fulton Market District
By Stephen Gossett in Food on Jul 27, 2017 7:48PM
Ballast Point
Chicago's crowded beer scene will soon make room for a familiar name from the West Coast. San Diego-based Ballast Point announced on Thursday plans for a new multi-use facility Fulton Market.
Slated to open early in 2018, the 12,000-square-foot space will include a "research and development" brewery, taproom restaurant and rooftop bar, according to the company.
Drinkers can expect to see a handful of limited-edition, Chicago-only beers, plus Ballast Point's regular roster. The brewery is probably most well known for their IPA (not surprising from a California brewer), the flagship Sculpin IPA—a 7 percent ABV, 70 IBU number that leans on the floral, fruity end of the IPA spectrum.
Ballast Point has six tasting rooms in California and a brewery and tasting room in Virginia. This will be their first move into the Midwest. The Tribune reports that the Chicago brewery will take root on Green Street in a former pork processing plant—which is pretty much the cycle of Fulton Market these days.
Ballast Point started out in 1996 and ran as an independent brewer until beverage titan Constellation Brands, Inc. (Corona, Modelo Especial, Negra Modelo, PacÃ­fico,) acquired the brand in 2015 for a whopping $1 billion, looking to beef up the craft end of its portfolio. Constellation also has offices in downtown Chicago.
This post has been updated.
Image caption The EDL has staged demonstrations after the death of Drummer Lee Rigby
A list apparently showing the contact details of English Defence League members has been published online.
It has been posted by people claiming to be part of a computer hacking network known as Anonymous.
Names and addresses of more than 200 people from all over the country are on the list.
The post from a group calling itself Anonymous UK also includes the mobile telephone numbers of people it claims to be senior members of the EDL.
It said the EDL "should have expected this" and warned it to "expect more".
The publication followed an audio message, recorded with a computerised voice and published on YouTube, from Anonymous UK to the EDL that accused the far-right group of taking "advantage of moments of fear and terror to spread hatred and animosity".
'Constant belligerence'
It likened the EDL to a "pack of raving ignoramuses" and said the group's "constant belligerence" would further "only bigotry and segregation".
The message added: "You have angered us considerably, and summoned our wrath irrevocably."
The EDL has held several demonstrations since the death of Drummer Lee Rigby, the soldier who was killed in Woolwich, south-east London, last week.
It is unclear whether the people listed are actually members of the EDL.
A similar list of names of supposed British National Party members, published in 2008, included some people who turned out not to be members.
More than 1,000 EDL protesters gathered in London on Monday and were addressed by EDL leader Tommy Robinson.
A smaller group of anti-fascist protesters gathered to oppose the EDL.
Scotland Yard said 13 people were arrested for public order offences. The figure was thought to include both EDL and anti-fascist protesters.
ETHICS STATEMENT: I was paid to DP this film but that is all. All thoughts on this camera now and in the future are my own and will never be influenced by any monetary or contractual arrangement. My ethics are incredibly important to me…my whole site is based upon them. I may change my opinion of things over time, but that is my prerogative and is always going to happen! Read more on my ethics statement here. Ethics Statement
Last month, I was lucky enough to be director of photography on a little project for Panasonic in LA. A film made to promote the brand new GH3 camera from Panasonic.
The camera was a very pre-production until so many of the cool features on offer in the spec list were not fully functional for us so I can't comment on them until I get my hands on a production camera.
What I can say is it's bigger and it's heavier…it's also a massive step up from the previous model and has a superb 72mb/s All-I codec which is a world away from the compressed-as-hell AVCHD codec that we are used to on many cameras and on all their previous GH series cameras.
I have been using the GH series of cameras ever since I got my hands on a pre-production GH1, 3 and a half years ago. I shot some lovely stuff on that and of course the GH2. My favourite piece being my mum cooking! Excellent cameras that have been adopted into the low budget filmmaking community, especially since the hack to give the GH2 an ALL-I codec surfaced. One of the best things about this camera is that Panasonic have seen this and responded with their new 72 mb/s All-I codec here. It's more than enough for a camera this size and very robust indeed!
In the early camera we had there been a number of user selectable video recording settings which gave us the AVCHD options as well as .MOV options (which are labelled for use only on high-end editing systems!) There are a number of bit rates options the highest being the 72mb/s that we used…again due to the early nature of the camera it was tricky figuring out exactly what was what (this will of course be way easier in the final camera) but the big news is there is an ALL-I setting for 60p and 24p. From the camera we had it didn't look like there was 25p and 50p. I believe these will be available in the “PAL” version, this will be at a loss of 30p and 60p I believe but will still have 24p…Remember the Gh2 only got 25p through firmware hacks initially then finally through an official release at the end of last year. It would be nice to have all the frame rates available in the camera like Canon and Nikon do…
Personally, I think this is the step up this camera needed to be used in more professional environments, though without losing its mass appeal. With the Blackmagic camera micro four thirds, we could be coming into the time of this format. Great for me. I have a crap load of glass for the system and would like to use it more!
We did have a few minor tech issues due to the early camera. The biggest hurdle for us was the HDMI out was not giving us a live feed, just playback…again this will be working fully in the release camera for sure. What I don't know is if the camera outputs a fully recordable uncompressed clean signal for recording on external recorders
Not being able to use a monitor was very challenging for a lot of the big lighting setups so I had my laptop at my side, recording a little bit, pulled the card out to check then tweaked. For the handheld it was no issue as I went off the back screen. For the shots operated by Terry we simply had to go with that old thing that is not used that much anymore…trust! “hey Terry how was that? Did you nail it?” He would say yes or no….not ideal but it worked, sometimes he asked for playback to check it most of the time we just moved on as there was a lot to cover in our 3 days of shooting.
The sensor had a couple of tiny marks on which pop up here and there in some shots. Naturally this was down to the early nature of our camera…
Handling on the camera is also much improved, feeling much more solid in your hand. Better controls with a back dial like on other DSLRs and some fantastic features like 1080p 60p for nice slow motion ability. This is available in some DSLRs, notably the Alpha A77 but it's AVCHD so by time you slow it down to slow motion you are half your AVCHD bitrate and it falls apart. This is MUCH better!
Written and directed by Bruce Logan, ASC (he shot Tron!) this film was designed to shoot in a number of scenarios to test out the camera. Harsh contrast, interior lighting, direct sunlight, low light, fast movement, handheld…we tried most things. I especially loved the much improved low light performance. The camera was operated by the terrific Terry Bowen and I did a lot of the handheld low light stuff… The arrest sequence, the subway and the taxi shots. That is the joy of small cameras, going and filming small and fast with limited light, but we also used this camera with a full crew as you can see from the credits below.
We used simple lighting set ups for much of it. Lots of bounce and negative fill to add contrast. In the taxi, I lit Chrissy with my iPad! Great little tool that 🙂 At travel town for the end sequence we had a very robust lighting set up of around a dozen lights or so, as we had to light the whole station from scratch. Quite a task. There are a few BTS photos of that below too…
I can't review the camera as such for now..that will have to wait until a release camera or close to release camera is available but going from what I have seen and used so far it's a massive step up from the GH2 in build quality, feel, image, low light. All important stuff. It is more expensive for sure and it's a shame the price couldn't have been kept closer to that of the GH2 as this camera is exceptional for the low budget crowd…but it's still cheap for what it does, just look at how much more is on offer both in stills and video. Oh yeah… the ex tele conv mode is still present on this new model, it samplea the native pixels of the 1080p image to give us an in camera crop without loss of quality is present and we used it a few times. Very useful indeed! Check out the speeding car at dusk panning to the right shot. That was shot with it!
Lens wise we used all micro 4/3 or 4/3 glass…Mostly my own glass. We shot a lot on the great Voigtlander 25mm F0.95, used on almost all the low light stuff …a couple of shots on the SLR Magic 12mm F1.6. My Olympus 14-35 F2 was our workhouse. Used this A LOT. Also my 35-100 F2. Great glass. Not ideal for movie shooting though, with the loss of focus when zooming in and fiddly focus. Lots of Lumix glass was used too – especially the brand-new lenses coming out soon! I didn't get a chance to use the 17.5 Voigtlander on this shoot but it's another cracking lens from them that is perfect for this camera!
Before you ask about direct comparisons with the GH2, I am afraid I did none. We were very busy on this shoot with very long days and also doing a side by side comparison with a pre-production camera made no sense…that will come soon I am sure!!
I wasn't able to test the audio, but there IS a headphone jack..HURRAH!!
I hope you enjoy our little film. This really is a great new tool for us filmmakers. Just remember though, this is a tool…not a religion 🙂 ALSO do watch the terrific BTS video by Mick Jones below…Please follow Micky on tTwitter He is real talent. Great filmmaker and multi award winner. There is also a short interview with write director Bruce Logan below that.
HUGE thanks to Steve Weiss for the rig/ support gear for the camera. He has done a video going over the options for the GH3. You can order them/ read more about them by clicking here or the banner below. Also here are some options for handheld rigs for the GH3…
Zacuto's First Look at the Panasonic Lumix GH3 from Steve Weiss on Vimeo.
Genesis from Philip Bloom on Vimeo.
Panasonic GH3: Behind the scenes from Philip Bloom on Vimeo.
I asked director Bruce Logan a few questions about the project for this post:
How did this project come about?
I was the administrator for the Zacuto 2012 Revenge of the Great Camera shoot out. In that test, one of the cameras was the GH2 and it drew a lot of attention when Francis Ford Coppola picked it as his favorite camera. At the suggestion of one of the camera accessory vendors, Panasonic asked me to partner with Philip Bloom to make a short film which would highlight some of the new features of the GH3.
You wrote and directed it…were there specific things you wanted to demonstrate that the camera could do when writing it?
One of the features I was most excited about was the ability to shoot slow motion at full 1920 x 1080 with progressive frames. Writing the story, I wanted to shoot both wide landscapes and intimate interiors, both during the day and also at night to show the full range of the camera.
How freeing is it to work with a small camera and one that doesn't require too much light?
One of the most amazing things about the camera was its ability to shoot night exteriors with existing natural light outside. We have a scene where our hero is busted by the cops. I had planned for us to light this exterior sequence, but when we got there and put on the F/0.90 25mm lens, we found that we could shoot in the natural city street lighting and with the flashing police car light. Amazing stuff. This of course is very liberating for the filmmaker and greatly reduces the amount of time it takes to shoot a scene.
How important is a camera to a filmmaker?
A camera is of course the heart of the filmmaking process, and the camera's ability to deliver features that make the process easier is the magic that the manufacturers contribute to the process. However in telling a story, I have found that the process is the same whether I'm using the smallest DSLR or a blimped 65mm Panavision Camera. So, although I love cameras and all the new feature and abilities they bring to the party, they are basically tools for telling stories, and that always has to be my main focus.
You have worked on some incredible films, 3 of which are in my top ten. Do you think science fiction is a genre you may revisit?
Science fiction is a genre which has followed me, more that I have followed it. Excluding films that I have worked on, there are Science fiction films which are in my top ten films of all time, including Blade Runner and Close Encounters of the Third Kind. But working in the genre have been some of my most seminal filmmaking experiences and I look forward to doing it again soon.
What was it like working with me? 😉
When I first heard I was going to work with Philip Bloom I was both excited and nervous at the same time. Philip is a fantastic photographer and I have enjoyed his work for a long time. But most of the stuff I have seen has been with small crews, if any, and been very personal storytelling. I wanted to do Genesis in the Hollywood filmmaking style with a full camera crew, a gaffer, grip and a camera operator, etc etc. and I was not sure how Philip would enjoy working that way. But, he loved it and he worked exactly as I would have expected a Hollywood DP to work. But in addition he bought a facility with DSLRs and menu selections and was fantastic in workarounds for all the problems inherent in working with prototype cameras. So I can't wait to work with him again.
Honestly…do you miss film?
I'm over film. It's in the past. Yes I hanker for a great black and white print where you can actually see the the crystals of silver halide dancing around on the screen, but modern color film emulsions have grain structures which look just like electronic noise to me. Of course in film the dancing grain actually help to define the image in greater detail, where as in digital the noise is just superimposed on the image, but all digital has to do is double its resolution (which it seems to do every five years) and the result is the same or better. I love to file based workflows and desk top color-control technologies which put the control that lots of people had on my projects back into my hands. I'm not going back!
Written and directed by: Bruce Logan
Producers: Elliot Lewis Rosenblatt and Bruce Logan
Director of Photography: Philip Bloom & Bruce Logan ASC
Cast:
Hero: Jeffrey Joslin
Heroine: Crissie Randall
Child: Madaline Galante
Cop1; Skoti Collins
Cop2: Orlando Wilson
Homeless man: Mark Miller-Summer
Taxi Driver: Vahik Avedian
Production Manager: Kara Scobey
1st AD: Lee Davis
Camera Operator: Terry Bowen
1st AC: Ariel Benarroch
2nd AC: Danit Sigler
Key Grip: Stacy Slevek
Gaffer: Mark Meisenheimer
BB Grip: Mike Wesby
Swing: Justin Bernard
Swing: Joe Webb
Costume Designer: Dawn Ritz
Assistant Wardrobe: Christine Fuller
Hair/ Makeup: Lauren Ishi
Art Director: Lauren Ishi
Art Director: Ron Volz
Lead Editors:
Daniel Skubal
Scott Lynch
Editors:
Chase Kubasiak
Chris Voelz
Post Production Supervisor: Scott Lynch
Colourist: Bruce Logan
Behind the scenes: Mick Jones
PAs:
Damien Lang
Jeremy Brown
Elmera Asadipour
Darron Zimmet
Interns:
Chris Bokari
Valerie Much
Pat Sarnaki
Allison Shelley
Casting: Amy de Souza
Craft Services: Samantha Mokwa
Programming is wonderful! Literally full of wonders. As you write code, it becomes complex, unpredictable, and surprising and you, the author, are never quite sure what it will do. Last weekend, I wrote parts of an AI for a Tetris-like game. It is based on an algorithm called Monte Carlo Tree Search. The approach is deceptively simple, but fascinating…
See for yourself in this screencast:
This program was my team's entry to the International Contest in Functional Programming, a weekend-long programming competition. The contest challenges participants to save the world by playing a Tetris-like game on a hexagonal grid. Participants write a program that receives a specification of the grid, the blocks and their order, and a time limit within which it needs to produce a sequence of moves. Programs receive points for every block played and for lines cleared. There were additional challenges in the competition, but this blog post focuses on our Tetris AI.
How do computers play Tetris? Our program does it very differently than a human being would. Human players use various heuristics, like keeping the stacks low or avoiding holes. In contrast, the AI is based almost entirely on simulation and on a clever strategy called Monte Carlo Tree Search. Here is how it works:
For every move, the AI evaluates hundreds of alternatives, and chooses the most interesting one based on random playouts. A random playout simply means: “make random moves until the game ends, and report the final score.” Moves with a high average playout score are probably better than moves with a low average playout score.
In our program, this looks as follows (actual, just slightly simplified code. Would you guess this plays Tetris?):
def addPlayout () { val playoutBoard = board . clone () while ( playoutBoard . isActive ) { playRandomMove ( playoutBoard ) } numPlayouts += 1 sumScores += playoutBoard . score }
One problem is that there are billions of move combinations, many more than the AI could ever evaluate. This is where Monte Carlo Tree Search has a really clever solution: a playout is always added to the most interesting move, where interestingness takes both exploration and exploitation into account.
Exploration means that the AI tries to explore moves that it knows little about. It wants to explore the move with the fewest number of playouts. Exploitation means that the AI should not waste time on bad moves. It wants to explore the move with the highest average score.
Here's an example for a particular game situation:
. . . . . . . . . . o . . ● ● ● . . . . move | avg score playouts o o o . . . . . . . -----|---------------------- o o o . . o o o . . E | 666 233 o o . . . o o o o . W | 651 205 . o . . o o o . . o SE | 641 189 . . o o o o o . o o SW | 645 195 . . o . o . o o o o CW | 662 225 . o o o o o o o o o CCW | 671 247 . . o . o o o o o .
Here, the AI has most deeply explored moves starting with rotating counter-clockwise. It has spent 247 of its playouts on that option (mostly on the combination “rotate counter-clockwise, then move south-west, then …”) If it were to perform more explorations, it would explore “go south-east, then rotate clockwise, then” because that move is relatively unexplored.
After all these evaluations, the AI chooses to rotate counter-clockwise. It does not necessarily choose the options with the highest score (although in this case CCW does have the highest score). Instead, it chooses the option with most playouts, because that move has consistently been interesting.
Bugs'n'Pieces
Completely random playouts are a rather stupid way of evaluating how promising a move is. In the situation above, most sequences of random moves immediately lose the game. I believe that adding a few heuristics to the playout would be the single most effective way of improving our AI.
I learned a lot about hexagonal grids during this weekend. The Hexagonal Grids page from Red Blob Games has been a treasure trove of information about rotations, cube coordinates, and much more.
One last story I want to tell is about a really interesting bug that we've produced during the contest. We found it while watching the AI play, and thinking “hey, this is curious…?” The game rules specify that a block needs to be centered at the top of the grid when it enters play. To center it, our code first computes the width of the block. It turns out that on a hexagonal grid, this is not so easy, because the width depends on the vertical position of the block.
This was very counter-intuitive to me, but here is an example:
columns used width . . . ● . . . 4 . ● ● . . . 2, 3 2 to 4 = 3 . . . ● . . . 4 . . . . ● . 5 . . . ● ● . . 4, 5 4 to 5 = 2 . . . . ● . 5
This issue caused us to spawn the block in the wrong position. Because of this, our solution received zero points whenever the game contained blocks of that particular shape… until we found and fixed the bug.
Our code is now open-source. If you like it or have comments, let me know!
On March 13, Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi will inaugurate the Egypt Economic Development Conference in the resort city of Sharm el-Sheikh. The main objective of the conference is to put Egypt back on the world investment map. Sisi's government is aiming to achieve a target of $60 billion of foreign investment in the coming five years. This ambitious amount would close Egypt's resource gap and would generate sufficient growth to absorb growing unemployment.
Sisi came to power with two key promises: to restore stability and security and to substantially improve the dire economic conditions of Egyptians. The conference will be a critical milestone for Sisi's presidency. However, political and economic conditions in Egypt and in the region may make his task challenging.
A list of 60 major projects in almost all economic sectors will be awaiting potential investors in Sharm el-Sheikh. The key sectors are the energy and mining, housing and utilities, and transportation and logistics sectors. Some of these projects will be targeting private investment, while others will be targeting public investment either directly or through public-private partnerships. Projects also vary considerably in order of magnitude, ranging from millions to billions of dollars. The list also contains projects that are in their early stages such that there is no estimate of their required capital investment. Of particular importance on this list are at least ten electrical power generation stations, primarily in Upper Egypt and the Suez Canal region, and the Suez Canal development project.
Paul Salem on the EEDC and how economic development factors into Egypt's domestic political agenda.
The government has put all of its weight behind the conference to ensure a successful outcome. It is also sending positive signals to foreign governments, financial institutions, and the investment community through new legislation.
Draft laws were put forth prior to the conference with the objective of improving the investment climate. They include a new investment law whose articles include a wide array of investment incentives; a highlight is barring third parties from disputing government contracts with investors, as this was a major complaint from investors. Another substantive move is a change in the penal code such that fines and penalties are punishment for financial crimes instead of imprisonment. Another significant new law opens the door for the first time for private sector participation in energy production and distribution. Another draft law on the civil service could potentially reshape the large Egyptian bureaucracy by introducing early retirement and changing the criteria for promotion. An ongoing and all-important development since Sisi assumed power has been the tackling of the previously untouched energy subsidy. Despite these steps forward, over the past few weeks the Egyptian pound has depreciated against the U.S. dollar to an historic low.
Egypt's political atmosphere is still turbulent and its security conditions are far from stable. In early March, the constitutional court struck down the controversial elections law, putting on hold the long-anticipated parliamentary elections. In addition to postponing a revival of political life, this creates legislative confusion. Sisi and his predecessor, Adly Mansour, by virtue of their legislative authority in the absence of a parliament, issued hundreds of laws. As dictated in the current constitution, all of these laws must be revised by the elected parliament within 15 days of its first session or be annulled. Now it is not clear when this new parliament will be elected.
In the past, security challenges had been limited to border towns in northern Sinai, but the past few months have witnessed a higher frequency of violent incidents across the country. There has also been a qualitative change in the type of attacks, from targeting security personnel to targeting civilian locations such as commercial malls, shops, and streets, as well as foreign companies perceived as supporting the Sisi government or participating in the conference. For instance, retail shops of Etisalat, an Emirati mobile operator, have been the target of several attacks. Indeed, radical opponents of the Sisi government appear to be stepping up attacks to ensure that the Sharm el-Sheikh conference does not succeed.
Also See: Egypt's Economy: Hanging in the Balance
On the economic front, the government still has to tackle key constraints that hinder investment in Egypt. Sluggish legal institutions, dysfunctional government bureaucracy, and rampant corruption are still major obstacles to a healthy and welcoming economic environment. Even domestic investors are discouraged by these challenges, let alone foreign investors who know less about how to deal with them. The most problematic issue for doing business in Egypt, according to the Global Competiveness Report, is policy instability. The top tax rate on income has changed numerous times during the past few years, with the latest change instituted just days ago. The last four years have seen turbulent changes; on the economic side, Sisi and his team have to communicate a clear and stable economic vision with a sustainable policy environment for investors over the coming years.
The conference has attracted international attention. To what extent this interest and attention will be translated into major commitments and actual investment is a critical question. Saudi Arabia, the UAE, and Kuwait have been the main economic allies of Egypt over the past year and a half; how much other major economic players will step up their economic engagement with Egypt remains to be seen. The political atmosphere and economic environment in Egypt suggests that it may be a while before that happens. The subsequent critical question will be whether such investment, when it does arrive, would be sustainable and deliver economic prosperity.
Media playback is not supported on this device Leicester City: Craig Shakespeare 'out of order' for wanting Foxes job
Leicester City caretaker boss Craig Shakespeare is "out of order" for wanting to replace Claudio Ranieri, says ex-Arsenal defender Martin Keown.
The Foxes beat Hull 3-1 on Saturday and have won both of their games under Shakespeare since Ranieri's sacking.
"Suddenly he wants to be a manager. It doesn't sit that comfortably with me," Keown said on Match of the Day.
"If you're a assistant manager to Ranieri and he's walked, why is it you suddenly want to be the manager?"
Shakespeare, 53, has never managed full-time and was brought to Leicester by Ranieri's predecessor Nigel Pearson.
He says he expects to speak with the Leicester hierarchy about his future next week.
"You have personal ambition, but I think it's almost out of order that he wants to jump in for that job," said Keown.
"Surely they'll go for a manager who is bigger with more experience."
Former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy added: "While Craig Shakespeare is winning, leave him in charge. Why change? Let him carry on."
Media playback is not supported on this device Leicester 3-1 Hull: Craig Shakespeare praises resilient Foxes
'My remit was to win these two games'
Speaking after his side moved five points clear of the relegation zone, Shakespeare said: "My remit was to win these two games and that's what we've done," he said.
"The owners will make a decision for the good of the club and until I talk to them I don't know what that will be. But as I have said previously, I'm comfortable with that.
"I can't control it and there's no point worrying about it."
Does Shakespeare have a good chance?
Craig Shakespeare has spent eight years at Leicester, working as assistant manager to Nigel Pearson and Claudio Ranieri
Leicester had not scored a league goal in 2017 until Shakespeare took charge, but have now scored six in two games - twice as many Premier League goals as they did in their last 10 matches under Ranieri.
Shakespeare has never managed a club before but has a long association with the Foxes.
The Englishman was a assistant manager to Nigel Pearson for two years from 2008, following Pearson to Hull in 2010 before they both returned to Leicester a year later.
Following Pearson's sacking in 2015, Shakespeare remained at the club as Ranieri's assistant.
Leicester are believed to have spoken to a number of potential candidates to replace Ranieri, but could also consider giving Shakespeare the job until the end of the season.
Who else is in the frame?
Former Fulham and Liverpool boss Roy Hodgson has not managed at club level since leaving West Brom in 2012
The Foxes have held informal discussions with former England boss Roy Hodgson.
The 69-year-old has been out of work since leaving the international set-up after the Three Lions lost to Iceland at Euro 2016.
Pearson, who saved Leicester from relegation in 2014-15, has also been linked with a return.
Guests: Guy Branum Guests: Wynter Mitchell Guests: Oliver Wang Guests: Margaret Wappler
Guy, Wynter, Oliver, and Margaret talk about all things Florida. Also, producer Christian gets on mic to discuss E3 and VR! He's the coolest. Margaret nerds out over Game of Thrones, Wynter has some things to say about The Neon Demon, Guy finds a summer jam he loves, and Oliver chats about Henry Stone's impact on the Florida music scene.
You guys, the search for the Song of the Summer is still on, so look for the official thread on the Pop Rocket Facebook group and send in your submission!
NOTE: Mild Game of Thrones “Battle of the Bastards” spoilers starting at 04:15 and ending at 08:28. You have been warned.
With Guy Branum, Wynter Mitchell, Oliver Wang, Margaret Wappler and special guest appeance by Producer Christian Dueñas
That's My Jam:
Wynter Mitchell - Trick Daddy – I'm A Thug
Oliver Wang - DJ Magic Mike and MC Madness – Dynamic Duo
Margaret Wappler - Kiss it Better (Kaytranada Remix
Guy Branum - Fleur East – Play That Sax (as nominated by Hiko Mitsuzuka on the Pop Rocket Facebook group)
Each week we'll add everyone's jams to this handy Spotify playlist.
You can let us know what you think of Pop Rocket and suggest topics in our Facebook group or via @PopRocket on Twitter.
Produced by Colin Anderson & Christian Dueñas for MaximumFun.org.
Special prosecutor Robert S. Mueller III. (Kevin Lamarque/Reuters)
As a member of the House Judiciary Committee, Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-Tex.) was given the opportunity to pose questions to FBI Director Christopher A. Wray during a hearing Thursday. Picking up on a line of argument that has pervaded conservative media over the past week, Gohmert centered his attention on the political leanings of members of the bureau.
“Are you aware,” he asked Wray, that Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe “was involved in highly charged political cases that have been controversial due to his political leanings? So I want to ask you if you are aware of any other senior FBI executives that are aligned with McCabe's political views? Yes or no?”
This, in itself, is a misleading statement. McCabe became a favorite punching bag of Donald Trump on the 2016 campaign trail because his wife, Jill, ran as a Democrat for the Virginia Senate. She received campaign contributions from a political action committee linked to Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D). Trump claimed that his opponent, Hillary Clinton, had directed the funding by her ally McAuliffe, implying that she was hoping to indirectly influence Andrew McCabe's work, which included evaluating Clinton's use of a private email server.
[FBI director defends bureau's integrity as GOP lawmakers press him on Trump, Clinton probes]
In reality, the funding that Jill McCabe received was one of a number of contributions — several of which were larger — made in support of Democratic candidates. What's more, she lost the state Senate race in November 2015, months before her husband assumed responsibility for the Clinton email investigation.
Gohmert's question, in other words, is predicated on incorrect information. But he's not asking explicitly about the 2015 campaign of McCabe's wife: Instead he's asking about FBI staff members who are “aligned with McCabe's political views” — that is, being a Democrat (which Gohmert apparently believes McCabe to be, since his wife is).
“I'm not aware of any senior FBI executives who are allowing improper political considerations to affect their work with me right now,” Wray replied.
Gohmert wasn't done. He began listing various FBI employees, asking Wray if he was aware of their “openly aligning themselves with the political bias expressed by McCabe or openly speaking against this administration.” Wray uniformly defended the people mentioned and, at one point, disputed the premise of Gohmert's question about McCabe's “political bias.”
[Republicans hammer Mueller, FBI as Russia investigation intensifies]
The overall effect of Gohmert's questioning was reminiscent of efforts in the 1950s to root out Communist infiltrators in U.S. institutions. One might have expected ranking Democratic member Jerrold Nadler (D-N.Y.) to interject with a rousing “Have you no sense of decency?”
We should not let the unusual nature of the interaction distract from the fundamental issue, though. Gohmert was suggesting that members of the FBI who might have acknowledged holding a position sympathetic to the Democrats would be unable to investigate a Republican president fairly. It's a natural endpoint for the political conversation over the past several years, but that should not detract from how shocking and unfounded that assumption is.
Trump himself has disparaged the team assembled by special counsel Robert S. Mueller III to investigate Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election by citing some members' loose ties to Democratic politicians. At its core, that team has well over a century of experience at the Justice Department serving under presidents of both parties. That some of them made contributions to Democratic candidates was presented by Trump as evidence of hopeless corruption of their ability to evaluate him and his presidential campaign fairly. News that an FBI agent was removed from Mueller's team after the discovery of text messages apparently criticizing then-candidate Trump drew more agita from the president and his defenders.
[Top FBI official assigned to Mueller's Russia probe said to have been removed after sending anti-Trump texts]
This is part of a long-standing strategy of Trump. He frames his critics as being hopelessly partisan and then seizes on anecdotal examples as proof that he's right. The media was in the tank for Clinton during the campaign, he would claim, using that assertion to brush off reporting about his own misstatements and flip-flops. During the transition, he railed against the intelligence agencies he would soon manage as being riddled with Barack Obama loyalists, as largely evidenced by their having been staffed by people who were then working for Obama. Even his own former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was described as having worked in the Obama White House by Trump's lawyers after Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI.
As Mueller's team has begun rolling out charges like those against Flynn, Trump's defenders are pushed into a weird space, simultaneously dismissing those charges as minor or removed from Trump and disparaging Mueller as deeply nefarious in his intentions.
If you're looking to rally your political base against an opponent, there are few more powerful charges than partisan bias. Partisanship runs deep, with members of one party generally viewing the policies of the other — or the party itself — as a threat to the country. Casting an opponent as a Democrat, in other words, may be nearly as potent to Republicans today as portraying someone as a Communist might have been in 1955.
[Conservative group says Mueller team lawyer's email shows bias]
This extends beyond a defense of Trump. In Alabama, Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore has framed allegations against him about sexual misconduct with minors as a partisan attack, suggesting that this newspaper and members of the opposing party may have conspired to take him down. (This did not happen.) On Thursday, he sat down for an interview on local radio with a state politician who had endorsed him, reinforcing the idea that anyone who doesn't explicitly stand with him might be presumed to be necessarily standing against him.
That this sense of suspicion extends to the FBI is particularly worrisome. Americans have long assumed, generally tacitly, that career bureaucrats maintain impartiality in how they conduct their business. Most members of the FBI and the Department of Energy and the Food and Drug Administration who are working under Trump used to work under Obama, and many worked under George W. Bush before that. In part because Trump himself has been detached from government service for his entire adult life, he eyes many of those holdovers with largely undue skepticism. There are certainly people who work in government who hold a dim view of the president and some, it seems, who have leaked embarrassing information to the press in response. Trump's distrust extends well beyond those people.
The broader issue is that this era of partisanship and partisan skepticism empowers the sort of rationalization that Gohmert displayed on Thursday. Simply being associated with a Democrat is seen by some as disqualifying (in a moment when many partisans have few friends from across the aisle). We can safely assume Gohmert and his allies do not hold the other side to this same standard, mind you; a person with ties to Republicans likely wouldn't be painted as untrustworthy or biased out of hand in considering assessments of, say, Obama.
It also bears repeating that Gohmert's questions were predicated on a flawed premise: that there was demonstrated bias within the FBI that affected its decision-making. Should evidence of this emerge, it's certainly worth outcry. But that outcry should be the same if the bias was from a Republican as if it were from a Democrat.
“In a way,” she said, “it should be reassuring, despite the occasional tidbit that is pulled out and unfortunately blown up.”
Not all the tidbits reflect well on the diplomats, of course. Memos from the United States Embassy in Georgia, for example, showed that it relied so heavily on the Georgian government for intelligence that it badly misjudged the country's actions in its war with Russia in 2008.
But the overall quality of the cables — their detail, analysis, and in some cases, laugh-out-loud humor — has won fans in unlikely places. “It's very entertaining reading,” said Aigul Solovyeva, a member of Parliament in Kazakhstan who met Mrs. Clinton there this week.
Richard E. Hoagland, the ambassador to Kazakhstan, thinks good cable-writing is so essential that he has written a guide for junior diplomats, “Ambassador's Cable Drafting Tips.” Many of the tips would be familiar to any cub reporter trying to get an editor to bite on a story.
“The trick is to catch readers' attention,” he advises. “The first three to five words are all they will see in their electronic queue.”
His specific recommendations? Avoid flabby writing, citing as a typically egregious example any memo that starts: “ ‘The ambassador used the opportunity of the meeting to raise the issue of'...”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
And work on storytelling: “Despite what some in Washington will tell you, there is nothing at all wrong with colorful writing, as long as it communicates something.” But he adds a caveat: “Cute writing is never acceptable — cute is for toddlers, not for professional diplomats.”
Mr. Hoagland, who accompanied Mrs. Clinton to meetings this week, declined to discuss the substance of the leaked cables. But he was happy to discuss style. As a general rule, he said he instructs staff members to think like journalists. “Not everything we churn out is great writing,” he said, “but we try to keep up the standards.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The embassy in Kazakhstan met many of Mr. Hoagland's standards for cable-writing, even before he became ambassador there. Cables about Kazakhstan's high-living leaders are written in a satirical tone worthy of Borat, the fictional (and wild) Kazakh played in the movie by Sacha Baron Cohen.
One described Kazakhstan's defense minister turning up drunk for a meeting with an American official, “slouching back in his chair and slurring all kinds of Russian participles.” He explained that he had just been at a cadet graduation reception, “toasting Kazakhstan's newly-commissioned officers.”
The memo concluded: “Who was toasted more — the defense minister or the cadets — is a matter of pure speculation.”
A 2006 cable from the embassy in Moscow showed that the staff there was also alert to the literary quality of the events on which they reported, and the value of telling details. The memo offered an account of a society wedding in Dagestan in Russia's Caucasus, where guests threw $100 bills at child dancers and took alcohol-sodden water-scooter jaunts on the Caspian Sea. But it also showed how the wedding was a “microcosm of the social and political relations of the North Caucasus.”
For Mrs. Clinton, the pride in the diplomats' work is a small compensation for a difficult week in which she has discussed the WikiLeaks case with more than two dozen foreign leaders, working to soothe bruised egos and explain how the security breach happened.
The job of damage control has fallen mainly to her. President Obama has not called any foreign leaders about the disclosures. Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates, meanwhile, has been reserved even though the cables were believed to be purloined from a Department of Defense computer system by an army private, Bradley Manning, who is now in a military jail.
Mrs. Clinton's reaction to shouldering the burden has been every bit as artful as the cables that have landed her in so much trouble.
“It was a DoD system, and a DoD obviously military intel guy,” she said. “But we're part of one government, and we're part of one country, and we have to work together, and that's what we're doing.”
What if, back in the '90s, the U.S. State Department had leaned on Steven Spielberg and asked him to not make his movie "Schindler's List" because it would upset our NATO ally Germany?
Ludicrous, right?
But that's the question director Joe Berlinger asked when he recently discussed his new film, "Intent to Destroy," a documentary that just premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on Tuesday. The nonfiction film deals with the Armenian genocide perpetrated by Turkey in 1915, leaving more than a million people dead, as told through the making of the narrative film "The Promise," which hit theaters on April 21.
Advertisement:
In referencing "Schindler's List," Berlinger wasn't being overly dramatic. He was talking about an actual event in history from the 1930s, when another Armenian genocide film, "The Forty Days of Musa Dagh," was in production but scrapped because Turkey pressured the U.S. State Department to lean on MGM to not make the movie. Berlinger ("Metallica: Some Kind of Monster," "Paradise Lost," "Brother's Keeper"), a nimble and revered documentarian, has managed to construct an incisive, emotional look at the genocide itself, as well as its representation, and lack thereof, in the movies.
Before "The Promise," there had never been a mainstream telling of the genocide, thanks at least partly to pressure from genocide deniers aligned with the Turkish government. In "Intent to Destroy," Berlinger talks to Canadian director Atom Egoyan, who describes being cajoled and intimidated to not follow through with making his independent film about the genocide, "Ararat," which he released in 2002.
"The Promise," which is directed by Terry George ("Hotel Rwanda," "Reservation Road") and stars Oscar Isaac, Christian Bale and Charlotte Le Bon, tells of a love triangle during the run-up to World War I. It explicitly represents mass killings and forced relocations of the Armenians. The film was greenlighted thanks to the largesse of billionaire (and Armenian-American) Kirk Kerkorian, who passed away in 2015. Kerkorian provided the reported $100 million budget.
When Berlinger caught wind of the production, he realized its unprecedented nature. And it seems he wasn't the only one. A rival film called "The Ottoman Lieutenant," with a strikingly similar plotline yet a more sympathetic position on Turkey's actions leading up to World War I, also went into production, backed by a team of Turkish producers.
"The Ottoman Lieutenant," which was directed by Joseph Ruben ("Sleeping with the Enemy") and stars Michiel Huisman, Hera Hilmar, Ben Kingley and Josh Hartnett, could be construed as our current era's iteration of trying to control the facts. Straight-up censorship wouldn't fly these days, but the creation of alt-facts might confuse the masses.
But not so fast, according to an executive who worked on the film. He said that "The Ottoman Lieutenant" was already in production before "The Promise" — and that began shooting eight months before George's film — so the timing was coincidental.
Advertisement:
There may be some shades of gray here. But Berlinger has a knack for cutting through the fog and drawing sharp lines where the truth previously had been blurry. And yet, tackling a century-old, international legacy of denial might be his greatest challenge so far. (No standing U.S. president has been willing to use the word “genocide” when referring to the mass killings of Armenians.)
What follows is an edited conversation with the director Berlinger.
Do you think your film could push the needle on official recognition of the Armenian genocide?
As a guy who has moved the needle on a few things, I do ask myself that question. It's true that a lot of people don't seem to care about what happened. And it's shocking to me our government would rather sweep it under the rug than do the right, moral thing. Moving the needle means different things to different people. Acknowledgement that it was a genocide would make a lot of people happy. Reparations and land repatriation — that's not realistic. What I hope the film does is that people of Turkish descent would look inward and that Armenians would feel some sense of closure.
Advertisement:
I was just in Israel. Even they don't recognize the genocide. I find that morally repugnant that a country that was born from the ashes of genocide is more interested in placating a friend in the region.
Do you see your film and "The Promise" as a package?
The two are related but my film stands on its own. They are complementary films and more people will see "The Promise." My film tells the historical underpinning of the genocide but my film also deals with the mechanism of denial. I don't see them necessarily as a package. I don't want people to think this is just a behind-the-scenes film. It's not a glorified EPK [or electronic press kit].
Advertisement:
No, that doesn't sound like you. How did you come to making the film?
I heard "The Promise" was being made and I pitched the producers of the film. As a student of the Holocaust — I was a German major in college and I was obsessed with the Holocaust — I was always aware of the Armenian genocide. I was always perplexed why this human tragedy has been allowed to be treated as a debate rather than actual history. On the eve of the Nazi invasion of Poland, Hitler gave a speech to his generals, getting them psyched to be ruthless, by saying, “After all, who remembers the Armenians?”
Did anyone from the Turkish government mess with your production?
Advertisement:
We flew under the radar, although I wasn't shy about what I was doing.
In your film, you do have a scholar who doesn't believe in calling it genocide in the film.
We have some anti-genocide people in the film. I thought it was important. If you are going to have a dialogue, you have to understand the arguments. My approach was to treat everyone on the denial side as if they truly believed their viewpoints and to allow them to have their say without a “gotcha” moment since the entire film is stacked against their views. I felt this was the best way to approach the “other side.”
There is a feeling amongst some genocide scholars that you don't give the deniers a platform. And if we were making a straightforward film about the genocide, I could understand that point. But I am making a film about the aftermath and the denial as well. If you are making a film about holocaust denial then of course, you have to include the deniers.
Advertisement:
What you think of Terry George and how was it being on his set?
He comes from a political background himself. He cares about this issue. He was the perfect director. We are filmmakers who care about social justice. "In the Name of the Father," [which George wrote,] and "Paradise Lost" came out at around the same time. They are both about abuses in the criminal justice system. We clicked. There was some healthy tension when I could be around and not around.
There's a lot of pressure on George to achieve success with "The Promise" in the hopes of setting the record straight, no?
Terry and the entire team had a tremendous sense of pressure. It's not just a film. I saw Terry wearing that pressure every day. What they are endeavoring to do is not easy — to find that balance between mainstream entertainment and historical revelation.
The leaders of three major U.S. unions, including the highly influential Teamsters, have sent a scathing open letter to Democratic leaders in Congress, warning that unless changes are made, President Obama's health care reform plan will “destroy the foundation of the 40 hour work week that is the backbone of the American middle class.”
If that's not bad enough, the Affordable Care Act, if not modified, will “destroy the very health and wellbeing of our members along with millions of other hardworking Americans,” the letter says.
When you and the President sought our support for the Affordable Care Act (ACA), you pledged that if we liked the health plans we have now, we could keep them. Sadly, that promise is under threat. Right now, unless you and the Obama Administration enact an equitable fix, the ACA will shatter not only our hard-earned health benefits, but destroy the foundation of the 40 hour work week that is the backbone of the American middle class.
Like millions of other Americans, our members are front-line workers in the American economy. We have been strong supporters of the notion that all Americans should have access to quality, affordable health care. We have also been strong supporters of you. In campaign after campaign we have put boots on the ground, gone door-to-door to get out the vote, run phone banks and raised money to secure this vision.
Now this vision has come back to haunt us.
Since the ACA was enacted, we have been bringing our deep concerns to the Administration, seeking reasonable regulatory interpretations to the statute that would help prevent the destruction of non-profit health plans. As you both know first-hand, our persuasive arguments have been disregarded and met with a stone wall by the White House and the pertinent agencies. This is especially stinging because other stakeholders have repeatedly received successful interpretations for their respective grievances. Most disconcerting of course is last week's huge accommodation for the employer community—extending the statutorily mandated “December 31, 2013” deadline for the employer mandate and penalties.
Time is running out: Congress wrote this law; we voted for you. We have a problem; you need to fix it. The unintended consequences of the ACA are severe. Perverse incentives are already creating nightmare scenarios.
They were for it before they were against it and now, some of the country's most powerful union leaders are expressing their full disapproval of Obamacare. The letter, signed by Teamsters President Jimmy Hoffa, UFCW President Joseph Hansen and UNITE-HERE President D. Taylor, comes after companies have cut worker hours in order to avoid reaching the 50 full-time employee Obamacare threshold requiring a business to provide health insurance through government exchanges. Union leaders are reminding Democrats, not Republicans, about why they originally supported a healthcare overhaul and are expressing buyer's remorse. Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid have been asked to move forward with "fixes" to the healthcare law, or in other words, unions want more waivers.The very complaints union leaders are bringing to the table now about Obamacare are the same warnings conservatives and businesses gave before the legislation was signed into law in 2010. Hopefully it won't be long before unions are calling for full repeal.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 14/12/2015 (1170 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
The Winnipeg Blue Bombers are taking steps to beef up the depth around quarterback Drew Willy.
The club announced Monday it has inked pending free agent Jace Daniels, an import offensive lineman, to a two-year contract extension. The 26-year-old Northern Michigan product was scheduled to become a free agent this February.
Daniels will be entering his third year with the Bombers in 2016, first seeing action as a starter in October of 2014. He suited up for seven games, starting six, in 2015 before suffering a season-ending leg injury in August.
“Jace was a solid contributor along the offensive line for us before being injured last season,” said Bombers GM Kyle Walters in a statement. “He will be fully ready to go for training camp, and we envision him definitely competing for a starting spot on the line again in 2016.”
Local architects love to complain about San Francisco's Planning Department, how the latter supposedly thwarts the formers' efforts to add dynamic new buildings to the landscape.
Now one of the city's best designers has chimed in — not over that second glass of wine, when such comments often take flight, but in a $65 architectural monograph.
“Far too much of our effort goes into explaining what we are doing,” Stanley Saitowitz tells author Michael Webb in “Building Community: New Apartment Architecture,” published this spring by the Thames & Hudson. “The bureaucracy is obstructive, and committee-type negotiations tend to make the buildings worse, not better.”
Saitowitz is no self-absorbed hack who looks in the mirror and sees Frank Lloyd Wright. Quite the opposite. He's the rare architect whose work wins wide acclaim, yet embraces the challenge of creating distinctive urban housing at all scales — from a pop-up grid of student apartments in Berkeley to the ice-blue chic of 8 Octavia, the Hayes Valley condominium complex featured in Webb's book.
His buildings share a distilled rigor, at once forceful and precise. “No other architect has so successfully abstracted the DNA of San Francisco,” argues Webb in a book that also celebrates projects by such architectural stars as Frank Gehry, Jeanne Gang and David Adjaye. But it's an uphill battle, Saitowitz suggests.
“Dealing with the city Planning Department, which doesn't understand architecture, is a very slow process,” Saitowitz says in the book. “We have a lot of trouble with the preservationist spirit in that department, now that almost every district of San Francisco is considered historic and every new building has to comply with its character. We firmly believe in respecting scale; Planning wants textbook replicas.”
Last week, Saitowitz told me Webb took few notes on the day they met while Webb was researching his book. Not every word might be correct, but Saitowitz stands by the sentiments.
“If we were looking around San Francisco and seeing all these wonderful buildings that result from the process, then I wouldn't complain,” Saitowitz told me. “But we don't.”
No surprise, the city's top planner sees things differently.
“Most of Stanley's buildings have been built pretty much as he proposed them to staff. To say otherwise is ridiculous,” said John Rahaim, planning director since 2008. “And we're not asking for ‘textbook replicas.' Our guidelines make it clear we want architecture of our time.”
But to Rahaim and his staff, buildings need to be good neighbors, whatever the style — even if striking that subjective balance requires the methodical scrutiny that might cause some architects to bridle. He also made this valid point: The same guidelines that slow things down “keep the egregious stuff from happening.” In other words, they're intended to raise the bar.
Realistically, the debate will never be resolved. Architects don't like being put through a grind of second-guessing on details like the width of a bay. Planners get tired of architects who view anyone who disagrees with them as design illiterates.
And this being San Francisco, everyone else will have an opinion about what finally does get built.
October is a time for falling leaves and scary reads. And the only thing more terrifying than the unchecked encroachment of the pumpkin spice flavor into every major food group is a genuinely haunted house.
To celebrate the spooky season, The Thread is running — screaming — through its favorite haunted houses in literature. Tell us your favorite, or most feared, on Twitter @TheThreadMPR.
1) The Bly house from "The Turn of the Screw" by Henry James
Henry James' gothic masterpiece unfolds in a simple country house in Essex, where a governess is given the task of looking after two young orphans. But as quickly becomes apparent, the siblings' previous caretakers may still be present on the grounds. This book is the original reminder to never be a babysitter in a horror story.
2) Hill House in "The Haunting of Hill House" by Shirley Jackson
Shirley Jackson is an undisputed master of the ghost story. "The Haunting of Hill House" is one of the first examples from the genre in which the ill-fated characters week scientific proof of the supernatural. When you go looking for the ghosts, you should know how your story will end.
Hill House has inspired two films and found a die-hard fan in Stephen King. And if you're a fan of Jackson's, then you should consider a trip to the Blackwood House in her final book, "We Have Always Lived in the Castle" — the scene of a very different kind of haunting.
3) The Overlook Hotel in "The Shining" by Stephen King
Inspired by his own one-night stay at the Stanley Hotel in Colorado, Stephen King created one of the true nightmare locales of fiction: The Overlook Hotel.
When the Torrance family holes up in the empty hotel as caretakers for the winter, the building's dark and terrifying secrets start taking hold. Beware the bartender. The film adaptation only helped cement The Overlook Hotel's place on this list.
4) The house on Ash Tree Lane from "House of Leaves" by Mark Danielewski
Anyone who has crawled their way through this experimental horror story probably still thinks about it from time to time, late at night. It's presented as a found document — a manuscript whose origin is difficult to trace. It tells the story of a family that moves into a new house, only to discover that it has some unexplained characteristics. Somehow, it's bigger on the inside than it is on the outside — and there's a growl coming from its depths.
The more the family tries to explore and explain the source of the incongruities, the more alarming things become.
5) 895 Stillwater Lane from "The Grip of It" by Jac Jemc
Owning a house is the American dream, right? Jac Jemc turns a young couple's first grasp at homeownership into an unsettling modern nightmare in this new novel. Julie and James want to leave behind the city — and their tensions and quarrels — when they buy a big old house nestled near a forest and a lake.
But as they try to fix things up, the house leaves its own mark on their minds and their bodies. A stain on the wall is never just a stain on the wall.
6) Manderley from "Rebecca" by Daphne du Maurier
"Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again."
This Gothic classic finds a young, unnamed narrator swept off her feet by an older, wealthy man, who brings her home to his isolated English estate: Manderley.
She quickly learns that the house is burdened with the ghost — maybe literally — of his first wife, Rebecca, who died the year before. And the housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers, doesn't love change. Everything unravels from there.
The book is a reminder that having a mansion means you just have more room for secrets.
7) The House of Usher from "The Fall of the House of Usher" by Edgar Allan Poe
Edgar Allan Poe unsettles like no other. It's difficult to pick the most haunted location from his work — it could be the room with the heart under the floorboards or the catacombs where you don't want to turn your back — but the House of Usher has a lot going for it in this competition. There's the nearby tomb and the corpse that may not be a corpse. The eerie, glowing house-swallowing lake really seals the deal.
Dejected Kieren Jack leaves the field after the loss to the Hawks
SYDNEY Swans coach John Longmire won't be contacting the AFL's umpiring department to seek clarification over two costly 50m penalties in his side's five-point loss to Hawthorn on Thursday night.
The Swans had a tough night at the SCG, giving up goals to Jonathan O'Rourke on the three-quarter time siren, and Jonathon Ceglar in the tense final term, when they were penalised for entering the protected zone.
Swans co-captain Kieren Jack and Ben McGlynn were the players responsible for what looked to be very close calls, and Longmire said after the match that he has no idea if the interpretation of the rule has changed.
Full match coverage and stats
"I don't know, ask the umpires," he said.
"I don't know, I really don't know to be honest."
While clearly frustrated by the penalties, Longmire said there's no point in seeking an explanation from the men in green.
"No, I won't worry about it, I'll worry about what I can control," he said.
Another interesting statistic saw the Swans receive only four free kicks in general play up until three-quarter time, compared to Hawthorn's 13; with the count going the visitors' way 15-9 by the end of the game.
"Obviously we were undisciplined because I don't think I've seen a differential like that for quite a while," Longmire said.
"I'll have to go back and we'll have to get better at our discipline clearly, because that's a big differential."
WATCH: John Longmire's full post-match media conference
Longmire was of course bitterly disappointed to lose yet another close game, the Swans' third defeat by single figures this year after they went down to Richmond by one point in round eight, and the Western Bulldogs by four points in round 15.
He did however take some positives out of the loss and said the season was well and truly alive.
"We win tonight and we're on top of the ladder, so I'm still pretty confident with the year we've got," he said.
"I think we've made some giant steps forward and I think we've still got a fair bit of footy to play this year."
Preseason Tickets On Sale August 22 by San Jose Sharks Staff / San Jose Sharks
SAN JOSE – The San Jose Sharks announced today that tickets for their 2011 preseason games at HP Pavilion at San Jose will go on sale on Monday, August 22 at 10 a.m. The Sharks have six preseason games scheduled, including three at HP Pavilion.
Tickets for games at HP Pavilion at San Jose will be available online at TICKETMASTER.COM, the HP PAVILION AT SAN JOSE TICKET OFFICE, ALL TICKETMASTER TICKET CENTERS and CHARGE BY PHONE at (800) 745-3000.
Sharks Season Tickets, SharkPaks and Group Tickets are also available by calling (408) 999-5757.
PRESEASON SCHEDULE
DAY DATE OPPONENT SITE TIME (Pacific) Wednesday Sept. 21 at Anaheim Honda Center 7:05 p.m. Friday Sept. 23 Anaheim HP Pavilion at San Jose 7:30 p.m. Saturday Sept. 24 Phoenix HP Pavilion at San Jose 7:30 p.m. Sunday Sept. 25 at Vancouver Rogers Arena 6:00 p.m. Thurday Sept. 29 Vancouver HP Pavilion at San Jose 7:30 p.m. Saturday Oct. 1 Phoenix Jobing.com Arena 7:00 p.m. Tickets for games at HP Pavilion at San Jose will be available online at TICKETMASTER.COM, the HP PAVILION AT SAN JOSE TICKET OFFICE, ALL TICKETMASTER TICKET CENTERS and CHARGE BY PHONE at (800) 745-3000.Sharks Season Tickets, SharkPaks and Group Tickets are also available by calling (408) 999-5757.
View Less
The bomber will always get through was a phrase used by Stanley Baldwin in 1932 (although the theory was originally developed by Italian General Giulio Douhet), in the speech "A Fear for the Future" to the British Parliament. He and others believed that, regardless of air defences, sufficient bomber aircraft would survive to destroy cities.
Baldwin's argument [ edit ]
Baldwin did not advocate total disarmament but believed that "great armaments lead inevitably to war".[1] However he came to believe that, as he put it on 9 November 1932, "the time has now come to an end when Great Britain can proceed with unilateral disarmament".[2] On 10 November 1932 Baldwin said:
I think it is well also for the man in the street to realise that there is no power on earth that can protect him from being bombed. Whatever people may tell him, the bomber will always get through. The only defence is in offence, which means that you have to kill more women and children more quickly than the enemy if you want to save yourselves… If the conscience of the young men should ever come to feel, with regard to this one instrument [bombing] that it is evil and should go, the thing will be done; but if they do not feel like that – well, as I say, the future is in their hands. But when the next war comes, and European civilisation is wiped out, as it will be, and by no force more than that force, then do not let them lay blame on the old men. Let them remember that they, principally, or they alone, are responsible for the terrors that have fallen upon the earth.[2][3][4]
This speech was often used against Baldwin as allegedly demonstrating the futility of rearmament or disarmament, depending on the critic.
Theoretical basis [ edit ]
Many theorists imagined that a future war would be won entirely by the destruction of the enemy's military and industrial capability from the air. The Italian general Giulio Douhet, author of The Command of the Air, was a seminal theorist of this school of thought.[6] H. G. Wells' pre-World War I novel The War in the Air concluded that aerial warfare could never be 'won' in such a manner as bombing, but in 1936 he depicted a war starting suddenly with devastating air attacks on "Everytown" in the film Things to Come. Likewise, Olaf Stapledon, in his 1930 novel Last and First Men depicts a very brief but devastating war in which fleets of bombers deliver huge payloads of poison gas to the cities of Europe, leaving most of the continent uninhabited. As late as 1939 Nevil Shute portrayed a war opening with a sudden air attack by bombers in his novel What Happened to the Corbetts.
At the time bombers had a slight performance advantage over fighters due to having multiple engines and streamlined, but heavy, cantilever wing designs, so a successful interception would require careful planning to bring interceptor aircraft into a suitable defensive position in front of the bombers. Before World War II and the invention of radar, detection systems were visual or auditory, which gave only a few minutes' warning. Against World War I designs these systems were marginally useful, but against 1930s aircraft flying at twice their speed or more, they did not provide enough time to arrange interception missions. This balance of force meant that bombs would be falling before the fighters were in position and there was little that could be done about it. For Britain, the answer was to concentrate on bomber production, primarily as a deterrent force.
Before war began in 1939, such theories resulted in predictions of hundreds of thousands of casualties from bombing. The military expert Basil Liddell Hart speculated that year, for example, 250,000 deaths and injuries could occur across Britain in the first week.[7] Harold Macmillan wrote in 1956 that he and others around him "thought of air warfare in 1938 rather as people think of nuclear war today".[8] The most influential among the few who disagreed with such views was Hugh Dowding, who led RAF Fighter Command during the Battle of Britain.[9] Others included American Major Claire Chennault, who argued against the so-called "Bomber Mafia" at the Air Corps Tactical School,[10][11] and Lieutenant Benjamin S. Kelsey, Fighter Projects Officer for the United States Army Air Corps, responsible for specifying American fighters that were capable of downing bombers.[12][13]
Strategic bombing in combat [ edit ]
Post-war analysis of the strategic bombing during World War II indicated that Baldwin's statement was essentially correct in that bombers would get through, but at a cost in aircrew and aircraft. Using the Dowding system, fighters directed by radar were able to disrupt the German daytime offensive during the Battle of Britain, forcing the Luftwaffe to turn to less accurate night-time bombing in The Blitz. The difficulties for night-fighters meant this was relatively unopposed, but the Blitz did not crush British civil morale.
The Royal Air Force's Bomber Command lost a total of 8,325 aircraft on bombing missions during the war, during a total of 364,514 sorties.[14] This represents 2.3 percent losses per mission on average. However, loss rates over Germany were significantly higher: between November 1943 and March 1944 operations over that country resulted in an average 5.1 percent loss rate.[15] The disparity in loss rates was reflected in the fact that at one point in the war Bomber Command considered making sorties over France only count as a third of an op towards the "tour" total.[16] Furthermore, the official loss rate figures never included aircraft crashing in the UK on their return (usually due to damage picked up on the operation) even if the machine was a write-off and/or some or all of the crew were killed; this added at least 15 percent to the official loss figures.[17] Losses on that scale could be made good through increased production and training efforts, though at great cost. Indeed, the size of Bomber Command's offensive grew throughout the war. The United States Strategic Bombing Survey came to the same conclusion. However, Douhet's belief that a small number of bombs would be successful in forcing a country to surrender proved incorrect, and bombing alone did not cause the collapse he had expected in either Britain or Germany.
In the Pacific War, bombing missions were effectively conducted by both Japan and the Western Allies. Early in the war, Japanese carrier aircraft successfully destroyed or disabled the battleships of the United States Pacific Fleet at anchor in Hawaii, and they destroyed the great majority of bombers and defensive aircraft there and in the Philippine Islands. The US military were unable to make effective use of the single radar installation based in Hawaii (it was used part-time as a training device) and visual spotters in the Philippines that should have provided an early warning to their fighter squadrons. In later stages, US bombers effectively destroyed many Japanese cities with conventional or incendiary bombs before the use of atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
"The bomber will not always get through" [ edit ]
After World War II, the major powers built heavy strategic bombers to carry nuclear weapons. By the 1960s, however, advances in ground-based radar, guided missiles, radar-guided anti-aircraft guns, and fighter planes greatly decreased the odds that bombers could reach their targets, whether they used the traditional high-altitude or newer low-altitude approach. One 1964 study of British V bombers estimated that a bomber that did not use chaff or other countermeasures would encounter an average of six missiles, each with a 75 percent chance of destroying its target. The study thus stated that "the bomber will not always get through", and advocated Britain emphasizes the Polaris submarine missile instead.[18] For similar reasons, the United States Navy deployed Polaris submarines during that decade. At that time, it shifted aircraft carriers away from delivering strategic nuclear weapons to a role suited for both general nuclear and limited non-nuclear wars. The United States Air Force found converting its large fleet of manned bombers to non-nuclear roles more difficult. It attempted to redesign the B-70 Valkyrie high-altitude supersonic bomber project as a platform for reconnaissance and launch of standoff missiles such as the Skybolt; however, Skybolt was cancelled in 1962 after testing failures. A 1963 study stated "Long-range technical considerations, of course, militate against the perpetuation of the manned bomber".[19]
Recent re-use [ edit ]
In the 21st century, the phrase was reused to refer to suicide bombers and the inability of legislation or security to stop someone intent on blowing something up.[20][21]
See also [ edit ]
- Advertisement -
(Image by Unknown Owner) Details DMCA
From
:
Muslims know what materials are being taught in their mosques and they know many of the materials instruct young Muslims to kill innocent people who do not adhere to Sharia law. If Muslims do not want a backlash, then I would recommend a 'house cleaning'. Stack every Saudi, al Qaeda, Pakistani, Taliban, Hamas, and Muslim Brotherhood piece of material from their mosque and have a bonfire. Tell the American, Jewish, and Muslim community this hatred will no longer be allowed in their mosques."
- Dave Gaubatz, author of Muslim Mafia: Inside the Secret Underworld that's Conspiring to Islamize America ,
- Advertisement -
All of this might be dismissed as the ranting of a fringe lunatic, but for the fact that Gaubatz's work has been circulated and endorsed by prominent Republican officials.
From Christian Newswire, Rev. Rusty Lee Thomas, Elijah Ministries,:
- Advertisement -
Islam is God's reality check for America. Can we continue to survive rejecting God and our Christian heritage for a "bowl of humanistic pottage?" We are selling our birthright as Americans so we can be just as sophisticated and enlightened as the Socialistic European nations that are in the midst of being conquered by Islam. Is this the heritage we desire to leave our children and grandchildren? I pray not in Jesus' name!
The website for Elijah ministries is Christofascist beyond belief and complete with flames and military metaphors.
From
:
The American Family Association's Bryan Fischer:
The problem is that the more devout a Muslim is, the greater a threat he represents to our national security. And until we have a way of identifying which Muslims are the ones we have to worry about, we just cannot afford to take the chance .
Of course there's our friend "Rev." James David Manning (video below) who says that President Obama will, in exchange for Osama Bin Laden, turn over Israel to Islam. You thought that Rev. Jeremiah Wright's sermons were incendiary. Manning beats him by a mile. The jury is still out when it comes to investigating Manning and his intentions: maybe he's just a bumbling idiot who took advantage of Harlem's poor schools and huge drop-out rate to hammer hatred and ignorance into its residents.
Here is a prime example of Islamophobia as a result of some preachers' ignorant rants:
- Advertisement -
Alexios Marakis, a Greek Orthodox priest visiting the U.S., got lost in Tampa and tried to stop and ask directions from Marine reservist Jasen D. Bruce. But instead of offering help, "Bruce struck the priest on the head with a tire iron ." The reservist believed Marakis, who spoke limited English, was an Arab terrorist . Bruce chased the priest for three blocks, "and even called 911 to say that an Arabic man tried to rob him ."
Sister of man beaten to death after he was wrongly accused of being a paedophile says her brother was killed because he was different
Bijan Ebrahimi wrongly accused of taking photographs of children
He was beaten to death and set on fire by neighbour Lee James, 24
Man sentenced to 18 years in jail for his murder while another, Stephen Norley, 25, will serve four for assisting an offender
Mr Ebrahimi's eldest sister has spoken about family's distress at murder
Says his only crime was 'being different' to other residents of Bristol estate
'Different': Bijan Ebrahimi was murdered by his neighbour after police wrongfully arrested him for taking pictures of children
The eldest sister of Bijan Ebrahimi, the innocent man killed when he was wrongly accused of being a paedophile, has said her brother died a 'terrible death' for being different.
The 52-year-old woman, who has asked to remain anonymous to protect her family, has spoken of her family's distress following the death of Mr Ebrahimi last year.
The NHS nurse spoke said her brother suffered years of racist abuse before being killed by his neighbours because 'he was not like them'.
Speaking to The Observer she said: 'A rumour was spread about Bijan that wasn't true.
'People need to understand the consequences when such allegations are made.
'His only 'crime' was that, for some people, he was not like them.
'Why should that lead to such a terrible death?'
Iranian Mr Ebrahimi, 44, moved to the UK in 2000. He was a trained plumber and carpenter, but was registered disabled and unable to work.
In July last year, he was arrested by police following false complaints he had been taking pictures of children near to his home in an estate in Brislington, Bristol.
Avon and Somerset police said a charge of paedophilia was completely unfounded and the man returned to his home.
It has since emerged that he was taking pictures of children damaging his plants.
Following the arrest, neighbour Lee James, 24, burst into Mr Ebrahimi's home, threatening him before dragging him outside.
James stamped on his head until he died before setting him alight. His burnt body was found just 100 yards from his maisonette.
Tragically, when he was murdered, he had been due to go on a family holiday - but his passport had expired.
On Thursday, James received a life sentence for the murder and will serve at least 18 years.
Another man, Stephen Norley, 25, pleaded guilty to assisting an offender and was given a four-year sentence. The judge called the crime an 'act of murderous injustice'.
Crime: Lee James, pictured left, pleaded guilty to the murder of Bijan Ebrahim while Stephen Norley, pictured right, pleaded guilty to assisting an offender
In the interview, the woman described a clash of cultures between her brother and several residents of the estate.
She said her brother - a Muslim - clashed with certain neighbours, in particular James, who would hold loud parties where drink and drugs were allegedly consumed.
She said Mr Ebrahimi, who considered leaving the estate five years ago to live with his sister when her husband died, also suffered racist abuse from some of his neighbours over several years.
The woman spoke of her distress at the fact that her brother had called police the night before he died asking for assistance - saying he trusted the force who ultimately left him unprotected.
An Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) Investigation has been launched in the wake of the attack.
Avon and Somerset Chief Constable Nick Gargan issued an apology after the tragedy, saying: 'Mr Ebrahimi was someone who deserved the protection of all of us and we are very sorry about what happened to him.
Wrongly accused: Mr Ebrahimi was attacked outside this building where he lived in Bristol 'It is clear that there was a collective failure on the part of statutory agencies and others to protect Mr Ebrahimi and we cannot wait for all the various external investigative processes to run their course before we start learning lessons for the future.
'We need to have some frank and candid local discussions with our partners and our communities about what we collectively can do to stop this happening again.
'Senior people in our own organisation have already put in place urgent actions to improve the way we respond to the vulnerable, handle reports of anti-social behaviour and identify repeat callers and victims and we will continue to talk to partners to improve the way we work together to protect the public.'
Loved-one: Manizhah Moores, sister of Bijan Ebrahimi, speaks to the press after the sentencing of Stephen Norley and Lee James at Bristol Crown Court
The IPCC said six police officers and six civilian communications staff had been interviewed by investigators.
Three Pcs have been interviewed under caution on suspicion of misconduct in public office, while an inspector, sergeant and a constable - who dealt with Mr Ebrahimi while in custody - have been interviewed for gross misconduct. The investigation against the inspector has since ceased.
A control room supervisor, a dispatcher and four call handlers who dealt with phone calls from Mr Ebrahimi have also been interviewed for gross misconduct.
Mr Ebrahimi's younger sister Manizhah Moores made an emotional statement about her brother's background and the distress her family have felt subsequently outside court.
She said: 'Burning Bijan's body took away the opportunity for us to pay our respects to our brother as we could not view his body before he was laid to rest.
'To us this felt like Bijan being murdered twice.
The writer had a problem. Books he read and people he knew had been warning him that the nation and maybe mankind itself had wandered into a sort of creativity doldrums. Economic growth was slackening. The Internet revolution was less awesome than we had anticipated, and the forward march of innovation, once a cultural constant, had slowed to a crawl. One of the few fields in which we generated lots of novelties — financial engineering — had come back to bite us. And in other departments, we actually seemed to be going backward. You could no longer take a supersonic airliner across the Atlantic, for example, and sending astronauts to the moon had become either fiscally insupportable or just passé.
And yet the troubled writer also knew that there had been, over these same years, fantastic growth in our creativity promoting sector. There were TED talks on how to be a creative person. There were “Innovation Jams” at which IBM employees brainstormed collectively over a global hookup, and “Thinking Out of the Box” desktop sculptures for sale at Sam's Club. There were creativity consultants you could hire, and cities that had spent billions reworking neighborhoods into arts-friendly districts where rule-bending whimsicality was a thing to be celebrated. If you listened to certain people, creativity was the story of our time, from the halls of MIT to the incubators of Silicon Valley.
Advertisement:
The literature on the subject was vast. Its authors included management gurus, forever exhorting us to slay the conventional; urban theorists, with their celebrations of zesty togetherness; pop psychologists, giving the world step-by-step instructions on how to unleash the inner Miles Davis. Most prominent, perhaps, were the science writers, with their endless tales of creative success and their dissection of the brains that made it all possible.
It was to one of these last that our puzzled correspondent now decided to turn. He procured a copy of "Imagine: How Creativity Works," the 2012 bestseller by the ex-wunderkind Jonah Lehrer, whose résumé includes a Rhodes scholarship, a tour of duty at The New Yorker and two previous books about neuroscience and decision-making. (There was also a scandal concerning some made-up quotes in "Imagine," but our correspondent was determined to tiptoe around that.) Settling into a hot bath — well known for its power to trigger outside-the-box thoughts — he opened his mind to the young master.
Anecdote after heroic anecdote unfolded, many of them beginning with some variation on Lehrer's very first phrase: “Procter and Gamble had a problem.” What followed, as creative minds did their nonlinear thing, were epiphanies and solutions. Our correspondent read about the invention of the Swiffer. He learned how Bob Dylan achieved his great breakthrough and wrote that one song of his that they still play on the radio from time to time. He found out that there was a company called 3M that invented masking tape, the Post-it note and other useful items. He read about the cellist Yo-Yo Ma, and about the glories of Pixar.
And that's when it hit him: He had heard these things before. Each story seemed to develop in an entirely predictable fashion. He suspected that in the Dylan section, Lehrer would talk about “Like a Rolling Stone,” and that's exactly what happened. When it came to the 3M section, he waited for Lehrer to dwell on the invention of the Post-it note — and there it was.
Had our correspondent developed the gift of foresight? No. He really had heard these stories before. Spend a few moments on Google and you will find that the tale of how Procter & Gamble developed the Swiffer is a staple of marketing literature. Bob Dylan is endlessly cited in discussions of innovation, and you can read about the struggles surrounding the release of “Like a Rolling Stone” in textbooks like "The Fundamentals of Marketing" (2007). As for 3M, the decades-long standing ovation for the company's creativity can be traced all the way back to "In Search of Excellence" (1982), one of the most influential business books of all time. In fact, 3M's accidental invention of the Post-it note is such a business-school chestnut that the ignorance of those who don't know the tale is a joke in the 1997 movie "Romy and Michele's High School Reunion."
*
Advertisement:
These realizations took only a millisecond. What our correspondent also understood, sitting there in his basement bathtub, was that the literature of creativity was a genre of surpassing banality. Every book he read seemed to boast the same shopworn anecdotes and the same canonical heroes. If the authors are presenting themselves as experts on innovation, they will tell us about Einstein, Gandhi, Picasso, Dylan, Warhol, the Beatles. If they are celebrating their own innovations, they will compare them to the oft-rejected masterpieces of Impressionism — that ultimate combination of rebellion and placid pastel bullshit that decorates the walls of hotel lobbies from Pittsburgh to Pyongyang.
Those who urge us to “think different,” in other words, almost never do so themselves. Year after year, new installments in this unchanging genre are produced and consumed. Creativity, they all tell us, is too important to be left to the creative. Our prosperity depends on it. And by dint of careful study and the hardest science — by, say, sliding a jazz pianist's head into an MRI machine — we can crack the code of creativity and unleash its moneymaking power.
That was the ultimate lesson. That's where the music, the theology, the physics and the ethereal water lilies were meant to direct us. Our correspondent could think of no books that tried to work the equation the other way around — holding up the invention of air conditioning or Velcro as a model for a jazz trumpeter trying to work out his solo.
And why was this worth noticing? Well, for one thing, because we're talking about the literature of creativity, for Pete's sake. If there is a non-fiction genre from which you have a right to expect clever prose and uncanny insight, it should be this one. So why is it so utterly consumed by formula and repetition?
Advertisement:
What our correspondent realized, in that flash of bathtub-generated insight, was that this literature isn't about creativity in the first place. While it reiterates a handful of well-known tales — the favorite pop stars, the favorite artists, the favorite branding successes — it routinely ignores other creative milestones that loom large in the history of human civilization. After all, some of the most consistent innovators of the modern era have also been among its biggest monsters. He thought back, in particular, to the diabolical creativity of Nazi Germany, which was the first country to use ballistic missiles, jet fighter planes, assault rifles and countless other weapons. And yet nobody wanted to add Peenemünde, where the Germans developed the V-2 rocket during the 1940s, to the glorious list of creative hothouses that includes Periclean Athens, Renaissance Florence, Belle Époque Paris and latter-day Austin, Texas. How much easier to tell us, one more time, how jazz bands work, how someone came up with the idea for the Slinky, or what shade of paint, when applied to the walls of your office, is most conducive to originality.
*
But as any creativity expert can tell you, no insight is an island, entire of itself. New epiphanies build on previous epiphanies, and to understand the vision that washed over our writer in the present day, we must revisit an earlier flash of insight, one that takes us back about a decade, to the year 2002. This time our future correspondent was relaxing in a different bathtub, on Chicago's South Side, where the trains passed by in an all-day din of clanks and squeaks. While he soaked, he was reading the latest book about creativity: Richard Florida's "The Rise of the Creative Class."
Advertisement:
Creativity was now the most valuable quality of all, ran Florida's argument, “the decisive source of competitive advantage.” This made creative people into society's “dominant class” — and companies that wished to harness their power would need to follow them wherever they went. Therefore cities and states were obliged to reconfigure themselves as havens for people of nonconformist tastes, who would then generate civic coolness via art zones, music scenes, and truckloads of authenticity. The author even invented a “Bohemian Index,” which, he claimed, revealed a strong correlation between the presence of artists and economic growth.
Every element of Florida's argument infuriated our future correspondent. Was he suggesting planned bohemias? Built by governments? To attract businesses? It all seemed like a comic exercise in human gullibility. As it happened, our correspondent in those days spent nearly all his time with the kinds of people who fit Richard Florida's definition of the creative class: writers, musicians, and intellectuals. And Florida seemed to be suggesting that such people were valuable mainly for their contribution to a countercultural pantomime that lured or inspired business executives.
What was really sick-making, though, was Florida's easy assumption that creativity was a thing our society valued. Our correspondent had been hearing this all his life, since his childhood in the creativity-worshipping 1970s. He had even believed it once, in the way other generations had believed in the beneficence of government or the blessings of Providence. And yet his creative friends, when considered as a group, were obviously on their way down, not up. The institutions that made their lives possible — chiefly newspapers, magazines, universities and record labels — were then entering a period of disastrous decline. The creative world as he knew it was not flowering, but dying.
Advertisement:
When he considered his creative friends as individuals, the literature of creativity began to seem even worse — more like a straight-up insult. Our writer-to-be was old enough to know that, for all its reverential talk about the rebel and the box breaker, society had no interest in new ideas at all unless they reinforced favorite theories or could be monetized in some obvious way. The method of every triumphant intellectual movement had been to quash dissent and cordon off truly inventive voices. This was simply how debate was conducted. Authors rejoiced at the discrediting of their rivals (as poor Jonah Lehrer would find in 2012). Academic professions excluded those who didn't toe the party line. Leftist cliques excommunicated one another. Liberals ignored any suggestion that didn't encourage or vindicate their move to the center. Conservatives seemed to be at war with the very idea of human intelligence. And business thinkers were the worst of all, with their perennial conviction that criticism of any kind would lead straight to slumps and stock market crashes.
*
Or so our literal-minded correspondent thought back in 2002. Later on, after much trial and error, he would understand that there really had been something deeply insightful about Richard Florida's book. This was the idea that creativity was the attribute of a class — which class Florida identified not only with intellectuals and artists but also with a broad swath of the professional-managerial stratum. It would take years for our stumbling innovator to realize this. And then, he finally got it all at once. The reason these many optimistic books seemed to have so little to do with the downward-spiraling lives of actual creative workers is that they weren't really about those people in the first place.
No. The literature of creativity was something completely different. Everything he had noticed so far was a clue: the banality, the familiar examples, the failure to appreciate what was actually happening to creative people in the present time. This was not science, despite the technological gloss applied by writers like Jonah Lehrer. It was a literature of superstition, in which everything always worked out and the good guys always triumphed and the right inventions always came along in the nick of time. In Steven Johnson's "Where Good Ideas Come From" (2010), the creative epiphany itself becomes a kind of heroic character, helping out clueless humanity wherever necessary:
Advertisement:
Good ideas may not want to be free, but they do want to connect, fuse, recombine. They want to reinvent themselves by crossing conceptual borders. They want to complete each other as much as they want to compete.
And what was the true object of this superstitious stuff? A final clue came from "Creativity: Flow and the Psychology of Discovery and Invention" (1996), in which Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi acknowledges that, far from being an act of individual inspiration, what we call creativity is simply an expression of professional consensus. Using Vincent van Gogh as an example, the author declares that the artist's “creativity came into being when a sufficient number of art experts felt that his paintings had something important to contribute to the domain of art.” Innovation, that is, exists only when the correctly credentialed hivemind agrees that it does. And “without such a response,” the author continues, “van Gogh would have remained what he was, a disturbed man who painted strange canvases.” What determines “creativity,” in other words, is the very faction it's supposedly rebelling against: established expertise.
Consider, then, the narrative daisy chain that makes up the literature of creativity. It is the story of brilliant people, often in the arts or humanities, who are studied by other brilliant people, often in the sciences, finance, or marketing. The readership is made up of us — members of the professional-managerial class — each of whom harbors a powerful suspicion that he or she is pretty brilliant as well. What your correspondent realized, relaxing there in his tub one day, was that the real subject of this literature was the professional-managerial audience itself, whose members hear clear, sweet reason when they listen to NPR and think they're in the presence of something profound when they watch some billionaire give a TED talk. And what this complacent literature purrs into their ears is that creativity is their property, their competitive advantage, their class virtue. Creativity is what they bring to the national economic effort, these books reassure them — and it's also the benevolent doctrine under which they rightly rule the world.
An edited version of this essay originally appeared in Harper's Magazine
Amazon's biggest yearly sale offering heavy discounts on tech and non-tech products, the Black Friday sale is here.
Black Friday, the day after the US Thanksgiving holiday, Amazon.com announces exciting offers considering the spending that often surges during this occasion, where retailers nearly turn a profit for the year.
Anyone in India can shop at Amazon.com during the Black Friday sale, however, not all products with offers will be available for shipment in India. In case, the product is available for shipping to India the customers will be required to pay the shipping and customs charges right away for hassle-free shopping.
Here's how you can easily get your order shipped to India:
> US-based Package forwarding services
Package forwarding services allow the users to ship their Black Friday shopping to a warehouse in the US, which is later forwarded to your address in India, or any other country.
Some of the US-based package forwarding services include US Global Mail, USA2Me, MyUS, and ShopYourWorld.
Follow these steps to place your order: Sign up on the website> Note down the virtual address that appears on the screen> While shopping on a website (say Amazon.com) select the product> Enter your virtual address as your shipping address> Make the payment as usual.
In such cases, the package forwarding service provider will notify you after packages are delivered to the designated virtual address, thereby, mail you the detail of the shipping charges as well as customs applicable on the export.
The shipping charges may vary from product-to-product depending on the dimensions and weight. Service providers have different billing strategies for shipping charges, while some calculate the charges based on the dimensions and weight of the package, others like MyUS charge for weight shipped.
While ordering a product from other countries, one must keep in mind the additional shipping charge and customs duty that will be applied by these service providers. Considering these charges, Black Friday shopping from the US would benefit you if in the purchase of high-value goods that weighs less. A purchase of low-value good might not be a good deal after including these charges.
> Credit card tie-ups
If you have a credit card, you can get your orders shipped to India by ordering from the package forwarding services which have a tie-up with banks in India.
For instance, Citibank has a tie-up with Borderlinx, while ICICI has one with ShipOutFromUSA, American Express has one with MyUS, and even Standard Chartered has one such offer.
One can shop in these websites and place an order by providing their address in India, or wherever they want the package to be delivered in the country.
Shopping procedure in through these websites are similiar to the ones explained above as these websites serve as package forwarding services too. You might just get additional offers on purchases since the bank credit card you hold has a tie-up with them.
> Amazon's Global Store for India
Amazon India is hosting a 'Black Friday' preview sale from November 24-27 on its Global Store for international brands which is offering up 40 percent discount on the same.
The app is also hosting a contest for its India users.
Danica Patrick Sports Illustrated Cover 'Indy, Yes She Can' (Photos)
The Brickyard will host the Indy 500 on Sunday, May 25th. Danica Patrick will be one of 33 drivers vying for a big win. She is currently enjoying her career high fifth place points ranking following her first victory in Japan in April, making her the first female winner in the history of the Indy Racing League.
Danica, 5'2" and 100 pounds, has been voted the sport's most popular driver three years running. The 26 year old is poised to make history again this weekend, and would love to take the traditional swig of milk after winning the sports the biggest race. It would be the motor sports story of the year and a spectacular achievement by a woman if Danica wins the race. She will start in fifth position.
Patrick has raced three times at the Brickyard, finishing in 8th spot or better each time. She drives for Andretti Green Racing. Co-owner Kevin Savoree said:
When we considered Danica, we talked about that she could win the Indy 500, and that's why we hired her. She had a lot of marketability, but we hired her because she could win there."
How does Patrick excel at a track that is considered among the most technically demanding because of its flat layout, sharp corners and 225-mph speeds? According to Kim Green:
We've given her cars even this month that were maybe too unstable, and she doesn't come back ranting and raving. I'm so impressed with how calm she is."
Danica is screaming hot right now. She is glamorous and photogenic and has a broad fan base, appealing to kids and their parents. John Griffin, vice president of public relations for the Indy Racing League, said that the week after her victory in Japan, Patrick sold more than $100,000 worth of merchandise.
On Sunday at Noon EST over 300,000 race fans will be on hand to witness the race. Danica doesn't claim to be psychic but she had this to say about her chances of winning:
I'm not the only one who says it could be my year. But I've got a good feeling."
Check out more SI photos below. We've also got Danica Unzips for GoDaddy HERE.
Click HERE for Danica Patrick HOT under the collar photos.
The Most Important Key To Getting Views Has Nothing To Do With Your Content
I write headlines for a living—and I love it. I love nimble phrasing and trying to understand what will emotionally resonate with readers. I'm a firm believer that in today's digital world of abundant content and curated feeds, headlines are the single most powerful tool for the modern publisher. (Insert Spider-Man quote here.) But I'm worried that in a culture where the headline is often the sole determinant of whether something is worth our time, people like me are abusing this power. Let me show you how.
This Event in 2006 Made Headlines Matter More Than Ever
(See what I did there. I created a curiosity gap. Now you want to know what the event is don'tcha? I'll preempt my tangent, but check out UpWorthIt if you want to see how easy creating clickbait truly is.)
In the last few decades, the quantity of content being produced for the web has far outpaced our capacity to consume it. But on September 5th 2006, Facebook introduced a product that helped consumers close that gap: the news-feed. The news-feed is a revolutionary tool for consumers because it expands our limited capacity to consume content. From Yahoo! to USA Today, the feed-centric model is ubiquitous across every modern publisher. But the ramification of this fundamental shift in design is that we now consume content in headlines, thumbnails and mini descriptions. According to a recent study by Copyblogger, on average 8/10 people will read headline copy, but only 2/10 will read the rest. We have all become headline hunters.
Please, Tell Me What to Feel
Now, as we scroll through our feeds, we are looking for signals to be inspired, for emotion, for an itch that needs to be scratched. Whether the content is created by a trusted publisher, Vine celebrity, or a brand, the constant remains that we are looking at headlines to telegraph emotion and indicate value. From a marketing perspective, Upworthy co-founder Peter Koechley summed it up perfectly at the Native Advertising Summit when he said, “Headlines are one of the most undervalued parts of online messaging. People care about them, people know to care about them, but still it's the easiest way to dramatically increase the virality of everything you do and I guarantee that you're not spending enough time on it.”
According to Koechley, tests show that traffic to content at Upworthy can vary by as much as 500% simply because of the headline. In another famous example, a Youtuber posted a video with the title, “Zach Walls Speaks About Family”. Almost ten months later, the video was reposted on MoveOn with a new title, “Two Lesbians Raised A Baby And This Is What They Got.” With the new headline, the video received 11 million more views.
Tl;Dr Why All This Matters
So, where's the rub? Don't get me wrong, I'm all for the Upworthys of the world drawing attention to meaningful content. But, let's take a look at some of the headlines that filled my news-feed today. “Can You Make It Through This Video Without Happycrying?” and “This Is The Most Inspiring Yet Depressing Hilarious Yet Horrifying Heartwarming Grad Speech Ever.” Publishers are starting to over-promise and under-deliver.
If everyone from Perez Hilton to the New York Times begins writing click-bait headlines, not only will we all become numb to the headlines, but publishers will lose their most valuable asset—the trust of their audience. How do we combat this problem? I think the answer (in true San Franciscan fashion) starts with technology. Some publishers (like Medium!) are already developing algorithms for personally curated homepages and machine-learning recommendation engines. When headlines stop acting as the primary proxy for resonance, we can opt in to content we want to consume and laugh and cry on our own terms.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 14, 2016, 5:18 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 14, 2016, 5:18 PM GMT By Kailani Koenig
GREENVILLE, S.C. — Ohio Gov. John Kasich reiterated on Sunday his wish that President Obama does not nominate a replacement for the late U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, saying the 2016 election would allow the public to have a unique role in choosing his successor.
"I just think at a time when the country is so divided, it would just be great if the president didn't send somebody forward and we had an election,” Kasich told Chuck Todd on "Meet The Press" Sunday. "And then everybody would be clear about what they want in the next Supreme Court justice. But I guess it's not going to go that way."
"Then the people actually have had some say," Kasich added. "It's really kind of a unique thing when you think about it, Chuck. It's unique to say that the public itself is going to have sort of an indirect vote on who's going to be a Supreme Court justice."
Scalia passed away Saturday, sending the political world into a tailspin as a vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court opened up in the last year of President Obama's term in the middle of a hotly contested presidential election.
Related: Control of the Supreme Court Now at Stake in 2016
During Saturday night's debate, Kasich lamented the quick politicization of his death as conversation swirled over how President Obama and the U.S. Senate should act.
"I do want to take a second as we reflected on Judge Scalia, it's amazing,” Kasich said at the debate. “It's not even two minutes after the death of Judge Scalia, nine children here today, their father, didn't wake up. His wife sad, but, I just wish we hadn't run so fast into politics."
As Governor of Ohio, Kasich noted on Meet The Press that he has to deal with legislators and their decisions and that he tries to avoid telling them what to do. "I understand the president has prerogative here,” he said. “I got that. The Senate has a prerogative, too, of course."
President Obama has said he intends to nominate a new justice to the court, but it's up to the Republican Senate to confirm his nominee.
"You and I both know in the real world, they're not going to confirm anybody," said Kasich. "Unless they pick somebody who's so beloved that everybody goes, "That's great," okay, I don't think that's going to happen."
During Saturday's debate, Kasich told the audience he did not want the United States to become embroiled in civil wars overseas, and when asked about Syria on Meet The Press, he said, “I would only go to Syria to destroy ISIS."
"I would not use U.S. troops to depose Assad,” he continued. “But I would support the rebels there. It's okay to support those people who share your view. But for the United States to be embroiled in a civil war in Syria against Assad I think is a big mistake."
Leading up to his strong second place finish in the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday, Kasich was on a long kick of avoiding attacking other candidates, and tells crowds now that his finish means “the light overcame the darkness."
Kasich pointed to his crowds in South Carolina — which are substantially larger than any crowds he saw in New Hampshire – as responding well to his reluctance to go on the attack.
"People are grabbing onto you, saying, 'Please stay positive. Please don't get into these fights,'" he said. "And I get my energy by being for things. I don't get my energy by being against things. And I think people tend to get negative when they're not selling their own positive."
"It works out for me, great,” he added. “If it doesn't work out for me, I'll get to spend more time with my family. But, look, I want to win. And we're doing well."
NASA spacecraft orbiting Mars have returned clues for understanding seasonal features that are the strongest indication of possible liquid water that may exist today on the Red Planet.
The features are dark, finger-like markings that advance down some Martian slopes when temperatures rise. The new clues include corresponding seasonal changes in iron minerals on the same slopes and a survey of ground temperatures and other traits at active sites. These support a suggestion that brines with an iron-mineral antifreeze, such as ferric sulfate, may flow seasonally, though there are still other possible explanations.
Researchers call these dark flows "recurring slope lineae." As a result, RSL has become one of the hottest acronyms at meetings of Mars scientists.
"We still don't have a smoking gun for existence of water in RSL, although we're not sure how this process would take place without water," said Lujendra Ojha, a graduate student at the Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, and lead author of two new reports about these flows. He originally discovered them while an undergraduate at the University of Arizona, Tucson, three years ago, in images from the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) camera on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter.
Ojha and Georgia Tech assistant professor James Wray more recently looked at 13 confirmed RSL sites using images from the same orbiter's Compact Reconnaissance Imaging Spectrometer for Mars (CRISM) instrument. They searched for minerals that RSL might leave in their wake as a way of understanding the nature of these features: water-related or not?
They didn't find any spectral signature tied to water or salts. But they did find distinct and consistent spectral signatures of ferric and ferrous minerals at most of the sites. These iron-bearing minerals were more abundant or featured distinct grain sizes in RSL-related materials as compared to non-RSL slopes. These results are in a paper published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Ojha said, "Just like the RSL themselves, the strength of the spectral signatures varies according to the seasons. They're stronger when it's warmer and less significant when it's colder."
One possible explanation for these changes is a sorting of grain sizes, such as removal of fine dust from the surface, which could result from either a wet process or dry one. Two other possible explanations are an increase in the more-oxidized (ferric) component of the minerals, or an overall darkening due to moisture. Either of these would point to water, even though no water was directly detected. The spectral observations might miss the presence of water, because the dark flows are much narrower than the area of ground sampled with each CRISM reading. Also, the orbital observations have been made only in afternoons and could miss morning moisture.
The leading hypothesis for these features is the flow of near-surface water, kept liquid by salts depressing the freezing point of pure water. "The flow of water, even briny water, anywhere on Mars today would be a major discovery, impacting our understanding of present climate change on Mars and possibly indicating potential habitats for life near the surface on modern Mars," said Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter Project Scientist Richard Zurek, of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.
In related research, reported in a paper to be published by the journal Icarus next month, the Georgia Tech scientists and colleagues at the University of Arizona; U.S. Geological Survey, Flagstaff, Ariz.; and Polish Academy of Sciences, Warsaw, used the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter and NASA's Mars Odyssey orbiter to look for patterns in where and when the dark seasonal flows exist on Mars. Their results indicate that many sites with slopes, latitudes and temperatures matching known RSL sites do not have any evident RSL.
They hunted for areas that were ideal locations for RSL formation: areas near the southern mid-latitudes on rocky cliffs. They found 200, but barely any of them had RSL. "Only 13 of the 200 locations had confirmed RSL," said Ojha. "The fact that RSL occur in a few sites and not others indicates additional unknown factors such as availability of water or salts may play a crucial role in RSL formation."
They compared new observations with images from previous years, revealing that RSL are much more abundant some years than others.
"NASA likes to 'follow the water' in exploring the Red Planet, so we'd like to know in advance when and where it will appear," Wray said. "RSL have rekindled our hope of accessing modern water, but forecasting wet conditions remains a challenge."
JPL, a division of the California Institute of Technology, manages the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter and Mars Odyssey projects for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington. Lockheed Martin Space Systems in Denver built both orbiters. The University of Arizona operates the HiRISE camera, which was built by Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp. of Boulder, Colo. The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory, Laurel, Md., provided and operates CRISM.
For more about NASA's Mars exploration missions, see http://www.nasa.gov/mars and http://mars.jpl.nasa.gov . The new research reports about recurring slope lineae are available at http://wray.eas.gatech.edu/Ojha_etal2013-acceptedGRL.pdf and http://wray.eas.gatech.edu/Ojha_etal2014-acceptedIcarus.pdf .
News Media Contact
Guy Webster 818-354-6278Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.guy.webster@jpl.nasa.govJason Maderer 404-385-2966Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlantajason.maderer@comm.gatech.edu2014-042
Shoutout to Mormon Think for having such extensive information and resources. For more about the witnesses to The Book of Mormon, visit their site! They have a lot of good stuff. They also provided us with the sources for this post, so go do some fact-checking there, should you feel inclined.
Here are 10 things you might not know about witness to The Book of Mormon, Martin Harris.
1. His wife thought The Book of Mormon was a lie. He told her it didn't matter, because he could make money out of it.
An account by Abigail Harris, Lucy Harris' sister:
“… Martin Harris and Lucy Harris, his wife, were at my house [early part of winter, 1828]. In conversation with the Mormonites, she [Lucy Harris] observed that she wished her husband would quit them, as she believed it all false and a delusion. To which I heard Mr. Harris reply: ‘What if it is a lie; if you will let me alone I will make money out of it!' I was both an eye- and ear-witness of what has been above stated, which is now fresh in my memory, and I speak the truth and lie not, God being my witness.”
2. He made some crazy prophecies that didn't come true.
“I do hereby assert and declare that in four years from the date hereof, every sectarian and religious denomination in the United States shall be broken down, and every Christian shall be gathered unto the Mormonites, and the rest of the human race shall perish. If these things do not take place, I will hereby consent to have my hand separated from my body.”
– Joseph Smith, The prophet his family and friends, pg 197
3. He changed his religion over 13 times in his life, before and after Mormonism.
After Joseph Smith's death, he accepted James J. Strang as Mormonism's new prophet, and went on a mission for the Strangite church. Harris also accepted other men as prophets (and successors of Joseph), such as Gladden Bishop.
James Strang claimed to have a new set of supernatural plates and witnesses to authenticate them. Harris was also briefly intrigued by the “Roll and Book,” a supernatural scripture delivered to the Shakers.
4. He said he saw the BOM plates with his “spiritual eye”, not his actual eyes.
John H. Gilbert, the typesetter for most of the book, said that he had asked Harris, “Martin, did you see those plates with your naked eyes?” According to Gilbert, Harris “looked down for an instant, raised his eyes up, and said, ‘No, I saw them with a spiritual eye.'”
Two other Palmyra residents said that Harris told them that he had seen the plates with “the eye of faith” or “spiritual eyes.”
In 1838, Harris is said to have told an Ohio congregation that “he never saw the plates with his natural eyes, only in vision or imagination.” A neighbor of Harris in Kirtland, Ohio, said that Harris “never claimed to have seen [the plates] with his natural eyes, only spiritual vision.”
5. His wife also said that The Book of Mormon made Martin Harris a worse person and an abusive husband.
“In one of his fits of rage he struck me with the butt end of a whip, which I think had been used for driving oxen, and was about the size of my thumb, and three or four feet long. He beat me on the head four or five times, and the next day turned me out of doors twice, and beat me in a shameful manner….
Whether the Mormon religion be true or false, I leave the world to judge; for its effects on Martin Harris have been to make him more cross, turbulent and abusive to me. His whole object was to make money out of it. I will give a proof of this. One day at Peter Harris' house (Abigail Harris' husband) I told him he had better leave the company of the Smiths, as their religion was false. To this he replied, “If you would let me alone, I could make money out of it.' It is in vain for the Mormons to deny these facts, as they are well known to most of his former neighbors.” (Vogel 1996-2003, 2: 34-36)
6. He was known to be gullible and superstitious.
“Once while reading scripture, he reportedly mistook a candle's sputtering as a sign that the devil desired him to stop. Another time he excitedly awoke from his sleep believing that a creature as large as a dog had been upon his chest, though a nearby associate could find nothing to confirm his fears. Several hostile and perhaps unreliable accounts told of visionary experiences with Satan and Christ, Harris once reporting that Christ had been poised on a roof beam.”
– Ronald W. Walker, “Martin Harris: Mormonism's Early Convert,” Dialogue: A Journal of Mormon Thought 19 (Winter 1986): 34-35.
7. He claimed to have seen the devil, who apparently has four feet.
“No matter where he went, he saw visions and supernatural appearances all around him. He told a gentleman in Palmyra, after one of his excursions to Pennsylvania, while the translation of the Book of Mormon was going on, that on the way he met the Lord Jesus Christ, who walked along by the side of him in the shape of a deer for two or three miles, talking with him as familiarly as one man talks with another.” According to two Ohio newspapers, shortly after Harris arrived in Kirtland he began claiming to have “seen Jesus Christ and that he is the handsomest man he ever did see. He has also seen the Devil, whom he described as a very sleek haired fellow with four feet, and a head like that of a Jack-ass.”
– John A. Clark letter, August 31, 1840 in EMD, 2: 271:
8. His wife was also his first cousin!
Just a fun tidbit for you.
Angry at the Westminster consensus on cuts, Mhairi Black joined the SNP. Soon she could be the UK's youngest MP
A self-confessed political “geek” and football obsessive, Mhairi Black – like any university student – is happier in jeans than in the smart business suits she is having to get used to wearing.
“My mum insisted,” said the 20-year-old. “We went shopping the minute I was selected.”
Nicola Sturgeon offers new deal to help Ed Miliband into No 10 Read more
In the concrete car park directly across from the ancient abbey of Paisley – resting place of the royal house of Stuart and a place where 19th-century radicals once plotted an overthrow of the government – Black's supporters are more warmly dressed in Puffa jackets and scarves. The evening sunshine is giving way to drizzle and a chilly wind. Black must be freezing as she takes out her Scottish National party rosette and pins it to her lapel, but beams warmly. “Right, at least its drier than last night. So where are we going?”
If the pollsters are accurate, Black could be going all the way to Westminster. According to a February poll by Lord Ashcroft, Black is 8% ahead of her rival. Victory would be a remarkable feat and make the SNP candidate for Paisley and Renfrewshire South the youngest ever MP, as well as overturn the 16,610 majorities of one of Labour's biggest hitters in Scotland, shadow foreign secretary Douglas Alexander.
Referring to its radical traditions, Benjamin Disraeli once said: “Keep your eye on Paisley.” Students of political upsets would do well to heed the advice on 7 May.
As Black canvasses round an estate of modern terraced houses in central Paisley, a town some seven miles west of Glasgow, everyone who answers their door has an opinion. “You're kind of young to be taking on a big gun,” said Joseph Findlay, a lifelong Labour voter. But he's prepared to listen and takes the literature he's offered. “I think the SNP will win round here,” he said. “As long as David Cameron is put out, that's the main thing.” Findlay is the only one who mentions her age, but everyone has something to say – about welfare, the NHS, dirty pavements, tax, even euthanasia.
Though slightly startled by her own trajectory, Black is not remotely surprised by the SNP surge. “People have been battered by a system that doesn't care about them and they've had enough of austerity,” she said. “You can feel the frustration that people have, that the principles have been abandoned by Labour. My dad is a lifelong Labour voter: my family was all proper Clydeside-shipyards Labour. But my grandfather would turn in his grave if he heard how Labour were behaving now: the bitterness in them. The intellect of the party has fallen, the principles of the party have fallen. They started taking people for granted. My dad and I joined the SNP on the same day. Labour have never had to campaign here, so I wanted to stand to force Douglas Alexander to do just that.”
Alexander, in charge of Labour's national election strategy, knows he is in a battle now. The membership of the SNP has tripled in the past six months to more than 106,000 – the party claims 1,200 people signed up during Thursday's television leadership debate in which its leader, Nicola Sturgeon, starred. It has become the third largest party by membership in Britain.
For Black, the legacy of Scotland's in/out referendum is a renewed political energy and determination, and a growing self-confidence among those who want Scotland to shape its own destiny. “It took a day or two to lick my wounds, and then I just thought: right, what can I do now? And a lot of people were like that. People had a confidence, that capability. You knew that you could be a painter and decorator and know more about what needs to be done in this society than anyone in a suit in Westminster. Because you know what it is to be skint and to live with the anxieties of that in your life. That's what the Labour party used to stand for. We don't need to be millionaires, we just want to be making a decent living and having our views listened to.
“It's about making a noise, whether writing to your MP or going on a march. I've got a lot of friends who live in England who are really jealous of what's happening in Scotland, who would love to be part of something like this.”
My grandfather would turn in his grave if he heard how Labour were behaving now: the bitterness in my Mhairi Black
Black tackled the selection process in the way she is tackling the election: singlemindedly. The first girl in her primary school to be selected for the football team, she clearly has determination and drive.
But it was just a day after her selection that the first hard political knock came. In what seems an oversight by the SNP PR machine, Black's Twitter account still held tweets from when she was a teenager. During an especially tense match between her beloved Partick Thistle and rivals Celtic, she had tweeted: “I've only just realised – I really f***** hate Celtic” and “Celtic, yer a joke! #scum.”
“Yes, making the front page was a surprise,” she said ruefully. “My brother came through and said: ‘Have you seen this?' But then he said: ‘You got a bit heated during a football match. Tony Blair started a war. Let's put it in perspective.'
“So it was a shock to the system, but you have to think about what your political opponents are doing, trawling through to find old messages written by a teenager and holding them relevant in a country where 100,000 children are living below the poverty line. Maybe their priorities are a bit skewed.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Douglas Alexander, the shadow foreign secretary, outside Paisley Abbey. Photograph: Murdo MacLeod
That wasn't the end of the controversy. At a post-referendum rally, Black described being at the count and walking past “all these fatcat Labour councillors goading us, clapping sarcastically, saying ‘better luck next time' or ‘hard lines'. It took everything, every fibre in my being, not to put the nut in one of them.” Unfortunately for her, the cameras were rolling.
“Of course, I regret that turn of phrase,” she says now. “That day, after two years of work, of course it was emotional. And no, I wasn't about to headbutt anyone.”
On his doorstep, Paisley voter Joseph Findlay is impressed with Black. He's never before voted SNP, but he's now considering it, disillusioned with Labour. “I think they judged it wrong, they scared people and that's not right. There's a lot regretting it now.
“I voted Labour all my life, my wife voted no in the referendum, and I voted yes. She's riddled with guilt now she sees that nothing has changed. We're both not decided yet for the general election but I think the SNP are going to win around here.
“Us oldyins haven't done much to put up a fight, so now the younger ones are getting out and doing it for themselves.”
He peers round his doorframe at the departing figure of Black, off to “chap” his neighbour's door. “Very good luck to the lassie.”
If the directness of the voters around here is anything to go by, there is no tolerance for the status quo. Alexander may yet pull back some of his party's deserters before the vote, but there is a new wave of post-referendum politicised Scots who won't make it easy.
Black refuses to even think about losing. “I'm fighting this election day by day, talking to as many people as I possibly can. I want to change things, that's what people are demanding. You can feel it bubbling – the frustration and the anger.”
AdSense Player. This player has full sharing enabled: social, email, embed, etc. It has the ability to go fullscreen. It will display a list of suggested videos when the video has played to the end.
New alert system gives president special code for emergency messagesThe Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is looking to overhaul the Emergency Alert System so the president can speak to the country at the flip of a switch in the event of a nationwide emergency.
The national Emergency Alert System broadcasts television alert messages to warn people about immediate dangers. The system is often used at the local level to warn people about weather conditions such as tornadoes or flash floods.
ADVERTISEMENT
The system is not capable of reaching the entire country all at once should the president need to warn the public of something like a terrorist attack or an act of war against the country. Instead, to reach the entire country, each local jurisdiction would have to broadcast the same message — a tedious process that could leave room for gaps if one station misses the broadcast.
So the FCC is proposing a national location code that would give the president the ability to broadcast to the entire country with a single message in the event of a nationwide emergency. The proposal will be published in Tuesday's edition of the Federal Register.
The FCC says the update will help with "saving human lives, reducing injuries, mitigating property damage, and minimizing the disruption of the national economy."
The changes would not only allow the warning system to reach a larger audience but also make it more accessible to people with disabilities, such as those who are deaf.
In addition to the audio warnings, these alerts also issue "visual crawlers," or text that runs across the top of the TV screen, so deaf people can read the warnings.
Critics have complained that the text, in some cases, goes by too quickly for deaf people to read. So the FCC is also looking to establish new rules that would slow down the text to make the alerts more readable.
The updates would also require broadcasters to file test results electronically with the FCC.
The FCC estimates all of these changes would cost the industry between $7 million and $13.6 million in compliance costs.
The public has 30 days to comment on the proposed rules.
With the loss to D.C. United at home on May 29, the Portland Timbers have finished the first third of their 2011 schedule. Playing 11 matches of their total 34 match MLS schedule, the Timbers currently sit with a record of 5 wins, 4 losses and 2 draws. The club's home record has been an impressive 5 wins and a loss, while the road has been less than kind with no wins, 3 losses and 2 draws. However, it's safe to say the current team is playing much better than the side that took the pitch in Denver, Colorado back on March 19 to start the season. We now take a look at the positives, negatives, and things to improve upon up to now.
Positives:
A stellar home pitch advantage: MLS teams have watched JELD-WEN Field become one of the most rabid environments in support of the Timbers, and the team has responded with an impressive home record to this point. The wins have also been differing styles, from the shootout wins against Chicago and FC Dallas to the grind out victories over Philadelphia and Columbus. The Timbers are indeed a very different group when playing in front of the Timbers Army, and the results show.
Some burgeoning young stars: While various drafts and signings have pieced together the Timbers inaugural roster, good fortune and hard work has allowed a few of the Timbers younger players to elevate their play to the point where they could be the next young stars of MLS. Defender Eric Brunner was well thought of in Columbus after two seasons with the Crew, but they left him exposed in the Expansion Draft and Portland snapped up the center back with one of their picks. After a rocky start, Brunner has blossomed into the team's most consistent force on the backline, even scoring the only goal against his former club in a May 21 meeting.
Defender Mamadou Danso has also made a successful jump from USL project player to stalwart at the center back position. His positioning and pace have greatly improved over the years, but it's his ability to join the attack on set pieces that is most impressive. He has been able to consistently outwork and out jump his opponents, and put laser headers on target at will, scoring the only goals for the Timbers against Philadelphia and Seattle.
Midfielder Diego Chará has yet to score a goal, but his steady work in the middle to fortify the Timbers attack and slow down the opposition has been remarkable. Teaming with team captain Jack Jewsbury, the central midfield has been a source of strength in most matches, and I expect a greater contribution from Chará as he becomes more comfortable with his teammates. Goalkeeper Jake Gleeson was put in a tough situation back on March 26 when he subbed in for an injured Adin Brown at half, and for the following two fixtures, Gleeson gave fans a glimpse of his immense talent. It's hard to believe that Gleeson was playing for the Timbers U-23 team last season, but he's made the jump to MLS seem effortless.
Add in some veterans who have stepped up their games: Jewsbury has a reputation as an unsung but valuable cog during his days in Kansas City, doing much of the little things on the pitch while other teammates grab the notoriety. Since his trade to Portland, he has stepped in to give the team another veteran voice to keep order, but his game has significantly evaluated as well. He's already scored three goals and five assists at this point, and his passes on set pieces have given the Timbers offense a completely new and dangerous dimension.
Goalkeeper Troy Perkins was injured late in training camp after taking a shot off his knee, and missed the team's first five matches rehabilitating the damage. While his first match against Los Angeles wasn't good from the score line, he did display amazing dexterity and speed to keep things from getting worse. He's also stepped up to make some highlight reel saves in winning the MLS Save of the Week in week 10 for his stop on Columbus forward Tommy Heinemann. Finally, veterans Jeremy Hall and Rodney Wallace have shown something after they were moved from the midfield into the respective right and left defensive back positions, giving the backline speed and viable threats during counter attacks.
Finally, find the right coaches for the job: Coach John Spencer achieved plenty of success in his playing career and in his assistant role with Houston before joining the Timbers, but often the jump from assistant to head coach traps even the most prepared individuals. Spencer's influence has been felt since the early days of training camp, preaching a message of commitment and perseverance. Whether it's maximum effort during drills to the prospect of winning each and every time on the pitch, Spencer doesn't mince words with his players.
While critical at points, he also lets every player know what is expected of them at all times, and what it will take to meet that goal. He's the right coach for this team, and the early results have far more highlights than issues. Spencer has also smartly surrounded himself with a group of assistant coaches that provide leadership, passion and knowledge in their respective areas and that belief has translated into some early successes not only for the Timbers, but for the U-23 side. As evidenced by recent firings in Chicago and Vancouver, the chemistry of a club starts with the right coach, and Portland certainly has their man.
Negatives:
The offense has lacked diversity: The Timbers haven't scored a goal in open play since their win against FC Dallas, using set pieces and penalty kicks for their tallies since then. While having an exceptional attack on plays is important, not having a consistent offensive threat during normal play puts more pressure on those situations. In the loss to D.C. United, the lack of flow in the attack was very evident, although the Timbers made it interesting by converting a penalty kick and a set piece for their goals. The Timbers need to find some balance in their goal scoring to keep teams off balance.
MLS also still wonders if the Timbers aren't a product of their home environment: Yes, the efforts away from JELD-WEN have improved since Colorado and Toronto, but until this team wins a meaningful match away from Portland, this question will continue to come up. Granted, the draw in Seattle was a well deserved result, but if this team is truly a playoff caliber side, they need to pick up some wins in hostile territory. Their road match against Chivas USA on June 4 could be a great place to start after beating them in March during USOC qualifying, but the Goats have significantly improved since their early season difficulties and could present a challenge to the Timbers.
Things to Improve Upon
Get midfielder Darlington Nagbe healthy but don't rush him: Nagbe is a one of a kind player, possessing blinding speed, adept ball possession and impressive pitch vision. However, the start of his MLS career has been beset with various injuries after off season hernia surgery, and he's now dealing with an abductor muscle strain. There's no sense in pushing the recovery, though. I'd rather see him healthy and ready to go than rush and potentially cause more harm.
Get midfielder Kalif Alhassan back on track: Nagbe's counterpart on the wings also has a wealth of talent at his disposal, but his recent play has floated between impatience or lack of maturity. He's only 20 years old and I would expect a young player to struggle at points, but his recent shots on goal have alternated between rockets flying into the crowd, weak passes to teammates, or getting flustered trying too hard for the perfect shot instead of pulling the trigger. Getting Alhassan righted would add a dynamic threat to the wings that right now the Timbers sorely need.
Work on Kenny Cooper's psyche: Cooper is one of the hardest workers in MLS, and has amazing touch and grace for a big guy, but lately his game has struggled. Against Columbus, he appeared to rely upon initiating contact to try and buy foul calls in advantageous spots on the pitch, while his match against D.C. United was nightmarish at best. Although the team has addressed some of the tension and issues after a disagreement between Spencer and Cooper during the match, righting the ship for the mercurial forward is paramount to opening up the Timbers offense.
Continue to work hard even in difficult scenarios: The Timbers were outworked by D.C. United for most of their meeting, and while the Timbers didn't give up, I did get the sense that the team expected to win simply by showing up. The character of a team is measured by how they deal with adversity, and after losing their home winning streak, the Timbers must get back to what they did during their streak: playing unselfishly, matching their opponent's intensity, believing in each other, not obsessing over officiating and taking advantage of the breaks that come along. How this team rebounds on June 11 versus Colorado will go a long way towards showing how much or little this team has grown since their season opener.
One crooked deal after another has revealed that the team that organised the Commonwealth Games in India was incorporated as the worst sort of Badmaash Company.Adding to the injury of the thousands of missing crores is the insult that the various deals were crassly crafted. But the corruption that became the currency of the Games is now going to hit India where it hurts.Some of the men who organised the Games have been arrested, interrogated and released. They have left behind a stack of unpaid bills. Bills that will be paid by you.NDTV used the Right to Information Act to get the financial big picture. The Games were held in October amid a series of media reports on how the Organising Committee for the event, headed by Suresh Kalmadi, had converted the Games into their financial fiefdom.The result: a deficit of nearly Rs 1500 crore.The Games were meant to earn 1780 crores - a target set by Games Organising Committee chairman, who promised the games would be revenue neutral.The revenue, however, adds upto just Rs 400 crore.In recent weeks, several of Kalmadi's closest aides and members of the Organising Committee were arrested, some of them for trying to obstruct the CBI's inquiry into the body's financial history.In January this year, Kalmadi was sacked as Chairman by Sports Minister Ajay Maken.Total expenditure for the Games added up to almost Rs 1700 crore - of this the government has had to pay nearly Rs 1300 crore.Sponsorship was meant to bring in Rs 400 crore, but only half that amount was earned, with Rs 75 crore coming from the Indian Railways.Weeks before the Games began, SMAM, an Austrlian company hired to bring in international sponsors, was fired after media reports that it had failed to deliver any significant contracts, but was on the verge of being paid a huge commission even for deals being signed directly between the Organising Committee and Indian Public Sector Units like the Railways.Broadcasting rights delivered Rs 174 crores instead of the planned Rs 370 crore. The deal with SIS Live, a UK-based firm, has earned its place among the top 3 swindles of the Commonwealth Games. SIS was paid Rs 246 crore, and among various problems with that was that SIS was allowed to sub-contract its work within hours of the contract being signed to a Delhi-based company. It earned a significant profit from this.
Islam is 'the most evil religion in the world', according to evolutionary biologist and atheist standard-bearer Richard Dawkins.
Speaking at the Cheltenham Science Festival yesterday, Dawkins stressed that he he opposed all religion. However, he said: 'It's tempting to say all religions are bad, and I do say all religions are bad, but it's a worse temptation to say all religions are equally bad because they're not.'
Reuters Richard Dawkins Islam is the most evil religion in the world.
According to the Daily Telegraph, he said: 'If you look at the actual impact that different religions have on the world it's quite apparent that at present the most evil religion in the world has to be Islam.
'It's terribly important to modify that because of course that doesn't mean all Muslims are evil, very far from it. Individual Muslims suffer more from Islam than anyone else.
'They suffer from the homophobia, the misogyny, the joylessness which is preached by extreme Islam, Isis and the Iranian regime.
'So it is a major evil in the world, we do have to combat it, but we don't do what Trump did and say all Muslims should be shut out of the country. That's draconian, that's illiberal, inhumane and wicked. I am against Islam not least because of the unpleasant effects it has on the lives of Muslims.'
Dawkins also said he believed British schoolchildren need to study religious education,
Asked whether RE in schools should be abolished because children could be brainwashed he replied: 'I don't think religious education should be abolished.
'I think that it is an important part of our culture to know about the Bible. After all so much of English literature has allusions to the Bible, if you look up the Oxford English Dictionary you find something like the same number of quotations from the Bible as from Shakespeare.
'It's an important part of our history. So much of European history is dominated by disputes against rival religions and you can't understand history unless you know about the history of the Christian religion and the Crusades and so on.'
Dawkins said: 'I would not abolish religious education, I think I would substitute it for comparative religion and Biblical history and religious history.
'Comparative religion is very valuable, partly because the child learns that there are lots of different religions, not just the one they were brought up with. They learn they are all different and they can't all be right, so maybe none of them are right. Critical thinking is what we need.'
He also said it was 'deeply wicked' and 'evil' to use religion to scare children, by warning them they could end up in 'hell fire'.
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Friday, November 14, 2014 >>> ARCHIVES | SEARCH OnionDuke: APT Attacks Via the Tor Network Posted by FSLabs @ 05:00 GMT Recently, research was published identifying a Tor exit node, located in Russia, that was consistently and maliciously modifying any uncompressed Windows executables downloaded through it. Naturally this piqued our interest, so we decided to peer down the rabbit hole. Suffice to say, the hole was a lot deeper than we expected! In fact, it went all the way back to the notorious Russian APT family MiniDuke, known to have been used in targeted attacks against NATO and European government agencies. The malware used in this case is, however, not a version of MiniDuke. It is instead a separate, distinct family of malware that we have since taken to calling OnionDuke. But lets start from the beginning.
When a user attempts to download an executable via the malicious Tor exit node, what they actually receive is an executable "wrapper" that embeds both the original executable and a second, malicious executable. By using a separate wrapper, the malicious actors are able to bypass any integrity checks the original binary might contain. Upon execution, the wrapper will proceed to write to disk and execute the original executable, thereby tricking the user into believing that everything went fine. However, the wrapper will also write to disk and execute the second executable. In all the cases we have observed, this malicious executable has been the same binary (SHA1: a75995f94854dea8799650a2f4a97980b71199d2, detected as Trojan-Dropper:W32/OnionDuke.A). This executable is a dropper containing a PE resource that pretends to be an embedded GIF image file. In reality, the resource is actually an encrypted dynamically linked library (DLL) file. The dropper will proceed to decrypt this DLL, write it to disk and execute it.
A flowchart of the infection process
Once executed, the DLL file (SHA1: b491c14d8cfb48636f6095b7b16555e9a575d57f, detected as Backdoor:W32/OnionDuke.B) will decrypt an embedded configuration (shown below) and attempt to connect to hardcoded C&C URLs specified in the configuration data. From these C&Cs the malware may receive instructions to download and execute additional malicious components. It should be noted, that we believe all five domains contacted by the malware are innocent websites compromised by the malware operators, not dedicated malicious servers.
A screenshot of the embedded configuration data
Through our research, we have also been able to identify multiple other components of the OnionDuke malware family. We have, for instance, observed components dedicated to stealing login credentials from the victim machine and components dedicated to gathering further information on the compromised system like the presence of antivirus software or a firewall. Some of these components have been observed being downloaded and executed by the original backdoor process but for other components, we have yet to identify the infection vector. Most of these components don't embed their own C&C information but rather communicate with their controllers through the original backdoor process.
One component, however, is an interesting exception. This DLL file (SHA1 d433f281cf56015941a1c2cb87066ca62ea1db37, detected as Backdoor:W32/OnionDuke.A) contains among its configuration data a different hardcoded C&C domain, overpict.com and also evidence suggesting that this component may abuse Twitter as an additional C&C channel. What makes the overpict.com domain interesting, is it was originally registered in 2011 with the alias of "John Kasai". Within a two-week window, "John Kasai" also registered the following domains: airtravelabroad.com, beijingnewsblog.net, grouptumbler.com, leveldelta.com, nasdaqblog.net, natureinhome.com, nestedmail.com, nostressjob.com, nytunion.com, oilnewsblog.com, sixsquare.net and ustradecomp.com. This is significant because the domains leveldelta.com and grouptumbler.com have previously been identified as C&C domains used by MiniDuke. This strongly suggests that although OnionDuke and MiniDuke are two separate families of malware, the actors behind them are connected through the use of shared infrastructure.
A visualization of the infrastructure shared between OnionDuke and MiniDuke
Based on compilation timestamps and discovery dates of samples we have observed, we believe the OnionDuke operators have been infecting downloaded executables at least since the end of October 2013. We also have evidence suggesting that, at least since February of 2014, OnionDuke has not only been spread by modifying downloaded executables but also by infecting executables in .torrent files containing pirated software. However, it would seem that the OnionDuke family is much older, both based on older compilation timestamps and also on the fact that some of the embedded configuration data make reference to an apparent version number of 4 suggesting that at least three earlier versions of the family exist.
During our research, we have also uncovered strong evidence suggesting that OnionDuke has been used in targeted attacks against European government agencies, although we have so far been unable to identify the infection vector(s). Interestingly, this would suggest two very different targeting strategies. On one hand is the "shooting a fly with a cannon" mass-infection strategy through modified binaries and, on the other, the more surgical targeting traditionally associated with APT operations.
In any case, although much is still shrouded in mystery and speculation, one thing is certain. While using Tor may help you stay anonymous, it does at the same time paint a huge target on your back. It's never a good idea to download binaries via Tor (or anything else) without encryption. The problem with Tor is that you have no idea who is maintaining the exit node you are using and what their motives are. VPNs (such as our Freedome VPN) will encrypt your connection all the way through the Tor network, so the maintainers of Tor exit nodes will not see your traffic and can't tamper with it.
Samples:
• a75995f94854dea8799650a2f4a97980b71199d2
• b491c14d8cfb48636f6095b7b16555e9a575d57f
• d433f281cf56015941a1c2cb87066ca62ea1db37
Detected as: Trojan-Dropper:W32/OnionDuke.A, Backdoor:W32/OnionDuke.A, and Backdoor:W32/OnionDuke.B.
Post by — Artturi (@lehtior2)
HONOLULU (CN) – Two Christian churches lack legal standing to prevent same-sex couples from benefitting under Hawaii's new civil union law, a federal judge ruled.
Act 1, which was enacted on Jan. 1, 2012, made Hawaii the seventh state to legalize same-sex civil unions. Days earlier, two churches and their pastors claimed Act 1 violated their civil rights in a federal lawsuit against the state, Gov. Neil Abercrombie and Department of Health director Loretta Fuddy.
U.S. District Judge J. Michael Seabright denied their bid for a temporary restraining order late Friday.
Emmanuel Temple, the House of Praise; its pastor, Carl E. Harris; Lighthouse Outreach Center Assembly of God; and its pastor, Joel Hunkin, had claimed that they needed a restraining order and injunction “to maintain their 1st, 5th and 14th Amendment rights, without being subjected to injunctions, fines and other penalties for refusing to rent their church grounds for same-sex ceremonies and receptions.”
“The potential for hundreds of Section 1983 actions to swell the court docket for each and every violation of the First Amendment are sure to open the flood gates to a round of intense litigation in this forum,” according to a reply filed early Friday in support of their petition.
The churches claimed they faced imminent threat of sexual-discrimination claims because Act 1 would make them liable for “declining to perform a funeral for a same-sex couple, or for refusing a same-sex couple a same-sex ceremony on church grounds.” This holding, allegedly supported by Hawaii's attorney general, “places the anti-discrimination provisions of H.R.S. [Hawaii Revised Statutes] 489 … superior to the plaintiffs' First Amendment rights.”
Judge Seabright noted in his order that H.R.S. 489 prohibits “unfair discriminatory practices that deny, or attempt to deny, a person the full and equal enjoyment of the goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages, and accommodations of a place of public accommodation on the basis of race, sex, including gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, color, religion, ancestry, or disability.” If the Hawaii attorney general or Hawaii Civil Rights Commission bring action for violations of this law, they can seek penalties of no less than $500 and no more than $10,000.
Seabright slammed the churches' interpretation of Act 1, which reads that “nothing in this section shall be construed to require any person authorized to perform solemnizations pursuant to chapter 572 or civil unions pursuant to this chapter to perform a solemnization of a civil union, and no such authorized person who fails or refuses for any reason to join persons in a civil union shall be subject to any fine or other penalty for the failure or refusal.”
“Act 1, thus, contains ‘immunity' from fines or penalties if a pastor, such as Harris, refuses to perform a civil union (if such refusal would otherwise constitute illegal discrimination),” the 17-page decision states (parentheses in original). “Act 1 does not, however, contain ‘immunity' if a church or other religious organization refuses – on the basis that it is opposed to civil unions – to rent or otherwise allow use of its facilities for performing civil unions or hosting receptions celebrating a civil union.”
The “drastic” remedy of the preliminary injunction is unjustified because it was “based upon plaintiffs' planned refusal to make their facilities available” for civil union events, Seabright wrote.
He added that there is no “realistic danger of sustaining a direct injury” under the statute, and a “general intent to violate a statute at some unknown date in the future does not rise to the level of an articulated, concrete plan.”
“A couple would have to ask, they would have to be denied, and they would then have to file suit,” Seabright wrote,
The churches' original complaint said that private individuals have already initiated complaints with the Hawaii Civil Rights Commission against churches and houses of worship in the last 12 months “for refusing to rent their facilities for same-sex unions and/or marriage ceremonies.”
Their attorney, Shawn Luiz, called the state's position “absurd” in the reply brief. “The church cannot be forced to allow its property to be used for a same-sex ceremony (an act of sacrilege according to church teachings and the Gospel of Jesus Christ) any more than plaintiffs could be ordered to allow a civil union of a man and woman on church property (fornication),” the brief states.
Luiz has reportedly said his clients will not hesitate to bring another suit now that Act 1 is actionable.
Like this: Like Loading...
Hi all!
A bunch of random things to discuss this week…
Survey
First and foremost, we have another alpha player survey online. There are questions about skins/emotes, unit balance, the armory card-flipping minigame, and more. Please fill it out; your responses are extremely helpful!
TAKE THE SURVEY HERE!
Stats
We collect a huge number of statistics on Prismata units—how often they are bought, how often players win with them, and how balanced they are. In this article, I wanted to share a few of our findings.
Player 1/player 2 balance
Across all ladder games played since our last balance patch, we found a player 2 winrate of 51.3% (ignoring draws), which is close to our goal of 50%. This winrate is relatively consistent across all skill levels, with a slight increase to about 51.5% among tier X players.
This is down from over 52% a few months ago. The improvement is likely due to a number of balance changes that helped reduce player 2 advantages in certain sets. (Note, however, that we also made adjustments to units like Odin and Drake that previously favoured player 1; the adjustments to player 2-favouring units like Cynestra and Tesla Coil simply had a greater effect.)
Though we still have some work to do and plan several additional balance adjustments in the future, we're nonetheless very pleased with these results. For comparison, the red vs blue balance in League of Legends hovers around a 55% split in favour of the blue side in top level games.
The most-bought 1-supply units
Here are the purchase frequencies for each of the 1-supply units in Prismata. These numbers give the chance that a single player will purchase the given unit, and are obtained by averaging the player 1 and player 2 purchase frequencies of that unit over all games in which that unit is available.
There weren't too many differences across skill levels, but we did observe a few trends while studying the play of elite Prismata players. In games where both players were in Tier X and had ratings over 1800, players bought:
Fun Fact: The most frequently-bought non-base unit is Doomed Drone. Combining the purchases of both players, an average of 17.9 Doomed Drones are bought in each game in which Doomed Drone is available. In games where both players are rated above 1800, this increases to 23.9 Doomed Drones per game. Players rated over 1700 buy at least one Doomed Drone in more than 99% of games in which it's available.
Case Study—Vivid Drone
According to our latest stats, Vivid Drone currently exhibits the highest player imbalance among all units in Prismata. When Vivid Drone is present, the player 1 winrate in arena games is 54.4%.
Normally when we see statistical imbalances this large, we study the unit to death and ultimately uncover opening problems or other issues. These issues then prompt us to apply balancing changes to reduce the advantage that a unit might provide to one particular player.
However, Vivid Drone is a special case.
After a tremendous amount of research (observing Vivid Drone games, analyzing Vivid Drone sets, and delving deep into the statistics), we discovered that player 1's advantage in Vivid Drone sets is almost entirely due to player 2 having more opening choices, and consequently choosing a suboptimal choice more often than player 1. In fact, the winrate gap shrinks away almost entirely when only considering games featuring top Tier X players.
I've spoken to this issue on Reddit on prior occasions, but today I've prepared a video showing some examples of player 2 Vivid Drone openings. If you struggle with Vivid Drone as player 2, it should provide some helpful tips:
Now, as I mentioned on Reddit, the balance of units like Vivid Drone is tricky from a design point of view. If we could adjust Vivid Drone's balance to help out player 2 and bring the winrates closer to 50/50, it's quite possible that we would inadvertently create a situation where player 2 had winrates above 50% after selecting the right opening. We don't want that either!
Often, when balancing a unit, we have to choose between:
Balance that leads to a 50% winrate.
Balance that leads to both players having equal winning chances if they both play optimal openings.
Units like Vivid Drone, which offer drastically fewer opening choices for one player compared to the other, are precisely those units for which these two methods of balance lead to substantially different results. Not everyone is going to choose the optimal opening, and players who choose the wrong opening drag down the average winrate for player 2 quite substantially.
So what's the plan? Right now, our strategy with Vivid Drone is to wait a little longer to see if the community can adjust and learn to play a bit better as player 2 in Vivid Drone sets. We believe that we've given both players enough tools to do well in Vivid Drone games, and that it's up to our players to make the most of them. I hope the video helps a little bit!
Conclusion
Statistics are one of the many tools we use in balancing Prismata, but ultimately, our goal is to make Prismata the best competitive strategy game it can be—not necessarily for every statistic to be 50%. The most important input we use in balancing the game is your feedback, which is why you should go FILL OUT OUR SURVEY right now if you haven't done so already!
See you next time!
The Board of Directors of the National Capital Commission was quietly shuffled last week in advance of what's poised to be a contentious public meeting, given the ongoing controversy over the Memorial to Victims of Communism.
On Wednesday evening, the NCC announced via Twitter that four members of the board were stepping down, to be replaced by five new appointments.
“The people who left, their terms had expired, and this is just a normal replacement of people,” said Russell Mills, the chair of the Board of Directors.
“I phoned them all last week, and welcomed the new directors to the board. All of the people who had left were well beyond the expiry of their terms. We had been asking for the government to deal with that and appoint some replacements.”
Commissioners Jacquelin Holzman, Eric MacKenzie, Richard Jennings and Jason Sordi were to be replaced by Basil Stewart, Lisa Macdonald, Brian Coburn, Victor Brunette and Carol Loughrey.
Holzman, a former Ottawa mayor, said her term was going to expire this November but because the cabinet needs to approve the appointment, the changes needed to be formalized before Parliament rose before this fall's election.
While four board members were replaced, Holzman and Jennings were made to step down last Friday in advance of this week's board meeting, while the other two won't be replaced until July 1.
“I have no idea why these decisions were made,” said Holzman in an interview Wednesday night. “These decisions are definitely not made by the NCC and they're not made by the chair.”
Ottawa Centre NDP member of Parliament Paul Dewar said he found out about the appointments on Wednesday.
Related
“My immediate reaction is that it seems to be quite a few appointments at the last minute,” Dewar said when reached by the Citizen.
Coburn is a former Ontario provincial Progressive Conservative cabinet minister and represented the Carleton-Gloucester (now Ottawa-Orléans) riding for the Progressive Conservatives in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1999-2003.
Stewart, a former police officer, was mayor of Summerside, P.E.I., until he was beaten out by local businessman Bill Martin in 2014. He has previously worked with the Federation of Canadian Municipalities. Brunette, a forest engineer, has held various roles over the years, including a stint with the Government of Alberta.
Loughrey spent a decade in government in New Brunswick. Macdonald has been the chief administrative officer for New Glasgow, N.S. since December 2007, and worked in banking and economic development. Loughrey and Macdonald appear to officially begin their roles with the NCC on July 1.
In an emailed statement, Pierre Poilievre, the minister responsible for the National Capital Commission, said, ‎‎”these vacant positions required the most qualified and experienced individuals to ensure the National Capital Commission continues to represent all Canadians. I'm pleased they have taken up this challenge.”
Dewar has long had concerns, he said, with the way people are appointed to the commission.
“What we see with these appointments seems to be, they've continued this trend of just appointing friends of the Conservative party,” said Dewar. “It's particularly of concern to the NCC in light of the most recent concerns with the proposal of the Victims of Communism Memorial.”
Partisan appointments to the NCC board of directors is hardly anything new. In 2012, former foreign affairs minister John Baird appointed his former teacher Kay Stanley to the board. Stanley has been president of teachers' federations, and is also Conservative Senator Marjory LeBreton¹s sister. Bob Plamondon is on a leave of absence from the board while he seeks the Conservative nomination in the riding of Nepean.
According to the NCC board's meeting agenda, directors will be hearing an update on the Victims of Communism project and will also be voting on the decontamination of the site. What exactly that means for the future of the monument is unclear. While the board signed off on the site — near the Supreme Court of Canada — in September 2013, the design for the monument still needs to be approved. On Thursday evening, the NCC is holding a public meeting to “provide an opportunity for the public to engage with the Board members to discuss NCC's projects.”
“I sincerely hope this wasn't something that was done to rush through this project,” said Dewar.
Barry Padolsky, an Ottawa architect who has campaigned against the monument's location, said the vote on decontamination of the site was a surprise to him.
“It's all very mysterious,” Padolsky said. “It would seem that it is being pursued as a first step in order to implement the project on that site.”
With files from Anaïs Voski and Joanne Chianello.
Electronics firm joins Apple and Microsoft on growing list of companies to raise prices in the UK following the EU referendum
Home sound system manufacturer Sonos has become the latest technology company to announce significant price rises for British customers following the Brexit vote.
Some of the company's products are increasing in price by up to 25%, as a result of the collapse in sterling since the EU referendum last June. The price rises were announced on Monday, but will not be put in place until Thursday 23 February.
“We pay for everything we make in US dollars,” the California-domiciled Sonos said in a statement. “Over recent months, there has been a significant change on the US dollar to GBP exchange rate. As a result, our existing pricing has become unsustainable and, like many other companies, we have to increase prices for all products priced in GBP.”
Marmite maker: it was right to increase prices after Brexit vote Read more
The company's key products, the Play:1, 3 and 5 speakers, will go up in price by about 15% from £169, £259 and £429 respectively to £199, £299 and £499. Its more specialist Connect line, which allows listeners to use Sonos technology to broadcast digital music through their pre-existing speaker setup, is seeing the full 25% rise, from £279 for to Connect and £399 for to Connect:Amp to £349 and £499 respectively.
Sonos joins a growing list of technology companies that have announced significant price increases since the Brexit vote. Apple was one of the first to move, with prices rising by about one-fifth last October. That same month, Microsoft increased its cloud-hosted service pricing by up to 22%. In January, Apple moved again, increasing app prices by 25%. Companies that charge customers in dollars, such as Amazon Web Services, have also passed on sterling's collapse to consumers.
Carson, CA – The LA Galaxy trailed by a goal twice during the game but they somehow found a way to come back – in stoppage time – against the Houston Dynamo on Saturday night for a 2-2 draw. And if it wasn't for a stellar performance from Galaxy playmaker Romain Alessandrini, the night could have been another home disaster for a team that hasn't exactly impressed their fans at StubHub Center.
For the Galaxy, they somehow crafted a starting lineup that covered every position. Surprising only because the team was missing eight players for a multitude of reasons – Jelle Van Damme (Suspension), Giovani dos Santos (INTL Duty), Sebastian Lletget (injured), Jermaine Jones (injured), Bradley Diallo (injured), Brian Rowe (injured), Baggio Husidic (injured), Daniel Steres (injured) – and only dressed 17 players of a maximum of 18 (something I can't remember them ever doing). There were no defenders on the bench when the game started.
“There's no two ways about it, we had a depleted team tonight.” Galaxy Head Coach Curt Onalfo mentioned after the game. “We weren't even able to field 18 players, we fielded 17. So we were definitely depleted, we certainly had some youth on the field.”
The Dynamo opened the scoring in the 22nd-minute when Demarcus Beasley launched a shot from about 30 yards out toward Galaxy goalkeeper Clement Diop. Diop did well to save the dipping and extremely hard hit shot, but his rebound pushed the ball back up the middle and into the path of Houston's Mauro Manotas. Manotas easily struck the ball into the net to put the visitors up early.
The Galaxy has allowed the first goal in nine of 14 games and has a record of 2-5-2 in those games. Chasing the game is nothing new, but it should be seen as a disturbing trend that can't continue to be tested.
Alessandrini wasn't to be deterred, however. Despite the Galaxy getting very little positive play from the midfield pairing of Rafa Garcia and João Pedro, and almost nothing from Gyasi Zardes – who was positioned out on the right wing instead of up top for this game – they did find some room going forward thanks to a hustle play between Emmanuel Boateng and Alessandrini in the 35th-minute.
The ball was quickly played to Alessandrini's feet who drew three Dynamo defenders before turning and finding Boateng up the left side. Alessandrini had his back to the goal and Boateng almost the entire play but was still able to spring the speedy left winger toward the goal. Boateng ran right at Dynamo goalkeeper Tyler Deric with AJ DeLaGarza giving chase. But just before he reached the top of the box, Boateng rounded Deric and slotted home before the Dynamo defenders, giving chase, could cut the angle.
“When [Romain] had the ball he had his back turned to me.” Boateng told reporters after the game. “I didn't think he saw me. I just kept yelling and hoping he would hit it on time and he just put it right where I needed it.”
The goal was a testament to the two hardest working players on the field on the night. But it was also indicative of a team that was better on the counter attack than with possession in their own stadium. It was also the only attacking chance the Galaxy created in the opening 45-minutes.
It was also the first goal for Boateng against a team not named Real Salt Lake.
Jack McInerney who started for the Galaxy up top, was not a good option for the offense and both he and Zardes did little to relieve pressure off of the backline. They simply couldn't hold enough possession.
“It's like a win. We have to win now at home because it's the most important with the fans. We've done good on the road, but we have to take points at home. Everybody gave everything on the field and that was very good for us.” Romain Alessandrini, LA Galaxy Midfielder
Nathan Smith, playing at right back because of an injury to Bradley Diallo (Hamstring), was under constant attack and Zardes, playing in front of him, did little to slow down the Dynamo pressure.
But with a halftime score of 1-1 and a game that was desperately lacking any type of passing quality from either side, it almost looked like a draw was inevitable.
The Galaxy subbed in Jose Villarreal in the 60th-minute for a totally ineffective McInerney. Villarreal would find himself on the wrong end of possession as he carelessly ceded the ball to the Dynamo and watched them quickly counter. The Dynamo's Alberth Elis was faster than any Galaxy player and put the ball past Diop to put the visitors ahead once again.
The Galaxy would hit the crossbar in the 85th-minute thanks to a header from substitute Ariel Lassiter but looked like they had given the Dynamo their first road win of the season (0-6-2).
Finally, in the fourth minute of six minutes of additional time, after a ball that had bounced around inside the box, Bradford Jamieson hit a low cross from the right side toward a streaking Villarreal. The ball skidded past Villarreal and onto the boot of, who else but, Alessandrini. Alessandrini buried it into the back of the net for the draw. But the play wasn't without controversy.
Alessandrini, on the replay, looked to have been offside by at least a head and probably a torso when Jamieson played the ball in. The assistant referee and the center official had a quick chat – more than likely discussing whether or not Villareal had touched the ball on the way through – and then allowed the goal.
When asked about his positioning and whether or not he thought he was offside, Alessandrini answered honestly. “I don't know. Maybe? But we don't care.”
For the Galaxy, Alessandrini has been involved in most of the Galaxy's offense this season. He leads the team in goals and assists (both with 6) and has drawn at least one PK and caused the own goal game-winner against Minnesota. Paired with the speedy Boateng, both players have done everything that has been asked of them this season and more.
And they'll need “more” when it comes to a ridiculously busy schedule that sees the Galaxy playing 10 games in the span of 38 days (two of those games have been played already). The club will travel to Colorado to face the Rapids on Wednesday and then back home to face Sporting Kansas City a week from today.
The hardest work isn't even close to being done, but both Alessandrini and Boateng will be key to any success they find.
SCORING SUMMARY:
HOU – Mauro Manotas 22'
LA – Emmanuel Boateng 35' (Assisted by Romain Alessandrini)
HOU – Alberth Elis 74' (Assisted by Boniek Garcia)
LA – Romain Alessandrini 90'+4' (Assisted by Bradford Jamieson IV, Jose Villarreal)
HIGHLIGHTS:
Comments
comments
The Egyptian ankh cross…in Mexico? That's right. The ruins of a mysterious Aztec temple bears a strange and striking resemblance to Egypt's ankh cross. This Aztec ankh temple is perfectly aligned with an Egyptian-like stone pyramid at the same archaeological site. Scholars doubt any Aztec connection to the Egyptians, since both cultures evolved on opposite sides of the Atlantic Ocean, and were never in contact. Yet, strangely, the meaning of this Aztec ankh seems suspiciously parallel to the meaning behind Egypt's ankh cross.
Pyramid aligned with an Egyptian-style ankh cross temple, Calixtlahuaca, Mexico.
The Aztecs and the Egyptians were parallel civilizations in many ways, despite having evolved on opposite sides of the Atlantic Ocean. Both cultures built pyramids, both used solar symbolism, and both believed in life after death, preparing their dead for a journey to the afterlife via an elaborate and highly-ritualistic ceremony.
Both cultures also used a very similar “tau” cross symbol―for the very same purpose: To signify the forces and interplay between physical life (which they saw as temporary, material) and spiritual life (which they saw as eternal, spiritual).
In Egypt, this cross was called “ankh,” which was formed by a “tau” cross (looks like the letter “T”) with a loop on top of it:
Egypt's ankh cross is a tau symbol with a loop on top.
In Mexico, the Aztecs and Mayas used the same exact “tau” cross, only with no loop:
Tau-shaped icons built by the Mayans, forerunner of the Aztecs.
“The Tau cross was common enough in Egyptian symbolism that it has sometimes also been called the Egyptian cross…The Spanish conquistadors found the cross to be well known as a symbol by the Incas and Aztecs…” ― Geoffrey W. Bromiley, International Standard Bible Encyclopedia: A-D
“The Egyptian Tau―the sign of life―also occurs on Central American monuments…” ―Robert S. Littell, The Living Age
Usually the Aztecs did not put a loop above their tau cross. However, there exists in ruins a cruciform-shaped building located at an archaeological site called Calixtlahuaca in present-day Mexico. This Aztec ankh cruciform building is stunningly similar, in both shape and design, to countless ankh crosses depicted by the Egyptians.
Mysterious ankh-shaped cruciform building, built by the Aztecs at Calixtlahuaca in Mexico.
Can it be proven that both the Egyptians and Aztecs use this same cross symbol to convey the same spiritual beliefs?
The Ankh was, for the ancient Egyptians, the symbol (the actual hieroglyphic sign) of life. But not the “life” that we think of when we use the word “life”; it was symbolic of another kind of life, namely the spiritual life of the soul that most of us do not recognize in our day-to-day existence.
The ankh cross is sometimes called the “key of life.”
“There is one basic mistake Egyptologists are making when it comes to Egyptian civilization: They believe the Egyptians were “preoccupied” with death. Egyptologists repeat this over and over again like a mantra. They're wrong— the complete opposite is true. The Egyptians were profoundly focused on “life,” which they took to be the “spiritual” being within them, the part that never dies. Here's the difference (and this is important): The Egyptians were convinced—like so many of us are—that when a person passed away, something that formerly animated that person's body was now missing or had fled. They believed much more strongly than we do that this non-material Self, the “soul within” or “god within,” was the “vital force” and the source of consciousness. They saw this soul as their real Selves, the real “Life” eternal, which they symbolized with the ankh cross, today found everywhere among the ruins. Unlike the Egyptians, modern Westerners are far more attached to the material world and physical body. We identify with our bodies, cars, homes, and careers. To the Egyptians, we are the ones preoccupied with death, and overly concerned with our own perishable material selves. We identify not with the soul, but with the transitory vehicle it temporarily inhabits. Although in Egypt life itself was seen as a manifestation of the divine, and therefore something that could be enjoyed and should be celebrated, identifying solely with the body as we moderns do transforms the body into a tomb and the world into a prison. By constantly nurturing the soul, they were “practicing” for life after death, one might say. When death came, therefore, nothing vital was considered lost. Today, if death comes to a man with a mansion, a fleet of cars, and a large company or hedge fund—all is lost.”
―Richard Cassaro, Written In Stone: Decoding The Secret Masonic Religion Hidden In Gothic Cathedrals And World Architecture
The Aztecs believed in precisely this same “life” as the Egyptians. For the Aztecs (as for many of us) a person's death was not the end of their existence; instead it was the end merely of the physical life of that person. There was something inside that continued to exist, that lived on after death:
“The Aztecs believed that people lived on when their life on Earth was over. The kind of afterlife they had depended on the way they had lived in this life….When someone died, their family dressed them in their best clothes. The family danced and chanted funeral prayers…Then the Aztec's body was buried…with the Aztec's possessions and enough food for the long journey to the underworld…” ―Dr. Elizabeth Baquedano, The Aztecs: Understanding People In The Past
“In the Aztec religion there was the belief in a life after death…In relation to this belief the Aztecs show an ethical ideal to attain, evidenced in their struggle of good against evil. In this case the mission of the Aztecs was to be on the side of the sun, the symbol of good, opposing the fearful gods of darkness, the symbols of evil.”
― Dinorah B. Méndez, Evangelicals in Mexico: Their Hymnody and Its Theology
Whereas the Egyptians used the ankh cross (formed in part by the tau) to express this concept of “life” beyond death, the Aztecs did as well. The Aztec tau cross was identical to the Egyptian:
Aztec tau cross, also called the Tree of Life, housed in the Anthropology
Museum in Mexico City. This image recurs in Prehispanic codices.
“In the Aztec world, the tau cross is the Tree of Life…” ―Gary Varner, Mysteries of Native American Myth and Religion
“…the cross…was a sacred symbol in practically every religion…Among the Aztecs of ancient Mexico…it was known as the Tree of Life.” ― Jean Delaire, Mystery Teaching in the West, 1935
As a symbol of the Tree of Life, the Aztec tau cross (like the Egyptian tau) symbolized the concept of “life” and “life after death”―the same “life after death” the Egyptians symbolized using the ankh cross.
It should be noted that the Aztecs were not the only pre-Columbian American culture to use the Tau; the T-shaped doorway or window appears as a common architectural motif in stone masonry across Mesoamerica. It is found, for instance, at Chaco Canyon in northern New Mexico and Mesa Verde in southwestern Colorado.
Steps leading through a T-shaped doorway down into
Casa Rinconada, the Great Kiva at Chaco Canyon, N.M.
In his classic book Atlantis: the Antediluvian World, Ignatius Donnelly says the tau was an important icon signifying “hidden wisdom” for Mexicans as well as for Peruvians, Egyptians, Phoenicians, and Chaldeans. Donnelly says it was emblematic of rejuvenation, freedom from physical suffering, hope, immortality, and divine unity.
The mystic Manly P. Hall held a similar view:
“Augustus Le Plongeon, in his Sacred Mysteries Among the Mayas and Quiches, notes that the Crux Ansata, which he calls The Key to the Nile and the Symbol of Symbols, either in its complete form or as a simple TAU, was to be seen adorning the breasts of statues and bas-reliefs at Palenque, Copan, and throughout Central America. He notes that it was always associated with water; that among the Babylonians it was the emblem of the water gods; among the Scandinavians, of heaven and immortality; and among the Mayas, of rejuvenation and freedom from physical suffering.” ―Manly Hall, The Secret Teachings of All Ages
Getting back to the tau being a direct link that connects the Egyptians with the Aztecs, we can see in the following parallel artwork how both cultures, the Egyptians and Aztecs, created similar drawings associated with the tau cross.
Left: Aztec Tree of Life. Right: Egyptian Ankh cross of Life. Both depict tau crosses.
In both images there are twin deities facing inward, toward the cross. The
positions of their arms, hands, feet and legs are almost perfectly parallel!
Note how in both images above there are deities flanking the cross. In both instances the deities are striking symmetrical poses, facing the cross. Also, in both instances, the deities seem to be making the same precise bodily gestures. We see this in the positions of the hands, arms, legs, feet and heads.
In one of the Qabbalistic Masonic legends, Hiram Abiff is given a hammer in the form of a TAU by his ancestor, Tubal-cain. The tau cross is preserved to modern Masonry under the symbol of the T square. This appears to be the oldest form of the cross extant.
The tau cross used to build patterns in a window at
the Convent of Saint Anthony near Castrojeriz, Spain.
“The philosophical cross, the two lines running in opposite directions, the horizontal and the perpendicular, the height and breadth, which the geometrizing Deity divides at the intersecting point, and which forms the magical as well as the scientific quaternary, when it is inscribed within the perfect square, is the basis of the occultist. Within its mystical precinct lies the master-key which opens the door of every science, physical as well as spiritual, it symbolizes our human existence, for the circle of life circumscribes the four points of the cross, which represent in succession birth, life, death and IMMORTALITY.” ― H.P. Blavatsky, Isis Unveiled
The Fool, sitting for days beneath the tree of life (which has the shape of a tau cross) intent on finding his spiritual Self, suddenly climbs a branch and dangles upside down like a child, forgetting for a moment, all that he is and all that he knows.
The Hanged Man (XII) is the twelfth trump or Major Arcana card in most
traditional Tarot decks. It is used in game playing as well as in divination.
Money and coins fall down from his pockets, but instead of seeing money he sees merely metal and paper. He feels as though he's hanging between the mundane world and the spiritual world, able to see both. The moment feels surreal; connections he never understood before are made, mysteries are revealed. The biggest mystery of all is the realization that he is not merely the physical body, that part of himself that is physical and temporary. He is composed of a spiritual inner Self, a soul, and that this soul is eternal; it was never born and will never die.
In his book The Pictorial Key to the Tarot, A.E. Waite, the designer of the Rider-Waite tarot deck, described the Hanged Man as the man who suddenly recognizes—or, better, “resurrects”—his higher Self and higher nature, which until then had in a sense been “dead” within him:
“The gallows from which he is suspended forms a Tau cross…There is a nimbus about the head of the seeming martyr. It should be noted (1) that the tree of sacrifice is living wood, with leaves thereon; (2) that the face expresses deep entrancement, not suffering; (3) that the figure, as a whole, suggests life in suspension, but life and not death…He who can understand that the story of his higher nature is imbedded in this symbolism will receive intimations concerning a great awakening that is possible, and will know that after the sacred Mystery of Death there is a glorious Mystery of Resurrection.” ―A.E. Waite, The Pictorial Key to the Tarot
space
In Conclusion
Today, the prevailing anthropological view of antiquity among scholars is that ancient and indigenous peoples worldwide developed their own complex cultures independent of outside influence or inspiration. Any suggestions to the contrary have been generally dismissed as either fanciful, racist, or demeaning. Ancient peoples worldwide, scholars have argued, were fully capable of developing their own civilizations. But, nagging evidence still remains; evidence like the ankh cross and tau cross symbol being found worldwide, and particularly among the Egyptians and pre-Columbian American cultures.
Richard Cassaro's new book, The Missing Link, explores the meaning, transformations and propagation of the ancient world's most important religious icon. His first book, Written in Stone, is a wide-ranging exploration of hitherto-unknown connections among Freemasons, medieval cathedral builders and the creators of important ancient monuments, in support of his theory that a spiritually advanced mother culture, lost to history, is behind many of the world's architectural and artistic traditions.
Prior to the publication of Written in Stone, Cassaro enjoyed a successful career as a U.S. correspondent, professional journalist, and photo researcher for Rizzoli Publications, one of the world's leading media organizations. Cassaro, who is a graduate of Pace University in New York City, has examined first-hand the ancient ruins and mystical traditions of Egypt, Mexico, Greece, Italy, Sicily, France, England, India, Peru and Spain; he has lectured on his theories to great acclaim in the United States, Egypt, Italy, Spain and Peru.
Richard Cassaro © Copyright, All Rights Reserved. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog's author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to www.RichardCassaro.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
Image copyright PA Image caption Michael Gove (left) appointed Sir Michael Wilshaw in January 2012
The chief inspector of schools in England has accused staff at the Department for Education of briefing against his organisation.
Sir Michael Wilshaw spoke after the Times said two right-leaning think tanks were to criticise Ofsted - and one would call for it to be scrapped.
He told the Sunday Times he was "spitting blood" and blamed Michael Gove's department for briefing on it.
A source close to Mr Gove said no-one close had encouraged the attacks.
As long as we exist and have the job of raising standards, we will do the job fairly without fear or favour Sir Michael Wilshaw
The two think tanks both confirmed they were working on reports on Ofsted, but denied their work was being done with encouragement from the Department for Education.
The Times on Friday reported that Policy Exchange - which was set up by the education secretary - and Civitas were preparing to call for a radical overhaul of the Ofsted inspection regime, claiming it was trapped by 1960s "progressive" approaches to learning.
It said Civitas would say Mr Gove's wish for schools to develop their own approaches to teaching was being held back by child-first orthodoxies among inspectors, who were stifling innovation.
Policy Exchange, the paper said, would say the current inspection regime placed disproportionate pressure on teachers, while its judgments were too inconsistent.
Sir Michael told the Sunday Times he suspected the think tanks were being "informed by the Department for Education" - "possibly" Mr Gove's special advisers - and that he was "displeased, shocked and outraged".
Analysis Opponents used to talk about "the Two Michaels", such was the assumed unity of purpose between Sir Michael Wilshaw and Michael Gove. Teachers' unions routinely accused the Ofsted chief of lacking independence from the education secretary. But this row, in the shadows of briefings and think tanks, suggests some of the fault lines. Apart from Sir Michael's hackles being raised by the criticism of Ofsted, he is sending a signal about his intentions not to give any special treatment to academy chains or free school providers. Sir Michael, a former academy head teacher, has said the chains which run groups of academies must be open to scrutiny by Ofsted, in the way that local authority services can be inspected. This Ofsted boss has turned around tough schools. He's been there, done it - and in his case, not so much got the T-shirt as got the crisp suit and tie. And no one would doubt his single-mindedness or willingness to challenge vested interests if he believes it will raise school standards.
"I am spitting blood over this and I want it to stop," he said.
Asked whether he wanted Mr Gove to call off the "attack dogs", the newspaper reported, he replied: "Absolutely."
He added: "It does nothing for [Michael Gove's] drive or our drive to raise standards in schools.
"I was never intimidated as a head teacher and I do not intend to be intimidated as a chief inspector."
'Another think coming'
Sir Michael, who inspects children's services as well as schools in England, was appointed by the coalition and he and Mr Gove have been thought of as allies.
Sir Michael has also drawn criticism from teachers' unions in the past , and defended his organisation, saying it had done "more to raise standards in 21 years of existence than any other organisation".
He also said that in parts of the country no-one was effectively monitoring free schools and academies, the newspaper reported.
"If I see things going wrong in an academy chain I will say so," he said.
"If people tied to the free-school movement think I will not do that, they have another think coming."
Image copyright PA Image caption Ofsted is being accused of being stuck with a 1960s mindset over teaching
"As long as we exist and have the job of raising standards, we will do the job fairly without fear or favour."
Sir Michael also expressed his concern at right-wing critics of the education system who, he said, wanted "children to be lectured for six hours a day in serried ranks".
Such rote learning, he said, was not enough to produce successful learners in the 21st Century.
A source close to Mr Gove told the BBC it definitely was not the case that the education secretary or anyone near to him had encouraged the attacks.
But shadow education secretary Tristram Hunt accused Mr Gove of "playing politics".
"Michael Gove should not seek to discredit Ofsted because Ofsted has given negative judgements to under-performing free schools," he said.
"Michael Wilshaw is right that there is a complete lack of local oversight of free schools to prevent the sort of failure Ofsted has identified."
'Misguided notions'
Civitas director David Green said: "The idea that Michael Gove is in any way directing our criticism of Ofsted is well wide of the mark.
"We have had serious misgivings about Ofsted for many years, driven by the testimony of teachers and their concern for school standards.
"The fact is, whatever Sir Michael Wilshaw's intentions, we know schools that would like to innovate are scared to do so because of the misguided notions of many Ofsted inspectors. It would not be in Michael Gove's power to 'call off' our criticism whether he wanted to or not."
A spokeswoman for the Policy Exchange confirmed that it too was working on a report on Ofsted, but said: "We haven't been told to do that and if we were we wouldn't."
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The business model of microinverter and power optimizer suppliers is set to shift from standalone units to integrated systems, such as Smart and AC modules, according to new analysis released today by IHS Markit (Nasdaq: INFO), a world leader in critical information, analytics and solutions.
The annual IHS Technology PV Microinverter and Power Optimizer Report examines market size, pricing and vendor market share. It forecasts revenue for Smart and AC modules will jump from under $100 million in 2015 to almost $500 million by 2020.
“Suppliers are shifting their business model from selling stand-alone products to selling an off-the-shelf integrated model,” said Cormac Gilligan, research manager at IHS Technology. “This will help them capture new emerging markets, improve sales channel efficiencies and lower customer costs.
Microinverters and power optimizers will increasingly be installed in the factory in the form of AC and Smart Modules, the IHS Technology report said.
“Purchasing one unit is more attractive for customers than purchasing multiple parts and installing them one by one, and the market is adapting to that demand,” Gilligan said.
Global trends and adoption drivers
The United States is the top market for microinverters and power optimizers, but Asian and European markets such as China, Japan, Australia, Germany, France and the Netherlands are forecast to experience strong demand over the next five years.
The market for Smart and AC modules will grow from less than 200 MW in 2015 to over 4 GW in 2020 as integrated products become favored in the global market, IHS Technology predicts.
“Growth will be driven by cost efficiencies gained from manufacturing through to the installation, and by sales channels shifting to module suppliers, which will develop more high-volume buyers,” Gilligan said. “While this trend is predicted to be more certain for microinverter suppliers because of the strong cost benefit and the current need to lower prices, the shift in the power optimizer market will be dampened by leading Chinese suppliers looking to enter the market with low-cost non-integrated solutions in 2017.”
Smart Technology – New diversification opportunities
The growth of the smart home technology market may provide an opportunity for Module Level Power Electronic (MLPE) suppliers to enter new markets and extend their partnership networks, according to the IHS Technology report.
“Policies and standards will be a significant driver of MLPE adoption and associated module integrated solutions over the next five years, particularly in the United States,” said Camron Barati, solar analyst at IHS Technology. “The 2017 update to the United States National Electric Code will standardize safety requirement applications in state markets. This will ultimately incentivize the use of microinverters and power optimizers for rooftop applications. Technology giants such as Apple, Google, Amazon, Huawei, AT&T and Comcast also provide solutions for the smart home market and, therefore, opportunities for MLPE suppliers to engage with wider audiences.”
About IHS Technology PV Microinverters and Power Optimizers Report - 2016
To learn more visit https://technology.ihs.com/584848/pv-microinverters-power-optimizers-report-2016 For further information about this product, please contact Ben.Cross@ihsmarkit.com
This is the eighth edition of the highly regarded IHS Technology report on microinverters and power optimizers. It was researched over six months and provides the only detailed and reliable assessment of the global market. The report has been compiled using the company's extensive knowledge and experience in the PV and power electronics industries.
####
About IHS Markit (www.ihsmarkit.com)
IHS Markit (Nasdaq: INFO) is a world leader in critical information, analytics and solutions for the major industries and markets that drive economies worldwide. The company delivers next-generation information, analytics and solutions to customers in business, finance and government, improving their operational efficiency and providing deep insights that lead to well-informed, confident decisions. IHS Markit has more than 50,000 key business and government customers, including 85 percent of the Fortune Global 500 and the world's leading financial institutions. Headquartered in London, IHS Markit is committed to sustainable, profitable growth.
IHS Markit is a registered trademark of IHS Markit Ltd. All other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners © 2016 IHS Markit Ltd. All rights reserved.
Skip to comments.
German Streets Descend into Lawlessness
Gatestone Institute ^ | 31/10/16 | Soeren Kern
Posted on by Eleutheria5
..... Local police in many parts of the country admit that they are stretched to the limit and are unable to maintain law and order.
"Drug trafficking takes place right before our eyes. If we intervene, we are threatened, spat on, insulted. Sometimes someone whips out a knife. They are always the same people. They are ruthless, fearless and have no problems with robbing even the elderly."  Private security guard.
According to Freddi Lohse of the German Police Union in Hamburg, many migrant offenders view the leniency of the German justice system as a green light to continue delinquent behavior. "They are used to tougher consequences in their home countries," he said. "They have no respect for us."
"It cannot be that offenders continue to fill the police files, hurt us physically, insult us, whatever, and there are no consequences. Many cases are closed or offenders are released on probation or whatever. Yes, what is happening in the courts today is a joke."  Tania Kambouri, German police officer.
The rape of a ten-year-old girl in Leipzig, the largest city in Saxony, has drawn renewed attention to the spiraling levels of violent crime perpetrated by migrants in cities and towns across Germany  and the lengths to which German officials and the media go to censor information about the perpetrators of those crimes.
The girl was riding her bicycle to school at seven o'clock in the morning on October 27 when a man ambushed her, threw her to the ground and raped her. The suspect is described as being in his mid-thirties with short brown hair and a stubble beard.
Leipzig police have explicitly refused to say whether the suspect is a migrant, ....
.....
(Excerpt) Read more at gatestoneinstitute.org ...
TOPICS:
Crime/Corruption
Extended News
Germany
War on Terror
KEYWORDS:
control
islamicrape
islamicrapeignored
lawlessness
merkeling
migrants
rapefugees
I'm glad that Nazism is still discredited, but it's a pity that that's turned Germany into a hunting ground for predators. How much longer will Nazism remain discredited, when the very thing that could revive it goes on daily?
To: Eleutheria5
...Merkel should take in a few million more...
by 2 posted onby Doogle (( USAF.68-73..8th TFW Ubon Thailand..never store a threat you should have eliminated)))
To: Eleutheria5
That's what can happen when a once civilized country lets a million (plus) medieval savages in.
To: Eleutheria5
There has been and unfortunate resurgence of ‘Nazism' in Germany. Always been a few nuts around. But this recent rise seems to be based on the failure of Merkel to deal with this muslim invasion and attendant rise in violence.
by 4 posted onby donozark (It is true after all. Hillary Clinton really IS the Fouke Monster)
To: Doogle
... If we intervene, we are threatened, spat on, insulted. Sometimes someone whips out a knife.... Don't German police know what the use of force is in law enforcement anymore? They took the force out of enforcement.
by 5 posted onby Sasparilla (Hillary for Prison 2016)
To: Gay State Conservative
Yesterday, that stupid Rick Steves was still on PBS hawking his ‘Europe by the Back Door' videos.... And all the graphics in his program show Europe and European sites AS IF nothing is changed. No trash ... no rubbish piled up....no vandalism.... no people camping out in the squares...etc. I'd LOVE to know just how much all this is costing European countries that have been used to millions from US and other travelers.
by 6 posted onby SMARTY ("What is freedom? To have the will to be responsible for one's self. "M. Stirner)
To: Doogle
...Merkel should take in a few million more... She plans to.
by 7 posted onby Mark17 (20 Yrs, USAF ATCer, RET. 25 yrs CDCR CO, RET.)
To: Sasparilla
I suspect the EU has a say in how “immigrants” are dealt with when it comes to enforcement.
by 8 posted onby Doogle (( USAF.68-73..8th TFW Ubon Thailand..never store a threat you should have eliminated)))
To: donozark
Yeah. Pains of reunification brought a few out of the woodwork, too. But this is threatening to turn into a full-blown revival, just in reaction to Merkel's fecklessness.
by 9 posted onby Eleutheria5 (ÂIf you are not prepared to use force to defend civilization, then be prepared to accept barbarism.)
To: Sasparilla
German police know when to use force, Ist Verboten!. They know just as a parent knows when a child needs a spanking. Gubment forbids their so doing!
by 10 posted onby GladesGuru (Islam Delenda Est. Because of what Islam is - and because of what Muslims do.)
To: Eleutheria5
Deliberate.
by 11 posted onby dasboot (GOV POLICY: From each according to our needs; to each according to our needs.)
To: Eleutheria5
Nazism thankfully is. Unfortunately people now have the manual for how to do it, and how to avoid being taken down this time. Thanks, Merkel...
To: Eleutheria5
.. they are ruthless, fearless and have no problems with robbing .. .. never forget that, at core, militant islam is basically banditry. Charles Martel won the Battle of Tours because he ordered a diversionary attack on the jihadis' baggage train. The thought of losing the gold crosses they'd looted from cathedrals, and the Christian slave girls they'd taken from villages, caused them to desert the battlefield to save their booty.
To: Mark17
Good...it'll serve as an example
by 14 posted onby Doogle (( USAF.68-73..8th TFW Ubon Thailand..never store a threat you should have eliminated)))
To: VanDeKoik
Sure. Just omit the short guy with the mustache, the hooked cross symbol, and find some other charismatic speaker, and you're in business.
by 15 posted onby Eleutheria5 (ÂIf you are not prepared to use force to defend civilization, then be prepared to accept barbarism.)
To: Eleutheria5
So long as there are a grievances to motivate them, that is. It'll also work in France and England.
by 16 posted onby Eleutheria5 (ÂIf you are not prepared to use force to defend civilization, then be prepared to accept barbarism.)
To: Eleutheria5
My nephew was in Germany for training. He works for BMW. He and his family came home early
by 17 posted onby bert ((K.E.; N.P.; GOPc;WASP .... Hilary is an Ameriphobe)
To: Byron_the_Aussie
Charles Martel won the Battle of Tours because he ordered a diversionary attack on the jihadis' baggage train. The thought of losing the gold crosses they'd looted from cathedrals, and the Christian slave girls they'd taken from villages, caused them to desert the battlefield to save their booty. Good to know, the question is how can we use that today?
by 18 posted onby palmer (turn into nonpaper w no identifying heading and send nonsecure)
To: Eleutheria5
Looks like they still have a little work to do. For some reason, the new one is a bit more pretentious.
Looks like they still have a little work to do. For some reason, the new one is a bit more pretentious.
To: palmer
The ol' carrot and stick. Make life in Europe untenable for them, while simultaneously offering big cash payments to go home.
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
Two Monsanto executives returned their lavish bonuses, amounting to nearly $4 million, after the agribusiness giant agreed to pay federal regulators $80 million as part of a settlement over accounting violations.
Monsanto agreed with the Securities Exchange Commission on Tuesday to pay the sum, settling claims that the company had insufficient accounting controls to track millions of dollars in rebates it offered to retailers and distributors of Roundup, one of Monsanto's most profitable products. The rebate campaign was a response to fierce competition from generic version of the herbicide.
Read more
The promotion paid off, giving Monsanto a boost in revenue in from 2009 to 2011. However, the St. Louis-based company did not recognize the associated costs that came along with rebates, leading to misstated profits over a three-year period.
“As a result of the improper accounting, Monsanto met consensus earnings-per-share analyst estimates for fiscal year 2009,” according to the SEC filing on the case.
What is strange about the settlement is that Monsanto's top executives have voluntarily agreed to give their generous bonuses back to the company. Longtime CEO Hugh Grant – no relation to the famous actor – agreed to return $3,165,852 in cash bonuses as well as stock awards to Monsanto, and former chief financial officer Carl Casale will give back $728,843.
Neither man was ever accused of any wrongdoing by the SEC, which makes their decision to return the bonuses not just strange, but unheard of. Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the SEC does have the power to go after executive bonuses, but this is unlikely to happen unless the executives are being accused of misconduct, according to The Washington Post.
Some Monsanto bosses were actually forced to give up money as part of the settlement. Three accounting and sales executives will pay penalties totaling $185,000, with the accountants agreeing to be temporarily suspended from SEC practice.
In a statement, Monsanto said that it saved up the entirety of the $80 million for the penalty in fiscal year 2015. Unsurprisingly, the company did not admit wrongdoing as part of the settlement.
“The company is pleased to put this matter behind it and remains focused on building value for its shareowners,” the company said in a statement.
READ MORE: Monsanto, US, & Gates Foundation pressure Kenya to reverse GMO ban
The settlement is part of the SEC's push to focus on corporate accounting abuses since Mary Jo White took over as chairman of the agency in 2013. Investigations into accounting fraud have more than doubled since, going from 53 in 2013 to 114 through September 2015, according to The New York Times.
“Corporations must be truthful in their earnings releases to investors and have sufficient internal accounting controls in place to prevent misleading statements,” White said on Tuesday.
Getty Images
Panthers receiver Steve Smith announced today that he will give $100,000 to the city of Aurora, Colorado, which will distribute it to victims of last week's theater shooting to offset their medical expenses.
“As a father and husband I cannot imagine the pain and suffering the victims are going through,” Smith said in a statement distributed by his agent. “My family's hearts and prayers are extended to theirs, and I hope this contribution might assist in paying some of the medical bills that will help allow these families to move forward in this tragic circumstance.”
In a country where the medical cost of treating gunshot wounds is estimated at more than $2 billion annually, the sad fact is that a $100,000 donation is a rounding error. But for the 58 people who were wounded in the shooting spree in Aurora, Smith's donation will make a significant difference.
“Hopefully this helps a little bit,” Smith said. “From one NFL city to another, God bless.”
Smith can let his temper get the better of him, and as a result he isn't always perceived as one of the NFL's nice guys, but this donation is one of the finest things any NFL player could do.
Raiders running back Mike Goodson went down in practice a week ago with a neck injury. The injury appeared as if it could be quite serious as he was hauled off to the hospital in an ambulance from practice. Tests came back negative for any major damage but his neck was extremely sore and it had him out of practices all week as well as the Raiders preseason opener.
The day after the game, coach Dennis Allen said he expected Goodson to return to practice this week. He did indeed take the practice field with full participation. Goodson himself has now said he will be playing in the Raiders second preseason game in Arizona this Friday.
Having Goodson back on the field will be important. The team was very thin at running back while he was out of the lineup. Taiwan Jones is still out with a hamstring injury, although in practice on Wednesday, he was running some vigorous workouts which would indicate he could be back to practice very soon.
In the preseason opener without Goodson and Jones, Lonyae Miller carried the bulk of the load. Darren McFadden played the first series and was sat down.
Goodson was acquired in trade this offseason with the Carolina Panthers in exchange for reserve offensive lineman, Bruce Campbell. The third year back has looked quite good in camp and the team is excited to see what he can do in a game. They will have that chance this Friday.
Advertisement
In recent weeks, the Internet has been up in arms about the proposed SOPA/PIPA The 4 Biggest Tech Disappointments of 2011 The 4 Biggest Tech Disappointments of 2011 Last year was a successful year for a number of companies. Apple successfully launched a new iPad and iPhone, both of which sold like hot cakes. Google launched Google+, a social network we're all glad... Read More legislation. Many people see these measures as incredibly powerful and therefore dangerous to businesses and individuals online. While most people will agree it's worth protecting the income of artists, history shows that the entertainment industry is somewhat overzealous with their accusations of copyright infringement. So the thought of giving these companies more power without ensuring adequate checks are in place to ensure they don't abuse their power is chilling.
The entertainment industry giants already have too much power. They have used copyright infringement accusations to destroy the livelihoods and businesses of both innocent and guilty parties, yet instead of minimising the damage to innocent parties many governments are indulging the entertainment industry and affording them even more power. Why would they do this? Well, because the entertainment giants are powerful government lobbyists. Why is it a problem? Well, let's see what they do with their current powers, shall we?
Blanket Copyright Infringement Accusations
Recently, a few YouTube videos I uploaded were marked as infringing somebody's copyright. These were private videos of kids singing traditional Christmas carols and were obviously caught in an automatic blanket accusation against anyone daring to upload something with the same name as something one of their artists performed. I can appeal, however YouTube strongly suggests that people don't do that as their account will be penalised if the appeal fails (what, my Gmail/Google Docs/Google Calendar account?). It's a pretty strong incentive to let these guys get away with their blanket copyright accusations.
I know YouTube is doing its best to compensate artists and avoid litigation, but I feel the industry is abusing that power and will continue to do so since they're financially compensated for it. Note, this happens in offline royalty collection too. Essentially, it's a scam or a form of copyright trolling. Sometimes they seem to be claiming copyright infringements simply in order to be a nuisance (and they think they're untouchable).
Turning ISPs & Content Hosts Into Copyright Cops
In the entertainment industry's ideal world, every business in the chain of content creation and delivery would be protecting the entertainment industry's interests and be liable themselves if they didn't comply. This is not a feasible demand, since any attempt at complying would mean these businesses would need to impose blanket measures such as YouTube's and inconvenience many of their non-infringing customers in the process.
It would also never be 100% effective, leaving the content hosts and ISPs falling foul of their supposed responsibilities. And who is to say the entertainment industry's rights are more important than those of the content hosts, ISPs and law-abiding customers of those services?
However, regardless of whether laws enforcing further copyright protection come into effect, the entertainment industry already exerts pressure on content hosts and providers via litigation.
Limiting Purchases Regionally & Rights Of Consumers With DRM
Entertainment providers routinely impose regional purchasing restrictions and DRM (Digital Rights Management) controls on products in an attempt to protect their own interests, even if it renders that product unusable or un-purchasable for the customer. Computer games, digital music and videos are all frequently affected by DRM (including DVD region encoding), while many digital downloads are simply unavailable to consumers due to their location Is Adobe Actively Encouraging International Software Piracy? [Opinion] Is Adobe Actively Encouraging International Software Piracy? [Opinion] Does Adobe have an intentionally discriminatory international pricing policy? It certainly seems so because if you are outside of the US, you will often have to pay much more for the same exact bits and... Read More .
Customers expect that once an item has been purchased it should be possible to use that item in everyday, fair-use situations. However, this is often not the case and it causes great consumer frustration. Gamers are unable to play certain games unless they're online, while iTunes movies downloaded to laptops are not able to be played using a larger monitor. Some people begin to wonder why they bother paying for things they can't use. Libraries are finding it tough to lend digital books legally.
Changing The Laws
Persistent lobbying from the entertainment industry giants has resulted in criminalisation of digital downloading of copyrighted material What Is the Digital Media Copyright Act? What Is the Digital Media Copyright Act? Read More (and prosecuting people for offences despite knowing how easy it is for the wrong person to be seen as infringing), copyright extensions (preventing works reaching the public domain and becoming available for adaptations into new art) and strong-arming other governments, thereby imposing strict copyright laws in other countries.
Recently, the US has also taken to extraditing people who are believed to have committed no crime in their own country in the name of copyright protection for the entertainment industry.
What About The Little Guys?
Sadly, independent artists are rarely and poorly compensated via large representative bodies. Nor is proposed legislation likely to gain them any real advantage to protect their own material. Quite frankly, most countries haven't developed a workable copyright protection model to protect the rights of the little guys. France, for instance, taxes writable media like CDs and DVDs, yet the proceeds just go to the big names of the entertainment industry. In the end, individual artists still need to look out for themselves and develop better business models for the digital age.
Conclusion
The entertainment industry giants have a lot of power and they routinely seek more in order to protect their own interests. They also have no qualms in blocking other people's interests on the off-chance their own were compromised. I don't want to give them any more power. Do you? Let us know what you think in the comments.
Image Credit: ShutterStock, ShutterStock, tom-b
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Oct. 2, 2013, 12:56 PM GMT By JoNel Aleccia
When a neurosurgery patient died from a rare and fatal brain disorder at a New Hampshire hospital this summer, it sent a ripple of panic across the region, particularly for 15 people warned that they may have been exposed to Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease through contaminated hospital surgical equipment. Everyone wondered who might spread this dire bug, and who might be at risk.
But families of others who have suffered — and died — from the little-known but invariably deadly disease say that reaction is only the beginning of the fear, discrimination and rejection that CJD patients face.
Jerry Bailey, 64, lies in a Utah hospital in August, surrounded by his daughters, Amanda Bailey, Raelynn Miller, Nichole Bailey and Stephanie Rathbone. The Boise, Idaho, man died five weeks later of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, a rare and fatal brain disorder. His body was rejected by four funeral homes and a crematorium out of fear of infection, family members said. Courtesy Karen Bailey
Across the country, funeral homes and crematoriums are routinely refusing to accept the bodies of CJD patients out of fear of infection, despite health guidelines that say that — with standard precautions — embalming and burial is perfectly safe.
“It happens a lot,” said Robert Kassai, a New Jersey funeral director who also sits on the board of the CJD Foundation, an advocacy group. “There are many, many instances where families call me saying they've been turned away.”
Some families report that their loved ones who died from CJD were removed from the hospital, placed in double body bags and taken directly to a crematorium with no warning. Others tell NBC News that funeral workers forced pallbearers to wear medical gloves and told mourners to stand far back from the gravesite and to disperse quickly after the ceremony.
“The funeral issue is the bane of our existence, basically,” said Florence Kranitz, president of the CJD Foundation. “They get people at their most vulnerable, when they've been hit by the freight train of this disease.”
CJD is very rare — with about one death per million people worldwide each year. But Kassai estimates that dozens of the estimated 300 people in the U.S. who annually die from the degenerative brain disease are rejected by the people in charge of final disposition.
That was the case for Amanda Bailey of Ogden, Utah, whose 64-year-old father, Jerry Bailey, died Sept. 18, just four months after exhibiting the first signs of CJD. Typical symptoms include memory and cognitive problems, vision problems and, later, trouble walking and speaking.
After his devastating decline, Jerry Bailey's remains were rejected by four Salt Lake City funeral homes and a crematorium, she said.
“They wouldn't even cremate him because they worried that the spores would become airborne,” said Bailey, 27. “They apologized and said they were sorry, but they didn't want to risk the health and the safety of the people there.”
Never mind that CJD is caused not by spores but by prions, virus-like proteins that manage to transform other proteins into disease-causing shapes. Like most patients, Jerry Bailey had sporadic CJD, which occurs spontaneously, with no known cause or cure. It's not the variant form of the disease that causes a human form of “mad cow disease,” associated with eating beef.
And never mind that infectious disease experts say that the prions, though hard to kill, don't spread easily and not through the air or through ordinary skin contact. It takes injection, transplantation or even consumption of the tainted tissue to cause infection.
“'There's no known actual risk. Morticians are in no more danger at all than anyone else,” said Dr. Richard T. Johnson, a CJD expert and a neurology professor at Johns Hopkins Medicine, in Baltimore, Md.
In the case of the New Hampshire hospital patient who died of CJD, the problem arose because there was no evidence he had the disease when he underwent brain surgery last spring. It was only when the man died in August after showing signs of CJD that officials at Catholic Medical Center in Manchester realized that they'd used the same surgical tools to operate on eight other patients — and sent them to hospitals in Massachusetts and Connecticut, where seven other people were potentially infected. Standard sterilization wouldn't have killed the prion, leaving 15 patients open to potential infection.
Funeral industry officials say their reluctance is warranted because of CJD's rarity and because most small, family-run funeral homes are not equipped with incinerators and autoclaves to kill an organism that is 100 percent fatal and can't be eradicated by typical sterilization techniques.
“CJD may be one of the rare conditions where a funeral home might refer a family to a better-equipped firm,” said Jessica Koth, a spokeswoman for the National Funeral Directors Association. She said she was not aware of recent cases of funeral homes turning away CJD patients.
The problem with that position, Kassai said, is that it gives funeral homes arbitrary permission to refuse CJD patients and to send families elsewhere. That can be a problem, especially in rural areas, where the next funeral home might be 70 miles away, he said.
And it contributes to discrimination reminiscent of start of the AIDS epidemic 30 years ago, when many funeral directors refused HIV-infected patients out of fear. Today, funeral homes routinely handle patients with all kinds of infectious diseases — including HIV and hepatitis C.
“I tell funeral directors that I fear hepatitis C more than CJD,” Kassai said.
On a web page for funeral directors, CDC officials stress that the disease is no different than any other contagious agent. Standard infection control precautions and attention to detail can “both serve families and protect the health of the public,” the agency says.
But that doesn't seem to sway some providers, said Dr. Pierluigi Gambetti, director of the National Prion Disease Pathology Surveillance Center, which tracks CJD cases in the U.S.
“Fear is actually propagated much more than prions,” he said. “It's much more infectious.”
In the case of Amanda Bailey and her late father, the family finally had to turn to a crematorium that would accept her dad's body, even though his Latter-Day Saints religion prefers earth burial. There was no chance for another daughter, a cosmetologist, to trim her dad's hair, as they'd planned. There was no chance for his 10 grandchildren to view his body and offer a final farewell.
“Not only did we have to deal with the quick passing of my father, we then had to deal with not being able to have his remains properly cared for after his passing,” she said.
That distresses Kassai, whose wife, Marie Kassai, an infection control nurse, lost her mother to CJD in 1991. The pair travels widely, offering educational seminars to funeral directors about CJD.
“You're dealing with the emotions of a grieving family,” Kassai said. “The point I'm making is that you are not offering the families the opportunity to say goodbye.”
JoNel Aleccia is a senior health reporter with NBC News. Reach her on Twitter at @JoNel_Aleccia or send her an email.
Related stories:
An out-of-control vehicle barreled onto a sidewalk in Brooklyn Monday afternoon, knocking down a small boy as he was walking and hurting another adult, according to authorities and surveillance video from the scene. Gus Rosendale reports. (Published Monday, June 1, 2015)
UPDATE: WATCH: 3-Year-Old Boy's Incredible Recovery After Horrifying NYC Sidewalk Crash; "Thank God He's Fine"
An out-of-control vehicle barreled onto a sidewalk in Brooklyn Monday afternoon, knocking down a small boy as he was walking and hurting another adult, according to authorities and surveillance video from the scene.
The FDNY said emergency responders were called to a building on Seventh Avenue in Sunset Park at around 2 p.m., where a car ran onto the sidewalk and partially into the building.
It's not clear what caused the crash. Surveillance video shows the vehicle going up onto the sidewalk, first hitting some sort of small tree or plant that knocks over a small boy who's walking, then running over both the tree and the boy.
Car Smashes onto Sidewalk in Brooklyn, Hitting Boy
An out-of-control vehicle crashed into a busy sidewalk in Sunset Park, Brooklyn, Monday afternoon, hurting an adult and a child. WARNING: This surveillance video showing the car hitting a child may be shocking to some. (Published Monday, June 1, 2015)
Crowds quickly gather around the car as they await emergency responders. At one point, they attempt to lift the car but are unsuccessful.
After firefighters and EMS arrive, they manage to retrieve the boy from underneath the vehicle, and he's seen being carried away in a stretcher, the video shows.
"I didn't see obvious injuries," said one witness who didn't want to be shown on camera. "He didn't appear to be in distress. I had someone call 911."
"Everything happened so fast," the bystander continued. "My main concern was getting to the child."
The FDNY said the adult driver and the child were taken to Lutheran Hospital in serious but stable condition. They're both expected to make full recoveries.
The driver has not been charged so far.
The ability to ‘eat bitterness' – or endure suffering – is regarded as a virtue in China. That's good news, because the way China's financial system is rigged means household savers have a lot of suffering to endure.
The cost of living for China's households is rising at a faster rate than the interest they receive on their bank deposits. That means households – who are avid savers – are losing money on every yuan they have in the bank.
Working out exactly how much they are losing requires a little math:
At the end of 2010, China's households had 30.8 trillion yuan in deposits and 11.3 trillion yuan in loans
That means households were net depositors to the tune of 19.5 trillion yuan, or roughly $2.98 trillion
The real interest rate (the nominal interest rate minus the level of the consumer price index) on 1-year deposits ended 2010 at -1.85% and averaged -0.97% over the course of the year
A back of the envelope calculation, multiplying net deposits by the real interest rate, puts household depositors roughly 190 billion yuan, or $28.9 billion, in the red
That is only a rough calculation because households hold their funds in different types of deposits which carry different nominal interest rates. Demand deposits pay virtually no interest, so the 12.4 trillion yuan households hold in this type of account is hemorrhaging value at an even faster rate. Time deposits held for longer than a year pay a higher rate of interest, so households prepared to lock up their cash for 5-years were still in the money.
But it is an accurate enough figure to give a sense of how much China's households are suffering thanks to iniquitous interest rates. To give a sense of the magnitude of the cost to households, in 2010 the central government raised 290 billion yuan from personal income tax. The implicit tax from negative real interest rates effectively means households were actually paying 65% more in 2010 than their tax statements said they were.
This state of affairs is not new, and neither is it likely to change anytime soon. Real interest rates for the last 10 years have been negative as often as they have been positive. The government's target for the CPI this year is 4%, but many economists expect rising wages, rising oil prices and still ample liquidity to push it past that level. China's central bank is expected to raise the benchmark 1-year deposit rate at most by a further half a percentage point from the current 3% level.
If the government hits its target for the CPI, and the Central Bank makes the expected .5 percentage point increase in the deposit interest rate, that will leave household depositors 0.5% in the red. If the government misses its target on the CPI – as it did last year – households will be suffering even larger losses.
Who wins from household's losses? The first part of the answer is the government and the corporate sector – which are both significant net borrowers. According to a recent article in Chinese business magazine Century Weekly, local government investment entities have now racked up more than 10 trillion yuan in borrowing. China's corporates, which are the main beneficiaries of bank lending, have negative net deposits to the tune of 6.2 trillion yuan. For borrowers in the government and corporate sector, low real interest rates means capital stays cheap.
The second part of the answer is the banks. A deposit interest rate capped at a low level means the banks can maintain an artificially wide spread between deposit and lending interest rates. That spread – currently 3.06% on 1-year deposits and loans – is the main source of banks' profitability.
The benefits government, business and banks receive is also a reason for pessimism about whether real interest rates will rise into positive territory anytime soon. The infrastructure projects and public works in which local governments are invested will not show a profit in the immediate future and in many cases will require fresh injections of capital before they do. Raising interest rates increases the risk that these projects will founder – with result in either an increase in local government debt or more bad loans on the banks' balance sheets.
China's state-owned enterprises, addicted to cheap capital to fund their investment spending, are also hardly likely to welcome higher real interest rates. And the giants that dominate the resources, real estate and transport sectors are more likely to have the ear of the decision makers on the interest rate than hard pressed households. The banking sector is dealing with the consequences of questionable loans pushed out the door as part of the 2009-10 stimulus. Rate hikes so far have raised the deposit rate faster than the lending rate, eroding the banks' net interest margin. Further moves in that direction will run into stiff opposition.
The continued transfer of wealth from the household sector to the industrial sector will do little to support the rebalancing of the economy the government says it wants to achieve. Less money for households and more money for industry will do little to raise China's meager level of consumption but much to support already excessive investment. That doesn't seem to be a big concern for China's policymakers. At a press conference during the National People's Congress, People's Bank of China Governor Zhou Xiaochuan said that positive real interest rates were desirable, but the Central Bank also had to take account of other objectives. Over the medium term, real interest rates would be positive, but in the short term that would not necessarily be the case.
In other words, China's savers will have to eat bitterness for a while longer.
--Tom Orlik
Have all you Dungeon and Dragon players heard of Orc Pub? It allows you to easily and freely create a DND character.
It informs you about each race, here you can see I'm remaking my Aasimar from a new game.
It can calculate all of your abilities for you if that's something you have trouble with. I certainly have a hard time. Or if you're super awesome and can do it by yourself there is a manual way to do it!
Basically it just helps you go step by step figure out what feats you might want, what alignment you might want, what comes items (weapons, armor, and gold etc) come with your character's background and class.
Did I mention its FREE?
Right now there is a kickstarter to help make a mobile app, but right now I can easily transfer this info onto my character sheet!
This coming Saturday, June 27, the Abortion Drone will make its first flight from Frankfurt (Oder) in Germany to Słubice in Poland, delivering at-home abortion pills. Most countries within the European Union allow a pregnancy to be terminated within the first trimester (about 12 weeks), except Ireland, Poland, and Malta.
The drone flight is being organised by Women on Waves, a Dutch non-profit, along with activist groups in Germany and Poland. Abortion is illegal in Poland, except in extreme cases. At-home abortion pills (in this case mifepristone and misoprostol) are freely available in most of Europe, including Germany, but not in Poland.
Słubice is literally just a few yards away from Frankfurt (Oder); they are separated by the river Oder, which also happens to be the Germany-Poland border. The drone (a quadcopter) will be loaded up with some at-home abortion pills and then land somewhere in Słubice (the exact location will be announced on Friday). The purpose of the stunt, according to Women on Waves, is to hopefully get Poland (and presumably Ireland and Malta) to change their stance on abortion.
Women on Waves says that, because the drone will stay within sight of the pilot, and it does not fly through controlled airspace, no authorisation is required by either the German or Polish authorities. The legality of flying unapproved drugs into a foreign country seems somewhat questionable, however.
Women on Waves has previously used boats to pick women up from Poland and offer abortions while in international waters.
Generally speaking, PC game mods are free. Steam, however, just added an option to let creators charge for them. This is pretty huge.
Valve made the announcement with Skyrim is the first game that will support the ability to charge for player-made modifications via TF2 or DOTA 2 , this setup allows mod makers to make their own store listings and set their own prices, sans Valve's immediate oversight. Valve explained: Valve made the announcement with a new Steam page, adding thatSkyrimis the first game that will support the ability to charge for player-made modifications via Steam Workshop . Unlike in games likeTF2orDOTA 2, this setup allows mod makers to make their own store listings and set their own prices, sans Valve's immediate oversight. Valve explained:
“Steam now offers new functionality in the Steam Workshop, allowing community mod makers the opportunity to earn money doing what they love. With this update, community-made Workshop content such as mods, items, or maps can now be made available for sale directly via the Steam Workshop for titles that have enabled this feature.” “Workshop is now putting mod authors in business via a new streamlined process for listing, selling and managing their creations. Creators contributing to the Steam Workshop have the choice of listing their new creations for sale at a price of their choosing, or to continue to make their work available to players for free. Mods purchased from the Steam Workshop are available immediately for play.”
If you're worried, however, that mom ‘n' pop mod shops might not be as universally reliable as games or creations that have gotten Valve's seal of approval, fear not: there's a If you're worried, however, that mom ‘n' pop mod shops might not be as universally reliable as games or creations that have gotten Valve's seal of approval, fear not: there's a 24-hour refund policy . If a mod's broken or doesn't work as promised, you can get your money back so long as you click a mod's “get refund” button within that brief window of time.
Given the amount of work some mod makers put into their characters, levels, and stunning 100-story recreations of Gabe Newell's menacing grin, it makes sense that they should be able to get a little cash for their efforts. Valve's been pushing user-created content pretty hard over the past few years, and some people are already able to support themselves off that alone, receiving money from Valve for items in games like TF2 , Counter-Strike , and DOTA 2 . To date, Valve has paid out over $57 million to creators.
This, however, marks the first time that Steam Workshop creators will be able to directly set their own prices. If all goes according to plan, this will allow even more people to support themselves—at least, in part—off making additions to pre-existing games. As per usual, however, Valve's system is pretty open-ended, so I wouldn't be surprised to see people take advantage of it—maybe post outrageous prices, or try to sell somebody else's content, or do something that verges on copyright infringement—in the early goings.
It will also be interesting to see how this market shakes out. What, for instance, will become the standard price for, say, a weapon pack versus an entire quest line or expansion? It's a bold new frontier, or at least a potentially interesting one. Now I don't mean to be rude, but I really should be going. I have a horse armor market to corner, and I need to figure out how to turn My Little Pony into My Little Pony, if you know what I mean. (I mean creatively renaming everything and declaring all eerie similarities entirely coincidental.)
Top image courtesy of Jimo's Lamda Locator mod .
You're reading You're reading Steamed , Kotaku's page dedicated to all things in and around Valve's stupidly popular PC gaming service. Games, culture, community creations, criticism, guides, videos—everything. If you've found anything cool/awful on Steam, send us an email to let us know.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cyber vandals have bombed an area of Denmark on part of online gaming sensation Minecraft.
Hackers caused the damage after smuggling virtual dynamite into the area in mining carts - and then raised US flags.
A digital recreation of the country had been provided by the Danish government earlier this month to help educate children and to make school lessons more fun.
According to the BBC, US flags were raised in the area leading into Denmark as well as red, white and blue "America" signs.
Chris Hammeken, chief press officer at the Danish Geodata Agency, said: "Only a minor area was destroyed. The flags actually appeared right where the players start, so I think the people who put them there wanted to gain as much attention as possible.
"Minecraft is about building and rebuilding. It was the players who cleaned up the damage, replacing it with green grass and flowers the following morning."
Minecraft is an online building game and last year their 'pocket edition' app was named as the top-selling app of the year among children in the UK.
The model of Denmark has been downloaded 220,000 times since it was launched at the start of May.
The damage has now been fixed.
A committee reviewing Pittsburgh-owned facilities has recommended the sale of South Side's landmark Oliver Bath House along with the renovation, relocation, demolition, merger or sale of 30 other facilities.
The list includes police, fire and paramedic stations, recreation facilities and senior centers that have deteriorated or are no longer practical to maintain at current locations, according to Sam Ashbaugh, Pittsburgh's chief financial officer. It was based on a report completed earlier this year by Massaro Construction Management Services that estimated the city would need $60 million to repair rundown buildings. Mayor Bill Peduto's office in 2015 commissioned Massaro for $1 million to assess city facilities.
Source: Pittsburgh Facilities Review Committee
A final decision regarding the buildings will be months in the making, Ashbaugh said Tuesday while briefing City Council, but the committee's report caught several members by surprise.
“Selling Oliver Bath House is not what I was expecting to hear,” said Councilwoman Deb Gross of Highland Park. “It's a terrible idea.”
Gross and Councilwoman Darlene Harris of Spring Hill said they believed Massaro would assess all city buildings when they voted on the contract in 2015. The company looked at about 240 of the city's more than 400 buildings, according to Peter McDevitt, a senior asset management analyst.
“I think there were some not-so-public decisions about which buildings got assessed,” Gross said. “We really weren't looking for them to liquidate community treasures.”
Ashbaugh said he and others met individually with each council member about the contract and report. The city previously estimated that Massaro would assess 150 to 300 buildings.
Committee recommendations include the relocation of police stations in the Hill District, Squirrel Hill and on Washington Boulevard, renovation of Warrington Recreation Center in Beltzhoover, demolition and rebuilding of the Robert E. Williams recreation center in the Hill and merging a senior center in Hazelwood with one in nearby Glen Hazel. The committee did not recommend new locations for police stations.
The potential sale of Oliver Bath House, an indoor swimming facility on 10th Street, raised the most hackles.
Council President Bruce Kraus, who represents South Side, said council would be forced to “make difficult decisions” about facilities while debating exorbitant repair costs. He noted that engineers estimate it would cost about $2 million to keep the facility in operating condition.
“I'm not ready to go fire sale right now, and I don't believe we'd have support of the members,” he said, adding that such landmark buildings have staunch community support and enhance the “fabric of neighborhoods.”
Ashbaugh said the committee would continue to reassess the list and discuss it with council and residents in host communities before making a final decision.
“This is one step in a series of steps that we've gone through, which there are many more,” he said. “Council needs time to digest this. The community needs time to digest this. Nothing has been decided.”
Bob Bauder is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach him at 412-765-2312, bbauder@tribweb.com or via Twitter @bobbauder.
Bob Bauder is a Tribune-Review staff reporter. You can contact Bob at 412-765-2312, bbauder@tribweb.com or via Twitter .
A girl kicked out of prom for wearing a suit is getting the chance of a lifetime.
The story of Pennsylvania high school student Aniya Wolf went viral last month when ABC's WHTM-TV reported the teen was ejected from her prom for wearing a suit instead of a traditional dress.
“I was always more masculine. You wouldn't catch me playing with any Barbie dolls, I'll tell you that right now,” Wolf told the station.
Wolf was notified shortly before the dance that her choice of clothing would not be permitted, but with the suit already purchased, she decided to attend anyway – and was subsequently asked to leave.
When Rob McElhenney, creator and star of FXX's hit show, Its Always Sunny in Philadelphia, caught wind of the story, he reached out to Wolf on Twitter, asking her to appear on his show (in the suit, natch!).
“Aniya, I love your suit. Would u like to wear it on Sunny?” McElhenney wrote.
Aniya, I love your suit. Would u like to wear it on Sunny? https://t.co/jn01iLrZVe via abc27News — Rob McElhenney (@RMcElhenney) May 12, 2016
Wolf responded in disbelief, but McElhenney was completely serious!
@abc27News I am not. We'll be in Philly the last week of June. We need a little extra style and class. Can you help us? — Rob McElhenney (@RMcElhenney) May 12, 2016
yes!!! I would love to help you! — Aniya Wolf🏳️‍🌈 (@AniyaWolf) May 12, 2016
And yes, it's happening.
“I liked the suit! I thought the suit was classy,” McElhenney told ET. “I feel like we need a little more class on the show, so we offered to have her come on the show and wear the suit.”
ET got the update while on set of Always Sunny last week. The cast will film with Wolf in Philadelphia at the end of June.
“We go to Philly in a couple weeks and we're going to meet her there, and we're really excited,” said Kaitlin Olson, “and I'm excited to see her suit!”
“Instead of just the kids in the school being able to see the suit, I'd like the whole nation to get to see it,” added McElhenney.
“We embrace everybody,” said Danny DeVito. “Doesn't matter if you're wearing a tuxedo, jockey shorts, underwear, you don't wear underwear... What's the big deal? We're people!”
In recent months, the American military officials in Afghanistan who are urging attacks in Pakistan discussed a list of potential targets with the United States ambassador in Pakistan, Anne W. Patterson, officials said.
The requests by the American commanders for attacks on targets in Pakistan were described by officials who had been briefed on the discussions but who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the discussions involved possible future operations.
The discussions are the latest example of a recurring problem for the White House: that the place where the terrorist threat is most acute is the place where American forces are most restricted from acting.
Officials involved in the debate said that the question of attacking Pakistani militants was especially delicate because some militant leaders were believed to still be on the payroll of Pakistan's intelligence service, called the Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate, or another part of Pakistan's intelligence apparatus. Among the groups thought to be targets was one commanded by Sirajuddin Haqqani, son of the legendary militant leader Jalaluddin Haqqani, as well as the network led by Baitullah Mehsud that is believed to have been behind Ms. Bhutto's death.
For years the intelligence services have relied on a web of sources among Pakistani militant groups to collect information on foreign groups like Al Qaeda that have operated in the tribal areas.
A Pentagon adviser said military intelligence officers in Afghanistan had drawn up the detailed list of potential targets that was discussed with Ambassador Patterson. It is unclear which senior officials in Washington were involved in the debate over whether to authorize attacks.
One administration official said the internal discussions in Washington involved President Bush's top national security aides, and took place earlier this year.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Military and intelligence officials say Al Qaeda and its affiliates now have a haven to plan attacks, just as they used camps in Afghanistan before the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. Gen. Michael V. Hayden, the C.I.A. director, said last month that the security situation along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border “presents clear and present danger to Afghanistan, to Pakistan and to the West in general, and to the United States in particular.”
Photo
American officials involved in the discussions said that they had not ruled out striking Pakistani militants in the tribal areas. American forces in Afghanistan are authorized to attack targets in Pakistan in self-defense or if they are in “hot pursuit” of militants fleeing back to havens across the border.
American-led forces in Afghanistan fired artillery at what they suspected was a Haqqani network safe house on March 12 that an American spokesman said posed an “imminent threat.” But the Pakistani Army said the strike killed only civilians.
Administration officials say the risk of angering the new government in Pakistan and stirring increased anti-American sentiment in the tribal areas outweighs the benefits of dismantling militant networks in the region.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“It's certainly something we want to get to, but not yet,” said one Bush administration official. “If you do it now, you can expect to do it without Pakistani approval, and you can expect to do it only once because the Pakistanis will never help us again.”
Spokesmen for the White House and State Department declined to comment, as did a spokeswoman for Ambassador Patterson in Pakistan.
Intelligence officials say they believe that leaders of the Pakistani Taliban and other militant groups have in recent months forged closer ties to the cadre of Qaeda leaders in the tribal areas. Officials have said that they thought the leader of the Taliban there, Jalaluddin Haqqani, may have died last year. But Mr. Haqqani recently released a video denying those reports and made reference to a military attack in eastern Afghanistan that happened this March. Mr. Haqqani's son, Sirajuddin, has also made aggressive efforts to recruit foreign fighters from the Persian Gulf and elsewhere in Central Asia.
“The relationship between the Taliban and Al Qaeda, and Al Qaeda and other groups such as the Haqqani network, are stronger today than they were, and they're primarily based on the Pakistani side of the border,” said Seth Jones, an analyst with the RAND Corporation, in Congressional testimony this month after his trip to Afghanistan.
The Haqqanis are suspected of organizing a suicide attack on March 3 that killed two American soldiers at an Afghan government office. Sirajuddin Haqqani is also suspected of orchestrating a suicide bomb attack in January at the Serena Hotel in Kabul that killed six people.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The discussions over how to combat Al Qaeda and Pakistani militant networks in the tribal areas have been going on for nearly two years, as American policymakers have weighed the growing militant threat in the border area against unilateral American action that could politically weaken President Pervez Musharraf, a close ally in the global counterterrorism campaign.
A few weeks after Ms. Bhutto's assassination in December, two senior American intelligence officials reached a quiet understanding with Mr. Musharraf to intensify secret strikes against suspected terrorists by Predator aircraft launched in Pakistan.
American officials have expressed alarm that the leaders of Pakistan's new coalition government, Asif Ali Zardari of the Pakistan Peoples Party and Nawaz Sharif of the Pakistan Muslim League (N), are negotiating with militants believed to be responsible for an increasing number of suicide attacks against the security forces and political figures.
The new government has signaled that in its relations with Washington, it wants to take a path more independent than the one followed by the previous government and to use military force in the tribal areas only as a last resort.
In Congressional testimony this month, a former top American commander in Afghanistan said the need for more action was urgent. “A senior member of the administration needs to go to Pakistan and take the intelligence we have on Al Qaeda, the Taliban, the Haqqani network inside of Pakistan and lay it out for their most senior leadership,” said the retired commander, Lt. Gen. David W. Barno.
He said the American envoy should “show them exactly what we know about, what they don't know about what's going on in their tribal areas and say, this is not a tolerable situation for you nor for us.”
“And,” he added, “we need to sit down and think through what we can collectively do about this.”
Russia faces new sanctions if pro-Kremlin militants hold own local elections 2 4.09.2015, 12:51
2,967
The EU and the U.S. may impose new sanctions against Russia, if the self-proclaimed DPR and LPR refuse to hold local elections according to the Ukrainian legislation – on October 25.
The Kommersant newspaper reports it citing sources in Western diplomatic circles.
If the so-called DPR and LPR do not reach compromise with Kyiv on the issue of the date of the local elections, the West will certainly accuse them of disrupting the Minsk accords and the put the blame on the Kremlin, according to the Kommersant sources.
One source noted: "The separatists claim that the Ukrainian authorities did not discuss with them the conditions of the local elections, but it is not so." According to the Western diplomat, the militants "have not shown willingness to compromise, calling the election dates different from the rest of Ukraine; they do not demonstrate willingness to organize elections in accordance with the Ukrainian legislation."
Another source of the publication noted that if the militants hold elections in the occupied part of Donbas apart from the all-Ukrainian elections and they “do not comply with Ukrainian law and are not monitored by international observers, this will be a serious - and defiant - blow to the Minsk agreements. In fact, This will be the final ‘nail in the coffin' of the peace agreements." The source stressed that "no one in Europe and the United States believes that Russia cannot influence the separatists to turn from this dangerous path."
The third source in the western diplomatic circles assured that imposing sanctions "is not an end in itself for the U.S. and the EU." "But if the Minsk agreements are buried in such a rough way, we will have no choice," the diplomat said, while refusing to specify what new sanctions may be imposed against Russia.
In addition, according to sources, the issue of the terms and conditions of the local elections in Donbas will be discussed at the meeting of Normandy Four foreign ministers (Ukraine, Russia, France and Germany) in Minsk this week. This should be also on top agenda of negotiations between the leaders of the Quartet, which could be held in New York in late September during the UN General Assembly session.
The India Football Federation (AIFF) will decide on the fixture list for the 2017-18 I-League season over the next couple of days, with the country's officially-recognised top-division league likely to kick off on November 25.
ESPN understands that matches will be played mostly over the weekends, with kick-offs at 5:30 pm, and none of the 10 teams will play more than one game per week. Second-division champions NEROCA FC of Manipur and direct entrants Gokulam FC from Kerala will be two of three new teams slated to be in action this season, replacing the relegated Mumbai FC and Bengaluru FC, who will be seen in action in the Indian Super League (ISL) this year.
With Pune-based DSK Shivajians also having withdrawn their team from the top division, the tenth team is likely to be the Indian Arrows team of the AIFF, comprising the best players across U-19 and U-17 youth categories.
Most teams ESPN spoke to, however, are unaware of even a tentative fixtures list for the season.
"We were told to be ready to play our first match on the 22nd, but we haven't been given any fixtures yet," said NEROCA general manager Arun Thangjam, whose team play ISL champions ATK in a pre-season friendly in Kolkata on Tuesday.
"We have put together a good team for this season, and we have some good foreigners from countries like Australia [defender Aryn Williams] and Haiti [midfielder Fabian Vorbe]. We played NorthEast United in a pre-season friendly and while we lost, we created a number of chances against them."
Minerva Punjab owner Ranjit Bajaj told ESPN that the AIFF had told him a week back to be "prepare for a start on the 25th" but the club is yet to learn of their matches.
"We can't go to any sponsors and they haven't given us enough time for marketing, kit launches or organising the ticketing process," said Bajaj, whose team will be in action in friendlies against Bengaluru FC on Tuesday and Wednesday.
I-League rules this year allow a maximum of six foreigners to be registered and five to play, with at least two of them required to be from an AFC nation. Bajaj told ESPN he would only register a sixth foreigner if the need arose.
"We have five foreigners, but because we were only playing in the Punjab League, our team hasn't been able to play together. We had a practice match yesterday, where our likely first team played together for the first time for about 30 minutes. Obviously, it would have been good to have had two-three weeks more like the ISL clubs."
The AIFF has also announced that I-League champions Aizawl FC and Federation Cup winners Bengaluru FC are the only two teams that have satisfied both AFC and national licensing criteria for the season, making the former eligible for the AFC Champions League play-off in January, and the latter will enter the AFC Cup for 2018.
"The ISL clubs need not apply for AFC or national license for this year, as they have been given a one-year exemption. From the following season, anybody hoping to compete in domestic or international competition will have to fulfill both national and AFC club licensing criteria," AIFF general secretary Kushal Das told ESPN.
Lori Ewing, The Canadian Press
TORONTO -- Toronto is carrying on an Olympic tradition that had its beginnings in Vancouver, but has been outlawed for the Winter Games in Sochi.
Both Vancouver, in 2010, and London, for the 2012 Summer Olympics, had a Pride House -- a safe space and resource centre for gay athletes, coaches, volunteers and visitors. But Russia denied an application for a Pride House in Sochi, where the anti-gay climate is sure to be one of the stories of the Games.
And so Toronto will host its own Pride House in February, to celebrate the Games and shine a spotlight on Russia's anti-gay laws.
"We hope to use that as an opportunity to raise awareness for LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) peoples human rights in Russia, to celebrate the Russian community, and the LGBT community in Russia in ways that we don't see happening now," said Barbara Besharat, of PrideHouse Toronto.
The 2014 Sochi Olympics may go down as the anti-gay Games, after Russia passed a law in June banning "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relationships to minors." The law sparked calls to protest or boycott the Games.
"We need Pride House," said Konstantin Iablotckii, co-president of the Russian LGBT Sports Federation. "It's already part of the Olympic movement, it's not a political demonstration, it's not a gay parade, it's just a safe peaceful place for celebrating equality in sport. That's all. It's a peaceful event. Why not have it in the Sochi event? The Olympics are all about friendship, unity and peace.
"It's the International Olympic Committee's mandate to protect sport from discrimination. . . which we do have in Russia."
Iablotckii, who was in Toronto to speak at a conference for LGBT sports groups, is part of a Russian coalition that is organizing the Open Games in Moscow in February. The Games, which Iablotckii said will be a platform for "equality in sports, culture and human rights," will run three days after the closing ceremonies, and will feature volleyball, badminton, basketball, ski racing, swimming, table tennis, and tennis, among others.
Iablotckii is hoping Canada supports the event that is being held in response to Russia's homophobic climate.
"We need your inclusion, please Canadians," he said. "You have lots of officials and government persons who are out, and they can make statements of support and be our ambassadors. We need you."
The timing of the Open Games, between the Olympics and Paralympics, was so there would still be media attention focused on Sochi.
"If it would be after (the Paralympics), when mass media attention would be decreased, it would be more probable that things that would be crushed or banned or stopped by the government," Iablotckii said. "At least (between Games) we would be able to press the red button and to spread out over the whole world press releases that we are banned."
Toronto, meanwhile, will also have a Pride House during the 2015 Pan American Games.
"We are working together so that the Pan Am and Parapan American Games in 2015 are the most LGBT inclusive Games in history," said Besharat.
Toronto's Sochi Pride House, she said, will feature Olympic viewing on large-screen TVs, along with activities such as pick-up hockey games. The location is still to be determined.
At this point, the odds that Donald Trump is going to release his tax returns seem quite low. The president is, however, submitting personal financial disclosures for 2016, though you may or may not be surprised to hear that his lawyer didn't think he should be forced to certify whether they were, y'know, legitimate. Per The Associated Press:
Trump's attorneys originally wanted him to submit an updated financial disclosure without certifying the information as true, according to correspondence with the Office of Government Ethics. Attorney Sheri Dillon said she saw no need for Trump to sign his 2016 personal financial disclosure because he is filing voluntarily this year. But O.G.E. director Walter Shaub said his office would only work with Dillon if she agreed to follow the typical process of having Trump make the certification. That is standard practice for the thousands of financial disclosure forms OGE processes each year. The Associated Press obtained the letters under Freedom of Information Act request.
“As we discussed, OGE will provide this assistance on the condition that the president is committed to certifying that the contents of his report are true, complete, and correct,” Shaub wrote in a May 10 letter. “When we met on April 27, 2017, you requested that he be excused from providing this certification.” In her letter to Shaub, Dillon says the president will "sign and file" documents regarding his 2016 financials by mid-June—an indication that she agreed to the O.G.E. requirement that the president certify the information as true to the best of his knowledge.
If you're thinking “wait, what is the point of submitting financial disclosures at all if if he's not going to put the signature he's practiced so many times on the bottom of them, at which point they might as well be creative writing assignments by Don Jr.,” you're not alone. Stand by for the president to tweet that he didn't have to sign the documents but he chose to do so because that's just the kind of American he is, and by the way, this whole thing is a witch hunt and no other president has ever been held to such ridiculous standards.
If you would like to receive the Levin Report in your inbox daily, click here to subscribe.
Don't worry, Steven Mnuchin is on it
Speaking of Donald Trump's financial situation, you may have heard that some people are worried about potential entanglements the president might have with certain entities in Eastern Europe. At the treasury secretary's hearing before the Senate Banking Committee on Thursday, Senator Sherrod Brown asked the Goldman Sachs banker turned hedge-fund manager turned foreclosure mogul to comply with a March request to “release a list of the president's and his family‘s ‘financial entanglements,' to verify that none of those connections could raise possible conflicts with laws tied to terror financing, sanctions, and national security.” (During the hearing, a spokesman for the Treasury Department said in a statement that the agency had responded to Brown‘s request on March 31, though, according to CNN Money, the letter failed to include any details about Trump's business ties). To which Mnuchin essentially responded: check's in the mail.
“We will review internally whether it's appropriate for it to come from us or somewhere else, and we're happy to be responsive to you,” Mnuchin told the senator from Ohio.
Markets will be happy if Trump's trip abroad is slightly better than an all-out disaster
On Friday, the president, along with First Daughter and First Son-in-Law Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner, other West Wing staff and dozens of reporters, embarked on a nine-day trip that includes stops in Saudi Arabia, Israel, Brussels, and at the Vatican. The getaway has many worried and not just because the guy writing Trump's speech on Islam is Stephen Miller, whose previous work includes the administration's travel ban targeting people from seven Muslim-majority countries. Here's how the Times says other countries are prepping their officials:
Certain rules have emerged: Keep it short—no 30-minute monologue for a 30-second attention span. Do not assume he knows the history of the country or its major points of contention. Compliment him on his Electoral College victory. Contrast him favorably with President Barack Obama. Do not get hung up on whatever was said during the campaign. Stay in regular touch. Do not go in with a shopping list but bring some sort of deal he can call a victory.
Still, anything could happen. Some could speak for longer than four minutes and he's abruptly cutting the trip short, gassing up Air Force One and fleeing to Mar-a-Lago that night. So Wall Street is keeping its expectations very, very low. Per CNBC:
After arguably the worst week of his short time in office, President Donald Trump has the opportunity during his global tour next week to calm the political storms. Or, of course, he could simply make things worse. Markets will be watching intently for which Trump boards Air Force One to take a sojourn across the Middle East: The stately leader who delivered a rousing address to Congress on February 28 and instilled hope that his administration would lead by example, or the impetuous man-child who makes rash off-the-handle public lash-outs and debases his enemies on Twitter.
“Obviously the administration has had a pretty horrible couple of weeks. But the market is living on massive hope that there's going to be some sort of tax legislation," said Michael Yoshikami, founder of Destination Wealth Management. "People on Wall Street are starting to give up. So any news cycle where there's not more potential scandal is a net positive.”
Steve Cohen is back, baby!
The legendary hedge-fund manager, whose firm paid $1.8 billion and pleaded guilty to insider trading in 2014, saw seven of its employees convicted of securities fraud (two of the convictions were later overturned), changed its name from SAC Capital to Point72 Asset Management, and agreed to a two-year ban on managing outside money that expires on January 1, 2018, made a surprise appearance at the annual SALT hedge-fund conference in Vegas, where he hadn't been seen since 2011. According to the Dealbook, he was spotted at the Bellagio craps table “wearing a purple glow stick around his neck, a souvenir from the Duran Duran concert he attended earlier in the evening.”
Jon Corzine is back too?
Remember Jon Corzine? For those of you who need a refresher, he's the former Goldman Sachs C.E.O. who was pushed out of the bank in a palace coup by Hank Paulson, served as a U.S. senator for the state of New Jersey, became governor, lost his re-election bid to one Chris Christie, became the C.E.O. of MF Global with the hope of turning it into the next Goldman but instead drove it out of business. For a while, we were worried that there wasn't much left for Corzine to do, professionally-speaking, given the unlikeliness of ever getting a job on Wall Street or in politics again. But last January, he settled with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for $5 million and now, for his next act:
In his first interview since the MF Global meltdown began, Mr. Corzine detailed his plans for a new hedge fund, saying that he will seek to anticipate what often seems unpredictable: how the Trump administration and other world leaders will enact policy and, in turn, move markets. One of his Trump trades, for example, is designed to pay off in the event of a broad decline in the stock market, not unlike what happened Wednesday when shares swooned on Trump-related worries. On the bullish side, he hopes to ride a wave of a corporate-tax overhaul while trading in big tech, banking and industrial companies poised to gain from a policy shift.
“I think I can read between the lines more than a lot of people can on these issues,” he told the Times. “And, you know, I am competitive.”
Elsewhere!
Trump's Business Ties to the Middle East Precede Him (N.Y.T.)
$110 Billion Weapons Sale to Saudis Has Jared Kushner's Personal Touch (N.Y.T.)
The Giddy Messages Citi Traders Sent While Lehman Died (Bloomberg)
How U.S. Settles Sugar Dispute with Mexico Could Signal NAFTA Intent (W.S.J.)
Even Elon Musk thinks Tesla's stock is insanely overvalued (The Hive)
Are You Crazy Enough to Buy a Quadruple-Leveraged E.T.F.? (W.S.J.)
Leon Cooperman pays $4.9 million to settle insider-trading suit (N.Y.P.)
$110 Million Basquiat Sold by Family Who Bought It for $19,000 (Bloomberg)
Carl Icahn's Charity Supports Education—It Also Lent Him $119 Million (W.S.J.)
“He was crazy, a real nut job.” (The Hive)
Adagio Ardan Blackfeather Catherine Celeste Fortress Glaive Joule Kestrel Koshka Krul Ozo Petal Phinn Reim Ringo Rona SAW Skaarf Skye Taka Vox
Adagio was the king of the championship. He came away with Ban Win rate of 82% and was played or banned in every single match. It's no wonder that he ended up at the Adagio was the king of the championship. He came away with Ban Win rate of 82% and was. It's no wonder that he ended up at the top of our most recent tier list
Ardan kept a positive Ban Win rate (58%) and was involved in 79% of matches (as a ban or pick). Him and other supports this patch have demonstrated the dominance of the dominance of the roam position this patch. Ardan kept a positive Ban Win rate (58%) and was involved in 79% of matches (as a ban or pick). Him and other supports this patch have demonstrated the dominance of the dominance of the roam position this patch.
Blackfeather got a healthy amount of play, but more often than not, he found himself on the losing side of matches. Blackfeather got a healthy amount of play, but more often than not, he found himself on the losing side of matches.
Catherine found herself in a very similar position to Ardan in this tournament. The two both did very well for themselves at this event and in this patch in general. Catherine found herself in a very similar position to Ardan in this tournament. The two both did very well for themselves at this event and in this patch in general.
No data for this event. The Starqueen has fallen this patch and it was clearly reflected in the Championships. She saw no play from any of the teams.
Fortress found decent success in the Championship and followed the general trend of extremely dominant roams. Fortress found decent success in the Championship and followed the general trend of extremely dominant roams.
Glaive wasn't absent from the Championships, but he was far from the star of it either. Glaive wasn't absent from the Championships, but he was far from the star of it either.
No data for this event. Joule has been having a tough time in recent patches and was absent from the Championships.
No data for this tournament. Kestrel dominated the meta at her release, but due to some recent nerf she wasn't viable enough to see play at the event.
Koshka tried her best, but with the recent changes to her Twirly Death stacks, she went 0 for 4 at the Championships. Koshka tried her best, but with the recent changes to her Twirly Death stacks, she went 0 for 4 at the Championships.
This undead viking got a rework this patch and found himself getting played and even banned twice. This undead viking got a rework this patch and found himself getting played and even banned twice.
Ozo wasn't seen much in the Championships, but when he was he went 2 for 2. A pretty solid record from a less popular pick. Ozo wasn't seen much in the Championships, but when he was he went 2 for 2. A pretty solid record from a less popular pick.
Petal is finally back into the meta thanks to recent buffs to her minions, as a result she got a pretty solid amount of play in the Championships and managed to just about break even on losses and wins. Petal is finally back into the meta thanks to recent buffs to her minions, as a result she got a pretty solid amount of play in the Championships and managed to just about break even on losses and wins.
Phinn was nearly absent from the Championship and the one time he was there, he may as well have been absent. Phone's lack of mobility is too big of a vulnerability in NA's competitive meta. Phinn was nearly absent from the Championship and the one time he was there, he may as well have been absent. Phone's lack of mobility is too big of a vulnerability in NA's competitive meta.
The grumpy old ice mage managed pretty well for himself walking away from the Championship with a positive win-loss rate (63%). The grumpy old ice mage managed pretty well for himself walking away from the Championship with a positive win-loss rate (63%).
Ringo is dominating the NA competitive meta and he definitely represented at the Championship. 82% Ban Win rate for the 1-armed trick shooter. Ringo is dominating the NA competitive meta and he definitely represented at the Championship. 82% Ban Win rate for the 1-armed trick shooter.
No data for this event. Despite the buff to Rona's fortified health, she still wasn't viable enough to be present at the Championship.
No data for this event. SAW was too slow to make it to the championship on time, or maybe he was too busy pushing lane, answering AMAs, and reviewing the latest update.
This baby dragon was plenty present at the Championship and came away with a roughly equal win loss rate. This baby dragon was plenty present at the Championship and came away with a roughly equal win loss rate.
Baron would be pleased seeing his sweetheart strike fear into her competitor's hearts. He might be slightly less impressed by the fact that she lost a lot more than she actually lost most of the time she was played. Baron would be pleased seeing his sweetheart strike fear into her competitor's hearts. He might be slightly less impressed by the fact that she lost a lot more than she actually lost most of the time she was played.
Taka was barely in the Championship, though he did lose only slightly more than he won. Taka was barely in the Championship, though he did lose only slightly more than he won.
"This is not an easy decision. It is certainly one that is not taken lightly but when confronted with Justice McHugh's report it is the right thing to do."This is an industry across the world that has been shrinking." NSW Premier Mike Baird and Deputy Premier Troy Grant reveal the findings of the Special Commission of Inquiry report on Thursday afternoon. Credit:Peter Rae Earlier, in a media release and Facebook post, Mr Baird said the government planned to close down the industry which directly employs more than 1000 people. The last greyhound meetings will be held on June 30 next year after an "orderly industry shutdown". The report found that between 48,000 and 68,000 greyhounds - or almost half of all greyhounds bred to race - were killed in the past 12 years because they were deemed uncompetitive. "In response to widespread illegal and unconscionable activity, including the slaughtering of tens of thousands of dogs, I can today announce that NSW is putting an end to greyhound racing," Mr Baird announced on his Facebook page.
"One of the issues we have had to wrestle with is the positive impact of the greyhound racing industry. There are over 1000 direct jobs in the industry and nearly 6000 registered owners of greyhounds. Dog racing can be an important part of the social fabric of regional towns. And, of course, having a punt on the dogs over a few beers is good fun for many people. "So, as Mr McHugh asked, do such benefits of the dog racing industry outweigh the shortcomings? Based on this report, the Government believes they do not. Greyhound racing has been banned in many countries and many states of the US and is legal in only eight countries around the world. NSW will be the first state in Australia to ban it." The greyhound industry contributes about $90 million a year to the NSW economy but Mr Baird said: "Sometimes numbers really mean nothing." Concerns by veternarians first brought this issue to light in stories first published in Fairfax Media about an upper house inquiry led by recently deceased Greens MLC John Kaye.
In a touching moment Mr Baird paid tribute to Dr Kaye's leadership on bringing the issue to the agenda. "It wasn't a conspiracy theory. He was right. I didn't pay as much attention as I should." Deputy Premier and Racing Minister Troy Grant said "this is a bloody awful day". Mr Grant said the government had acted quickly to the issue and urged all in NSW to read a "chilling report". "No government wants to close down an industry and there are many many people who have done nothing wrong," Mr Grant said. "They have been let down by their own industry."
Mr Grant said that delay to June 30 would facilitate the re-homing of dogs and a transition package for workers. The sport would continue "under scrutiny" until then. "Don't panic. Government will work with you," Mr Grant said. Mr Grant said the gradual year-long end to the industry and ban on greyhound racing was to forestall a greyhound "genocide". He said the report found up to 20 per cent of trainers engaged in live baiting. The RSPCA has called the measure an historic landmark for animal welfare and called on other states to follow NSW's ban.
It says it will encourage the public to re-home animals used for racing. "They are beautiful animals," a spokesman said. "Many of them may not be suitable for re-homing." The Greens MLC and Animal Welfare spokeswoman Mehreen Faruqi said: "This is absolutely incredible and in many ways unprecedented news. This is a win for animals. "Animal welfare activists have worked tirelessly for this outcome for so many years. I must pay credit to the NSW Government for taking this long overdue step."
The RAC and the Western Australian Council of Social Services has welcomed today's introduction of the Country Age Pension Fuel Card, which is aimed at improving the mobility of about 35,000 elderly Western Australians.
Under the scheme, age pensioners living in regional Western Australia will be eligible for $500 a year to help with their travel costs.
The WA Government's Royalties for Regions program will provide $500 to each eligible applicant towards the cost of fuel and taxi fares for the next four years.
RAC Head of Member Advocacy Matt Brown welcomed the launch of the fuel card and said it was necessary to ensure the mobility of all its members in the country.
"Seniors in the metropolitan area now have access to free public transport and so it's important from an equity perspective that similar support is extended to the regions," he said.
The pro-life advocacy group March for Life Action threatened to score against the entire GOP spending bill Monday unless Hyde amendment protections are added to Obamacare plan cost-share reduction (CSR) bailouts ensuring that taxpayers will not fund abortion.
“Obamacare deviated from the longstanding Hyde amendment principle by funding insurance plans that cover abortion,” Thomas McClusky, Vice President of Government Affairs with March for Life Action, pointed out in a letter to Congress. “Because of that today hundreds of subsidized Obamacare plans currently cover abortion. Reinsurance and CSR payments will increase abortion coverage in healthcare by adding additional funding stream for these abortion-covering plans if they do not include Hyde- life protections.”
The Hyde Amendment is a spending rider that prohibits taxpayer funding of abortions except in cases of rape, incest or life of the mother, recognizing that many taxpayers might have moral objections to their money being used for abortions.
“The reinsurance and CSR effort under discussion also includes appropriating more than $21 billion in new funds over two years to subsidize plans, including those that cover elective abortion on the exchanges for over 1.2 million people,” McClusky added. “If such a bill does not explicitly include the Hyde Amendment protections, cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers will fund plans that cover abortion.”
“In other words, a pro-life Congress will have opened the doors to more taxpayer funding of abortion. March for Life Action is totally opposed to such an effort,” he emphasized. “If these healthcare bailout programs do not include Hyde-life protections, March for Life Action will score against the entire spending bill in our annual scorecard for the First Session of the 115th Congress.”
The pro-life Susan B. Anthony List issued a similar warning last week, saying it would oppose any spending bill that did not include Hyde amendment protections.
“The pro-life Republican Congress promised voters it would repeal and replace pro-abortion Obamacare, not prop it up,” SBA List President Marjorie Dannenfelser said. “SBA List will vigorously oppose any spending bill that includes Obamacare bailout funding that is not protected by the Hyde Amendment. Preventing taxpayer funding of abortion should be a bare minimum requirement for any new Obamacare spending advanced by a Republican Congress.”
A comment about quarrelsome disrespectful women by regular commenter Deti had me thinking how many women err by trying to win every battle, then lose the war.
He says:
All I can tell you is this:
When a man's wife or long term woman disrespects him one too many times, whatever existed before is completely destroyed. Gone. Whatever he felt for her – gone. Whatever he was willing to do for her before, he's no longer willing to do, or capable of doing. Everything. Gone. Leveled. Not one stone left standing on stone.
And he never forgets it. Oh, he can forgive. He can move on. You can even move on together. But the things you said, the things you did, to destroy it all, are never forgotten. Not ever. Some things you say, you cannot unsay. You can't take them back. Some things you do cannot be undone. That history will always be there. Always. It will never ever go away. It will always color the way he sees you. You will be forever different to him.
He can, and probably will, get past it eventually. Your relationship might survive. But whatever it was before will not be again. You will have to reconstruct everything. What is built back will not look like what was before. Many times, it will not look anything like what it was before. And you will have to live with that. Or not.
A man can take a lot of disrespect from a woman. And he can go a long time with it. But when you get to “too much” or “one too many times”, it's done. DONE. OVER. You've knocked it all down, destroyed it all. And whatever was before, will never be again.
Perhaps a little food for thought for womenfolk as they wisely and prudently consider their men.
I have seen this happen in marriages where the woman is constantly nagging, harping, and threatening to leave. Over time the husband just checks out. He may remain married but the love and caring and wanting to do for her is gone. Dead marriage walking.
In other cases I have seen this with a single fatal blow, such as an affair or a particularly nasty fight where things are said in anger that change everything forever.
Its not a good place to be and it is avoidable. Ponder Deti's words well, you don't want to win the battle but lose the war.
Let those with ears hear.
Advertisements
Here is the translation of Pope Francis' address to the Association of Italian Catholic Doctors yesterday.
* * *
I welcome you on the occasion of the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the Association of Italian Catholic Doctors. In particular, I address a cordial greeting to the chaplain, Msgr. Edward Menichelli, to Cardinal Fiorenzo Angelini, who for decades has followed the life of the Association, and to the President, whom I thank for the words with which he introduced this meeting. With gratitude, I greet the Minister of Health, Mrs. Beatrice Lorenzin. And with great affection, I welcome these sick children and their families.
There is no doubt that, in our time, due to scientific and technical advancements, the possibilities for physical healing have significantly increased; and yet, in some respects it seems the ability to “take care” of the person has decreased, especially when he is sick, frail and helpless. In fact, the achievements of science and of medicine can contribute to the improvement of human life to the extent that they are not distanced from the ethical root of these disciplines. For this reason, you Catholic doctors are committed to live your profession as a human and spiritual mission, as a real lay apostolate.
Attention to human life, especially that in the greatest difficulty, that is, to the sick, the elderly, children, deeply involves the mission of the Church. The Church also feels called to participate in the debate that relates to human life, presenting its proposal based on the Gospel. In many places, the quality of life is related primarily to economic means, to “well-being”, to the beauty and enjoyment of the physical, forgetting other more profound dimensions of existence — interpersonal, spiritual and religious. In fact, in the light of faith and right reason, human life is always sacred and always “of quality”. There is no human life that is more sacred than another – every human life is sacred – just as there is no human life qualitatively more significant than another, only by virtue of resources, rights, great social and economic opportunities.
This is what you, Catholic doctors, try to say, first of all with your professionalism. Your work wants to witness by word and by example that human life is always sacred, valuable and inviolable. And as such, it must be loved, defended and cared for. Your professionalism, enriched with the spirit of faith, is one more reason to work with those— even from different religious perspectives or thought—who recognize the dignity of the human person as a criterion for their activities. In fact, if the Hippocratic Oath commits you to always be servants of life, the Gospel pushes you further: to love it no matter what, especially when it is in need of special care and attention. This is what the members of your Association have done over seventy years of fine work. I urge you to continue with humility and trust on this road, striving to pursue your statutory goals of implementing the teaching of the Magisterium of the Church in the field of medical ethics.
The dominant thinking sometimes suggests a “false compassion”, that which believes that it is: helpful to women to promote abortion; an act of dignity to obtain euthanasia; a scientific breakthrough to “produce” a child and to consider it to be a right rather than a gift to welcome; or to use human lives as guinea pigs presumably to save others. Instead, the compassion of the Gospel is that which accompanies in times of need, that is, the compassion of the Good Samaritan, who “sees”, “has compassion”, approaches and provides concrete help (cf. Lk 10:33). Your mission as doctors puts you in daily contact with many forms of suffering. I encourage you to take them on as “Good Samaritans”, caring in a special way for the elderly, the infirm and the disabled. Fidelity to the Gospel of life and respect for life as a gift from God sometimes require choices that are courageous and go against the current, which in particular circumstances, may become points of conscientious objection. And this fidelity entails many social consequences. We are living in a time of experimentation with life. But a bad experiment. Making children rather than accepting them as a gift, as I said. Playing with life. Be careful, because this is a sin against the Creator: against God the Creator, who created things this way. When so many times in my life as a priest I have heard objections: “But tell me, why the Church is opposed to abortion, for example? Is it a religious problem?” No, no. It is not a religious problem. “Is it a philosophical problem?” No, it is not a philosophical problem. It's a scientific problem, because there is a human life there, and it is not lawful to take out a human life to solve a problem. “But no, modern thought…” But, listen, in ancient thought and modern thought, the word “kill” means the same thing. The same evaluation applies to euthanasia: we all know that with so many old people, in this culture of waste, there is this hidden euthanasia. But there is also the other. And this is to say to God, “No, I will accomplish the end of life, as I will.” A sin against God the Creator! Think hard about this.
I hope the seventy years of your association will stimulate a further process of growth and maturation. May you work constructively with all the people and institutions who share your love of life and seek to serve it in its dignity, sanctity and inviolability. St. Camillus de Lellis, in suggesting the most effective method in caring for the sick, would simply say: “Put more heart into those hands.” Put more heart in these hands! This is also my hope. May the Blessed Virgin Mary, Salus infirmorum, support the intentions with which you intend to continue your action. I ask you to please pray for me and I give you my heartfelt blessing.
[Translation by Vatican Radio
Trainers,
As you probably already caught in the news, we are currently at Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) in San Jose, California to reveal how we are working on enhancing Pokémon GO's augmented reality features even more with Apple's new ARKit for developers being released with iOS 11 this fall.
Utilizing this exciting advance in AR, we are working to create new, fun and innovative ways to place Pokémon in the world around you, to view Pokémon, and to use your phone camera to capture the moment. The digital world will overlay the real world in more detailed and accurate ways and you will be able to interact with Pokémon in a more immersive and life-like fashion. For a sneak peek into how these advances may be applied to Pokémon GO in the future, see the screenshots below to get an early look into what's currently possible in the Pokémon GO ARKit tech demo.
In addition to this week's announcements with Apple, we have a lot to celebrate these days, as we are also planning for an epic summer in the northern hemisphere, which we'll be sharing more details on shortly.
We can't wait to tell you more about the new AR features and to share an even more engaging Pokémon GO experience soon!
AR Playground mode. Screenshot captured using the Pokémon GO ARKit tech demo. Apple WWDC, June 2017. Improved AR Encounter mode. Screenshot captured using the Pokémon GO ARKit tech demo. Apple WWDC, June 2017.
—The Niantic team
The Ideal
You wake up full of ideas about new features and capabilities that can theoretically be added to the product you are working on. Several of these new features generalize existing functionality and get rid of corner cases that have been getting consistently flagged as bugs by users. The features and their underpinnings have been incubating for a while now and you've been working on sketches, mock-ups, and prototype code over the last few weekends. You've been taking real time out of your weekends to push the boundary on an existing product that will in your mind pay huge dividends. The pay off is not in terms of money or economic metrics. It is about making the lives of people better and you can see how your ideas will do that.
You go to work and bounce some ideas off your co-workers, they see the vision and the generalizations, and even point out a few blind spots you didn't cover and suggest solutions to those cases as well. By the end of lunch you're feeling even better and branch off mainline to work on the feature. While stuff is compiling and testing you help out your co-workers with some of the stuff they're working on. You pay them in kind and engage with the real vision of their ideas and point them in a few directions they didn't think of. They go back to the drawing board to incubate the ideas further. You realize when those new features are ready incorporating them into what you're working on might cause some problems so you re-design some of the data-flow to make their life easier in the coming months. You're not a religious man but notice the spiritual aspects in the creative and communal process of programming.
By the end of the day you have the prototype reviewed, tested, and merged into mainline. No one in IT and infrastructure blinks an eye when you tell them you need a few custom packages. The pool of custom VMs is ready within 10 minutes of you pinging the relevant folks. Your test cluster is up, prototype is deployed, and actual integration tests are running. You realize you forgot an OS specific dependency. You again ping the relevant folks and they point you to your cluster definition. It is just plain code, not puppet, not chef, not ansible, not some weird YAML format, but real code. You have root access to each VM so you test the relevant bits live and then commit the changes when things work as expected. You submit the fixes and re-provision your cluster. Integration tests are once again running. The day ends with all green tests, both unit and otherwise. Your changes have passed all the relevant gates and are slated for the next deploy train.
Today was a good day.
The Reality
You wake up full of ideas about new features and capabilities that can theoretically be added to the product you're working on. But even at this stage the architecture of the code is opaque to you and you've been working on this code for over a year. It is unclear how these features can be incorporated into the existing code base. Although in theory you have generalized existing features and gotten rid of all sorts of corner cases that have been flagged as bugs by users you do not see a path forward for integrating those ideas. You are hopeful your co-workers will have more context and will see the vision and new capabilities your ideas will add to the product. You finish your breakfast and head off to the office. Still very hopeful your ideas will survive till the end of the day.
Right out of the gate there is another re-organization. It is a Tuesday and you half-expected this. You suspect someone in human resources read a book called “Tuesday Re-organizations” and misinterpreted all of it. Some teams have been merged and others disbanded. Whims of the powers that be. This is neither good nor bad in your mind. Just general grayness that permeates the organization to keep people on their toes. You look out the window and see a guy pacing back and forth and gesturing wildly. He mentions needing more resources and you can not tell if he is talking about pencils or people.
You've had a ticket open about getting a new cluster for testing out your ideas for a few weeks now. Provisioning new VMs is an arcane process that involves some weird pseudo-language. All of your attempts to get involved and improve this process have been thwarted. The reason are varied, hollow, and usually backed by an artificial sense of urgency: “Not in your job title”, “Not on the roadmap”, “New release is tomorrow”, “Urgent bug fix”, “Contractual obligations”, “Required by law”, etc. Kafka springs to mind but you've not read any of his works. You have an intuition that you would have been friends if you'd been alive around the same time. You realize many of the “broken things” are castles with moats. Martin Fowler got it wrong, it's not micro-services, it's micro-castles and it is truly the future of all software development. You start imagining this is all a deleted scene from the movie “Brazil”. You are a programmer in the bureaucracy. You imagine pulling out a gun, putting it to your head and pulling the trigger. HR bureaucrats spring into action as soon as they hear the gunshot and start racing to see who can stamp a new requisition form for your replacement first. The guy that was gesticulating outside the window a few minutes ago runs inside: “Hold on one second please. I need to put you on hold. YOU SEE? WE NEED MORE RESOURCES!!! Ok, are you still there”. Where were you? Right, validating some new feature code.
You have some friends and they are technically competent so in between compile phases and test runs you ping them with your ideas. They are not engaged or excited in any way. They do not see the vision of how it improves the product and provides a more unified experience for the users. You don't blame them. Their manager has been breathing down their neck about a thorny bug that has eluded all root cause analysis for a few months now. It is not reproducible in any consistent way and could be hiding in any number of 3rd party dependencies. The list of transitive dependencies is so large that no one knows anymore why some version of Guava keeps conflicting with another version of Guava every 3rd day of the month. The workaround ever since you can remember has been to re-run the 3 hour build that produces whatever artifacts depend on those set of dependencies. You ping another friend, same response. You look at your Jira and Asana queue and pick up something to work on and while on Jira you ping that ticket you've had open for some new VMs. Your mind starts to wander and you start chasing an analogy. There are no assembly lines in sight and yet it feels like one. Take the thing, re-jigger the thing, add another thing, pass it on to the next guy. You don't expect a response from the ping because IT has been migrating hardware and they are operating at reduced capacity and don't have time for new stuff.
You complete the task you had picked up and three other ones have already shown up in the queue. There is neither coherence nor any kind of aesthetic sensibility in any of the new items. No grand unified vision. Just requests by go-betweens that sit between you and the actual users of all the products you're working on. You remember some kind of manifesto about not doing things this way. Something about frequent and direct interaction between the makers and the people that get value out of the work of the makers. Your mind wanders again and you see the trail of another analogy. This is like playing house except for engineering but you're too tired to carry this one to completion.
You finish the day with five new lines of code. Too tired to carry on the initial thread that started in the morning and had you excited to go into the office. The build is broken and you're unsure why. Maybe it's the 3rd of the month? You can not run it on a clean cluster to figure out if it is your code that is breaking or someone else's.
You grab a bottle of water and head home.
Dresden, Germany (CNN) Anti-Islam protesters gathered Monday in the German city of Dresden, with some carrying banners with the names of those killed in the Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris.
It is the 12th march in Dresden called by the protest group Patriotic Europeans against the Islamization of the West, or PEGIDA, since October. Dresden police say the number of people attending these rallies has increased from an estimated 350 protesters on October 20 to 18,000 on January 5 and 25,000 people on Monday.
The PEGIDA movement emerged last year in the eastern German city. About 2% of Dresden's inhabitants are foreigners.
The group claims to have supporters in more than 30 German cities and 18 countries in Europe. A PEGIDA group in Norway has also called for demonstrators to gather outside the Town Hall in the capital, Oslo, to show support for the French and demonstrate opposition to what it calls the "Islamification of Norway."
In Dresden, organizers earlier announced that Monday's rally would commemorate the victims of last week's attacks in Paris
JUST WATCHED German church protests anti-Muslim movement Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH German church protests anti-Muslim movement 01:27
Critics, however, say that protesters are taking advantage of the attacks to attract supporters and incite hatred against refugees and foreigners.
Request to cancel march denied
German Justice Minister Heiko Maas called upon the organizers to cancel the protests. In an interview with German newspaper Bild, he said, "The victims do not deserve to be abused by such agitators."
The head of Germany's CSU party, Horst Seehofer, told ARD Television: "I want to request those responsible ... that they cancel their demonstrations for the foreseeable future, especially at a time when the whole world is shocked about the events in Paris."
German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who has repeatedly voiced her disagreement with the PEGIDA movement in recent weeks, made similar demands.
A representative for PEGIDA in Dresden told CNN that the march would not be canceled.
"They are putting us on the same level as radical extremists," said Kathrin Oertel, one of PEGIDA's leaders. "We have the right to express our condolences to the victims of Friday's terror attack."
Oertel added: "We all think we are being neglected by our politicians."
She later told CNN that she does not want to be perceived as racist.
"Muslims are only a tiny fraction of the population, but they're so dominant in pushing for their demands that German culture is being pushed back," said Oertel. "We want to live peacefully with all immigrants here in Germany, but we as Germans demand that they assimilate themselves into our culture and that they live in accordance with our laws and don't build up parallel societies."
At a planned protest in nearby Leipzig -- organized by a group similar to PEGIDA -- protest organizers had agreed to a city ban on showing anti-Mohammed cartoons , but city authorities revoked their ban Monday following criticism that it limited free speech.
According to German wire service Deutsche Presse-Agentur, Leipzig city officials originally made the decision to ensure that the protests would remain peaceful. "After Paris, one must assume that Mohammed cartoons are meant to be a provocation," DPA quoted a city representative before the ban was revoked.
French cartoonists reacted to the German PEGIDA marches by publishing caricatures in which they ridiculed the protesters.
On Saturday, 35,000 people assembled in front of Dresden's landmark site, the Frauenkirche, to advocate for tolerance. Local politicians emphasized that they were open for a dialogue with PEGIDA protesters.
Counterprotests planned across Germany
Counterprotests against anti-Islam demonstrators were planned in Hanover, Düsseldorf, Hamburg, Munich, Dresden, Leipzig and Berlin.
On its Facebook page, the leftist group Dresden Nazifrei (Dresden free of Nazis) called upon its supporters to protest against the anti-Muslim demonstrators. The Dresden Nazifrei organizers wrote: "It is your decision to decide whether there will only be protests in hearing range and sight distance or whether we will try to do more."
Large numbers of police officers will try to keep anti-Muslim protesters and their opponents from clashing, with a heavier presence because of the Paris attacks.
"We have slightly increased the number of police officers involved," a police representative told CNN on Monday, refusing to give specific numbers ahead of the demonstration.
Later, police said that around 1,600 officers were involved on Monday. Some 8,700 people protested against PEGIDA in Dresden, according to police.
JUST WATCHED German Minister: don't overestimate 'PEGIDA' movement Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH German Minister: don't overestimate 'PEGIDA' movement 09:17
German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere told CNN's Christiane Amanpour last week that he was "worried by this tendency" but that the significance of the protests should not be overestimated.
"It's new, it's concerning, but we should not be dominated by PEGIDA when we discuss our political agenda," he said.
On the other hand, he said protesters posed some questions that needed to be answered. "They ask: 'Is there an end of asylum seekers, how dangerous is Islam for our society, what about the fight against IS ( ISIS ) -- can this be successful?' These critical questions have to be faced, have to be answered," de Maziere said.
But he said he did not fear a rise of ugly nationalism in Germany again.
'We learned our lessons from the Nazi years'
"I'm confident we are strong," he said. "We learned our lessons from the Nazi years, and you can see it's very interesting that the organizations of PEGIDA; they know exactly where the red line is which they should not cross -- this makes me more skeptical but they know where the taboos are in Germany so I don't see a renewal of the NPD (the far-right National Democratic Party) -- it's less than in other European countries. And we are very well aware of it, and we will fight against every tendency."
Joerg Forbrig, a European analyst with the German Marshall Fund of the United States, told CNN that the PEGIDA movement had really only gained traction in the Dresden area, where its ideas had fallen on "particularly fertile soil."
"These protests are not so much fueled by fear of Islam and fear of Islamist attacks, but by frustration at the cost of reunification -- about the way they are being integrated and represented since the fall of the Berlin Wall," Forbrig said.
Dresden already had a well-established network of right-wing extremists before PEGIDA's emergence, he said.
"It's more a case of East Germans not entirely feeling at home in Germany," Forbrig said. "There is a feeling of second-class citizenship, and in order to be heard, many East Germans take to radical measures."
The movement was "basically a plea for more attention more than anything else," he said. "I think this movement has peaked -- I don't think that there is much more of a local and regional potential that this movement can exploit."
Forbrig stressed that there was a substantial counterprotest movement, with those protesters outnumbering PEGIDA supporters last week in Cologne by 10-to-1.
In fact, across Germany on Monday, more than 80,000 people protested against PEGIDA, according to the news agency DPA.
In her New Year's speech , Merkel addressed the issue of xenophobia, saying such demonstrations encourage the exclusion of people because of their skin color or religion.
Merkel urged people not to attend such rallies, where people have "hatred in their hearts," she said.
"We know the value of unity in our country," she said. "It is the foundation of our success."
Anonymous asked: Rape victim here. Your blog makes me so fucking angry. The overwhelming majority of you are just middle class white girls who have never known anything like rape in your life, yet you want to be oppressed and invent ways to creatively stretch the definition of rape so you can win arguments and feel sorry for yourselves. Don't worry, you're not trivialising what me and fellow sexual assault victims go through when you say being leered at on the bus at is rape culture. Fuck you.
The bitter toilet cleaner returns.
This is actually the saddest thing I've ever seen. I don't know whether you've been raped or not, but if you haven't and are making this up just to shit on other victims for daring to follow a blog that wasn't nice to you because you misread a post and got angry over your own mistake, then you are fucking disgusting, and if you have been and are using your experience to shit on other victims for daring to follow a blog that wasn't nice to you because you misread a post and got angry over your own mistake, then you are fucking disgusting.
You are a pathetic little wankstain. You accuse us of wanting to be oppressed but this is the fourth time you've been here trying to make yourself out to be a victim of something we've done. Tell me, since you're the expert on real oppression and know exactly what it is, why are you here? I mean, this is just a blog full of “middle class white girls”, right? Silly and inconsequential. So why are you so bothered by it? What effect does it have on you?
- Mod D.
Helping you cyber-stalk your favorite based-in-China Dota 2 pros and personalities, DOTALAND brings a random, semi-curated selection of posts from various publicly-accessed Weibo accounts over the past few days. What are people eating, doing, saying?
This is a new thing and I make no guarantees of: quality, consistency, or overall usefulness. Is this cool, want more, is it weird, useless? Let DOTALAND know: twitter.com/Dotaland
Sorted by player name, alphabetically. Begins with link, followed by translation of post text. Presence of pictures will be noted if available.
ChuaN
What he's been up to (pics within) — “Holidays are over, thank you to this group of brothers. Now it's time to gather my pathetic self back together, and take big steps towards my dream!”
DD
No eating late at night — “Whoever catches me eating late at night again, I will pay 200 RMB each time! Please supervise me”
LaNm
Pickup basketball — “Anyone for basketball around 10 in the morning? Usually one to two hours, Mushi and I are looking for a group.” (DD responded saying he'd play football/soccer, KingJ said ping pong, rOtk said it's far while someone else said that rOtk is bad at basketball anyway, but they agreed that they should organize a game together sometime)
#Dedication — In response to someone asking if he'd do more commentating: “I'm dedicating my all to my professional competitive career, no plans to split my focus. Will only consider commentating again after I retire.”
LongDD
As a commentator 1 — “Commentating is so much fun, hope that I can gradually overcome nerves, and be like I am when streaming on YY, at ease.”
As a commentator 2 — “Going home tomorrow. Thank you WPC for giving me this opportunity to learn and show myself. WPC is great, I hope to have the chance to come back again in the future.”
Mushi
After DK vs iG (DK 2-0 iG) — “Thank you everyone for your well wishes, in the end we held! I still did not do my best, so I must work hard to analyze!”
rOtk
First commentary experience — After commentating DK vs iG: “I speak what I see. I definitely had no intentions of purposely speaking ill of DK, it was simply that I'm not a great commentator. I will improve in the future. I was truly trying to objectively analyze the two teams' styles — DK tends towards farming, iG tends towards fighting, and thus I felt that DK would face high pressure. But congrats to DK.”
Sansheng
Quitting smoking — “I want to quit smoking!! Please everyone supervise me!!” (Zhou's response to Sansheng, not the most encouraging: “If you are able to quit smoking, then I can quit eating!”)
Sylar
Pub problems (with pic) — “Today's results have been unbelievable (literal translation: sky-shattering in a bad way)!” (spoiler: pros aren't immune to loss streaks either)
xiao8
Bad habit for a commentator to have — “It's about time to fix that habit of using profanity”
YYF
After DK vs iG (DK 2-0 iG) — “Due to a serious mistake on my part, we lost today. I've never hated myself as much. For my performances today, I can only use four words to describe: I'm so damn noob!”
ZSMJ
Gift from Zhou (it's an awesome Medusa figurine, pic within) — “How's this Medusa from Zhou-god?”
Advertisements
There is an MRA in Edmonton, Alberta. For now we will call him Mr. X. Like a growing number of other MRAs, some of whom were inspired by the incessant and ballsy work of John the Other and KARMA MRA MGTOW, he has taken the AVfM message to the streets of his city, placing AVfM posters at strategic locations.
The results have been more than interesting.
Recently, CBC reporter Nadia Stewart spotted one of the posters and made contact with AVfM News Director, Robert O'Hara, expressing an interest in doing a story on us. In turn, Robert put Stewart in touch with GirlWritesWhat, as she lives within reach of the Edmonton area and would make a fine local spokesperson for this site. We are waiting to see what comes of that.
The posters have also drawn attention in another way. A group of “concerned” Edmonton residents have formed a Facebook page, ever so creatively named “A Voice for Reasonable People,” and are organizing to monitor the AVfM posters going up and starting their own “counter-poster” campaign aimed at painting AVfM and MRAs in general as, you guessed it, violent, hateful bigots, out to abscond with poor wimmens and tie them to train tracks or something. So far, they have managed to muster 77 likes on their page.
Their group description is as follows:
This page is for organizing a reasonable, positive, and non-violent response to the appearance of A Voice for Men in our fair city (aka Edmonton).
Personally, I kinda like the ring it has to it. The term “the appearance of A Voice for Men in our fair city,” is especially compelling. It reminds me a little of “the appearance of blacks in our white neighborhood,” or “the appearance of little red blisters on our genitalia.”
I would recommend, however, that the VfRP group shoot a little higher, and attempt to promote the appearance of honesty and integrity in their little clique of liars and cowards.
Groups like this fall generally into two categories. They are either ignorant, which can be remedied with a little education and communication. Or they are ignorant and disingenuous, which, like little red blisters on your genitalia, can't be cured with anything, except, perhaps, two red pills and some tincture of FTSU. VfRP quickly demonstrated they fell into the latter category.
Posting on their wall was open, so I took the opportunity to make a comment when I found the page, saying: “It is a good idea that you have organized a non-violent response since AVfM is a non-violent organization.” End of comment, and I made no others.
Of course, the comment was removed after a short time, and the following was posted by their mod:
We do believe some congratulations are in order, lovely reasonable peoples: our little group has attracted the attention of Paul Elam & co. (whom those of you who've visited A Voice for Men will recognize as the founder of that charming little piece of the internet). Unfortunately, Paul's version of being reasonable has necessitated that we block him from the page. As a rule, we prefer not to block people. However, no where [sic] is it written that our inclusive, open, reasonable, positive, and safe space has to put up with spam, trolling, and abuse. So we won't.
It is nice to see these people have boundaries, even if they manufactured my violation of them out of thin air.
In fairness, there are some other MRA comments there that have been allowed to stand. Perhaps they saw Pandora's Box opening and decided to manufacture some inclusiveness. Who ever knows with these people.
As always, we prefer to focus on the larger lesson here. Mr. X, one single man in a large city, has managed to draw the attention of a major media network, and caused a group of citizens to mount a panicked and dishonest campaign of disinformation in an attempt to counter a message they don't and probably can't understand. That is one man, by himself, with some simple paper and glue.
Obviously, Mr. X IS tired of this shit. Now imagine ten, or a hundred more, getting just as tired as he is. Thanks to Mr. X for taking a stand, and to A Voice for Reasonable People, for sloppily spreading lies that make it easier for us to let the truth stand out. We will wait and see where the CBC goes with this as well.
In the meantime, never underestimate the power of one.
Mr. X has chosen to identify himself as Eric Duckman. His website is Mensrightsedmonton.com.
Story highlights Naser Jason Abdo planned to bomb a restaurant and shoot survivors near Fort Hood, Texas
He said U.S. operations in Afghanistan violated his beliefs
U.S. Justice Department praises the prosecution
Army Pvt. Naser Jason Abdo was sentenced to life in prison Friday for planning to bomb a restaurant in Killeen, Texas, when it was filled with soldiers and their families.
A federal judge in Waco, Texas, imposed two life prison sentences on Abdo for planning to detonate a bomb and shoot any survivors at the restaurant near Fort Hood.
When he was arrested in July 2011, police said he had a handgun and instructions for a homemade bomb. He also received a 60-year sentence for attempted murder of federal employees and firearms violations.
In May, Abdo was convicted by a federal jury for a series of crimes, including attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction.
The 22-year-old entered the Army and served as a paratrooper. However, he said he felt U.S. military operations in Afghanistan violated his Muslim beliefs.
He refused orders to go to Afghanistan and went AWOL from his base at Fort Campbell, Kentucky.
Abdo represented himself in court as he was sentenced.
After the proceeding, the Justice Department in Washington issued a statement commending the prosecution.
"This case serves as another reminder of the need for vigilance against extremists both at home and abroad," said Assistant Attorney General Lisa Monaco, who oversees terrorist prosecutions.
Nearly 23,000 works of state-owned art are missing in France and its overseas territories, lost over time from museums, town halls, and major institutions largely due to poor documentation and even theft. The number arrives from French daily Libération, which recently looked into the Sherlock database launched in 2014 by the Commission de Récolement des Ouvres d'Art de l'Etat (CRDOA), a government commission charged with cataloguing the inventories of national cultural centers.
The impetus for Libération‘s digging was CRDOA's annual report of 2015, published last May, which denounced the poor monitoring of the country's cultural heritage. Over the last two centuries, CRDOA notes that the French state has amassed a collection of over 430,000 objects, last tallied in 2011. Responsibility for managing This is dispersed among administrative bodies such as the Fonds National d'Art Contemporain, Mobilier National, and the Service des Musées de France — which presides over national museums, including the Louvre and the Musée d'Orsay. Service des Musées de France, according to Libération‘s numbers, comes in second for the most artworks missing, with nearly 6,500 pieces unaccounted for, 65% of which are archaeological objects. It follows the Centre National des Arts Plastiques, which is currently searching for over 11,000 objects, 54% of which are paintings, and which represent nearly one-ninth of its inventory.
Missing objects span from ornate clocks to royal portraits to an entire mahogany bed that should be in the Palace of Versailles. A number of drawings, paintings, prints, and sculptures by Picasso have also vanished from various museums around the country; a tapestry by Joan Miró loaned to the French embassy in Washington, DC, is no longer there. Many French embassies are actually filled with less state art than they are supposed to hold: Libération found that while most complaints filed for missing works come from Paris — 501 — a total of 123 were filed for works registered in French embassies, all the responsibility of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The embassy in Conakry, Guinea, has no idea what has happened to five tapestries placed in its care.
The departments in charge of the missing objects are actively attempting to track and recover them. In 2014, CRDOA's president, Jacques Sallois, called for them to submit reports on the conditions of their inventories, noting that such poor cataloguing and documentation dates back to the era of Napoleon III. Since the launch of Sherlock, 251 objects have been found, according to Libération.
One success story CRDOA recounts in its 2015 report, which illustrates just how much of an adventure an object might have, is the 13-year quest to recover a Louis XVI desk. Its holder, Mobilier National, had verified a number of times that it was in its rightful spot at the Ministry of National Education. In 2002, however, an antique dealer who had acquired the desk notified Mobilier National after noticing the inventory number marked on it. While the government body filed a complaint, a Paris Court dismissed the case, ruling that there was not enough evidence to establish a theft had been intentionally committed. The desk resurfaced at two auctions in 2013. A case to attain it after the first was also dismissed, but in 2015, after a legal battle, a French high court ruled that it be returned to the state.
In its report, CRDOA noted that the recovery of all objects is not foreseeable before 2020, but that with new and tighter measures regarding documentation and applications for loans, public institutions should now be properly and effectively monitoring their cultural reserves.
Kim Kardashian West made it clear in a recent interview that she's no supporter of President Trump, insisting that even her four-year-old daughter would make for a better president.
“Anyone can run the U.S. better. My daughter would be better,” she told Harper's Bazaar Arabia on Wednesday. “We've worked so hard to get to where we were and to have so many things that we were so proud of in our country, to just literally revert backwards is the most frustrating thing.
“Every single day when you can't really believe what's going on, the next day it's something else even more crazy and tragic,” she said. “It's really scary, the world that we're living in now. And when you did feel safe at home, now with Trump in presidency you just don't feel safe any more.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Kardashian West said that she refuses to follow President Trump on Twitter but still follows his predecessor, Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE.
Her husband, rapper Kanye West, famously said last November that if he had voted at all it would have been for Trump. West met with the then-president elect in December and posed for photos with him in the lobby of Trump Tower.
West deleted his tweets about the meeting after Trump took office, however, including one about how he had met with Trump to “discuss multicultural issues,” including “bullying, supporting teachers, modernizing curriculums, and violence in Chicago.”
Kardashian West flirted with the idea of voting for Trump herself before eventually coming out in support of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton last September.
“At first I thought, ‘Oh my God, I'm so Hillary,' but I had a long political call with Caitlyn [Jenner] last night about why she's voting Trump. I'm on the fence,” she said in an interview with Wonderland magazine. "There was a point when I wasn't 100% sure I was even going to vote in this election; I didn't want to vote blindly.
"I found that without a doubt, I stand with Hillary," she later said. "I'm with her. I believe Hillary will best represent our country and is the most qualified for the job."
Opposite CBS' fall finale for "The Big Bang Theory" and NBC's NFL pre-game coverage on Thursday at 8:00 p.m., ABC's TV debut of "The Wonderful World of Disney: OLAF'S FROZEN ADVENTURE drew an impressive 5.7 million viewers and 1.4 rating, 6 share in Adults 18-49, as only "Big Bang Theory" and its lead-out "Young Sheldon" finished higher on the night among entertainment programming. In addition, the Disney animated special stood as Thursday's No. 1 TV show with Female Teens 12-17 and Kids 2-11, drawing a season high for ABC to the time period on the latter measure.
At 8:30 p.m. against CBS' "Young Sheldon" and the start of "Thursday Night Football" on NBC, ABC's annual encore of "Disney Prep & Landing" built over its year-ago night telecast (on 12/15/16 at 8:00 p.m.) with Total Viewers (+8% - 4.1 million vs. 3.8 million) and spiked 38% in Adults 18-49 (1.1/4 vs. 0.8/3). In viewers and young adults, "Disney Prep & Landing" posted its highest numbers in 3 years - since 2014.
Projections Rationale: Lifts vs. L+SD are based on 2017-18 season averages for originals (excluding the premiere). Returning shows: Profile based on same show (either premiere or averages for originals). New series: Based on similar series.
Source: The Nielsen Company, Fast Affiliate Live + Same Day Ratings for 12/14/17.
Image courtesy of ABC
Related Articles
In one incident, the school principal at the time, Donald Moten, told staff to place two fighting pupils “in the cage and let 'em duke it out”. On another occasion, according to the report, a member of the school security staff tried to fight a student in the cage, but the principal intervened.
“More than anything, I'm in shock and disbelief – shocked that this could ever occur and shocked that it would be condoned by a professional administrator,” said Jerome Garza, a member of the Dallas School Board.
Superintendent Michael Hinojosa told the newspaper that there were “some things that happened inside of a cage” and called the fights “unacceptable.”
Frank Hammond, a former South Oak Cliff counsellor who is suing the school after being dismissed, said “It was gladiator-style entertainment for the staff. They were taking these boys downstairs to fight. And it was sanctioned by the principal and security.”
Angela Williamson, a parent, said she was ignored when she attempted to bring the matter to the attention of district administrators, the newspaper reports. Her son, Cortland, told her that students stood around clapping and screaming while watching a fight he participated in. He and another student fought for five to ten minutes in the cage in 2004.
Williamson took her son out of the school and moved him to another district shortly after he came home with a swollen hand.
The football coach she met had encouraged the fights, the woman said: “He told me this is how they settled disputes in his day.”
According to the investigators' report, the principal, school security staff and other employees “knew of the practice, allowed it to go on for a time, and failed to report it.” But, ex-principal Moten, who resigned last year following a separate investigation, denied that any cage fights took place during his tenure.
“That's barbaric,” he said in his interview with the Dallas Morning News. “You can't do that at a high school. You can't do that anywhere. Ain't nothing to comment on. It never did happen. I never put a stop to anything because it never happened.”
No criminal charges were ever filed, and there was no mention in the report of whether anyone required medical attention or whether any employees were disciplined. Dallas police said they had no record of any investigation by the department.
The allegations followed shortly after law enforcement authorities reported that care workers at a Corpus Christi institution forced mentally disabled residents to fight each other and recorded the brawls for their own entertainment, adds the AP news agency.
UniversalImagesGroup/Getty
Next time a nurse sticks a needle into your arm, don't look away: it'll be less painful. A new study shows that we feel less pain when we are looking at our body – and that this effect works with virtual reality too.
In 2009, Patrick Haggard and Matthew Longo of University College London showed that looking at your own body has an analgesic effect. The researchers shone infrared laser light on the skin of volunteers. Those who were looking at their body rather than at a neutral object said that they felt less pain. Scalp electrodes revealed that this analgesic effect was linked to weaker activity in parts of the brain's cortex that process pain – although why this happens is unclear.
Since then, two different teams have tested the effect using the rubber hand illusion – in which a rubber hand is placed next to a person's real hand, which is hidden from view. Stroking both the real and rubber hands with paint brushes convinces them that the rubber hand is their own. Extending this illusion, the teams wanted to know: can looking at a rubber hand that feels like one's own alleviate pain in your real hand?
Advertisement
The studies were contradictory: one study showed an analgesic effect, but the other did not. Maria Sanchez-Vives at the University of Barcelona, Spain, and her colleagues argue that differences in the position of the rubber hand and real hand may have led to the differing results.
Higher pain threshold
To test the effect of the rubber hand's position, her team used virtual reality to induce the illusion. Instead of seeing a real rubber hand, participants were shown one via a VR headset instead.
The researchers could change the location of this virtual rubber hand, relative to where a participant's hand really was. Thermal electrodes attached to the volunteers' hands made them feel heat. The virtual hand appeared to be attached to virtual electrodes too.
The team then stepped up the heat in small increments, asking volunteers to tell them when the heat started to feel painful – a measure of their thermal pain threshold. They found that when the virtual hand was located close to where a participant's real hand was, they had a higher pain threshold.
“If you look at a virtual body, it is analgesic, but it's important that it's co-located,” says Sanchez-Vives. If there is a displacement between the real body and the virtual body, this effect is reduced, she says.
Don't look away
The researchers think that virtual reality can be used as a therapeutic tool. “Classically, virtual reality has been used to deal with pain, mostly as a distractor,” says Sanchez-Vives. The new technique is not about distraction, but about using VR to use an existing mechanism in the brain to increase a person's pain threshold. In theory, during a painful procedure, VR could show a person's body in ways that could reduce pain. In an earlier study, Sanchez-Vives' team had shown, for example, that looking at a virtual arm that's reddish in colour lowers your pain threshold, while a bluish arm increases it.
Thomas Metzinger, a cognitive philosopher at the Johannes Gutenberg University in Mainz, Germany, agrees. “This research is very useful and quite promising because it opens a route to how we could therapeutically dampen down pain using virtual reality,” he says.
Both Sanchez-Vives and Metzinger say that the effect might be down to the brain trying to predict the location and intensity of the pain. If a nurse is about to stick a needle into your arm and you look away, the brain is unable to localise the pain without visual input. As a result, it lowers the pain threshold and pays attention to a larger area— which may explain why the needle causes more pain when you look away.
Journal reference: Journal of Pain, DOI: 10.1016/j.jpain.2017.01.003 http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1526590017300172
Read more: Mice fall for rubber hand illusion just like us
We have clarified that the rubber hand needs to feel like one's own for the illusion to work
TouchArcade Rating:
While fans of the game are eagerly awaiting to unveil of Vainglory's (Free) the newest hero, Skye, the folks at Super Evil Megacorp made a pretty significant announcement about the mobile MOBA this morning.
The biggest news is the unveiling of Vainglory Seasons, which looks to add a lot more replayability to the current ranked mode available. Essentially, Vainglory will divide the calendar year into quarters and players will be able to earn exclusive rewards and achievements for playing within the season. At the conclusion of each season, player ranks associated with seasonal play will assumedly reset, new achievements/awards will be offered, and the cycle begins anew.
While some of the achievements will be focused on skill tier obtained, there will also be rewards focused on simply playing the game (which I'm assuming won't require you to play ranked games). In this regard, Super Evil Megacorp hopes to have something for all types of players, whether they be high-end competitive players or folks that simply enjoy playing casual matches. Rewards aren't limited to solo play either, as team competitive skill will also be a contributing factor to rewards in some fashion.
To celebrate the launch of the first Vainglory Season, all players are being encouraged to do some Ranked Play for the month of September to earn your highest skill tier. Once the first season starts, your ending tier in regular ranked play will be turned into a permanent trophy that will be stored in a new ‘Trophy Room' attached to your profile. It's a pretty nice way to immortalize the last year of ranked play, but I'm sure some folks are not going to be happy to give up their skill tier once the first season launches.
As someone that doesn't really engage in ranked play, I like this move because it will certainly encourage me to check it out. As it is I'm always afraid of losing my rank but if it's reset every quarter, at least that'll give me motivation to play in that mode again. There are a few questions lingering about Vainglory Seasons, such as how Elo will interact with constantly resetting ranks and what types of rewards/achievements will be available beyond trophies (exclusive skins would be nice), but I'm sure more info will be coming soon as the first season launches in October.
Meanwhile, the official Skye unveil is slated to occur on the developer's Twitch channel later today. As always stick with us (or watch us on Mobcrush) for more on this pretty awesome MOBA.
Download raw source
Delivered-To: john.podesta@gmail.com Received: by 10.25.44.146 with SMTP id s140csp2493651lfs; Mon, 16 Mar 2015 06:19:06 -0700 (PDT) X-Received: by 10.229.68.136 with SMTP id v8mr74923009qci.16.1426511945840; Mon, 16 Mar 2015 06:19:05 -0700 (PDT) Return-Path: <jake.sullivan@gmail.com> Received: from mail-qc0-x235.google.com (mail-qc0-x235.google.com. [2607:f8b0:400d:c01::235]) by mx.google.com with ESMTPS id e37si9778406qgd.75.2015.03.16.06.18.35 (version=TLSv1.2 cipher=ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256 bits=128/128); Mon, 16 Mar 2015 06:19:05 -0700 (PDT) Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of jake.sullivan@gmail.com designates 2607:f8b0:400d:c01::235 as permitted sender) client-ip=2607:f8b0:400d:c01::235; Authentication-Results: mx.google.com; spf=pass (google.com: domain of jake.sullivan@gmail.com designates 2607:f8b0:400d:c01::235 as permitted sender) smtp.mail=jake.sullivan@gmail.com; dkim=pass header.i=@gmail.com; dmarc=pass (p=NONE dis=NONE) header.from=gmail.com Received: by mail-qc0-x235.google.com with SMTP id o4so41891959qct.3; Mon, 16 Mar 2015 06:18:35 -0700 (PDT) DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/relaxed; d=gmail.com; s=20120113; h=content-type:mime-version:subject:from:in-reply-to:date:cc :content-transfer-encoding:message-id:references:to; bh=03LybdGfqkjQTAoCF25PYPSZP+GNBq3My7c/jePniXI=; b=1DkM5KQxs8ET0lNBnmPCXMvxe9iloWgk3YNjNwT852cLC2jr9fLDyqZEeKlHaBpHv2 Ksb9kCMNyiscU+VDGV3087ewEBFZFNKHVcAjXbAf74VlGieXV1D6rPmpsf7nxFhN3Pvr pfwGAMZ6P2xSEk/TKbxGuWPBLfIKMQnpnt1IN8fuxDnnrFr4fEH4RZMrI+9pfILuT+/p //pkUfW5R1HkaeegRxKkHrJnNG6wwDRdY56UrE2r6waCwuKsoEFFLjwqHYQmyLzarsIi VR6e7cJw6ucIECCiBa6KunpMuibxdhOqYPwhPxKTw9KCreBQ3x1DJoj0fYUQKKXY4Z+Y 4bDQ== X-Received: by 10.140.39.179 with SMTP id v48mr74586767qgv.77.1426511915352; Mon, 16 Mar 2015 06:18:35 -0700 (PDT) Return-Path: <jake.sullivan@gmail.com> Received: from [51.5.66.69] ([66.87.122.69]) by mx.google.com with ESMTPSA id g21sm7382859qhc.35.2015.03.16.06.18.34 (version=TLSv1 cipher=ECDHE-RSA-RC4-SHA bits=128/128); Mon, 16 Mar 2015 06:18:34 -0700 (PDT) Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary=Apple-Mail-6609E785-D5B4-495D-99B1-4FFC24D00705 Mime-Version: 1.0 (1.0) Subject: Re: Trafficking//Loretta Lynch From: Jake Sullivan <jake.sullivan@gmail.com> X-Mailer: iPhone Mail (12B436) In-Reply-To: <3F284BC8-9E9A-4A8C-B2CE-76959371D8E1@gmail.com> Date: Mon, 16 Mar 2015 09:18:32 -0400 CC: Huma Abedin <huma@hrcoffice.com>, John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com>, Kristina Schake <kristinakschake@gmail.com>, Jim Margolis <Jim.Margolis@gmmb.com>, Joel Benenson <jbenenson@bsgco.com>, Mandy Grunwald <GrunCom@aol.com>, Jesse Ferguson <jesse@jesseferguson.com>, Robby <robbymook@gmail.com>, Dan Schwerin <dschwerin@hrcoffice.com> Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit Message-Id: <FA29D197-8CE5-464A-A700-25F47FE185FA@gmail.com> References: <CAE6FiQ-t8Y-FdKEh-N_7EoRfXe8hnxdrjrfPBcxqm89gMtNbXg@mail.gmail.com> <CADr-x=ojbKGzWVsF+YzNQnRFa8KTEbtX3UFVbpjAXY-uFTiTmQ@mail.gmail.com> <CAE6FiQ9JGT0LLy6tUMMBg0TdE+CGBSMCkVTURTSS4ms5CNfUPg@mail.gmail.com> <CY1PR0301MB06354249B7C1DF77CFA4A941DD020@CY1PR0301MB0635.namprd03.prod.outlook.com> <DC9AE203-5826-4946-83B6-8B29C544226C@gmail.com> <49179FBE-CA09-4DBD-8081-B93DEC5B6399@hrcoffice.com> <3F284BC8-9E9A-4A8C-B2CE-76959371D8E1@gmail.com> To: Jennifer Palmieri <jennifer.m.palmieri@gmail.com> --Apple-Mail-6609E785-D5B4-495D-99B1-4FFC24D00705 Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable + Schwerin who can add something to the lunch. =20 Seems like it's a dual message of confirm a qualified nominee and pass a cru= cial trafficking bill without trying to wage ideological war against a woman= 's right to choose, right? =20 > On Mar 16, 2015, at 9:10 AM, Jennifer Palmieri <jennifer.m.palmieri@gmail.= com> wrote: >=20 > Oh, shit. I thought it was a dinner. I would recommend she say somethin= g at lunch - is it too late to do that, Huma?=20 >=20 > Sent from my iPhone >=20 >> On Mar 16, 2015, at 9:07 AM, Huma Abedin <huma@hrcoffice.com> wrote: >>=20 >> HRC on camera with Irish Americans for a lunch today >>=20 >> On Mar 16, 2015, at 9:06 AM, "Jennifer Palmieri" <jennifer.m.palmieri@gma= il.com> wrote: >>=20 >>> Yes, need to do something on her and trafficking which is also hung up. = She could also raise one or both of these tonight.=20 >>>=20 >>> Sent from my iPhone >>>=20 >>> On Mar 16, 2015, at 8:52 AM, Huma Abedin <huma@hrcoffice.com> wrote: >>>=20 >>>> She knows Loretta. Not an extremely close relationship and don't rememb= er last time they connected.=20 >>>> She was in running to be Spitzer LG years ago. Hrc wanted Leecia Eve, o= thers pushed Lynch. Regardless, definitely a cordial relationship.=20 >>>> I would vote for a tweet. =20 >>>> From: John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> >>>> Sent: Monday, March 16, 2015 8:35:43 AM >>>> To: Kristina Schake >>>> Cc: Jim Margolis; Joel Benenson; Mandy Grunwald; Jesse Ferguson; Jennif= er Palmieri; Robby Mook; Jake Sullivan; Huma Abedin >>>> Subject: Re: Trafficking//Loretta Lynch >>>> =20 >>>> Pretty sure she knows her, but not certain. +Huma >>>>> On Mar 16, 2015 8:32 AM, "Kristina Schake" <kristinakschake@gmail.com>= wrote: >>>>> We weren't planning to, but with the new development think we should. = We could do a tweet today. Does she know Lynch? If so, we could make it m= ore personal or do it as a statement . Copying in Jesse too. =20 >>>>>=20 >>>>>> On Mon, Mar 16, 2015 at 7:55 AM, John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com= > wrote: >>>>>> We're doing anything on this today? --Apple-Mail-6609E785-D5B4-495D-99B1-4FFC24D00705 Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8 Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit <html><head><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"></head><body dir="auto"><div><br>+ Schwerin who can add something to the lunch. </div><div><br></div><div>Seems like it's a dual message of confirm a qualified nominee and pass a crucial trafficking bill without trying to wage ideological war against a woman's right to choose, right? <br><br></div><div><br>On Mar 16, 2015, at 9:10 AM, Jennifer Palmieri <<a href="mailto:jennifer.m.palmieri@gmail.com">jennifer.m.palmieri@gmail.com</a>> wrote:<br><br></div><blockquote type="cite"><div><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"><div>Oh, shit. I thought it was a dinner. I would recommend she say something at lunch - is it too late to do that, Huma? <br><br>Sent from my iPhone</div><div><br>On Mar 16, 2015, at 9:07 AM, Huma Abedin <<a href="mailto:huma@hrcoffice.com">huma@hrcoffice.com</a>> wrote:<br><br></div><blockquote type="cite"><div> <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii"> <div>HRC on camera with Irish Americans for a lunch today<br> <br> On Mar 16, 2015, at 9:06 AM, "Jennifer Palmieri" <<a href="mailto:jennifer.m.palmieri@gmail.com">jennifer.m.palmieri@gmail.com</a>> wrote:<br> <br> </div> <blockquote type="cite"> <div> <div>Yes, need to do something on her and trafficking which is also hung up. She could also raise one or both of these tonight. <br> <br> Sent from my iPhone</div> <div><br> On Mar 16, 2015, at 8:52 AM, Huma Abedin <<a href="mailto:huma@hrcoffice.com">huma@hrcoffice.com</a>> wrote:<br> <br> </div> <blockquote type="cite"> <div> <meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8"> <font style="font-size:11.0pt; font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif"; color:#1F497D">She knows Loretta. Not an extremely close relationship and don't remember last time they connected. <br> She was in running to be Spitzer LG years ago. Hrc wanted Leecia Eve, others pushed Lynch. Regardless, definitely a cordial relationship. <br> I would vote for a tweet. </font> <hr tabindex="-1" style="display:inline-block; width:98%"> <div id="divRplyFwdMsg" dir="ltr"><font face="Calibri, sans-serif" color="#000000" style="font-size:11pt"><b>From:</b> John Podesta <<a href="mailto:john.podesta@gmail.com">john.podesta@gmail.com</a>><br> <b>Sent:</b> Monday, March 16, 2015 8:35:43 AM<br> <b>To:</b> Kristina Schake<br> <b>Cc:</b> Jim Margolis; Joel Benenson; Mandy Grunwald; Jesse Ferguson; Jennifer Palmieri; Robby Mook; Jake Sullivan; Huma Abedin<br> <b>Subject:</b> Re: Trafficking//Loretta Lynch</font> <div> </div> </div> <div> <p dir="ltr">Pretty sure she knows her, but not certain. +Huma<br> </p> <div class="gmail_quote">On Mar 16, 2015 8:32 AM, "Kristina Schake" <<a href="mailto:kristinakschake@gmail.com">kristinakschake@gmail.com</a>> wrote:<br type="attribution"> <blockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 0 .8ex; border-left:1px #ccc solid; padding-left:1ex"> <div dir="ltr">We weren't planning to, but with the new development think we should. We could do a tweet today. Does she know Lynch? If so, we could make it more personal or do it as a statement . Copying in Jesse too. </div> <div class="gmail_extra"><br> <div class="gmail_quote">On Mon, Mar 16, 2015 at 7:55 AM, John Podesta <span dir="ltr"> <<a href="mailto:john.podesta@gmail.com" target="_blank">john.podesta@gmail.com</a>></span> wrote:<br> <blockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 0 .8ex; border-left:1px #ccc solid; padding-left:1ex"> <p dir="ltr">We're doing anything on this today?</p> </blockquote> </div> <br> </div> </blockquote> </div> </div> </div> </blockquote> </div> </blockquote> </div></blockquote></div></blockquote></body></html> --Apple-Mail-6609E785-D5B4-495D-99B1-4FFC24D00705--
Muay Thai Reality Captures Sean Fagan Fighting in Thailand
Documenting Muay Thai Life: Training and Fighting in Thailand
The Muay Thai game is hard, the training is exhausting, and the fight itself is difficult. It might even be the most challenging experience you'll ever face in your life! Far too often Muay Thai fighters are only portrayed as finished products; polished and perfect, especially online.
The reality of Muay Thai includes just as much hardship as success. However, it takes a special fighter, humble and transparent in character, to allow their dark side to be shown in the Muay Thai fight game.
In the second episode of Muay Thai Reality, Sean Fagan invites us behind the scenes and along for the ride as he trains at Khongsittha Muay Thai Gym and fights at Super Muay Thai in Bangkok, Thailand.
On the day of the weigh-in Sean said,
“This is actually one of the easiest weight cuts I've had to do since it's a higher weight class. I woke up about 0.4 KG over. I only had to sweat out a little bit this morning and get some good blood flow going. I didn't mind it at all. After this weight in, I'll have about 36 hours to re-hydrate.”
Sean was weighing in to compete in a 4-man Muay Thai Tournament held at 68 KG (150lbs). The Tournament took place on Workpoint Channel, live Thai television. The other 3 fighters were from England, Uzbekistan, and Thailand. The first fight, Sean was matched up against the toughest opponent of them all.
“I'm challenging the Thai in the first round, fuck yeah man; bring it on! It's not supposed to be easy,” Sean said, after the weigh-ins.
Muay Thai Reality: From the Bottom featuring Sean Fagan, tells his truth behind a fighter's mindset, hard work, and results in the Muay Thai fight game. See for yourself:
Before this fight I had never met Sean before, I was an outsider looking in. I knew that he had traveled here to Thailand from Costa Rica. I knew that he was a successful individual with a “lifestyle career”. I also knew that he had guts to compete in a 4-man Muay Thai tournament on live Thai television.
From my perspective – as a Thai-American who has been a part of Muay Thai Culture since the age of 8 – Sean had already won. At the end of the day, it's the story of life that matters and Sean had the most winning story out of all the competitors that night.
Muay Thai needs to be presented in an authentic way. The Thai fighter went on to win the 4-man Tournament; he had more experience than the other 3 fighters combined.
Regardless of the outcome, Muay Thai Reality tells the true story behind training and fighting. The struggle, the success, the preparation, and the fight are what I want to show the World with this video series.
Muay Thai Reality shows training camp life and the day-to-day activities inside and outside of the gym. Sean prepared for this fight during one of the Thailand Training Camps at Khongsittha. While Sean was getting fight ready, others were training to improve their skills, transform their body, and experience the Thai culture.
Thailand Training Camp is for all of the above, to fight in Thailand and/or experience life through Muay Thai.
Prior to this fight, Sean hosted a Muay Thai Retreat in Costa Rica, with people from all over the world. There, Sean trained Muay Thai twice a day, in an open-air studio gym and on the beach.
From there, Sean traveled to Bangkok, Thailand and picked up his training in a modern Thai gym. No matter where Sean is in the world, he's training Muay Thai with his friends and fans.
Become apart of this Muay Thai Reality and join us in Thailand at a Training Camp or Costa Rica on a Muay Thai Retreat.
Please follow and like us:
Like this: Like Loading...
It all resembles the plot of a yet-to-be-written musical. Avid mod and aspiring singer Geoff MacCormack – who moved in the same circles as modernist ‘faces' like Marc Bolan and Mickey Finn – was selling advertising space for a London construction newspaper when an old school pal ‘phoned him and urged him to work with him. The date was January 1973, the caller was David Bowie, and the job entailed joining his band, as singer, percussionist and dancer. He said “yes”.
Within weeks, MacCormack was sailing to New York with the flight-phobic Bowie. He remembered to pack his camera, so “the party that lasted for three years” was recorded in endearingly intimate “holiday snaps”. While always one to adopt a pose, the feeling here is of an unguarded Bowie – almost as though these are shots from a family photo album. The sense of two mates – one of whom just happened to have become a rock star – having riotous good times is palpable. So much so, that a seasoned music journalist became tearful on seeing these photos.
Fortunately, MacCormack knows a decisive moment when he clocks one, and has a natural eye for composition; that's why these images withstand repeated viewing. Genesis Publications certainly agreed: they published MacCormack's photographic travelogue, From Station to Station: Travels with Bowie 1973 – 1976 , in May 2007. An impressed Bowie provided an archly playful foreword.
These engaging photographs may now be bought from Geoff MacCormack, and below he gives us the story behind each image.
ABC Perth hosts Kimberley art exhibition
Posted
This Saturday the ABC studios in East Perth will throw open its doors as part of Open House Perth.
Between 10:00am and 4:00pm visitors will be able to visit Aunty and also take some time out to view some treasures from the Kimberley region.
Rarely seen artworks from north-western WA will be on display as part of a partnership exhibition between the ABC and the Department of Aboriginal Affairs entitled Ngurra, Ngarranggarni, Kirriwirri To Kununurra: A Selection Of Kimberley Artworks From The DAA Collection.
ABC Perth manager Sarah Knight said while the collection was modest in size, there was a vibrancy about the work that captured the colour and mood of the landscape in which it was created.
"It is the first time these incredible works have been put on public display and I would encourage everyone to come along and see them for themselves on Saturday."
The good news is if you miss the exhibition this weekend, guests to the ABC studios at 30 Fielder Street, East Perth, will be able to view the display until the end of February.
Topics: abc, arts-and-entertainment, indigenous-culture, perth-6000, kununurra-6743
The movement for higher wages for fast-food workers is growing as organizers plan day-long strikes on Thursday in a hundred U.S. cities and protests in a hundred more, the New York Times reported yesterday. Economists remain uncertain what would happen if fast-food workers got their way: Policy-makers and economists have speculated that raising the federal minimum wage from $7.25 to $15 per hour, as campaigns like Fight for 15 and Fast Food Forward demand, could result in a rise in employment, a rise in unemployment, a decrease in public spending on welfare programs, the replacement of waiters by robots, and/or an increase in workers' efficiency and a reduction in employee turnover.
Another thing economists can't agree on: Would in an increase in labor costs mean an increase in meals costs at the checkout counter?
One study by the Employment Policies Institute found that each 10 percent increase in the minimum wage translates to a 1.6 percent rise in prices. According to a different set of calculations by Columbia Journalism Review, doubling the current minimum-wage salary at McDonald's would mean a 25-percent increase in prices. There are many factors at play in setting price, from fluctuations in the cost of raw materials and transportation to the state of the economy at large—but we used these two sets of calculations to estimate what menu items would cost if fast-food workers made at least $15 per hour.
“We came so that we will live well, be happy and healthy, for the sake of our children,” said Anna Kozlova, 68, a pensioner who joined the end of the line late Tuesday night with her daughter Oksana Kulikova, a nurse, wrapped, like her mother, in fur against the cold.
She said she planned to head straight to work after venerating the relic at the towering Cathedral of Christ the Savior, which has been open around the clock.
“If a person believes, they come here,” Ms. Kulikova said. This, she stressed, is a matter of free will — in contrast to the long lines of the Soviet era for forced visits to Lenin's mausoleum on Red Square.
Moscow's city government closed streets around the cathedral — causing those Muscovites not so inclined to venerate relics to rant about the even-worse-than-usual traffic jams. Mobile canteens were set up to feed the pilgrims, and heated city buses lined the embankment to offer respite from the cold. A free bus service is shuttling provincial visitors to train stations.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Moscow's mayor, Sergei S. Sobyanin, came to inspect the scene. The benefactor of the St. Andrew the First-Called Foundation is Vladimir Yakunin, president of the Russian Railroads, who is close to Mr. Putin. At a news conference in October, Mr. Yakunin said the belt — usually kept at the Vatopedi Monastery on the Mount Athos peninsula in northern Greece, where women are not permitted — was known for promoting fertility.
“The belt of the Most Holy Virgin Mary possesses miraculous power,“ he said. “It helps women and helps in childbirth. In our demographic situation, this is in and of itself important.”
It also seems to attract people who, having forsaken Russia's deteriorating health system, are looking for something else. In recent years, Russians have thronged to relics of numerous saints, hoping to be cured of ills like cancer , debt and drunken husbands.
“People come who apparently no longer have faith in medical care and await a miracle,” said the Rev. Mikhail Ryazantsev, the cathedral's sacristan, who said the overwhelming majority were women.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The blogs and Facebook pages of Russian Orthodox intellectuals have overflowed with debates about whether hysteria over the belt was a disturbing sign that many Russians' faith is based on superstition. Many noted that Christ the Savior Cathedral and the Holy Trinity-St. Sergius Lavra near Moscow, one of the most important monasteries in the Orthodox Church, have relics of the Virgin Mary that are just as precious.
At a bustling coffee shop near the cathedral that this week became an impromptu pit stop for the faithful, an excited young woman rushed in to tell waiting friends that she had venerated the Virgin Mary's belt. Then she told them about her visit to a fortune teller.
For other people, excitement over the relics underscores that Russians are dissatisfied and searching for something.
“Faith helps us live,” Dmitry Gurov, 27, who works in a bank and would seem to live the good life, said as he joined the line on Tuesday night. Yet not many miles from Moscow people may live without gas or running water. “Life is hard in our country,” he said. “We don't know what will happen next.”
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein asked that the White House correct the record about his role in the firing of former FBI Director James Comey, according to a new report.
Rosenstein objected to Trump administration aides citing his criticism of Comey's performance to justify the sacking, The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday, and called White House counsel Don McGahn about it.
He left the impression he could not work in a place where facts were not accurately reported, a person familiar with the conversation told the Journal.
ADVERTISEMENT
A key source of Rosenstein's stress was purportedly White House aides reiterating that Comey's firing was in response to a Justice Department recommendation.
The White House announced Tuesday that President Trump had fired Comey on the recommendation of Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says he hasn't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE and Rosenstein.
The Trump administration circulated Rosenstein's assessment of Comey that evening while justifying the president's decision.
Rosenstein's memo said that “the FBI's reputation and credibility have suffered substantial damage” since 2016.
The memo criticized Comey's handling of the FBI's probe into the private email server Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE used as secretary of State.
Clinton, the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee, has repeatedly cited Comey as a factor in her loss to Trump last November.
Rosenstein reportedly threatened to quit after the White House cast his recommendation as the sole reason for Comey's firing.
President Trump on Thursday in an interview with NBC's Lester Holt said he was going to fire Comey regardless of what the Justice Department recommended.
Justice Department spokesman Ian Prior told the Journal Thursday that reports Rosenstein vowed to quit are untrue without commenting further.
Comey's firing comes amid the FBI's investigation into Russia's meddling in the 2016 race, including possible ties between Moscow and Trump's campaign.
ICEHOGS ANNOUNCE PROMOTIONAL SCHEDULE Tweet 09/16/2015 11:00 AM Article By: Tickets go on sale Thursday, Sept. 17 Rockford, Ill. – With single-game tickets set to go on sale Thursday, Sept. 17, the Rockford IceHogs of the American Hockey League announced their promotional schedule for the 2015-16 season.
The first home game of the IceHogs 2015-16 campaign falls on Saturday, Oct. 17 at the BMO Harris Bank Center. The first 5,000 fans into the building will receive a 2015-16 IceHogs calendar courtesy of Mulligan's Pub and Grill. The IceHogs will close out its first month of the season by giving away magnet schedules to the first 4,000 fans in attendance on Friday, Oct. 23, courtesy of Rise Broadband.
The 2015-16 promotional schedule features several new promotions and includes several traditionally popular giveaways. Bomber hats, courtesy of Pepsi, will be given out to the first 1,500 fans on Saturday, Nov. 7 in conjunction with Military Night. Bud Light and the IceHogs will make beer steins available to the first 1,000 fans 21-and-older on Friday, Dec. 11. BMO Harris Bank will sponsor a sock drive on Friday, Feb. 19 and give away a free pair of socks to the first 2,500 fans. Back by popular demand, the first 2,500 fans on Friday, Jan. 29 will pick up a sock monkey courtesy of Rock Valley Culligan.
The IceHogs will pay tribute to two alumni who won the Stanley Cup as members of the 2015 Chicago Blackhawks in the form of bobbleheads. Teuvo Teravainen's bobblehead will be sponsored by Dental Dimensions on Monday, Dec. 21. Scott Darling's bobblehead will be sponsored by Vienna Beef on Saturday, March 5. Each bobblehead will be given away to the first 2,500 fans in attendance on the corresponding dates.
Several promotions return from seasons past to the 2015-16 schedule. Youth Jersey Night takes place on Wednesday Dec. 30, and the first 1,000 kids 14-and-under will receive an IceHogs youth jersey courtesy of Rockford Orthopedic. On Friday, Jan. 15, Bud Light and the IceHogs will give away 1,000 pom pom winter hats to fans 21-and-older. OSF will sponsor a fleece blanket giveaway to the first 2,500 fans on Friday, Jan. 22 and the first 2,500 fans on Friday, Feb. 5 will receive t-shirts courtesy of Toyota.
The 2015-16 promotional schedule is highlighted by a few fan favorite theme nights. The IceHogs will sport “Ugly Christmas Sweater” jerseys on Friday, Nov. 27 while raising awareness of men's health in conjunction with Brovember. The popular “Pink the Rink” is slated for Saturday, Jan. 26 with proceeds from a jersey auction going towards breast cancer research. The 17th Annual Jersey Auction game is set for Sunday, Mar. 20 with a live auction on the ice following the game. The theme and benefactor will be announced at a later date. The annual Teddy Bear Toss Night is listed for Saturday, Dec. 12.
The following are season-long promotions:
Skate with the Hogs: Fans will have three chances to skate with the IceHogs on the BMO Harris Bank Center ice following the games on Oct. 18, Jan. 3, and Mar. 6.
Winning Weekdays: When the IceHogs win a weekday game, every fan in attendance can redeem their ticket for a free ticket to the next weekday game.
Blues Flame Lounge: Doors will open at 5 p.m. before each Friday home game. Fans 21-and-older are invited to enjoy live blues music, a happy hour special, and free appetizers at the Blue Flame Lounge on the main concourse.
The following is the full promotional schedule:
Date Opponent Promotions (QTY) Sponsor Sat., Oct. 17 Texas IceHogs Calendars (5,000) Fri., Oct. 23 Chicago Magnet Schedules (4,000)
Sat., Nov. 7 Milwaukee Bomber Hats (1,500)
Sun., Nov. 22
Lake Erie Stanley Cup Night
Fri., Nov. 27 Chicago Ugly X-Mas Sweaters
Fri., Dec. 11 Iowa Beer Stein (1,000 adults 21+)
Sat., Dec. 12 Grand Rapids Teddy Bear Toss
Mon., Dec. 21 Milwaukee Teuvo Teravainen Bobblehead (2,500)
Wed., Dec. 30 Chicago Youth Jersey Night (1,000 kids under 14)
Sun., Jan. 3 Milwaukee Trading Cards (2,500)
Tues., Jan. 12 Chicago Papa John's Pizza Slice (1,000)
Fri., Jan. 15 San Jose Pom Pom Winter Hats (1,000 adults 21+)
Sat., Jan. 16 Stockton Pink In The Rink
Fri., Jan. 22 Iowa Fleece Blankets (2,500)
Sat., Jan. 23 Iowa Rockford Hockey Club Night
Fri., Jan. 29 Chicago Sock Monkeys (2,500)
Fri., Feb. 5 Grand Rapids T-Shirts (2,500)
Fri., Feb. 19 Manitoba Socks (2,500)
Sat., Mar. 5 Lake Erie Scott Darling Bobblehead (2,500)
Sat., Mar. 19 Chicago Country Night
Sun., Mar. 20 Charlotte Jersey Auction Night
Sat., Apr. 2 Iowa Garden Gnomes (2,500)
Fri., Apr. 15 Grand Rapids
Beach Towel (1,000)
Sat., Apr. 16 Milwaukee
Fan Appreciation/Picture Giveaway (2,500)
Hulk Hogan Whatcha Gonna Do With 'Racist' Dress Code? DESTROY IT!!
Hulk Hogan -- Whatcha Gonna Do With 'Racist' Dress Code? DESTROY IT!!
EXCLUSIVE
says he's not racist ... and neither is his restaurant ... so he's putting the HURT on a controversial dress code at his Tampa eatery ... that appears to target black people.We talked to Hulk about the sign posted at Hogan's Beach ... barring anyone who wears excessively baggy attire, low-hanging pants, do-rags, bandanas, oversized or excessive jewelry -- all stuff popular with the urban crowd.Hulk -- who doesn't own the eatery but licenses his name to it -- tells us he called the restaurant's managers personally ... and demanded the sign be taken down -- permanently ... and they agreed.Hogan says the dress code was modeled after ones used at Las Vegas and Miami pool parties -- He says it was never meant to be racist, but understands some people take it that way ... so he 86'd it.
If you're reading this at home, pause and put on a song you can't resist dancing to. Go on, bop your head to the beat. Let yourself wiggle a bit. Throw in some arms and legs. If you're reading this at work, maybe imagine these things at your desk.
As you're dancing, pay attention to where and how you're moving. How much are you swaying your hips? Are your legs moving together or independently of each other? How vigorously are you moving your torso?
You should note those movements, because very specific patterns may make some people appear to be better dancers than others. That's the conclusion of a study published on Thursday in Scientific Reports, in which researchers asked 200 people to rate 39 female dancers. A few features stood out as contributing to higher-quality dance: big hip swings, and the right and left limbs moving independently of one another (which the researchers describe as asymmetric arm and thigh movements).
The researchers speculate that those moves serve two purposes for heterosexual women. “One is, they're showing off their reproductive quality, perhaps their hormonal status, to males,” said Nick Neave, an associate professor of psychology at Northumbria University in England and an author of the paper. “Another is, they're showing off how good they are to female rivals.”
New York, SANA- Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said all countries of the world should give priority to fighting terrorism in Syria to prevent terrorist organizations turning into “terrorist governments.”
“Syria is involved in a big war with terrorists and the country's people are facing severe difficulties, including displacement,” Rouhani was quoted as saying in a Friday meeting with his Brazilian counterpart Dilma Rousseff in New York on the sidelines of the annual session of the UN General Assembly.
He warned against weakening the central government in Syria because “toppling” the government would only give more opportunities to terrorists to kill civilians.
“If all the world's countries prioritize the fight against terrorism in Syria, it would be an appropriate way to solve problems and work toward political reforms in this country,” added Rouhani.
The Brazilian President, in turn, echoed Rouhani's remarks, warning that weakening the Syrian government would spread terrorism.
Rousseff said the world has realized that prolonging the war in Syria would strengthen the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
He added that there is no doubt that Syria needs some political reforms, but the priority now in this country should be given to saving the people and solving the issues of refugees and displaced people.
In a relevant context, Iranian President said Iran's relations with Syria will continue, stressing that fighting terrorism should be the priority in the efforts for solving the crisis in Syria.
Today, the main sources of concern are homelessness of the Syrian people, destruction of the country by terrorist groups and killing of the innocent Syrian people by terrorists,” Rouhani said in statements to editors and chief anchors of
the US and international media in New York on Friday on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly meetings.
“Campaign against terrorism is undoubtedly the first priority of Syria. Stability without democracy will not be possible. On the other hand, one cannot speak of democracy and set up a ballot box in the midst of terrorism and war,” he added.
He expressed hope that “a collective solution for Syria will be found out whose result will be an end to terrorism, return of refugees to their country and the process of dialogue among Syrian groups for the future. And we are busy in talks with different countries on the issue.”
The Iranian President said that all countries that can play a positive role in finding a solution to the crisis in Syria should get on board.
H. Zain/ H. Said
Advertisements
Democratic Sen. Phillip Puckett is resigning from the Virginia Legislature.
Courtesy of Phillip Puckett for Senate
When it comes to heaping new kinds of crazy on top of all the old kinds of crazy, there is simply nothing like the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Yesterday the Washington Post reported that Democratic Virginia state Sen. Phillip P. Puckett would resign, allegedly to accept a lucrative new job as deputy director of the state tobacco commission, and to pave the way for his daughter to get a permanent judgeship. Puckett's move flips control of the state Senate over to Republicans, who have been locked in a fight to the death with Gov. Terry McAuliffe over his push to expand Medicaid in the commonwealth. He tendered his formal resignation this morning, to much public outrage over a possible quid pro quo. This afternoon he indicated that he will not be seeking the tobacco commission job after all. (His daughter, as far as I know, will still get her judgeship.)
Until we know more about the deal itself, it's difficult to say much about the legal questions beyond the fact that it stinks pretty badly. Commentators are already using the word bribery, and also bribery, to describe the nature of the arrangement. Here's what we do know: The partisan fight over Medicaid expansion—which would have afforded 400,000 more Virginians access to affordable health care—has turned into a statewide snarling contest over the new state budget, one that may end in a government shutdown if it's not resolved before the start of the commonwealth's new fiscal year on July 1. The Virginia House is controlled by Republicans, who are fighting the Medicaid expansion tooth and nail. Until today the Senate was split 20–20 along party lines with a tie-breaking vote going to the Democratic Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam. Not only does Puckett's departure mean that Democrats lose control of the Senate and possibly the Medicaid fight, he also represents a heavily Republican region that will likely become a permanent GOP seat after the special election to replace him. It has also not gone unobserved that this same heavily Republican region would benefit significantly from the proposed expansion. An estimated 20,000 of Puckett's constituents would be eligible for health coverage under the expansion.
Virginia is one of 24 states that has refused to accept the Medicaid expansion—federal money that would pay for health care coverage for Americans who make too much to qualify for current Medicaid benefits and too little to afford Obamacare. McAuliffe campaigned on a promise to take it, and he has insisted that an expansion must be part of the new budget. Republicans want him to decouple the expansion from the proposed two-year budget. As a result, each side is trading accusations that the other will shut down the government over Medicaid. If both the Senate and the House vote against the expansion, McAuliffe will be forced to veto the budget, at which point the optics will suggest that he's the source of the shutdown. He has also apparently been exploring mechanisms by which he could bypass the Legislature altogether and pass the expansion by executive order. Either way, it won't be pretty for him.
Before Puckett resigned, McAuliffe could have continued to push the expansion with the backing of the Senate. So why did Puckett decide to leave now? According to the Washington Post Puckett did not respond to calls seeking comment about the deal. But “other Republicans denied that Puckett was offered the jobs in exchange for his resignation.” Puckett cited family reasons for stepping down, and the generous reading of the Puckett deal is that he did it to advance his daughter's judicial career. Martha Puckett Ketron is a juvenile and domestic relations district court judge with a temporary appointment that could only be made permanent if her father resigned his seat: The Senate has a policy against appointing the relatives of legislators to the bench. Del. Terry G. Kilgore (R-Scott), chairman of the tobacco commission, put it this way to the Post last night: “It should pave the way for his daughter. … She's a good judge. … I would say that he wanted to make sure his daughter kept her judgeship. A father's going do that.” Maybe. But 20,000 constituents without health care are probably wondering why a legislator is going to do that in order to do that.
I am hardly the first person to point out that the former governor of Illinois, Rod Blagojevich, was indicted for trying to sell Barack Obama's former Senate seat, and on charges of using his position to benefit himself, his family, and his campaign. Right now Virginia is on the edge of its seat as we prepare for the corruption and bribery trial of former Gov. Bob McDonnell and his wife Maureen, who face a 14 count indictment stemming from their acceptance of more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from Jonnie R. Williams Sr., the CEO of Star Scientific. The trial starts July 28. Key questions will include what “bribery” really is and what “quid pro quo” really means. And those are precisely the questions, according to Think Progress' Ian Millhiser, that we should start asking about Phil Puckett as well. As he writes today, “Under Virginia's bribery law, it is a felony for a state lawmaker to “accept[] or agree[] to accept from another … any pecuniary benefit offered, conferred or agreed to be conferred as consideration for or to obtain or influence the recipient's decision, opinion, recommendation, vote or other exercise of discretion as a public servant or party official.”
Early reporting suggests that with the Senate now split 20–19, it is likely to vote against expanding Medicaid, but that isn't a certainty. Three GOP senators had hinted that they would vote for the expansion, in which case Puckett's defection won't necessarily tip the outcome. Still, the threat to the Medicaid expansion is real. Already this morning, Chuck Colgan, a Senate Democrat who is co-chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, suggested that maybe it's time to pass a state budget without expanding Medicaid eligibility and revisit the expansion later, in a special session. This is essentially what state Republicans have been asking for all along. In a contest to see whether Virginia Republicans or McAuliffe would blink first, McAuliffe may have just had an eye taken out.
The revised edition contains a cleaner layout; the content has not changed.
Savage Insider Issue 5: CONventional Gaming is dedicated to convention or one-shot styled adventures. Introducing new players to a system or setting is often done at conventions and via one-shot adventures. This issue provides four adventures of this design with six pre-generated characters each. In addition, there is a bonus fifth adventure without pre-generated characters.
CONventional Gaming is a cross-genre issue with content that covers multiple genres and settings. To coincide with the use of these adventures for conventions, a general interest piece is included with tips for game masters running games at conventions.
CONventional Gaming includes:
Voyage of the Water Dragon pulp adventure
Famine to Feast... For the Beast, For the Beast fantasy horror adventure for Judgment Day
Angel of Darkness cyberpunk adventure for Interface Zero
Breat Moss epic fantasy adventure for Kith'takharos
Canis Lupus modern fantasy horror adventure for Judgment Day
Tunse'al Setting Guide preview
CONventional Advice general interest article about running convention games
And more
Look for new issues of Savage Insider every 3 months in January, April, July, and October with Premium Content releases in-between.
Click on an image to see our other Savage Worlds RPG products
Licensed Settings
Savage Insider Magazine
Universal Supplements
Multi-Setting Bestiaries
Thanks for checking out our other Savage Worlds products
Keep checking back for new and revised Savage Worlds products to be released
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
UEFA have acted to reduce the punishments handed out to CSKA Moscow for the repeated racist behaviour of their fans.
Following another offence from their supporters against AS Roma, the Russian club were ordered to pay a fine of 200,000 euros and play their next three home games in European competition behind closed doors.
But CSKA appealed, and announced on their website on Tuesday that their fine has been halved and supporter ban reduced to two games.
With the match against City counting as the first in the ban, it means supporters will only be locked out of one more European match.
The decision is unlikely to go down well with Blues supporters.
While the meeting between the two sides was officially behind closed doors, a couple of hundred CSKA fans managed to gain access to the stadium, creating a partisan atmosphere inside the ground in support of the home side and leaving City skipper Vincent Kompany seething.
"It is little things like, there aren't meant to be any fans there, but there are still 500 fans there for [CSKA]," he said.
"That isn't a problem, but I don't understand where our fans are. Why can't we bring our fans in?
"The only team being punished here is Manchester City... Little things where I feel we need to speak up sometimes, because it's nonsense. They are the team that got done for racism, not Man City, so why can't our fans come?"
He added: "It leaves a lot of bad feelings. I guess at the moment everyone wants to hear how we think we should have done better and how we feel our performances need to be better in Europe, but I won't play a part in it."
MORE
Original ‘Godzilla' Star Set To Appear In New Reboot
Fans of Godzilla and monster movies in general couldn't help but instantly think of Roland Emmerich's 1998 disasterpiece of a remake when it was revealed that a new reboot was on the way.
But thankfully things appear to be going in the right direction with the reboot as far as casting is concerned, and the latest actor to be confirmed for the movie brings with them some positive vibes that the reboot will be very faithful to the original Godzilla movie, titled Gojira.
Legendary Pictures has released a new image via the Twitter of reboot director Gareth Edwards and Akira Takarada, one of the stars of the 1954 original movie.
Takarada played Hideto Ogata in the original movie, and has appeared in numerous Godzilla flicks since then.
He joins a cast that includes Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Elizabeth Olsen, Bryan Cranston, Ken Watanabe, Juliette Binoche, and David Strathairn.
Godzilla is currently set for a May 16, 2014 release date.
Soon after Dana Griffin-Graves and her husband got married 17 years ago, they began trying to have a child. Although she and her husband Arkell Graves had "everything planned," they encountered challenge after challenge.
Griffin-Graves told Buzzfeed that she delivered one stillborn baby at six months and had four miscarriages. Eventually, the Virginia couple gave up "on the idea of having babies of our own."
"It was definitely a struggle. A roller coaster with emotions going back and forth. I got to the point where I was you know what, I want to stop trying," Griffin-Graves told WRIC-TV.
Imagine her surprise when she learned she was five months pregnant during a recent doctor's visit.
"I was ecstatic," she told Buzzfeed. "We hadn't planned anything, we weren't trying."
Griffin-Graves decided to surprise her husband with the news. In the video above, watch what happens when the dad-to-be opens the oven door in the couple's kitchen only to find a package of buns (and an ultrasound) in there -- his wife's witty way of making the big announcement.
Graves appears momentarily dumbfounded by the oven's contents, but soon the news sinks in.
"You're pregnant! You're pregnant!" he said as he burst into tears.
Graves told WRIC that those were "tears of joy."
"I've never been that excited before in my life," he said.
Griffin-Graves says she was surprised by her husband's response to the news.
"His reaction was just priceless. I wasn't expecting that at all," she told WRIC. "I knew that he would probably be emotional but I definitely was not expecting the reaction I received."
The video of the surprise baby announcement has gone viral this week, racking up more than 1.2 million views to date.
Griffin-Graves is due in February.
Also on HuffPost:
Management at Eircom, Ireland's biggest telecoms group, is planning to rebrand the company, some 16 years after it took on its current name.
The company is expected to give some details of its intentions when it publishes its fourth quarter and full-year results on Tuesday, although it is not expected to reveal its new identity.
Eircom isn't the only technology/telecoms group in Ireland looking at such a move. UPC Ireland announced yesterday it would use the Virgin Media brand as a “platform for further growth and enhanced delivery of great customer experiences”.
According to sources, Eircom has established a team to look at rebranding the group, which includes mobile-phone operators Meteor and e-Mobile. The company is believed to be at the midpoint in terms of its preparations to rebrand.
Retain
The group was known as Telecom Éireann until September 1999, when it changed its name to Eircom. This followed its stock market IPO in August of that year by the State.
Eircom has been through the mill, with six changes of ownership over the 16 years. It was also the subject of the country's biggest corporate examinership in 2012, having accumulated gross debts of €4 billion.
It is now controlled by private-equity owners, notably global group Blackstone.
Having restructured its operations significantly in the past few years, Eircom is now deemed to be on a sounder footing financially. It is investing €400 million in the rollout of high-speed fibre across the country, allowing it to offer faster broadband speeds and next-generation media services to about 1.9 million customers.
However, the current brand is deemed to be in need of a refresh to reflect a new air of confidence at the company and the evolving nature of its services. Experts suggest brands typically have a 15- to 20-year lifespan, particularly in fast-evolving sectors like telecoms.
No comment was available from Eircom yesterday on its branding plans.
Big investment
UPC is owned by Colorado-based Liberty Global, which acquired the Virgin Media group in the UK, in 2013. UPC Ireland became part of Liberty's UK subsidiary in December 2014, and the plan is to use the Virgin name in both markets.
Commenting on the decision to rebrand in Ireland Virgin Media chief executive Tom Mockridge said: “Everyone at Liberty Global is immensely proud of what the team at UPC Ireland has achieved, particularly the significant growth the business has delivered. Now, it's time for a step-change. We have some exciting plans in the pipeline to boost competition for consumers, which we will announce in due course.”
Richard Branson, founder of the Virgin Group, said he was “delighted” to bring the Virgin brand to Ireland. Mr Branson retains control of the Virgin name in spite of having sold the UK business to Liberty Global.
“Building on the strong platform in Ireland, I know we will do great things together with Liberty Global and shake up the Irish market even further,” Mr Branson said.
UPC said all of its operations, products and services would move to the new Virgin Media brand in “due course”.
Major League Soccer has announced its plans for the next round of expansion, with the process, timeline, and expansion fee detailed by MLS commissioner Don Garber.
"There is tremendous interest in professional soccer across the United States and Canada," commissioner Garber said. "Since announcing plans to expand to 28 clubs late last year, many potential ownership groups have contacted us, and numerous public officials have stated their desire to bring an MLS expansion team to their city.
"We look forward to reviewing expansion applications in the coming months and conducting formal meetings in 2017 with possible team owners."
At present, there are 22 teams in the league, including Minnesota United and Atlanta United, which will start play next season. Los Angeles FC will start play in 2018, while expansion plans in Miami are "making progress" according to MLS, which would bring the total to 24 teams.
The plans outline the process for adding teams 25 through 28. Prospective cities will need to submit applications by Jan. 31, 2017.
Following a review of each prospective market, which will take place in the first six months of 2017, teams 25 and 26 will be selected during the second or third quarter of 2017.
The teams selected will be expected to begin play in 2020, and the expansion fee for those teams is $150 million. As a point of comparison, Toronto FC's expansion fee ahead of its inaugural season back in 2007 was $10 million.
That $150 million is just the start of what is expected to be a sizable investment by an ownership group. When stadium plans, development of training facilities, youth academy infrastructure, and players and team staff are included, the total investment is expected to exceed $300 million.
The timeline for teams 27 and 28 will be determined at a later date, as will the expansion fee for those teams.
As has long been the case, the applicants will be judged on three main criteria: having a committed local ownership, a market with a long history of fan support in a desirable geographic location capable of attracting sponsors and television partners, and a comprehensive stadium plan.
At this time, ownership groups from 10 markets have expressed interest in acquiring an MLS expansion franchise. They are: Charlotte, Cincinnati, Detroit, Nashville, Raleigh/Durham, Sacramento, St. Louis, San Antonio, San Diego and Tampa/St. Petersburg.
Out of those 10, Sacramento and St. Louis appear to be the furthest along in satisfying the league's criteria, but more will be known in the coming months.
The evaluation of the candidates will be led by the league's expansion committee, which consists of five owners: the New England Revolution's Jonathan Kraft, the Chicago Fire's Andrew Hauptman, Columbus Crew SC's Anthony Precourt, Orlando City's Phil Rawlins, and the Philadelphia Union's Jay Sugarman.
Jeff Carlisle covers MLS and the U.S. national team for ESPN FC. Follow him on Twitter @JeffreyCarlisle.
A Burbank jury on Thursday held Los Angeles County liable for almost $770,000, blaming one of its road crews for causing a head-on collision between two motorcycles that left an elderly man with spinal fractures.
Sean Herendeen, 28, lost control of his motorcycle just before 10 a.m. Oct. 30, 2011 after encountering loose gravel left behind by a county Department of Public Works road crew on Little Tujunga Road.
The debris was from shoulder construction project completed 10 days earlier, near the main entrance to the Wildlife Waystation.
Herendeen's motorcycle slid out from underneath him, crossed the double yellow line into the other side of the road, and hit another motorcycle, ridden by Michael Radner, then 71.
“He suffered fractures in his thoracic spine at three levels,” Radner's attorney Daniel Sheldon said. “Doctors said he was half-an-inch away from being paralyzed, but he did suffer a severe back injury that's still bothering him to this day.”
The month-long trial, overseen by Judge William Stewart, concluded with a jury finding the county “100 percent responsible for causing the wreck,” Sheldon said.
The jury awarded $123,000 to Radner for past and future medical expenses, and $640,000 for past and future pain and suffering.
“We think the verdict was fair in comparison to the extreme harm that was caused to Mr. Radner,” Sheldon said. “The injury affects more or less every aspect of his daily living — he's in constant pain.”
Radner also sued Herendeen, but the jury exonerated him after he showed photos of the accident site, Sheldon said.
“The jury looked at the photos taken by Mr. Herendeen and concluded that it depicted a significant amount of loose gravel on the roadway surface, and that the county road crew negligently created that condition.”
The county had contracted a private law firm to litigate the case on its behalf. Tom Gutteres and Desiri Schultz of Collins, Collins, Muir & Stewart represented the county, but could not immediately be reached for comment.
On the night before the election, Pete Hoekstra stood onstage at a Michigan convention center, introducing the lineup of speakers at Donald Trump's final rally of the campaign.
The former congressman welcomed a professor to the podium for the Pledge of Allegiance, then a GOP county chair. But the next speaker required something of a caveat.
“She's got a special name,” he acknowledged. “Some of you may be surprised. But we love her. Ronna” — his voice dropped conspiratorially — “Romney” — it rose again — “McDaniel.”
Out strode the then-chair of the Michigan GOP, who demanded of the rowdy crowd, “Are you ready to talk to your friends and your family, so we can make America great again?”
McDaniel, now the newly elected chair of the Republican National Committee, knows something about talking Trump with family. She publicly bucked her own famous family members — particularly Uncle Mitt — and much of the Michigan old guard with her early and enthusiastic backing of Trump, embracing the grass-roots energy that fueled his campaign while attempting to corral support from the skeptical GOP establishment.
Ronna Romney McDaniel is the second female chair of the Republican National Committee in history
In her first major interview with a national print news organization as RNC chair, she addressed her challenge of balancing a Trump-adoring grass roots that is more loyal to him than to the Republican brand with the more traditional GOP establishment, whose support, money and talent she will need to hold on to the party's congressional majorities in 2018.
“We have to keep this new coalition of Trump voters engaged. And they represent Democrats, more independents and people who hadn't voted for a long time because they lost their faith in government,” she said in an interview with McClatchy.
The first step is to highlight economic promises on which Trump is delivering — like pulling out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
“We've got to help share that message with those voters and then turn them into Republicans, so they support candidates aside from President Trump,” she said. “That's going to be something we're going to be focusing on the next two years.”
As she works toward that goal while attempting to re-engage Trump-skeptical suburban Republicans by stressing economic issues and the Supreme Court, the broader GOP effort will get a boost from Trump himself: “President Trump has committed that he is going to work to elect Republicans across the board in the midterms. He's supportive of the RNC,” she said.
Amid preparation for the midterms and planning for 2020, the test for any RNC chair is “always trying to keep people feeling united, even when they disagree,” said Jennifer Horn, a former New Hampshire GOP chair who has worked with McDaniel and is a fan. “There's the good and the bad, and her job is going to be to keep the party growing in the same direction regardless.”
A family balancing act
McDaniel, the second female RNC chair in history, has had a foothold in both the grass roots and the establishment camps of the GOP from her earliest days in Republican politics.
She grew up next door to her grandfather, the late George Romney, a former governor of Michigan and a giant in Michigan GOP circles who made the Romney name synonymous with “establishment.” At a recent dinner at Sonoma, a trendy wine bar and restaurant on Capitol Hill, McDaniel regaled RNC members with stories about her grandfather, and the lessons he'd taught her about fiscal responsibility and love of country.
But McDaniel, 43, has also been shaped by the more populist politics of her mother, Ronna Romney, who worked as a conservative talk-radio host and twice ran for the Senate unsuccessfully. During her 1994 primary effort, Ronna Romney was mentioned in the same stories as firebrand radio host Rush Limbaugh, and she told The New York Times that “I am the voice of the frustrated American.”
“There are some people who consider Ronna Romney senior the original tea party person in Michigan,” said Stu Sandler, a longtime GOP operative in Michigan who has worked with McDaniel. “Ronna Romney senior — very conservative, very outsider, really considered the anti-establishment, and it got Ronna junior a lot of support when she ran for state chair. The first time people remembered her mother, saw her daughter's political beliefs, they said, ‘This is a new generation of conservative leadership.' ”
My Uncle Mitt and I felt a little different about this election, and we spoke about that privately, but it's family and not all families agree in politics. Ronna Romney McDaniel
McDaniel, whom some longtime Michigan politicos still remember as “Little Ronna,” served as her mother's driver during that 1994 campaign — her first job in politics. The race divided the Romney clan: Ronna Romney was supported by Mitt Romney but did not receive the endorsement of George Romney, who at that point was her ex-father-in-law (he cited previous commitments to her opponent, Spencer Abraham, who later won).
McDaniel named both her mother and her grandfather as her political influences in a 2015 interview, though she dismissed the idea that there were significant ideological differences between the two in her interview with McClatchy.
She downplayed those differences as they might relate to herself too. “I'm a Republican; I'd say I'm a conservative Republican. My job as RNC chair is to elect Republicans all across this country.”
McDaniel, who is Mormon, graduated from Brigham Young University and worked for a time at a Washington-area political media firm before settling in suburban Detroit with her husband, insurance executive Patrick McDaniel, and their two young children.
She rose to political prominence in 2012, when she spearheaded a “Women for Mitt” effort on her uncle's behalf in Michigan. From there, McDaniel's political career took off: She was elected Michigan Republican national committeewoman in 2014, and in 2015 she won the state party chairmanship. She developed a reputation for getting along well with the donor class while prioritizing engagement of the conservative grass roots.
McDaniel is personable, fair-minded and hardworking, say people who have dealt with her. She is also deeply loyal to the party — a commitment that was put under severe strain by Donald Trump.
The Trump test
McDaniel, like other party chairs, was neutral in the GOP primary. But she quickly understood Trump's potential in Michigan, even as her uncle became one of the country's foremost Trump critics. As Mitt Romney was calling Trump a “fraud” and a “phony,” McDaniel was preparing for a major push to unite her party around the GOP nominee.
“She spent a lot of time with the donor community, which was not very excited, initially, for President Trump,” said Greg McNeilly, a Michigan GOP operative who has advised McDaniel.
Many of them, who had been devoted Mitt Romney supporters, agreed with his assessment of the bombastic presidential candidate. McDaniel heard them out.
“A lot of it was patiently just letting them vent, and then as they would get that out of the system, she would start to point out things he was doing or saying that they'd agree with, or policies he was adopting that were in line with their views,” McNeilly said. “It was a very tailored approach. She must have worked to convert hundreds of donors and key activists to at least being neutral.”
She tapped a network of Michigan GOP power brokers who were out of reach for the scrappy, grass-roots-oriented Trump acolytes focused on the blue-collar voters who had few ties to the Republican Party.
“Being a Romney, being involved in Romney's presidential campaign, being related to some of these people, her experience and connections were very, very helpful,” said Scott Hagerstrom, who was Trump's Michigan state director.
By virtue of being a Romney, she also faced — and still faces, to some extent — skepticism from Trump loyalists over her commitment to helping him and his movement. Yet toward the end of the campaign, McDaniel made clear that she had run out of patience with party officials who were still voicing opposition to Trump: She ousted Wendy Day, a grass-roots vice chair of the state GOP and an outspoken Trump critic.
“There were a lot of people that were looking to her, because of her family name, to see how she would handle a situation like that; would she be weak on it,” said Katie Packer, Mitt Romney's 2012 deputy campaign manager, who has deep ties to Michigan and was herself a strong Trump critic but a big fan of McDaniel's. “She was very, very committed to Trump as the nominee of the party.”
It wasn't always easy.
“Family means a lot to her, and I know she took pressure from her family,” said Hoekstra, adding, “She didn't dwell on it, it was kind of like . . . ‘No bitterness, but hey, on this one, in my family we've got a split. I've got a job to do; I'm going to go do it.' ”
Asked about those disagreements, McDaniel replied, “My Uncle Mitt and I felt a little different about this election, and we spoke about that privately, but it's family and not all families agree in politics. I think that's pretty normal and something a lot of people can relate to, especially this election.”
Ronna is very much her own person. Katie Packer, Mitt Romney's 2012 deputy campaign manager
Mitt Romney was also among the first to email McDaniel with congratulations and offers to help however he could after she accepted the RNC job, she said. Asked how he could do that, she replied, “All Republicans in our party, anyone who's held a nomination or been leaders in the party, can help us elect Republicans across this country, campaign, be a surrogate, help share our message.”
During the campaign, however, the stress of that dynamic sometimes spilled out into the open, as Trump supporters vilified Mitt Romney for his harsh criticisms of the candidate.
At the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Michigan's delegation was asked to hold back on casting its votes for Trump in order to allow New York, Trump's home state, to put him over the top in the delegate total. When it appeared that only Michigan had been asked to stand down, McDaniel said, in earshot of reporters, “It feels like a Romney thing.”
She later retracted the remark, but she emphasized her maiden name when she ultimately cast Michigan's votes: “My name is Ronna Romney McDaniel, chairman of the Michigan Republican Party,” she said as she cast the bulk of her state's votes for Trump.
Building the Ronna brand
In Washington these days, she more often goes simply by Ronna McDaniel. The RNC news release announcing her new position did not reference “Romney.” Emails and letters that she has circulated in Republican circles are often signed “Ronna McDaniel,” a break from the political brand she established in Michigan (The names are “interchangeable,” she said. “Everyone can just call me Ronna.”).
But she has an opportunity now to build a new brand, because she was relatively unknown to many on the Republican National Committee as she started her chairmanship this year.
Rob Gleason, who served for a decade as the chairman of the Pennsylvania Republican Party before stepping down after the election, noted that McDaniel has served for only a short stretch of time on the national committee.
“In that period of time, I didn't get to know her. A lot of people don't know her,” he said.
McDaniel has several big things going for her, however, as she seeks to win over the trust and confidence of these influential Republican activists.
They know she helped oversee Trump's Michigan win, the first victory by a Republican presidential candidate in that state since 1988. She has already proved to be a strong fundraiser. And most importantly, she has the backing of White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, the former RNC chair who is near-universally beloved by the 168 members of the committee.
She will need full RNC support heading into several intense years, as she works to keep Republican majorities in the 2018 midterm elections and to ready the party for the 2020 presidential re-election campaign.
She very naturally connects with a lot of people who we need to get and keep on board. Henry Barbour, GOP national committeeman, Mississippi
As part of that effort, several people who have spoken with her say she is aware of the need to re-engage those Republicans who followed in her uncle's footsteps and did not vote for Trump.
Pressed for specifics about how to do that, she suggested Republicans should be highlighting developments like Trump's nomination of conservative Neil Gorsuch to be a Supreme Court justice, as well as Trump's efforts to roll back regulations and kick-start the Keystone XL Pipeline.
She added that continued investments in the RNC ground game will help officials communicate about consensus Republican achievements in Washington to moderate, affluent Republicans around the country —the same approach she took to Trump skeptics in Michigan.
“I'm a suburban mom. I grew up in Oakland County, Michigan. These are people I know well; this is my community,” she said, adding that she has seen more of them warm to Trump since his election.
Henry Barbour, the influential Republican national committeeman from Mississippi, said McDaniel was in a good position to make the case to moderate suburban voters as well as to the Rust Belt Trump supporters who backed the president but didn't typically vote Republican.
“She very naturally connects with a lot of people who we need to get and keep on board,” he said. “Those are people in the Midwest, and I think those are suburbanite-type voters.”
For McDaniel, it's the latest balancing act in a political life full of them. And in Washington, away from the legacies and reputations of the rest of her famous family, she'll be handling this one on her own.
“Ronna is very much her own person,” Packer said. “She's close with her family — she loves her family — she's got her own values and own mind. She is just her own person.”
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this article gave the wrong title for Katie Packer, who was Mitt Romney's 2012 deputy campaign manager.
The coolest kids in 1986 had tight-rolled pant cuffs. Of course, I was one of those cool kids. From what I can remember, tight-rolling hit the St. Petersburg, Fl area in about 1986, and remained a fashion trend until about 1990.
Many have speculated just where the fad started. I believe it came from the boy-band craze surrounding “New Kids on the Block.”
Below, I have demonstrated the steps in properly tight rolling your trousers. Some kids back in the day used safety pins to hold the rolls in place, but that was a definite amateur way to do it. A properly tight-rolled pant leg would at least withstand the rigors of your first and second period classes before needing a refresh.
I also notice that the Old Navy pants I am wearing in the pictures were not made for tight rolling.
The best “pegged” cuffs were achieved on Levi's 501 button-fly jeans, and Bugle Boy khakis. Some may also remember the Bugle Boy pants that revealed a little design on the underside of the pants, so when you tight-rolled them, you'd reveal a paisley pattern on the rollup.
Start by pulling the cuff out completely.
Next, fold over as far as possible without cutting off the circulation. If you have "cankles," tight rolling is not possible.
Roll cuffs up twice. Notice how the crease extends all the way up to the knee. This is important to achieve the proper "pegged" look.
Next, lose the socks! No respectable 80s kids wore socks! LOL
The finished look is clean, neat and cool.
Thanks to fellow blogger and friend Bryan Seddon for acting as photographer for this post. You can see Bryan's blog here.
Please share with me some of your memories about "pegging" your pants? Ladies, did you tight roll too?...I cannot remember.
Alright peeps… I'm currently listening to some music from a producer who could honestly be the next big thing! Those are some pretty big words but honestly, give this kid a listen and I think you'll agree! I guess these remixes technically qualify as dubstep or drumstep but honestly they are so chopped and screwed that they could pass for glitch hop. That's just semantics at the end of the day… What's most important is that these tracks make me wanna jump around!
I think these tracks I'm posting are a little on the rough side (just some constructive criticism) and need some final touches from a more seasoned pro, but seriously – for a 17 year old kid, the foundational work in these remixes is TIGHT.
Avicii – Levels (TYR Remix) [download]
Skrillex – Kyoto (feat Sirah) (TYR Remix) [download]
Show this young buck some support and follow his Soundcloud and like his Facebook!
I started this website in 2009 as a means of sharing my EDM findings with my friends. Since then, the website has experienced an explosion in growth that I never once imagined. This excitement and growth inspires me to make ElectroJams the #1 source for new electronic music.
Last week, BusinessofCollegeSports.com showed readers just how many schools spend on recruiting. The following is a list of the top-50 spenders in terms of total recruiting expenses for both men's and women's sports. We'll list numbers 50-100 tomorrow!
School Conference Total Recruitment Expenses Men's Recruitment Expenses Women's Recruitment Expenses 1. Tennessee SEC $2,296,023 $1,878,771 $417,252 2. Auburn SEC $2,117,645 $1,530,917 $586,728 3. Notre Dame Big East $2,070,316 $1,612,608 $457,708 4. Alabama SEC $1,694,202 $1,339,537 $354,665 5. Georgia SEC $1,540,743 $1,039,220 $501,523 6. Florida SEC $1,501,899 $1,065,716 $436,183 7. Georgia Tech ACC $1,489,599 $1,173,904 $315,695 8. Arkansas SEC $1,480,557 $1,060,500 $420,057 9. Michigan Big Ten $1,480,357 $1,039,948 $440,409 10. Texas Big 12 $1,470,389 $989,370 $481,019 11. Marquette Big East $1,461,373 $1,289,560 $171,813 12. Kansas Big 12 $1,454,154 $1,033,618 $420,536 13. North Carolina ACC $1,337,338 $949,396 $387,942 14. Illinois Big Ten $1,328,931 $962,345 $366,586 15. Duke ACC $1,313,378 $967,282 $346,096 16. Oklahoma Big 12 $1,263,567 $837,890 $425,677 17. Kentucky SEC $1,260,065 $865,254 $394,811 18. Oregon Pac-12 $1,235,968 $922,653 $313,315 19. Nebraska Big Ten $1,234,097 $888,165 $345,932 20. Texas Tech Big 12 $1,184,799 $892,436 $292,363 21. Florida State ACC $1,156,982 $749,499 $407,483 22. Baylor Big 12 $1,138,946 $755,226 $383,720 23. Ohio State Big Ten $1,134,013 $782,735 $351,278 24. Minnesota Big Ten $1,130,963 $741,471 $389,492 25. Louisville Big East $1,128,645 $786,574 $342,071 26. Penn State Big Ten $1,128,129 $681,284 $446,845 27. Washington Pac-12 $1,089,582 $776,098 $313,484 28. Arizona Pac-12 $1,080,250 $733,394 $346,856 29. Stanford Pac-12 $1,079,437 $771,567 $307,870 30. Clemson ACC $1,069,565 $796,648 $272,917 31. North Carolina State ACC $1,069,192 $722,995 $346,197 32. Vanderbilt SEC $1,068,482 $792,574 $275,908 33. Virginia ACC $1,045,893 $730,358 $315,535 34. Syracuse Big East $1,045,212 $655,055 $390,157 35. Iowa State Big 12 $1,022,016 $769,272 $252,744 36. UCLA Pac-12 $993,663 $711,415 $282,248 37. USC Pac-12 $992,414 $680,645 $311,769 38. Ole Miss SEC $982,959 $694,038 $288,921 39. Virginia Tech ACC $981,067 $650,651 $330,416 40. Memphis Conference USA $961,150 $759,844 $201,306 41. Purdue Big Ten $954,543 $684,920 $269,623 42. Michigan State Big Ten $941,157 $653,640 $287,517 43. Iowa Big Ten $931,989 $592,776 $339,213 44. LSU SEC $927,990 $574,182 $353,808 45. California Pac-12 $919,410 $630,158 $289,252 46. Indiana Big Ten $899,047 $558,442 $340,605 47. Miami ACC $897,271 $591,872 $305,399 48. Colorado Pac-12 $885,421 $633,190 $252,231 49. Kansas State Big 12 $882,902 $648,599 $234,303 50. Missouri Big 12 $861,859 $621,949 $239,910
Share this: Share
Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pocket
Google
Reddit
Before this slump becomes a crisis, the Broncos need Peyton Manning to be a leader first and a quarterback second.
His NFL team is in trouble. Yes, the record is 7-3, but it feels as if the Broncos are at a crossroads, laboring under “Super Bowl or bust” expectations, with a berth in the AFC playoffs no longer an absolute guarantee. To get Denver out of this mess, the beautiful mind of Manning can't help him now. It's a matter of guts.
“Your sense of urgency has to increase and realizing that there aren't many games left. And we better get on it, better get going. Need to play better. I need to play better,” Manning said Wednesday.
At a critical juncture for the Broncos, with their status as Super Bowl favorites swirling down the drain, their coach sitting on a hot seat and the hogs in their offensive line dissed for being softer than apple sauce, it's not the arm of Manning that can save Denver now. It's his heart.
Manning returned to football after four neck surgeries and the even crueler cut of being fired by the Indianapolis Colts. So the toughness of the reigning league MVP is not in question.
Manning, however, made his reputation on Star Wars numbers (521 career touchdown passes) rather than by spitting into the wind, pumping a fist or rallying the troops. In disheartening losses at New England and St. Louis in recent weeks, the cameras often found Manning stuck wearing a frown on the sideline.
To finish strong in the six remaining games of the regular season, what these hurting Broncos need from Manning is not gaudy statistics but a strong shoulder to lean on.
The Denver offense has lost its mojo, its identity and its continuity. The Broncos are so desperate for answers on the offensive line that they have a guard (Louis Vasquez) playing tackle and a tackle (Orlando Franklin) playing guard. Does that make any sense? Or have the Broncos outfoxed themselves? With Manning yammering faster than a telemarketer at the line of scrimmage, new center Will Montgomery might not know which way is up let alone which linebacker is the Mike.
“I know his head's probably spinning at times, but I think he's done a heck of a job,” Manning said.
So here is a humble suggestion: The Broncos need to quit treating offensive football as if it's quantum physics. Get back to basics. Call the play. Snap the football. And execute. If offensive coordinator Adam Gase wants to show how smart he is, go be a contestant on “Jeopardy!” But, for now, quit worrying so dang much about outthinking the defense and concentrate instead on gaining 4 yards to move the chains.
Might simpler be better in the offensive game plan, at least until the Denver coaching staff stops playing musical chairs with blockers all the way down the line?
“I think that's a valid point,” Manning said. “I think (Gase) has realized that and has done that. The plays we're running are plays everybody should know, regardless of if you've been a starter since minicamp or you are in a new spot. The game moves so fast that we're trying to give those guys a chance to play and not think a lot.”
The Broncos, with Manning at the controls, are the most cerebral team in the NFL.
Football, however, is a down-and-dirty sport. Nobody is better at teaching the game than Manning. But now it's a question of whether Manning can get teammates to bury their self-doubt and run through a brick wall with him. Beyond all the physical gifts, know what made John Elway great as a quarterback? Fire in the belly.
“I don't think we've not been playing with fire,” said Manning, thinking logically, dissecting a football problem as if it were an algebraic equation, as he always does. “I thought offensively, it wasn't a lack of fire (that resulted in seven points against St. Louis), it was just a lack of execution, and that starts with me. Just have to play better. I certainly think there is plenty of fire there. But you have to have more than that. You have to have better fundamentals at quarterback and better decision-making.”
Manning burns with a passion to win. But the fundamental truth about the Broncos is when they get punched in the mouth, this team does not fight back.
The riddle for one of the smartest quarterbacks who ever lived: How does Manning light a spark under the Broncos before the championship fire goes out?
Mark Kiszla: mkiszla@denverpost.com or twitter.com/markkiszla
Image copyright Twitter/ Lizard Squad Image caption The group behind the attack uses a lizard wearing a monocle and smoking a pipe as its identifying logo
A UK man has been arrested as part of an investigation into denial-of-service attacks on Sony Playstation and Xbox systems over Christmas.
The 18-year-old was arrested at an address in Southport, near Liverpool.
He is accused of unauthorised access to computer material and knowingly providing false information to law enforcement agencies in the US.
The investigation was a joint operation between UK cybercrime units and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).
Microsoft and Sony were attacked on Christmas Day, making it difficult for users to log on. The distributed-denial-of-service attack - which floods servers causing them to stop working - caused major disruptions.
'Swatting'
The arrest was part of a joint operation between officers from the South East Regional Organised Crime Unit (Serocu) and the North West Regional Crime Unit (Rocu), supported by the National Cyber Crime Unit (NCCU).
Craig Jones, head of the Cyber Crime Unit at Serocu said: "This investigation is a good example of joint law enforcement co-operation in relation to a type of criminality that is not restricted by any geographical boundaries.
"We are still at the early stages of the investigation and there is still much work to be done. We will continue to work closely with the FBI to identify those who commit offences and hold them to account."
He explained more about one of the charges, known as swatting.
"Offences referred to as 'swatting' involve law enforcement forces in the United States receiving hoax calls via Skype for a major incident in which Swat teams were dispatched."
Peter Goodman, national policing lead for cybersecurity at the Association of Police Officers (Acpo), added: "This is a significant arrest... of a UK citizen suspected of engaging in serious and organised cybercrime on the national and international stage."
A hacking group called Lizard Squad said it carried out the attacks which caused major disruption to the gaming platforms at one of the busiest times of the year.
The Vancouver Whitecaps are a club every season that many around MLS expect to challenge for every competition they are in. Despite high expectations, there hasn't been a ton to cheer for in recent years, unfortunately enough. But with some major improvements in attacking depth, some solid defensive additions, and the high likelihood of Ousted re-finding his form of 2014 and 2015 the Whitecaps' fortunes might just be on the upswing come the start of the 2017 MLS Season.
Three Questions for the 2017 Vancouver Whitecaps Season
With the campaign already underway for Vancouver, albeit not in Major League Soccer, expectations are already high for the 2017 season. With players like Kekuta Manneh healthy up top, complimented by the likes of Yordy Reyna (not quite yet), Fredy Montero, and Alphonso Davies, the excitement is understandable.
Will Montero and Reyna be the Difference?
Fredy Montero was an absolutely fantastic signing for Vancouver, of this there is no doubt. A player with a proven history of scoring goals, even though it was for the ‘Caps rivals just south of the border, is something that brings high expectations for the season and makes it hard to curb hopes of a season with playoff soccer. On top of that, Montero is coming back from big money moves where he justified his price tags in Portugal and China, meaning there should be no reason to doubt that he can make an instant impact in British Columbia.
We signed some guy named Fredy Montero. You may have heard. If not, here's all of our content in one spot: https://t.co/iWXjOm6j5y #VWFC — Farhan Devji (@farhandevji) February 18, 2017
As for Reyna, he's a bit of a different story than Montero. Reyna is a young, athletic, and exciting new name on the roster that is more than likely going to be playing up top alongside Montero, pushing Manneh back to his preferred left wing position, when he's back from his recent surgery that is. Reyna made his name at his first professional club Alianza Lima, where he made his first appearance in a senior team. After his success there he went on to sign for Red Bull Salzburg, and had a relatively prosperous European career over the last four years.
The combination of Montero and Reyna up top, accompanied with the fact that Manneh showed he could play in the center forward/central attacking midfield role in pre-season, means the depth up top is exponentially better than it has been in recent history. This is all without taking into account that the ‘Caps still have Davies as well, a homegrown player that everyone is rightly excited about. All of these exciting attacking options and combinations could very well be the reason the playoffs are a realistic vision in the not so far off future.
However, with Reyna being out for the foreseeable future after having foot surgery, Manneh might very well be called upon to play in behind Montero. Manneh showed that he was quite capable of playing that role during the pre-season in Wales, so this is really nothing to worry about. The combination of Manneh and Montero should make for a good one, and with guys like Hurtado as well, there is plenty enough depth to cover up for the missing Reyna. And when he makes his return, the depth and dynamic attacking should be enough to avoid another second half of the season scoring slump like the ‘Caps experienced in 2016.
What Will Erik Hurtado and Brek Shea Bring?
Erik Hurtado is nothing short of an interesting figure in Vancouver. He is consistently in the right spot to create opportunities, is quite athletic, and sees the field well. He has all the tools to be successful, but consistency has been a major issue with the American-born forward.
Over the course of his career Hurtado has shown flashes of brilliance, but only has seven goals and seven assists in 78 appearances in MLS play to show for it. This isn't the goal production you'd hope for from him, but he can still play an important role in the depth of the attacking corps for the ‘Caps. His speed, quickness, and dynamic runs on the pitch will prove to be pivotal coming off the bench this season. The question is, can he produce goals commensurate to his abilities?
Brek Shea is a totally different story to that of Hurtado. Not only is Shea a veteran of both MLS, but he's made 34 appearances for the USMNT as well. His 149 games of experience in MLS, with 22 goals and 22 assists in that time, will prove very helpful over the course of a long and arduous season.
Another important point to make about Shea is his versatility. Not only does he play in the midfield, but he has the ability to play up top when needed, and even has been reliable at fullback.
Despite Shea falling out of favour with Orlando City, that shouldn't be cause for concern. Shea will slot in nicely to add more depth to an ever-improving attacking front for the ‘Caps. And with Reyna out, the signing of Shea could very well mean that Manneh can move up to accompany Montero up top, with Shea slotting in at his favoured left midfield position. The depth is truly something to behold when comparing it to past seasons.
It's safe to say that Carl Robinson and the ‘Caps ownership have no interest in anything but challenging throughout the season, and likely into the playoffs. The additions of the likes of Montero, Reyna, and Shea have made that blatantly obvious.
Will the Defense and Ousted Hold Up Their End of the Bargain?
This almost seems like it could be a rhetorical question when looking at the returning back line of Kendall Waston, Tim Parker, Jordan Harvey, and Marcel de Jong. When you take into account that the club added the likes of Sheanon Williams, a reliable MLS veteran, and 2017 MLS Superdraft selection Jake Nerwinski, it's hard to think the back line will be anything short of staunch, even against the best of offenses.
Waston and Parker make up a center back duo that leave little to be desired, and with some added depth at the fullback position, the ‘Caps are arguably among the strongest of back lines in the league on paper. If the back line can perform like they have in the past, and the new attacking options put up some consistent pressure, the 2017 season could make for a much better stat line than the 52 goals allowed by Vancouver in 2016.
Just behind the back line is a well-founded keeper of top quality. Ousted is well-known as being one of the best goalkeepers in Major League Soccer when he, and the men in front of him, is in form. However, the 2016 season was as generous to Ousted as it was to the Whitecaps in general. It was obvious throughout the season that Ousted still had the quality, and still does, to be one of the best goalies in the league, but everything seemed to go wrong at all the worst times.
The 2016 season was the worst of the three full seasons Ousted has spent in MLS in many respects. He allowed the most goals (52) and had the least amount of wins (10) in his three seasons since joining Vancouver. But for the man who was a finalist for MLS Goalkeeper of the Year in 2015, this was a learning lesson. Many people, both inside and outside of the club, expect Ousted to bounce back this season and show his true quality. With the added depth of the men directly in front of him, there is every reason to believe that Ousted will re-find his form he had in both 2014 and 2015.
Even that relationship is being redefined, as the American military undergoes the complex process of withdrawing 130,000 soldiers over the next two years while shifting much of its attention to Afghanistan. As one Marine officer in Anbar Province said recently, “We're so out of here.”
The phrase coalition of the willing became widespread after it was used by Secretary of State Colin L. Powell before the American invasion, though from the start the title never got much respect. When it became clear that the United Nations was unwilling to back military action against Iraq, Mr. Powell named 30 countries that would pitch in. Nations contributing troops included Tonga, Mongolia, Nicaragua and Latvia. In all, 38 nations sent soldiers over the past six years, typically in groups numbering in the low hundreds, in rotations that were usually brief and sometimes even furtive. Japan sent a force but announced that it would not fight. Dutch troops had to be deployed just to guard it.
Iceland sent the smallest contingent, even before it cut its force in half — which left only one Icelandic soldier in Iraq.
Many coalition contributors lost soldiers in Iraq. Britain suffered the most, with 179 killed, since its troops were deployed in the restive southern province of Basra. The other 37 contributors lost a total of 139 soldiers. American fatalities have exceeded 4,300.
The disproportionate number of coalition casualties reflects the roles of the different forces. Their chief utility was to free American soldiers from routine but necessary duties. Georgia's fairly large contingent handled all the checkpoints in the fortified Green Zone of Baghdad, for instance, and brooked no arguments from people trying to enter, especially since few of the soldiers spoke anything but Russian or Georgian.
The deployment was popular with the Georgians, who often were seen buying reduced-price televisions and stereos at the PX to send home for resale. The country's contribution grew to a peak of 2,000, until the soldiers were abruptly withdrawn last August and rushed home to defend Georgia after the Russians invaded.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Britain had stayed despite growing criticism at home, but its forces steadily diminished until only 100 remained this month.
The security agreement with Britain was stalled in the Iraqi Parliament by opposition from the Sadrist Bloc, followers of the militant Shiite cleric Moktada al-Sadr, despite support from the Iraqi government.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Parliament will not reconvene until Sept. 8. A British diplomat suggested that the government might grant some temporary extension, but an Iraqi government spokesman, Ali al-Dabbagh, said that would not be possible.
In Baghdad on Tuesday, a gang of armed men broke into a bank just after midnight, killing eight security guards and escaping with $6.3 million in Iraqi dinars. The American military said it feared that insurgents might use the money to recruit members and to buy weapons.
“While I cannot confirm that the attacks were terrorist-related, it does fit past trends of terrorist groups in Iraq of financing their operations through criminal enterprise, like kidnappings for ransom, robberies and black marketeering,” Maj. Dave Shoupe, a United States military spokesman in Iraq, wrote in an e-mail message.
Seven of the Iraqi guards were found bound and blindfolded with strips of tape placed over their mouths, the Iraqi police said. Each had been shot once in the head, and pillows had been used to muffle the sound, the police said.
The eighth dead guard, who the police suspect had helped the robbers, was not bound, but had also been shot once, the authorities said.
Several bank employees were questioned by the police on Tuesday.
The police officers and army personnel who had been stationed at two checkpoints near the bank were also questioned and have been suspended, an Iraqi police official said on the condition of anonymity because he was not cleared to speak to reporters.
In eastern Baghdad, a bomb placed on a motorcycle exploded Tuesday evening, killing at least eight people and wounding 13 others in the New Baghdad neighborhood, the Iraqi police said.
SUPREME COURT STRIKES DOWN DOMA – Gay Marriage Now Valid in States After 5-4 Ruling
Via Drudge:
‘DOMA singles out a class of persons deemed by a State entitled to recognition and protection to enhance their own liberty'…
Scalia dissent: ‘Diseased root: an exalted notion of the role of this court in American democratic society'…
Reaction…
5-4: Decision in Prop 8: Ninth Circuit is vacated and remanded…
Lack of jurisdiction…
Supremes clear way for same-sex unions in Calif., but avoids ruling on gay marriage..
Gay marriage supporter Vin Testa waves a rainbow flag in anticipation of U.S. Supreme Court rulings in the cases against California's gay marriage ban known as Prop 8 and the 1996 federal Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA), outside the court building in Washington, June 24, 2013. (REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst)
The Supreme Court struck down the Defense of Marriage Act – ruling the key provision of DOMA was unconstitutional.
This means gays married in states that recognize gay marriage will be considered legally married in all states.
It was a 5-4 ruling by the court.
USA Today reported:
A divided Supreme Court gave a major boost to gay and lesbian rights on Wednesday, striking down a key section of a federal law that denied federal benefits to legally married same-sex couples. The justices declared unconstitutional part of the 17-year-old Defense of Marriage Act, a law that has denied federal benefits to married gays and lesbians in a dozen states, from Maine to Washington, and the District of Columbia. The decision gives the high court's blessing, at least in part, to a gay-marriage movement that has gained momentum in the past decade and now stands on the threshold of full equality. The ruling represents a major step forward for marriage equality and a setback for defenders of traditional marriage between only men and women. But 36 states still ban same-sex marriage, and the high court's ruling doesn't affect them. In a 5-4 decision written by justice Anthony Kennedy, said the federal law unconstitutionally denied equal treatment to gay and lesbian couples. “DOMA singles out a class of persons deemed by a State entitled of recognition and protection to enhance their own liberty,” Kennedy wrote.
UPDATE: Here is today's Supreme Court DOMA decision.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Police in China seized more than 10,000 illegal guns and 120,000 knives
Police in China have seized tens of thousands of illegal guns and knives, in what state media say is the largest-ever haul of its kind.
More than 10,000 guns and 120,000 knives were confiscated after a four-month investigation, reports said.
Fifteen people suspected of belonging to a criminal network were arrested.
The police started investigating after a suspect in an armed robbery in Guiyang city in Guizhou province told them about his supplier, reports said.
The gang's distribution network for the weapons included at least 27 provinces, state media said.
Private gun ownership is illegal in China and certain knives are classified as "controlled".
Du Chuang, a public security official from Guiyang, told China Daily newspaper that the illegal arms ring was a family-run business.
The suspects even "gave out their business cards all over China", he said.
Not Doing Better Than Our Parents and Loving It (Or, Why Keynes Was Right)
Jerry Brito Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 1, 2013
One of the frequent laments of the “great stagnation” era is that younger people today won't do better than their parents. It's not clear, though, that we should want to.
The American expectation that every generation must do better than the last is a creature of historical trends. Over the past 150 years, or about 6 generations, the average income in one generation has been about 60 percent higher than the average income in the prior generation. But it almost had to be given all the low-hanging fruit lying around. As Thomas Jefferson wrote about his generation in the foreword to the Daily Show's America: A Citizen's Guide to Democracy Inaction,
We discovered electricity, invented stoves, bifocals, the lazy susan, efficient printing presses, and the swivel chair. But in the 18th century it was nearly impossible not to invent something. “What if we put this refuse in a receptacle?” “Oh my God you just invented a sanitation system!” We lived in primitive times. Hell, I shit in a bucket and I was the president.
Rapid economic growth, and the result that each successive generation tended to be wealthier than the last, was almost inevitable. Additionally, improvements in well-being were very closely tied to wealth. After all, material comforts such as indoor plumbing were what improved one's standard of living. This meant that leisure had a very high opportunity cost. Time spent on leisure meant time not spent generating income, and if happiness is tied to material wealth, then it's an expensive trade-off.
Today, however, we are in a position to derive much of our happiness from pursuits internal to our minds. We do this by blogging, watching House of Cards on Netflix, listening to a symphony from iTunes, tweeting with friends and acquaintances, seeing their pictures on Facebook or Path, and learning and collaborating on Wikipedia. As a result, once one secures a certain income to cover basic needs, greater happiness and well-being today can be had for virtually nothing. What is the point, then, of doing materially better than one's parents?
In his 1930 essay, “Economic Possibilities for Our Grandchildren,” John Maynard Keynes imagined a future 100 years later in which per capita income had increased fourfold or more. With 17 years to go, his prediction was right. But Keynes also thought that this increase in per capita production would result in people working fewer hours — only 15 hours a week to maintain a reasonable standard of living in 2030. The real challenge, he worried, would be filling up our leisure time. That hasn't come to pass — or has it?
In his essay, Keynes divided human needs into two categories, “those needs which are absolute in the sense that we feel them whatever the situation of our fellow human beings may be, and those which are relative in the sense that we feel them only if their satisfaction lifts us above, makes us feel superior, to our fellows.” He argued that before long a point would be reached when our “absolute needs” would be satisfied in the sense that we would prefer to work less and less.
While Keynes was wrong about the number of hours spent at work, he was certainly right about our preference for leisure.
Leisure is a poorly defined concept. Economists tend to think of it as any activity that isn't work. But that just raises the question, what is work? For our purposes we can think of work as an activity in which you would not engage if all your “absolute needs” had been met. A professional painter would likely paint even if he didn't have to make a living, but he probably wouldn't engage in bookkeeping, marketing and the other necessary aspects of his business.
What do I do for a living? Essentially I read a lot, I talk to a lot of interesting people, and I blog, tweet, and write articles like this one. Don't tell my employer, but aside from some mildly unpleasant things like going on TV or talking to politicians, I'm doing exactly what I would do if I was a billionaire and didn't have to work. That is, what counts as work for me might as well be leisure. For all intents and purposes, I am indeed working only 15 hours a week just as Keynes predicted.
My income today is roughly the same as that of my parents. However, as someone with a law degree, I could have chosen a path — as many of my law school classmates did — that would have doubled it. It was a path of 80-hour weeks, mind-numbing work, and the rat-race to become partner. The only reason to choose this path, it seems to me, would be to satisfy my “relative needs,” and luckily I've kept those in check. Yes, I could have done better than my parents, but instead I chose to consume more leisure.
Many young people I know — journalists, activists, developers, and designers — are making the same choice, even if they don't realize it. They are choosing to live below their potential means in order to be happier. And while you see them “work” very hard and for long hours for stagnant or declining wages, they are in fact having a ball and obviously getting paid enough to do it.
For many, we are already living in a post-materialist world where wealth has been decoupled from well-being. We won't do better than our parents materially, perhaps, but we'll nonetheless have a better standard of living.
On July 28th, 'kt Rolster' defeated 'bbq Olivers' with a score of 2:1. During the series, 'PawN' played Galio and Orianna, and led the team to victory while acting as the "core" of the team's composition. His display of utilizing Galio's ultimate to its fullest degree especially caught the attention of many fans.
The following is an interview done with KT PawN.
Congratulations on your victory. How do you feel?
The series could've gone a lot better. It's a shame that we lost the 2nd set. Our team needs to focus on strengthening our mid to late-game.
Please be more specific on what you are trying to 'strengthen'.
We are losing a lot of teamfights in the late-game because of players getting caught out and killed.
KT was taken to game 3 on many of their series played. Are there any special reasons for this?
I'm not sure. Our plays just become weird when going into the 2nd match of a series. We are currently working on it...
If you guys are able to win your remaining games, it's possible to end the regular split in 1st place.
Our remaining games are against SKT and LZ. Although LZ is a very scary team, I think we can beat them because we have been preparing well for them.
What are your opinions on patch 7.14?
Tanks have gotten a lot stronger.
Also, everyone considered Cho'Gath to be the next OP champion. But as of now, from what we have seen on stage, I don't think he is that great. But we'll still have to wait and see. And as for the midlane, nothing really changed.
What are your predictions on playing against BDD?
He is very good at staying alive. I will try to do the same.
In the series, Score constantly lost objectives due to losing the 'smite battle' with the enemy jungler. What did the team say?
It's not always the jungler's fault for losing an objective. It's partially everyone's fault. And at the time, we weren't too worried about losing those objectives. We assured each other by saying "it's okay." Score, however, was angry at himself that he got them stolen.
Fans have been calling you 'Joonim' (Lord).
It's not a nickname that's used to insult me. Actually, it's the complete opposite. I think it's fine.
Any final words?
Our remaining games are against LZ and SKT. We will beat both of them.
POLITICO Screen grab Obama: Mitt should answer on Bain
President Barack Obama said Mitt Romney should answer questions about his ties to Bain Capital — and soon — in an interview taped Friday with WJLA.
The interview came as a series of Romney interviews were set to air Friday evening, following days of attention to questions about when the Republican candidate exited the venture capital firm and stopped leading day-to-day operations.
Story Continued Below
( Also on POLITICO: Mitt counter-punches on Bain)
“My understanding is that Mr. Romney attested to the SEC, multiple times, that he was the chairman, CEO and president of Bain Capital and I think most Americans figure if you are the chairman, CEO and president of a company that you are responsible for what that company does,” Obama said.
Obama told Scott Thuman of WJLA, the ABC affiliate in the Washington, D.C., area, that Romney “absolutely” must answer questions about his tenure at Bain and whether it continued past 1999 — when Romney has said in the past he left — to 2002, as Securities and Exchange Commission documents suggest.
( Also on POLITICO: Obama team: Romney committed a felony or lied to voters)
“If he aspires to being president, one of the things you learn is, you are ultimately responsible for the conduct of your operations, that's probably a question that he's going to have to answer, and I think that's a legitimate part of the campaign,” Obama said in the interview, which was conducted earlier Friday in Virginia Beach, Va.
The coverage area of WJLA — which shares a corporate parent, Allbritton Communications, with POLITICO — includes Northern Virginia, a key region of the state that pushed Obama to victory in 2008. The election in Virginia is again expected to be close and hard-fought this year.
( PHOTOS: 6 facts about Bain Capital)
The president suggested Romney had ultimate responsibility over the company.
“As president of the United States, it's pretty clear to me that I'm responsible for folks who are working in the federal government and you know, Harry Truman said the buck stops with you,” he said.
The rest of the interview will air Sunday at 6 p.m.
State of the Studio
After two months of the release of our latest game Quantum Break, it's a good time to give you an update on what's next for us here at Remedy.
First things first: we'll continue supporting Quantum Break, which became the “biggest-selling new Microsoft Studios published IP this generation”. It's something we're extremely proud of, so thank you to all of our fans for making the game a success and our long-time partner Microsoft for helping us create something unique.
Keep playing, giving feedback and spreading the word! We're working on another update for the game, so stay tuned for details over at our community forums.
As for the future, we have some very exciting news to share. Moving forward, we want to create more games and hopefully get them out more often. In order to achieve this, Remedy has expanded into two game development teams.
For a while now already, we've been developing a brand-new Remedy game with a new partner. Our second team is working on an early concept, which will turn into another Remedy game sometime in the future.
We can't wait to show and tell you more about these new projects, but if there's anything we've learned from the past, it's that we should have the patience to announce games when they're ready enough. So don't expect us take the stage at E3 or gamescom this year.
Remedy has developed games for over 20 years. We're very thrilled about the AAA games we have in the works and where we are as a studio right now. With several positions open, it's the perfect time to join us!
Finally, we feel that it's important to set the expectations right and let you, the fans, know that neither of the two projects currently in development is an Alan Wake game. We're working on something else, but at the same time we're exploring opportunities in other mediums to tell more Alan Wake stories.
We have plenty of exciting endeavors to come, and we hope you stay along for the ride.
Thomas Puha
Head of Communications
Follow Remedy Entertainment on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
It won't happen again for almost 80,000 years: Thursday is Thanksgiving and the first full day of Hanukkah. Some are calling it "Thanksgivukkah." Eyewitness News found people busy on Wednesday preparing to celebrate both.
Sunset Foods grocery store in Highland Park is fully staffed for its busiest day of the year.
"We're hopping. It's all hands on deck today," said T.J. Tazioli, Sunset Foods.
A day that's even more hectic because it's not just Thanksgiving dinner these customers are shopping for.
"It's difficult to shop for both only because you need so much for both holidays," said Jessica Bernheim.
Both, meaning Thanksgiving and Hanukkah-- a rare quirk of the calendar has the holidays falling on the same date. It won't happen again for almost 80,000 years! This monumental occasion has earned the nickname "Thansgivukkah."
Meredith Orgiefsky is shopping for both Thanksgiving and Hanukkah dinner. Double the holidays could mean double the stress, but she says it's all about delegating responsibilities.
"My husband is working on the brine for Thanksgiving and then when he clears out of the kitchen later, I'll start on the Hanukkah part," said Orgiefsky.
For Miriam Eisenberg, the holiday mash-up is inspiring some culinary creativity.
"Instead of having stuffing, we're going to have potato pancakes instead," said Eisenberg.
Hanukkah is more than 2,000 years old, but Thanksgiving's been around only 150 years. Rabbi Michael Weinberg says both holidays are inspired by the desire for the freedom of religious expression.
"The notion of the universal message of mutual respect for religious traditions, this is an important message for all people to understand," said Rabbi Weinberg, Temple Beth Israel.
News Three Defensive Line Options For The Redskins By
The countdown to 2017's NFL draft is now well and truly on, and the intrigue surrounding the Washington Redskins first round selection continues to heat up. With the departure of personnel evaluation guru Scot McCloughan, it's anyone's guess as to what type of strategy the Redskins will be utilizing in their approach to the draft this year, and as such we here at Redskins Capital Connection are taking a look at potential prospects via their position groupings.
With pick 17 in the first round, the Redskins could look to address any number of positions on their roster, though all signs seem to point towards a defensive focus thus far. Earlier in the year we took a good look at three potential Safety prospects the Redskins could feasibly wind up with in the first round of the draft.
Today it's the Defensive Line we're breaking down into each of our chosen three prospects strengths, weaknesses, and how they would fit with the Redskins.
Jonathan Allen
Defensive End, Alabama Crimson Tide
6'3, 286lbs
Overview
Such is the mix of talent and depth in the 2017 draft class across a wide range of positions, Jonathan Allen is being mocked from the top five all the way to the late first, and everywhere in between. To be fair, part of that stems from the uncertainty regarding Allen's shoulders, which he's had multiple surgeries on and now is showing signs of early stage mild arthritis. For what it's worth, neither Allen himself nor the team doctors from Alabama believe there is any undue cause for concern. In 2016, Allen recorded an impressive statline that included 69 tackles, 16 tackles for a loss, and he led Alabama with 10.5 sacks, which saw him earn the Chuck Bednarik and Bronco Nagurski Award as the top defensive player, on the top defense in American college football in 2016.
Strengths
Incredibly athletic
Full suite of pass rush moves
Versatile, can play inside or outside the line
Team leader on and off the field
Unquestionable work ethic
Consistent Quarterback pressure
Weaknesses
6'3 height could be considered undersize for position
Concerns about ability to be a 3 down player
Use of hands against bigger blockers needs work
Fit with the Redskins
There's no question that if fully healthy, Jonathan Allen would step in to the Redskins defensive front and be an instant upgrade. However, after the debacle that saw Josh Doctson miss almost his entire rookie season due to a persistent achilles injury, can the Redskins afford to gamble on a player who may end up battling similar lingering soreness, albeit in his upper body? If Jonathan Allen is available at pick 17 (assuming the Redskins don't trade up), then it's likely that teams have been scared away by the risk that his shoulders pose, meaning Bruce Allen and the Redskins would need to weigh up the risk versus the reward in picking such a prodigious talent.
If Allen does have his name called out by the Redskins on draft night, he'll be moving to an area he's already more than comfortable in; Allen played his high school football at Stone Bridge (in Ashburn), where he won the 2012 Gatorade Virginia Football Player of the Year.
Malik McDowell
Defensive Tackle, Michigan State Spartans
6'6, 295lbs
Overview
Since the end of the college football season, Malik McDowell‘s apparent draft stock has fluctuated consistently. He's been touted as a top 15 draft picks at times, and other times he's fallen outside of the first round in mocks entirely. Some of this has been as a result of other players rising up draft boards, and some of it has been seen as perceived corrections on McDowell's valuation. Regardless, McDowell remains an exciting Defensive Tackle prospect for teams looking for young talent, and at age 20, they don't come much younger. McDowell is an example of a young player who continues to improve, and at 6'6 and close to 300 pounds he has the prototypical size that teams covet up front on the defense.
Strengths
Has great size and uses it to his advantage
Strong against the run
Explosive athleticism
Proficient at beating blocks
Sticks his tackles
Can play every down
Weaknesses
Relies on athleticism instead of technique
Doesn't get low
Concerns about reliability and work ethic
Fit with the Redskins
If the Redskins stick at pick 17 and select McDowell, prepare for a cavalcade of pundits to call the pick a reach. When you take the time to look beyond mock drafts and really study McDowell's game tape though, it's hard not to get excited about the huge potential the young Spartan possesses. And when it comes to McDowell, ‘potential' is a word that applies succinctly; he's so athletic, so explosive, and so capable that when you see him make jaw dropping big plays, it's fair to wonder why he didn't make more of them throughout his college career.
In the first round, there's perhaps no better fit for McDowell than the Washington Redskins. Stepping in as a presumed starter, McDowell would benefit enormously under the tutelage of Jim Tomsula, and it is not hyperbole to say that if everything went right McDowell could cement himself as one of the best Defensive Line players in not just the NFC East, but in the NFC as well, leading to a potential rookie Pro Bowl nod.
Chris Wormley
Defensive End/Tackle, Michigan Wolverines
6'5, 299lbs
Overview
When you're an All-Big Ten defensive first team player in your senior year, you're going to make people sit up and take notice, and that's exactly what Chris Wormley did in 2016 for the Michigan Wolverines. At age 23 and as a fifth year redshirt senior, Wormley captained the Wolverines with aplomb, and notched up 6.5 sacks and 14.5 tackles for a loss. Universally loved by his Michigan teammates and coaches alike, one thing that scouts agree on when discussing Wormley is that he is a strong and motivational leader both on and off the field.
Strengths
Good technique
Close gaps and running lanes consistently
Finishes plays, high motor
Great size
Uses long arms well to bat balls at the line
Good power off the snap
Weaknesses
Raw, needs coaching
Injury history (2012 ACL as a freshman)
Lacks explosiveness
Fit with the Redskins
Even the most ardent fans of Chris Wormley would likely be surprised to see his name called at pick 17, but that doesn't mean that it would be a bad pick. It's possible that both Jonathan Allen and Malik McDowell could be off the board before the Redskins are on the clock, and if they rate Wormley highly enough, then selecting him makes sense.
Wormley is versatile and talented enough that he could be a rotational player in Greg Manusky‘s defensive front, playing Defensive End, Defensive Tackle, or even rushing from the edge situationally. Versatility is a valuable commodity in the NFL, afterall. As is leadership and high character, both of which Wormley has in spades. If McCloughan was still with the Redskins, Wormley would fit the bill as a ‘football player'.
Comments
comments
Powered by Facebook Comments
BY: Follow @charleswrussell
President Donald Trump defended Chief of Staff John Kelly during an interview airing Sunday, calling him an "elegant man" in the wake of the controversy this week over Trump's phone call to a military widow.
Kelly came to Trump's defense after Democratic Rep. Frederica Wilson (Fla.) said Trump acted insensitively in his phone call to Myeshia Johnson, the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson.
"He is a very elegant man, he is a tough, strong, four-star Marine," Trump said in interview with Fox Business host Maria Bartiromo. "If you're a four-star Marine, you've got something special to start off with."
Kelly said he was "stunned" by Wilson's conduct in revealing the details of a "sacred" phone call.
"He was so offended because he was in the room when I made the call. He was so offended that somebody would be listening to that call," Trump said. "He actually couldn't believe it, actually he said to me, ‘sir, this is not acceptable.'"
Trump opened up about making calls to those with fallen loved ones, saying these are the "toughest calls."
"These are tougher than dealing with the heads of countries, believe me. These are very, very hard calls, sad, you know, the grieving is so incredible," Trump said.
Trump continued his praise of Kelly.
"He doesn't need this job, in fact, he didn't really want this job … he was doing this incredible job on the border and elsewhere. You know, he ran Homeland like nobody's ever run it," Trump said of Kelly, who formerly served as Secretary of Homeland Security.
Trump called Wilson's comments this week "sickening." Wilson blasted the White House as liars and also laughed that she was now a "rock star" because of the feud.
"[Kelly's] not doing it for what he wants, he does it for the country," Trump said. "So when she made that statement, I thought it was sickening."
BuzzFeed is carrying out a review of the work of one of its reporters after allegations of plagiarism surfaced on a blog titled “Our Bad Media.” Twitter users @blippoblappo and @crushingbort furnished a series of side-by-side comparisons between the writing of BuzzFeed's Benny Johnson and various sites across the Internet, revealing strong similarities.
The examination of Johnson's oeuvre came after Johnson himself, who specializes in “viral politics” coverage, scolded others for plagiarism:
Repeat after me: Copying and pasting someone's work is called “plagiarism” http://t.co/0Ik1dPXq1O — BuzzFeed Benny (@bennyjohnson) July 23, 2014
Here's a screenshot of one overlap in Johnson's work, from “Our Bad Media”:
After that revelation, BuzzFeed added this footer to the Johnson story: “CORRECTION This piece included a sentence that was not attributed to its source, a post on Yahoo Answers. The sentence has been rewritten and attribution has been added.JULY 24, 2014, 1:16 p.m.” The “Our Bad Media” piece alleged yet other instances of improper usage, and BuzzFeed appeared to agree with its conclusions, as it issued other corrections as well.
Gawker's J.K. Trotter picked up the story and secured this comment from Ben Smith, BuzzFeed's top editor: “We're grateful to @blippoblappo and @crushingbort for pointing out these serious failures to properly attribute two quotations and to credit a source in a third post. We've corrected the posts. Benny Johnson is one of the web's deeply original writers, as is clear from his body of work.”
The “deeply original writer” thing prompted snickerdom on Twitter, given the nature of the transgressions that BuzzFeed had acknowledged. Yet the bigger misstep here on Smith's part was to express such confidence so quickly in his reporter. As any casual follower of plagiarism scandals knows, where there are one or two instances of wrongdoing, there can be many more. A news organization's common response to accusations of this sort is to vet the staffer's entire archive.
Today @blippoblappo and @crushingbort presented further allegations of plagiarism by Johnson. After they surfaced, the Erik Wemple Blog contacted Smith about the situation. Wasn't he too quick to so fully endorse Johnson's stuff? Smith replied: “There are three serious instances of plagiarism in this new post. We're reviewing Benny's work.”
Transgender people – and some of the issues they face – have achieved an unprecedented level of media visibility in the last year, from trans celebrities Janet Mock and Laverne Cox, to Chelsea Manning and CeCe McDonald, to gender non-conforming students Grayson Bruce and Sunnie Kahle. But the public acknowledgment of trans people in no way begins to confront the difficulties they face in attempting to have their lived realities accepted by governments and the law.
A new global report released Thursday by the Open Society Foundations, License to Be Yourself, outlines the issues policy-makers need to consider in giving trans people legal gender recognition, and includes best practices from around the world. The report's authors admit that these solutions are not "one size fits all" – especially because some countries, like the US, are lagging behind.
Argentina is considered the leader in progressive gender marker policies, having passed a law in 2012 that allows individuals to update their gender markers on government-issued documents without any medical or mental health diagnosis.
"Before, I'd have had to undergo psychiatric diagnoses, hormonal treatment, surgeries and sterilization just to be recognized as a guy," Mauro Cabral, co-director of Argentina's Global Action for Trans Equality, told me this week. "I'd even even have to lie to a judge, and declare myself a straight guy – which I am not."
In America, the ID and documentation system creates "a ripple effect of problems," explained Arli Christian, policy counsel at the National Center for Transgender Equality. "It hinders employment, instigates suspicion or harassment from public officials, and makes it difficult to enroll in school, secure housing or public benefits, travel, drive or vote."
A country where a person can't drive or vote because of gender is a country that needs to get its act together.
Current laws for updating government-issued IDs with accurate name and gender markers are a patchwork at best – across the US and the globe, on federal, state and local levels.
"For a driver's license in New York, you just need a letter from your doctor," Kate Barnhart, the executive director of New York City's New Alternatives for Homeless LGBT Youth, told me. "But an NYC birth certificate requires sex-reassignment surgery, which many people don't want and many others can't afford." At least 14 states require surgery, a court order and/or a birth certificate for gender updates, Christian added.
This discrepancy between agency rules means that it's common for transgender people to have different IDs that say different things, which isn't just stupid – it's a bureaucratic nightmare.
Masen Davis, the executive director of the Transgender Law Center, has one name on a Social Security card and a different one on a US passport and California driver's license. Davis was born in Missouri but legally changed genders in California in the 90s. But because that home-state, red-state birth certificate still says "female", Davis told me, "I'm forced to come out whenever I apply for a job or enter an academic program."
Being "out" – by choice or necessity – takes its toll. A 2011 report on transgender discrimination, the largest survey of the US to date, notes that 41% of respondents had attempted suicide – 26 times the national average. Respondents were four to five times more likely than the general population to live in extreme poverty, regardless of educational level, and twice as likely to be unemployed.
Right now, the bureaucratic headache for transgender people looks alarming even across much of Europe. Julia Ehrt, the executive director of Transgender Europe, told me that there is no one standard for legal name and gender changes across Europe. While 13 of the 47 nations have no standards at all, forcing trans people to seek individual court rulings to obtain legal recognition of their genders, the rest all require a medical "diagnosis of gender dysphoria or equivalent" psychiatric disorder. Worse, she said that trans people in 21 countries must be sterilized to obtain legal gender recognition – and 20 countries require that trans people legally divorce their spouses.
With any luck, this new report will bring more attention to the legal strictures that fracture transgender people's lives and expose them to danger and discrimination. At a time when much of the west has seen progress around issues like marriage equality, transgender people are still fighting for basic rights and visibility. They shouldn't be wasting their time fighting with the DMV instead of being able to live their lives as partners, friends, co-workers and taxpayers.
The French national charged Wednesday with plotting a terrorist attack had an arsenal in his apartment.
In the apartment Reda Kriket rented in the Paris suburb of Argenteuil, police found some of the standard tools of terror — a cache of assault rifles and handguns, five stolen French passports, seven cell phones still in their packaging, and a single tear gas bomb, prosecutors said.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
They also confiscated Tupperware containing 500 grams of the powerful explosive TATP, more than a kilo of industrial explosives, detonators and other electronics, they said.
More ominously, they found acetone and other chemicals, along with four cartons containing. . .
Read the rest of this article from our partners at NBC News
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Red coconut chutney recipe with step-by-step photos. Of the varieties of coconut chutney recipes, this red coconut chutney recipe is my Favorite.
As I have said in many posts, coconut chutney is not my cup of tea. I always prefer onion chutney or tomato chutney with idli and dosas. So I make coconut chutney only for others. I recently made this red coconut chutney to share it with you all. I got few requests for thus red coconut chutney recipe too. In fact I am always asked to share different types of coconut chutney recipe. I will try and post them too.
Red coconut chutney is very easy one to make, it is a very popular one too in restaurants. It goes best with idli, paniyaram etc. The ingredients needed for making this coconut chutney are also fairly simple. You can make with all day to to day ingredients.
To make red coconut chutney recipe it is better to use freshly grated coconut. If using frozen make sure to bring it to room temperature before grinding. Do not use sweetened or desiccated coconut for making red coconut chutney recipe. Adding tamarind gives a nice tangy taste as well as increases the life of chutney. To get a deep colored chutney use kashmiri red chillies. I used small round red chilies here. Though the color is not very deep these chilies are very hit, few goes long way.
Serve red coconut chutney with idli, dos, paniyaram etc
Here is how to make red coconut chutney recipe with step-by-step photos.
If you are looking for more chutney recipes do check kara chutney, mango chutney, carrot chutney.
Step by step red coconut chutney recipe
1. Heat 2 tablespoons gingely oil in a kadai. Once the oil is hot add gram dal, red chilies, asafoetida and tamarind. Saute well for 3-4 minutes in medium flame. Allow to cool thoroughly.
2. Take the cooled ingredients in a mixer jar. Grind well till the ingredients are coarsely powdered.
3. Add the grated coconut, salt and little water. grind well to a smooth chutney.
4. Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a small kadai. Once the oil is hot temper with mustard seeds and torn curry leaves. Add the tempering to the chutney. Mix well. Serve red coconut chutney with idli or dosa.
Red coconut chutney recipe card:
5 from 2 votes Print Red coconut chutney recipe | Coconut chutney with red chillies Prep Time 10 mins Cook Time 10 mins Total Time 20 mins Red coconut chutney recipe is a popular variety of coconut chutney made with red chilies, grated coconut and gram dal. Course: Side Dish Cuisine: Indian Servings : 4 Calories : 107 kcal Authors : Harini Ingredients (1 cup=250 ml) 3/4 cup grated coconut tightly packed
2 tablespoons gram dal
4-6 dried red chillies
2 tablespoons oil
For tempering
1 teaspoon oil
1/2 teaspoon mustard seeds
10-12 curry leaves Instructions Heat 2 tablespoons gingely oil in a kadai. Once the oil is hot add gram dal, red chilies, asafoetida and tamarind. Saute well for 3-4 minutes in medium flame. Allow to cool thoroughly. Take the cooled ingredients in a mixer jar. Grind well till the ingredients are coarsely powdered. Add the grated coconut, salt and little water. grind well to a smooth chutney. Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a small kadai. Once the oil is hot temper with mustard seeds and torn curry leaves. Add the tempering to the chutney. Mix well. Serve red coconut chutney with idli or dosa. Recipe Notes 1. You can use any kind of red chilies. Use kashmiri red chilies for vibrant chutney
2. You can roast gram instead of gram dal. In that case do not saute it. Just grind it along with coconut.
Sharing is caring!
Ottawa's endorsement of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP) has finally opened the door to welcoming Aboriginal Canadians as shapers of national policy instead of supplicants pleading for government attention, write Ken Coates and Blaine Favel for iPolitics.
By Ken Coates and Blaine Favel, May 19, 2016
The Government of Canada's announcement this week that it will endorse the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP) is an act ripe with symbolic significance — and a striking reversal of the position of the Harper government.
Assembly of First Nations National Chief Perry Bellegarde was quick to applaud: “Canada is sending an important message to Indigenous peoples, to all Canadians and the international community that Indigenous rights are human rights …” Government and Indigenous perspectives are more and better aligned on this issue than at any time in the last decade. Now the hard work begins, for everyone.
UNDRIP is a substantial document, with 46 articles ranging from the much debated requirement for “free, prior and informed consent” on resource development to commitments to support Indigenous language retention and education. It is, in the spirit of UN declarations generally, long on principles and short on details.
While some Indigenous leaders and their supporters are disappointed that the government did not provide specifics on implementation plans, the step-by-step approach is appropriate. Accepting UNDRIP as the government has done is a major change in policy. Given the complexity, potential impact and high expectations in Indigenous communities, it is vital that the government proceed carefully and in deep conversation with Indigenous peoples.
While it seems to prefer the more ambiguous and comprehensive phrase of “building nation-to-nation relationships”, the Trudeau government really does appear to be heading toward the co-production of policy. This should be a welcome change from the traditional budget day gift-opening that has long characterized government practice.
Put simply, UNDRIP is not an Indigenous declaration of independence. In many cases — such as influence over resource development — existing modern treaties and the “duty to consult and accommodate” requirements established by the Supreme Court likely already provide Indigenous peoples with the kind of authority envisaged under the Declaration.
What UNDRIP does do is publicly commit the federal government to work with Indigenous groups on a broad range of issues deemed essential to the autonomous cultural, economic and social survival of Indigenous communities.
Furthermore, Indigenous Affairs and Northern Development Minister Carolyn Bennett specifically observed that UNDRIP would be implemented in accordance with Section 35 of the Canadian Constitution, which “recognized and affirmed” the “Aboriginal and treaty rights” of Indigenous peoples in Canada. While some commentators found this to be an unnecessary qualification, it was, in fact, a statement that both strengthens the practical significance of UNDRIP and provides assurances to all Canadians that the Declaration is not a dramatic rewriting of Canadian legal and constitutional commitments.
What matters now is the careful articulation of the next steps. The private member's bill on the immediate adoption of UNDRIP, proposed by NDP MP Romeo Saganash, is premature. To make bold statements and unattainable commitments about a document of this significance may be laudable in spirit, but it can only cause practical difficulties.
The government needs legislation of its own, drafted in full consultation with Indigenous groups, that lays out a detailed strategy for the inclusion of UNDRIP principles in Canadian law and policy. Indigenous groups could help the process substantially by working with government to outline those areas where existing Canadian practice and law are already in accord with, or even in advance of, UNDRIP requirements.
The country, in general, is not yet fully behind UNDRIP and the further empowerment of Indigenous peoples. Non-Indigenous Canadians obsess about UNDRIP's potential to strengthen Indigenous influence over resource development. But they fail to recognize the extent to which recent legal decisions have granted Indigenous communities a great deal of authority already — or the substantial evidence that Indigenous communities are fully capable of working with resource companies on major projects.
Some worry that the government's endorsement of UNDRIP will spark a legal onslaught as Indigenous groups rush to the courts to secure the practical implementation of UNDRIP rights. But government and Indigenous groups can head off many of these potential legal conflicts by working collaboratively to identify policy priorities and implementation plans.
Indigenous peoples in Canada have been the targets of government policy since Confederation and have become astute and passionate critics of government plans. UNDRIP provides an opportunity to turn the page on generations of colonial policy-making.
Bringing Indigenous peoples into the co-production of policy and joint priority-setting will demonstrate that the nation's commitment to UNDRIP is strong and serious. It also will show that Indigenous people have finally been welcomed into the Canadian political community — as shapers of national policy instead of supplicants pleading for government attention.
This would be a major and powerful outcome of UNDRIP — and a game-changer for the management of Indigenous affairs in Canada.
Ken Coates is a Senior Fellow with the Macdonald-Laurier Institute (MLI). Blaine Favel is Chancellor of the University of Saskatchewan and former Grand Chief of the Federation of Saskatchewan Indian Nations. They are the authors of a forthcoming paper on the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
“WHAT we must avoid,” confided a government minister in the spring of 2011, “is the perception among our European partners that ‘here come the fucking Greeks again'.” Job not done. The election on June 17th, a follow-up to an inconclusive vote on May 6th, will be scrutinised around Europe. A victory for Syriza, a left-wing party that did well in the first round by threatening to rip up Greece's bail-out agreement, would fuel fears of a Greek exit from the euro. Even if New Democracy, which has broadly signed up to the terms of the rescue, pips Syriza and leads a new government, those Greeks will be back again to negotiate.
In the meantime, uncertainty over the election result has frozen the economy. Many people have simply stopped paying their bills, hoarding cash as they wait to see what unfolds. “I have plenty of customers with enough deposits to meet their bills who choose not to pay,” says one banker, before admitting that he is holding off on his kids' private-school fees just in case.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Holidaymakers outside the country are also waiting and seeing. “It's been a disaster since the election,” says Ioannis-John Kent, the boss of youtravel.com, an online tour operator, and of Aquis Hotels, which runs a chain of resorts in Greece. Aquis normally takes 300 bookings a day; that number fell to around 50 after the May 6th vote. Mr Kent argues that such caution is unnecessary: after all, an exit would increase tourists' spending power; and what social unrest there is has been concentrated in Athens, not the islands where most foreign tourists sunbathe and gargle ouzo.
Deposits are still being withdrawn from bank accounts, though not at the same dramatic pace as occurred immediately after the May election (depositors are said to have withdrawn €700m—$877m—the following day). “I'm going to take €1,000 to €2,000 out before the election so that I can get through two weeks of chaos,” says one Athenian businessman.
In theory, even a slight risk of redenomination ought to justify taking every last euro out of the bank, whether stashing it under the mattress or abroad. But many deposit holders may want to keep enough money in a secure place in Greece to cope with day-to-day needs. Or, more likely, they may simply be assuming that the worst outcome, the return of the drachma, still remains improbable.
Even if that assumption is proved right, another period of uncertainty looms for Greece. Optimists hope that a new government, fortified by a mandate to do what it takes to remain in the euro, will reach an agreement with its creditors. Confidence will then return, particularly as Greece draws closer to a primary budget surplus.
But any bail-out renegotiations will be tricky. Greeks might reasonably hope for a bit more room for manoeuvre on fiscal targets, but squeezing more cash out of the Europeans to cover budgetary shortfalls, or slowing the pace of structural reform, will be much harder. The difficulties of other countries mean that Greece is no longer the only spark for a euro break-up: it cannot escape the wider blaze.
And the financial system is in limbo. Banks are waiting for the arrival of the new government to finalise a planned recapitalisation. Even without a sudden rush to withdraw cash, deposits are being run down as people live off savings. Non-performing loans are rising. And demand for credit is horribly subdued. The boss of one bank reports that small-business applications are running at around ten a day, down from 250-300 in the good old days. “The supply side is the easy part. Demand for risk-taking is the problem.”
By Kurtis “Aui_2000″ Ling of Evil Geniuses
This blog has been divided up into two parts. You can read Part 1 here. Part 2 is below:
ESL One Frankfurt.
I think a lot of player and tournament interactions are overly negative so I'm going to try to be as constructive as I can and also go over the positives first. Before I start, I would like to say that I think every TO I've talked to has been pretty receptive to ideas and that I think that any divide other players/TO's feel is more of a communication issue (same for casters and players really, but that's another blog I think).
Positives that other tournaments should all try to copy or adapt as a standard:
1. SSDs for players.
I think this has come up again and again, but this solution (also used last year at ESL Frankfurt, TI, Summit, etc.) is perfect for reducing setup times and ensuring players have good settings for playing.
2. Adjustable seats, standardized 24 inch monitors, and adequate table space.
See above. Good settings lead to better games.
3. Easily accessible food for players.
Perhaps a bit healthier food would be favorable for me, but honestly there are professional athletes who only eat McDonald's chicken McNuggets during the Olympics and they win. As long as I don't have to spend a lot of time looking for food I can eat and not practicing/watching/preparing, I'm happy.
4. Dedicated practice area for players.
This is probably self-explanatory.
5. Set time to meet with fans.
I think every Dota pro wants to interact with their fans. This gives an easy way to do that. I hope they do it during TI5. This allows fans to get some cool swag (a signed poster at Frankfurt) because it's more formal and organized. Also, it's way more time efficient than random people approaching you.
6. It was in a stadium.
That's really cool. This is probably not something most tournaments can standardize. It was especially cool because the fans went crazy and the event had additional things to do for fans. I don't really know what the reception for the balloons, bull ride, etc. were, but that concept about it being an event more than just the games. Always having something to do during downtime is really nice as well. Not everyone is a fan of every team and wants to watch Dota for two days straight. Also, the stadium is pretty isolated.
Photo from Commerzbank-Arena
7. Solid internet during the main event for games.
There are not many tournaments that have it together as much as ESL did during the main event. There were minimal pauses that could be blamed on ESL, and when there was one (lights in eyes), they adjusted them. That's actually a bit of a rarity in esports events to be honest because it's pretty easy for something to go wrong (especially at least a slight ripple from DDOS).
8. High quality sound cancelling headsets with white noise, microphone, and direct voice communication.
I wear glasses so if I have in-ears, a headset around my neck, and a sound cancelling headset, my ears are ready to fall off by game two. Gaming headsets are perfect for my everyday use (and likely the everyday use of everyone who reads this), but they aren't made for 10,000 yelling people in a relatively close proximity. I mean they probably could be, but that would be an unnecessary consumer expense. I loved that we didn't have to use an external communication program and that there was no latency during communication as far as I could tell. The only bad thing was that it was hard to adjust sound (even with max Dota volume it was a bit low), but I think this was the first time I've never had the crowd/casters echo into my Teamspeak.
9. I really like my ESL hoodies.
I have two of them and they're the only esports hoodies I wear outside during a non-esports event. They're cozy approved. ESL gave us one in a goodie bag, which is always nice.
Negatives
I'd like to just acknowledge that ESL had to transform their event very quickly because of unexpected rain and problems outside of their control. They did an excellent job of adapting to that. They probably had to switch priorities and move staff around because of this which led to things like #7 happening. As a side note, I think almost all of these are pretty easy to fix:
1. Hotel
There were different hotels for some teams, so I can only talk about my own. As an aside I think it's preferable to have every team in the same hotel, but that's not really important. I'm not particularly picky about my hotel. The only things players should really care about are whether they can sleep, download replays, and watch games. I was unable to watch any games or download replays using the hotel internet, which was problematic for players. I don't know the logistics for this or whether this is even possible.
2. Wifi at the venue
Players use wifi to both communicate with their team and prepare for games. This is important.
3. Internet routing
It was hard to download replays at the venue because everything but gameplay was routed through a VPN. Really awesome in that there was no DDOS/lag in-game, but just a slight adjustment for next time would be nice.
4. Tournament format
The #1 thing I think people don't want to see and players don't want to play is useless games with teams not trying. I really like the fact that the higher seeds could choose opponents. That makes it so there are no games you want to lose to avoid playing a certain opponent. The trade off this tournament is that the lower half of the bracket's positions didn't matter.
In my opinion, the way to make group stage games all matter is to reward high finishers and to punish lower finishers. At the same time, I think that at an event like ESL Frankfurt, you also have to think about the audience. I wouldn't want to travel to the event to not even see my favorite team play because they were eliminated in groups. I think something like a slightly staggered bracket combined with top finishers getting to choose would be good for me (bot 4 losers bracket / top 4 winners or something). In regards to single elimination, I think there's something to be said for the excitement of that format. While players should want the best team to win, single elimination probably provides a better viewing experience as upsets are exciting. I think I am okay with it as long as the group stages are good.
5. Group stage play settings
The group stage play settings were the worst part of this tournament. There were two rooms of two teams playing. Both teams were extremely close and you could hear your opponent's communication and yelling. Teams were also not required to use soundproof headsets (i.e. iceiceice was like 2 meters from Suma1L and could understand everything we said–he told us he wouldn't act on the info and I believe him because it was a sort of meaningless match, but that's a flawed set up). There was also a panel of casters in the same room as one of the games. They are loud and they make it hard to play. The internet was also unplayable with random spikes throughout the entire group stage.
6. Making players wake up really early and rush to do nothing.
Why should players have to wake up at 6:30 or 7 especially after some very long flights? Then they have to wait for the bus for a while. Once they arrive at the venue, they have no PCs so they just sit around until the matches start at like 11 or 11:30.
7. VP's practice area
It should not be in the cold and different from everyone. Heaters were forgotten, but as aforementioned ESL had to deal with some unexpected circumstances. Easy to fix I think (Note: ESL didn't forget the heaters, they were just slowed down by having to waterproof everything so the heaters came late).
Overall, I really liked ESL one, and I think in general LANs have gotten a lot better. There will always be things to improve, but it's only looking better for the future.
Green tests and ham
In which I attempt to make an nuanced point in the style of Dr Seuss
Henry Coles Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 8, 2017
So you have code to be written and you know it is best
when you are writing that code to start with a test.
You've heard this from Charlie and Richard and Sue
and all kinds of people so you know it is true.
And also these people, these Charlies and Sues,
have all sorts of other things to say about tests too.
They've told your that tests should mainly be small
that the thing that you test should not be the program's total and all.
(Well ok, do that a little.
DO test some things that are BIG
but aim on the whole for a great pyramid.
With lots of small things at the bottom
and some big ones on top
and things in the middle which both big and small they are not.)
And so you have done this, done like Charlie and Dick,
built a great pyramid on top of very small bricks.
But when it came time to refactor some years down the line
did all those tests that you wrote make sure that things worked out just fine?
Or did you hit problems?
Were things not all ok?
Did you find that your tests just got in the way?
So how did this happen?
What's going on?
Could it be that Charlie and Sue were both totally wrong?
Like most things in life it's not as simple as that
your head is for more than just holding your hat.
Things are all nuanced and complex and cruel
and you can't get results following just one simple rule.
All of that mush between your ear and your ear
must be constantly thinking, “what's going on here?”
Writing tests first is all well and good
(and if you've never tried it then really you should).
But much more important than when it was written
is what that test looks like and what it does when its bidden.
If you have tests with fingers in the guts of your code
those tests are tied to those guts and won't want to let go!
When your code is gutted those tests will always pull back
(whether the change is elegant or some horrid hack).
So never write tests that put fingers in guts
(in short beware coupling it really does suck).
But coupling is subtle and not always easy to see
(and nasty and viscous it just won't leave us be).
And when you can't see if it's hard to get rid
which brings us back to that great pyramid.
Now it's true that the things at the bottom might well be small
but that's not the reason that they're down there at all.
With smallness comes a danger that's hard to explain
but that danger and putting fingers in guts is the same.
Things from the classroom, those cool algorithms
those things are small and are usefully hidden
in all of the programs that we want to write
they're tiny, and hidden and used out of sight.
Those things are general, and rarely will change
(though we might swap them for others where the interface is the same).
Small things like those are all nice and stable
not like the small things in our code we often test just cos we're able.
Our small things are different, they're just part of the guts
of our webapps and services and front ends and such.
Our small things will change as we change our designs
they'll vanish, disappear come to the end of their times.
If our tests are mainly written in terms of those
they'll constantly be changing and causing us woes.
If these are mainly the tests that we choose to write
then the behaviour we want from our app drops out of sight.
And when those tests are gone (along with the units they test)
then ones at the top will be the only ones left.
The ones at the top that are too slow to run
too flakey and awkward to help get anything done.
The base of that pyramid isn't defined by size
it's defined by the things for which those tests should strive.
Tests at the bottom they have to be fast and easy to run
(when we make a change running them is step number one)
Fast alone of course just isn't enough,
the tests at the bottom must do other cool stuff.
Whenever we run them the result must be always the same
(if that isn't the case there's no end of pain).
So these tests are fast and they run anywhere
(so any coder can run them without hours of despair).
So why is it important that the things they test are small?
It isn't important, just not important at all!
What is important is that the thing they test
is just one sensible thing picked out of all of the rest.
One thing with behaviour that isn't too likely to change
a thing that must happen no matter how our code is arranged.
Of course things always change, we know that they do
so some of the bricks at the bottom will always have to change too.
Some will go missing, some might leave gaps.
All we are saying is that perhaps,
if we stop thinking of size when writing our tests
things are more likely to work out for the best.
Before I go I must mention the one thing that we lose
by forgetting about size in the units we choose.
When we test small things it's easy, when something goes wrong
to point to the bit where the problem comes from.
With big things that's harder as there's more to look through
so there is an advantage to testing small things its true.
But on balance, often (if we must make a choice)
it is the test suite built on stable foundations that will make us rejoice.
For the waste pickers that have traditionally made a living sifting through the mountain of discarded litter that blights the streets of Cairo, there has been scant cause for celebration these past 10 years. Marginalised by a 2004 Mubarak goverment directive that placed household waste collection in the hands of multinationals, their existence has been one of ever increasing struggle for steadily declining return.
But change is afoot. Government acceptance that the corporatisation of waste disposal in Egypt's capital has been a resounding failure has paved the way for the formal integration of the zabaleen – who, for more than half a century, went door to door gathering the vast majority of household waste in Cairo – into the city's official refuse collection system.
For a community that has served Cairo well, the government's U-turn offers a deserved chance to change their lives for the better. Before 2004, the zabaleen would take the rubbish they collected back to their homes on the edge of the city, sort through it, and make a living from selling the salvaged materials to factories and wholesalers. The remaining organic waste would be fed to their pigs, whose meat also brought them a steady income.
But 10 years ago, this informal arrangement came to an abrupt end when the Mubarak government contracted four corporate firms to do the work instead – cutting the 65,000 zabaleen out of the process, and wrecking their collective livelihood. The aim was to professionalise the capital's waste management.
Government officials now admit that approach was flawed from the start, and for the first time are starting to make the zabaleen's role official, giving them uniforms and vehicles.
"The others have failed, be they the government or the foreign companies, and now [the zabaleen] should get a turn, having been sidelined for so long," said Laila Iskandar, Egypt's environment minister, who has prioritised the issue since her appointment in July. "They are the people who have the longest experience in refuse collection."
Before 2004, Cairo residents paid the zabaleen a monthly fee to collect waste. Under the formalised system, the four firms simply left large bins in the street, asked residents to deposit their waste in them, and made them pay for this supposed privilege through their electricity bills. "Of course, this was very stupid," said Suzie Greiss, head of Egypt's Association for the Protection of the Environment (Ape). "When you have very big high-rise buildings, people are still going to want collection."
The zabaleen ended up collecting much of the rubbish directly from the flats anyway, but for a quarter of the money they previously earned. Many residents felt they were paying the multinationals enough; as a result, they did not want to pay the zabaleen as much as they had done previously, even though they did most of the work. To add insult to injury, the firms subcontracted a community of middle-men – the wahaya – to deal with some of the waste. But according to Greiss, the wahaya pocketed the money and left almost all the collection to the zabaleen. "It was a very unfair relationship," she says.
Compressed cartons are sifted from rubbish in the sprawling Cairo neighbourhood of Mokattam, the hub of the waste business. Photograph: Khalil Hamra/AP
The effect on the zabaleen, Iskandar says, was devastating. Eissa Habil Aramanyos, a 35-year-old zabal, reckons the move cost him 75% of his earnings. Before the change, he might have earned five Egyptian pounds (43p) from each flat. Afterwards, he got one or two if he was lucky; to make up the shortfall, he had to work longer hours over a much larger area.
"Before I used to work from 5am to 4pm, and I took home good money," said Aramanyos, who lives in Manshiyet Nasr, a cramped settlement of 20,000 zabaleen in eastern Cairo. "Afterwards, I worked from 4am to 9pm. So we had to do more work, we were constantly tired and we earned less."
Community leaders tried to persuade officials to use the zabaleen formally within the system, but they received a patronising response, said Ezzat Naem Guindy, head of the zabaleen workers' syndicate, and chairman of Spirit of Youth, an influential local NGO. "Every time we tried to convince the government that the zabaleen worked hard and collected from the flats directly, the government said: 'How can we contract them? They're not formed into companies. They don't pay taxes.'"
With resources stretched, children ended up sharing more of the burden, Aramanyos said. Due to their nebulous legal status, some zabaleen were even arrested for flouting the new regulations, according to Naem Guindy. But despite it all, he says, the zabaleen still deal with 9,000 of Cairo's 15,000 daily tons of household rubbish, recycling 85% of it.
The zabaleen were dealt another broadside in 2009. A Christian community, they were among the few people to keep pigs in a mainly Muslim country. They fed Cairo's organic waste to the animals, whose meat provided a good secondary source of income. But that changed when the Mubarak government culled more than 300,000 pigs, and closed Egypt's two pork slaughterhouses. Officials said the idea was to contain swine flu, despite international advice that it was unnecessary; many zabaleen regarded the move as a sectarian slight.
Once again, earnings – and, in some cases, health – were affected. "We were having a hard time treating children for anaemia, because pigs had been a very good and cheap source of protein."
Groups such as Spirit of Youth have spent years encouraging zabaleen to start formal companies, so when Iskandar was appointed environment minister, some of them were in a position to be incorporated properly into the system. This month, 14 zabaleen companies began working a pilot scheme in Dokki, a suburb in west Cairo; 48 will begin work elsewhere in the west in the coming months. They have been given uniforms and government vehicles, training from Spirit of Youth, and are paid 12 Egyptian pounds per flat.
"It's a pleasure to be part of the new system," said Aramanyos, who runs one of the companies yet to be deployed. "I make more money, and now I'm legal. I'm a company. I have paperwork. Before we weren't formally involved in the process – but now we can meet the officials in charge for districts, so if we have a problem, we have people to talk to."
Some resistance remains, not just from the wahaya, who have stalled the transition in east Cairo, but from some zabaleen frightened of abandoning the current system. It may be exploitative, but at least they understand how to navigate its pitfalls.
Iskandar argues the zabaleen may never have a better opportunity to formalise their business. "They need to understand that this is their last chance to integrate into the system," she said. "They now have a syndicate, NGOs and a disgruntled public on their side – so it's up to them to take this chance and make it work."
Missouri State University (MSU) has created a program to help men tackle “toxic masculinity,” citing rising levels of “depression, anxiety and mental health concerns” among male students.”
The program, called “Men Addressing Social Construction” (MASC), is a collaborative effort launched by university officials to facilitate student dialogue and help “men and male-identifying students” appreciate the impact “toxic masculinity” has had on their lives.
"Masculinity affects you whether you are designated as a man at birth, [or] whether you identify as a man."
[RELATED: Duke recruits men for program to fight 'toxic' masculinity]
Coordinator of Multicultural Programs and LGBT Student Services Matthew Banks told The Standard that students “are struggling with things in a system like toxic masculinity,” which he defined as a “pervasive idea that punishes men who are ‘feminine' or experience ‘feminine' tendencies.”
Additionally, Banks argued that an “identity-based” approach was necessary to address the issue and help things “get better,” noting that while the program aims to address “men and masculinity,” the organizers “didn't want this to be a ‘men's program.'”
[RELATED: 'Male-identifying folks' address 'toxic masculinity' in UW film]
“So, really, it was intentionally built not for men, but for masculine people, because toxic masculinity affects you whether you are designated as a man at birth, whether you identify as a man or whether you are masculine-of-center,” he elaborated.
Participation in the program's first two discussion groups, each of which meet weekly for eight weeks, is by invitation, with Banks reporting that “a couple students who identify as agender but are masculine-of-center” as well as “some trans men” are enrolled.
Banks leads one group while Dean of Students Thomas Lane leads another composed of members of the Student Government Association and its Senate. Lane, notably, said he was eager to join, and stated that the group's intent was to help men learn, bond, and “do self-work around areas for social justice.”
[RELATED: UW program explores dangers of masculinity]
Further, MASC will focus on helping men “be more vulnerable,” according to Banks, who said that this will help students when they “go into the real world” and have to build “relations outside of MSU.”
Campus Reform reached out to organizers of the program, and is currently awaiting a comment. This article will be updated if and when a statement is received.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @SFarkas48
October 12 is the date that many Presidential candidates will meet together for the first time – at the No Labels Problem Solvers Convention.
According to its own statement, “No Labels is a nationwide, grassroots movement of Republicans, Democrats and everyone in-between. We are united by the conviction that people with different beliefs can set aside the labels and come together to solve our nation's pressing problems. We're working to advance the creation of a National Strategic Agenda for America's Next President through the process of agreeing to goals first. We believe our country's best days are not behind us.”
No Labels' primary goal “is to start a national movement that will culminate in a Federal government that sees the presidential administration and both houses of Congress working together to achieve mutually agreed-upon goals that will solve the nation's problem” To that end, on October 12, 2015 in Manchester, NH, No Labels will hold its Problem Solvers Convention and has invited all the presidential candidates of both parties to speak.
No Labels are an organization led by Jon Huntsman and Joe Lieberman, both of whom were Presidential candidates in the past. “Throughout 2016, No Labels will be pressing the next president of the United States, upon taking office, to sit down with the leaders of the other party and agree to big goals to unite the country: create 25 million new jobs over the next 10 years; balance the federal budget by 2030; secure Social Security and Medicare for another 75 years; and make America energy secure by 2024.”
“The 2016 presidential season is about to begin – and No Labels is going to kick it off with the first celebration, pep rally and ideas festival of the campaign season. The No Labels Problem Solver Convention will feature speakers, such as Governor Jon Huntsman, Senator Joe Lieberman, congressional Problem Solvers and policy experts … but the gathering will primarily be a citizen-centric, uplifting rally and send-off for activists who will be holding presidential candidates' feet to the problem-solving fire as the primary season heats up.” http://www.problemsolverconvention.org/ The speaking is not supposed to be a debate, exactly, but a way for each candidate to present ideas that others may accept. And it will be truly interesting to see whether the candidates can actually agree on cures for jobs creation, securing Social Security and Medicare, energy security, and budget balancing. It would seem to be an unlikely outcome, although that would appear to be the hope.
Which of the many candidates is attending? On the Republican side, it's Chris Christie, George Pataki, Lindsey Graham, John Kasich and Donald Trump. On the Democratic side it's Bernie Sanders, Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb. In other words, Jeb Bush is not attending. Nor are Carly Fiorina, Ben Carson, Marco Rubio, and a string of others. And on the Democratic side, there will be no Hillary Clinton or Lincoln Chaffee. So, except for Bernie and the Donald, the leading candidates are staying away.
I called the No Labels office and tried to get an agenda for the Convention. I was told that they were still working on it (!) but it would be available “soon.” I then asked if the candidates would be speaking separately or together and was told that they would be speaking together. “The discussion will be free-flowing,” I was told. I reminded the No Labels representative that Democratic candidates are not permitted to be in a debate outside the official debates or they can be barred from the official debates. It's interesting to note that nowhere in the information available about the Convention is there any statement that the candidates will be speaking. Perhaps the candidates and the Convention are working on how the candidates can speak collectively without someone arguing that they are involved in a debate.
Hillary Clinton's absence from participation this Convention jibes with her non-appearance in large public settings, particularly ones where her ideas can be compared with those of other candidates, particularly Bernie Sanders. But maybe she's hoping that Bernie will debate some of the others and then be barred from participating at the Democratic debate. That is just the sort of low blow that Hillary could take, but using the DNC as the “decider.”
It's unclear to me how Donald Trump will be involved in a speaking engagement including Bernie Sanders without the Donald's taking direct jabs at Bernie. But perhaps the organizers' hope that this Convention will brings positive results will come true. It would be a true miracle if the Donald and Bernie could come to agreement on important issues.
Stay tuned.
The final match-day of the 2. Bundesliga season is almost upon us and here is Tom Loveys with his final betting selections.
Below are my betting selections ahead of the final day's action in the 2.Bundesliga. Hertha and Braunschweig have already sealed promotion and will be playing in the higher echelons next season. Kaiserslautern have wrapped up the third place play-off spot. Regensburg and Sandhausen have already fallen through the trap-door to the 3.Liga, so the only thing that remains to be decided is who is left in the relegation play-off spot. Dresden and Aue will fight this out.
Match-Day 34 poses some interesting questions, will the teams play to form? Will the players be thinking of their summer holidays? Will we do any better than last week's impressive 6/9 results correct
Match-Day 32: Best Odds at the time of writing:
Kaiserslautern 20/23 v St.Pauli 31/10: Draw 14/5
Kaiserslautern have cemented the third place spot and will be gearing up for the play-offs. Will they rest players? St. Pauli were particularly impressive against a fluffy-defensive showing of Braunschweig last week. The Red Devils are generally quick to start and are the best first 45 minute side in the league. Kaiserslautern to be winning at HT @ 7/5
1860 Munchen 21/20 v Aalen 13/5: Draw 13/5
Goals have always been minimal in games involving these sides this season. Having said that Aalen were boosted by their 3-0 victory against Dresden whilst 1860 slipped up to Paderborn. 14 of the last 20 1860 Munchen games have gone ‘Under 2.5′ goals and its a bet we're happy to take at Odds Against. 1860 Munchen/Aalen: Under 2.5 goals @ 5/4
Bochum 21/20 v Union 14/5: Draw 5/2
Bochum hauled themselves out of relegation trouble with four consecutive wins, which was brought to a halt by Frankfurt last week. Union, despite looking promising potential promotion contenders earlier in the season, have been models of inconsistency, winning then losing on a regular basis. Bochum don't normally make the first impact on the scoresheet, so we'll take Union to make the better start. Union to score the first goal @ 13/10
Braunschweig Evens v Frankfurt 3/1: Draw 14/5
Braunschweig will want to finish a successful season on a high and certainly forget last week's mauling by St. Pauli. Frankfurt have been successful in this column of a number of occasions, but away form has been the only thing keeping them off a promotion bid. The away side would love to finish 4th, but we feel Braunschweig's dominance at home will see them through. Braunschweig to win @ Evens
Duisburg 15/13 v Paderborn 12/5: Draw 27/10
Sticking to a format I like here…Paderborn impressed beating 1860 Munchen at home last week and have served us well in the past, scoring more goals between 45mins and 90mins. Duisburg after an awful start will just be pleased to be safe. Paderborn to score more goals in the 2nd half (Compared to the first half) @ 8/5
Dresden 4/11 v Regensburg 15/2: Draw 9/2
Dresden at 4/11….Obviously they have to get a result, but I'd have no confidence at that price. Regensburg will play without pressure and are capable of performing, as previous games have sometimes shown. The Draw at HT makes appeal in what will undoubtedly be a nervy match, priced at 24/13. However, taking a chance, I feel the atmosphere at the Gluckgas Stadium will spur the home team in the 2nd half and overall keep them safe. Draw at HT – Dresden at FT @ 18/5
Hertha 8/15 v Cottbus 11/2: Draw 18/5
Newly crowned league champions will want to put on a show in their final 2.Bundesliga game. Having gone unbeaten at the Olympic Stadium this season, coupled with Cottbus' poor away form, it's difficult to look beyond a Hertha win. Hertha on the handicap, Hertha to keep a clean sheet are all markets that could be looked at, but keeping with a tried and tested and normally profitable market…. Hertha to score more goals in the 2nd half (than the 1st half) @ 13/10 makes appeal as a value bet.
Ingolstadt 9/5 v Fc Koln 31/20: Draw 13/5
Fc Koln will have to be content with another season in the 2.Bundesliga with their season just tailing away. Ingolstadt are tough top break down and goals are hard to come by with both of these teams. A low-scoring clash is expected. Under 2.5 goals @ 7/5
Sandhausen 7/2 v Aue 4/5: Draw 31/10
Aue are playing chicken with the 3.Liga and now face the real possibility of falling through the trap-door. Obviously requiring a result means that they are priced at 4/5 despite a poor away record. Sandhausen's games normally are full of goals and can be quick starters, Aue will have to react, but I worry about them being able to get the needed result over the 90 minutes. So at a bigger price, we'll go for Both teams to score in the first half @ 11/4
So to summarise, do you need some money for a new car, new shoes or even just some German Beer and Sausages? Then put some of these selections below into multiple bets and who knows…maybe a fortune awaits. 6/9 last week and some decent profits obtained.
Flash can be a very handy tool. There are some excellent entertainment and game sites online with great Flash objects to play with. Unfortunately, much of what Flash is used for now-a-days is for ads. Big, loud, annoying ads. If you've ever suddenly been startled by a loud unexpected ad while quietly browsing the web, it's almost always Flash. To make matters even worse, flash can now be used to compromise your privacy. So what can you do?
Option 1: Uninstalling Flash
If, like some people, you decide that the downsides of Flash (privacy invasion, loud annoying ads) simply outweigh the benefits (fun animations and games), you can simply uninstall it from your system. To accomplish this, Macromedia has a page with Flash uninstallers that remove it from your system. Unfortunately, some browsers will then prompt you to install Flash EVERY time you visit a page with Flash on it, which can be very annoying. Disabling it can be preferable in these instances.
Option 2: Ad-Blockers
Some people choose to use some sort of ad-blocking software. There are several out there and I won't try to list them all here. I've used AdBlock for Firefox and the Mozilla Suite for quite some time. It works quite well. There are several out for Internet Explorer as well. The unfortunate thing with adblockers, though, is that some Flash ads will still get through. And if a website is using 1x1 flash applets to track you from their own site (and get around the fact that you disable or delete your cookies for privacy reasons), an ad blocker won't help.
Option 3: FlashBlock ...Recommended!
Works with Mozilla Suite, Mozilla Firefox, K-Meleon and Camino (All are free. I recommend Firefox!)
For Gecko-based browsers, a handy utility exists that lets you disable flash and replace it with a clickable button called FlashBlock. If you'd like to view that Flash object, just click the button and it appears. (Plus, there's a whitelist allowing you to specify sites that will always be allowed. Just right-click a flash object and select "Allow Flash from this site".) If not, it just stays a button. A silent, motionless button. FlashBlock effectively blocks all 1x1 Flash tracking applets as well. Mozilla Suite and Mozilla Firefox users can install FlashBlock from the FlashBlock extension page. K-Meleon 0.9 users have FlashBlock installed by default. Camino users will need to hack a little bit to get it working.
Option 4: Internet Explorer: Registry Hack
There are a couple utilities for Internet Explorer that let you turn Flash on and off. All they usually do is update a simple registry key. I've setup .REG files here to make it even easier. These work under Windows XP with Internet Explorer 5, 5.5 and 6.
Warnings
These files are provided without warranty. Use them at your own risk.
These files have only been tested by me on Windows XP Pro, though they may work on other Windows variants.
Files
The following files are .reg files. You should download them to your PC and then double-click them to add them to your registry. After saying YES to the message box, the effect is immediate. There is no need to reboot or restart your browser, though you will have to reload the current page.
On the small possibility you have any issues with these files, you should be able to get Flash back to the way it is supposed to be by rebooting, ensuring all browser windows are closed, uninstalling flash using the tool linked above, rebooting and then installing Flash again.
Dumb Little Man is a perennial supporter of Blog Action Day. Last year, I wrote about recycling as the topic pertained to ‘going green'. That was simple. This year, the focus is on poverty. As I write this, I am riddled in what I can only call an epiphanic moment.
The myth is that I believed my family and I were doing enough to help. I quickly learned that I am a mental weakling on this topic due to my ignorance and complete lack of concern to the conditions in neighborhoods and countries that I don't see.
For the first time in a long time, I am disappointed in myself and I admit it. While some may insist that I am inserting drama into this, I can assure you that I'm not.
As an example, consider that from middle-class suburbia I donate clothes to the poor every year. It's not earth-shattering but it's something. However, let's be honest – it's not entirely because I am helping the poor. Although I feel good during the actual drop-off, it's the tax deduction that I am after. While that may not be the lesson I teach the kids on the way to the drop-off site, it's reality.
Although I personally enjoy helping people, I am now realizing that there is a selfish side, a ‘what's in it for me‘ attitude that persists when it comes to poverty or homelessness. I am not indicating that I have evidence of a broad global problem but my hunch is that this attitude is indeed widespread.
This realization is painful to admit. I have been too busy worrying about what size monitor I have, if my blog is updated, and who is visiting my Facebook page. I hope I am alone and that most people genuinely go out of their way to help humanity but that can't be the case. Personally, I am resolving to do more so consider the following as my elementary education into poverty, charity and becoming more giving. Perhaps you will find some benefit in it.
Out of sight, Out of mind
This is an excuse that we all use. It's simple to turn off the TV when you see Bono talking about poverty. It's simple to hit ‘home' on your browser when you come across an article about undernourishment in some other country. Our problems are not that we don't get information, it's that we're too busy (or choose to be too busy) to reflect on the information and then ultimately act on it.
I don't believe my epiphany will lead to Jay White, The Crusader. However, I will make a concentrated effort to learn more and at least identify what I can personally do whether it's helping locally with an organization like PADS or through a legitimate global organization.
You are Not Moving Mountains – We Are
I will never forget those Sally Struthers' infomercials. No matter how many times I saw the images of the skinny little boy with a mosquito stinging his eye (not pictured), it always touched me – until I changed channels. In her infomercials, she always used to say something like, “for just pennies a day you can help.”
The point here is that you alone don't have to support someone or something, it's the group as a whole that will make a difference. Don't turn your shoulder just because you think your $2 is insignificant. My suburb has 15,000 people. If 50% of us donated $2, we'd have $15K. That's enough to do something.
Is Cash King?
Money is the American way and for most people, contributing a few bucks makes them feel good inside. I am not downplaying cash; it is important and all good causes need cash. However, I truly feel that being there, in the midst of poverty, will change your outlook in a way that a monetary donation never will. As we approach the holiday season, why not donate your time instead of your cash? If you have children, consider bringing them with to help at a warming station. A two hour investment will impact you for years. Note: it doesn't have to be holiday season to help.
Here or There?
There is an ongoing debate regarding who and where to help. If there are any Oprah Winfrey fans in the house, you'll recall the flack she received after funding and starting a school in Africa. “Why not help the kids in Chicago?”, everyone asked.
Listen, I am not going to get into a debate on who you should help. However, there is something near and dear to all of us and there are causes that we can support and feel good about. Find something that makes you feel good and act on it.
Finding a Cause to Support
This has historically been a problem because people want to know specifically where their money goes. To help dissect the plethora of charities, you can visit sites like Charity Navigator or Donor's Choose. You can even go as far as loaning entrepreneurs money in poverty stricken areas by using sites like Kiva.
Action
I haven't yet decided how I am going to change my behavior. As recent as yesterday, I was ignorantly pleased with myself. I do know however that it's going to be a family decision; I want my kids to be just as involved as me and my wife. I don't expect to take a trip to Rwanda, but I can gaurantee that my family will soon be making a difference, albeit small, somewhere.
What are YOU going to do
I do wish Jeremy Corbyn would engage his brain before talking. The Guardian has reported that:
Jeremy Corbyn has called for a maximum wage for the highest earners, saying he fears Brexit will see the UK become a “grossly unequal, bargain basement economy”. The Labour leader would not give specific figures, but said radical action was needed to address inequality. “I would like there to be some kind of high earnings cap, quite honestly,” he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme. When asked at what level the cap should be set, he replied: “I can't put a figure on it and I don't want to at the moment. The point I'm trying to make is that we have the worst levels of income disparity of most of the OECD countries
I too am concerned about income disparities. But this suggestion is absurd.
First, it assumes all high incomes are from wages. They aren't. They are from rents, investments, interest and other sources as well. So capping wages has no real chance of tackling this issue.
Then let's consider another real issue. What if a person runs their own company and makes a million a year of profit that they could pay as a salary? Is Jeremy saying they will not be allowed to pay themselves? Or is he just saying they must take a dividend instead? That would be absurd regulation and a nightmare to enforce.
But such a cap is also unnecessary. There are better ways by far to tackle this issue.
First charge all capital gains at income tax rates. That will make a massive change to the tax system, increase take, reduce inequality and stop a lot of avoidance.
Second, have a 50% income tax rate.
Third, deny companies corporation tax relief for all salaries paid at a rate exceeding ten times UK median wage, significantly increasing their cost of paying such salaries and removing the subsidy we currently give to them.
Fourth, put an employee NIC charge back on higher rate salaries.
And, fifth, have an investment income surcharge of 15 per cent on the unearned income of those with more than £150,000 total taxable income a year.
All of these could work to address this issue.
But a wages cap not only could not work, but also misses the target. That makes it very poor policy indeed.
Several Norwegian schools have rescheduled this month's mid-term examinations to avoid a conflict with Justin Bieber's arrival in Oslo. Five schools in the fishing port of Ålesund decided to adjust their timetable to accommodate local Beliebers who planned to attend the singer's gigs.
"We find it regrettable, but we preferred to move forward the Norwegian exams to avoid problems," Roar Aasen, headmaster at Blindheim secondary school, told AFP. Like the other schools in Ålesund, Blindheim feared that dozens of their students would skip their exams to make the seven-hour trek to Oslo, where Bieber will perform on 16 and 17 April.
About half of the girls at Aasen's school planned to attend Bieber's shows, according to NRK. "We considered that this was a battle that we could not win," Aasen said. He and other headmasters decided to change the schedule "three or four months ago", he explained, "when we found out many students had already bought their tickets".
As the country's officials learned last year, Bieber is extremely popular in Norway. The Canadian star caused pandemonium in downtown Oslo when he played an outdoor gig in May 2012; while police strained to control the crowd, the concert ballooned into one of the largest in Norwegian history.
Still, not everyone is making concessions for Bieber's teenaged admirers. Oslo's schools commissioner said they would not be cancelling classes, nor will Beliebers be accommodated in Bergen. "Our school premises are not gripped by any such 'Bieber fever,'" Bergen International School principal June Murison told the Foreigner newspaper. Other headmasters said they had only received one or two applications for Bieber-related leave.
According to Norway's minister of education and research, the government does not intend to intervene either for or against Bieber's smitten hordes. "We've all been 14-years-old and know that interests can be intense," Kristin Halvorsen told the Associated Press. "The local schools have the responsibility to schedule the local midterms, and if they think there is any reason to change the dates, they have authority to do so."
While Ålesund's school-board bends over backward for the sake of Bieber's shows, the singer's pet monkey continues to languish in a German animal sanctuary. Yesterday, representatives for the Munich shelter said they had been in contact with Bieber's manager, Scooter Braun, and hope to resolve the situation before officials' end-of-April deadline.
LUKE Rockhold has branded Kelvin Gastelum “a little midget” who has no right to be talking himself into a UFC middleweight title fight.
Speaking with The Daily Telegraph in Sydney, on the last leg of a whirlwind press tour of UFC 221, Rockhold has hit back at suggestions it should be Gastelum, not him, challenging Aussie Robert Whittaker for the title in Perth on February 11.
Only last week, Gastelum took to Twitter pushing his case.
Apart from fighting more often in the past 18 months, he wrote, and against higher quality opponents, he also took a not-so-subtle dig at Rockhold's other job as a professional model.
To which the Santa Cruz native says what?
“That little midget should be fighting for the title?” Rockhold laughed. “How? How in the world does he think that?
“The kid hasn't accomplished anything yet.
media_camera UFC middleweight Luke Rockhold in Sydney on Thursday.
“For his last win, he beat up Michael Bisping, who was coming off a loss only two weeks earlier. And before that, he got absolutely smoked by Chris Weidman.
“So c'mon kid, wake up and smell the f ... ing daisies. I've beaten everyone.
“And if we ever fight, I'll put you away real quick.”
Since losing the middleweight title to Michael Bisping in 2016, Rockhold has fought only once, beating David Branch by submission back in September.
However the No. 2 contender, who has also had to overcome a serious knee injury, still insists his own credentials — which include wins over Bisping, Chris Weidman, Lyoto Machida, plus the Strikeforce title — are far superior to those of Gastelum, who currently ranks sixth in the division.
Indeed, the Bisping upset represents Rockhold's only loss in almost five years.
“So this title fight between Rob and myself, it's what the sport is about,” the former champ said. “It's the best fighting the best.
media_camera Kelvin Gastelum fighting Michael Bisping in Shanghai in November.
“We've been waiting for two years while Bisping ran from everybody.
“And I was part of that problem ... I f ... ed up, underestimated him as an opponent and it cost me.
“Why is, now, it's so good to be part of the solution.”
Gastelum, meanwhile, has won three of his past five fights.
Before his November wins over Bisping, who took the fight on a fortnight's notice, the former welterweight endured a submission loss against Chris Weidman. He also had a win against Brazilian Vitor Belfort overturned to a no contest after testing positive to marijuana.
Before that, were consecutive wins against Tim Kennedy and Johny Hendricks
In his Twitter post, Gastelum wrote of the UFC 221 debate:
A: Fought only once in 18 months against someone who wasn't even competing in the ufc a year ago.
B: Fought 4 times in 12 months, 3 of them in the main event in the last 8 months against former champions ranked in top 10 of the division. *Doesn't have a modelling career.
The White House has released the full text of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a major international trade agreement that has drawn criticism for years. The 30-chapter document was posted on both Medium and the Office of the United States Trade Representative's site this morning, a month after representatives from the US and 11 other countries reached an agreement on it. It's the first official look we've gotten at the TPP, but not the first time we've seen the text: multiple leaked versions have made their way online since 2011, several posted by hacktivist organization WikiLeaks.
The TPP covers many areas of trade, but it's primarily controversial among internet activists because of its intellectual property rules, which could affect everything from software to pharmaceuticals. Based on drafts, it would require signatories to adopt elements of the particularly strict US intellectual property framework, and organizations like the EFF argue that it would result in even harsher rules. The debate is similar to the one over ACTA, an earlier failed trade agreement that focused specifically on creating broader and harsher intellectual property rules.
BREAKING: You can read the text of @POTUS's trade deal. See how it puts U.S. workers first: https://t.co/DxG2mXmXoR pic.twitter.com/mNvSbrGJP8 — The White House (@WhiteHouse) November 5, 2015
As with ACTA, the problem is that the TPP's text and meetings have been kept secret until now, making it difficult to have an informed public discussion — until now. Now that the US has tentatively agreed to the deal, Congress has at least 90 days to examine and vote on it before sending it to President Obama for a final approval.
On the same day that the White House announced President Donald Trump's revised travel ban on residents of six majority-Muslim nations, Gold Star father and Muslim-American Khizr Khan confirmed that his "traveling privileges" were under review and that his “freedom to travel abroad” had been temporarily suspended.
Khan, a Pakistani-born naturalized U.S. citizen of more than 30 years, was set to speak "about tolerance, understanding, unity, and the rule of law" at a luncheon in Toronto on Tuesday. The two-hour event was slated to include a question-and-answer session on "what we can do about the appalling turn of events in Washington — so that we don't all end up sacrificing everything," according to the organizer.
Advertisement:
On Sunday, however, Khan was informed that he would be unable to travel to Canada, CTV's Rosa Hwang first reported.
According to Ramsay Talks, the organization that had planned Khan's talk, the Harvard-educated lawyer's “travel privileges are being reviewed.” It is unclear what review or revocation of “travel privileges” Khan would be subject to given his status as a U.S. citizen: Anyone with a valid U.S. passport should be able to enter and leave the U.S. It is also not clear who is reviewing those privileges, as Canadian officials have not returned a request for comment.
Pakistan is not one of the six nations whose citizens are temporarily prohibited from travel into the U.S. under Trump's revised ban — which isn't scheduled to go into effect until March 16.
Ramsay Talks quoted a statement said to be from Khan in its announcement. “This turn of events is not just concerning to me, but to all my fellow Americans who cherish our freedom to travel abroad,” said Khan, whose son, U.S. Army Capt. Humayun S.M.Khan, was killed by a car bomb in Iraq in 2004. “I have not been given any reason as to why.”
In addition, Ramsay Talks said Khan offered his “sincere apologies” to those who had planned to attend the event, in a statement posted on Facebook. The group also offered to refund the fees for those who had already paid to attend the event.
At least one other Canadian organization, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, has confirmed that Khan's planned trip to Canada has been canceled.
Advertisement:
TVOntario's was also set to host Khan on Tuesday:
Khan and his wife Ghazala rose to international prominence after they were attacked by Trump for daring to speak out against his anti-Muslim rhetoric and policy proposals during last year's Democratic National Convention. Khan famously offered to lend Trump his copy of the U.S. Constitution.
“If it was up to Donald Trump, [Capt. Khan] never would have been in America. . . . We were blessed to raise our three sons in a nation where they were free to be themselves and follow their dreams,” Khan said, slamming Trump's stance on immigration. Humayun Khan was one of 14 U.S. Muslims who died serving the United States in the 10 years after 9/11. Khan' was posthumously awarded a Bronze Star and Purple Heart.
"If you look at his wife, she was standing there," Trump said in August to ABC News' George Stephanopoulos, implying that it was Ghazala's Muslim faith that had prevented her from speaking. "She had nothing to say. She probably, maybe she wasn't allowed to have anything to say."
Advertisement:
After a U.S. veteran gifted Trump, the recipient of five draft deferments during the Vietnam War, with a Purple Heart, Khan said on CNN in a pointed comment directed in Trump's director: "You dodged the draft.” The father added, “You had the time. You did not serve.”
On Monday afternoon Khan told CTV News he has “no comments at this time.”
Here's the latest report, via CBC:
At first glance, it just seemed like a typical poster promoting swimming safety.
While visiting a pool in Salida, Colorado, a woman named Margaret Sawyer noticed a Red Cross pool safety poster showcasing diverse swimmers. But she observed one catch: Only white people displayed “cool” behavior and almost everyone behaves in ways that were “not cool” were people of color.
Sawyer told NBC affiliate KUSA she thought it was a mistake until she saw the same poster at another pool more than 200 miles away in Fort Morgan, Colorado, which prompted her to contact the pool's management and later share the image online.
“I saw this one and I just kept thinking, ‘it looks like they're trying to do something here that shows all kids together of all different backgrounds, but they're clearly not hitting the mark,” Sawyer said.
The Red Cross has since issued an official apology on Monday, noting that it will discontinue producing the 2014 poster and that the image will no longer be featured on its website, app, or partner facilities.
But even as the Red Cross poster controversy dwindles, the racist legacy surrounding American public pools endures.
Racism is a major part of America's swimming pool history
Swimming pools have always been spaces where social inequalities have played out. But as University of Montana history professor Jeff Wiltse wrote for the Washington Post last year, the nation's swimming pool history is intimately tied to racism.
When the first public pools were established in America's Northern cities at the turn of the 20th century, class prejudices fueled decisions of where municipal pools were built to keep out poor and working-class people, regardless of race. In the 1920s and '30s, when pools were larger and men and women began swimming together, some major Northern cities used racial segregation tactics to prevent interactions between black men and white women.
“Southern cities typically shut down their public pools rather than allow mixed-race swimming,” Wiltse said. “In the North, whites generally abandoned pools that became accessible to blacks and retreated to ones located in thoroughly white neighborhoods or established private club pools, where racial discrimination was still legal.”
Physical violence and criminal charges were also common practices to keep segregation in place. In April 1950 in Pittsburgh, Nathan Albert — the secretary for the local communist club — was convicted of “inciting a riot” for allegedly trying to bring a mixed-race group to the local swimming pool two years prior.
In the 1950s, legal battles ensued. Between 1950 and 1955, the NAACP was involved in multiple anti-discrimination lawsuits for swimming pools after black patrons were denied access to swim at pools and beaches, including Isaacs v. Baltimore.
After three black children drowned in a local natural water swimming area, the NAACP brought the case and two others to the US District Court of Appeals. In light of Brown v. Board of Education, the court ruled in 1955 that segregated but equal facilities no longer sufficed. When the Supreme Court refused to hear the case, the district court's ruling remained unchallenged, setting a new legal precedent against racist swimming pool practices.
Nonetheless, racism at swimming pools still manifests itself in the 21st century. The Red Cross poster may seem like a harmless mistake in insensitivity, but the portrayal of black children being menacing at the pool plays into this legacy.
Making swimming pools more inclusive could be a lifesaver
The Red Cross poster may be a testament to well-intentioned campaigns gone awry. But those missteps have serious consequences for swimmers of color.
“The current state of affairs is unfortunate, and images like the one created and circulated by the Red Cross make things worse,” Ebony Rosemond, head of Black Kids Swim, told the Washington Post. “In connection with the lack of images showing African Americans excelling in swimming, the poster doesn't make you feel welcome — it suggests to a black child that you're not welcome here.”
According to a 2010 study by USA Swimming, 70 percent of black children and 60 percent of Hispanic children have little to no swimming ability compared with 40 percent of white children, which puts these children of color at a far greater risk of drowning. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention also reported in 2014 that black children ages 5 to 19 were 5.5 times more likely to drown in a swimming pool than white children.
Unequal access to swimming facilities is one contributing factor. In the 1970s and '80s, many cities halted plans to build public swimming pools or closed them altogether, which disproportionately impacted working-class communities, which were often communities of color, unlike their upper-class, predominantly white counterparts who had access to private pools.
Stigmatizing images also invite native consequences for communities of color. Many around the country were horrified last summer when a police officer was caught on video roughly handling a black teenage girl and pointing a gun at her peers in McKinney, Texas, after local white residents claimed the group caused a “disturbance” at the private neighborhood pool.
Tatyana Rhodes, 19, who lived in the neighborhood, organized the McKinney pool party event. Nonetheless, white residents were upset, and harassed the teens with racist statements, including telling the teens to go back to “section 8 housing.”
Not only did it appear to be a case of racial profiling, it was also a 21st-century reminder that black children are not allowed in these spaces. The fact that a grand jury recently refused to indict the officer of any wrongdoing only solidifies this point.
The Red Cross announced plans to work with a diversity advocacy group to rectify the situation. The step may help it become more inclusive. But one of the other more important consequences is that recognizing nonwhite swimmers may be more effective at saving lives than the original poster campaign.
Family members and friends of the Aurora movie theater gunman will not be allowed to ask jurors to spare his life, the judge overseeing his murder case ruled Friday.
Prosecutors had asked Arapahoe County District Court Judge Carlos Samour to prevent supporters of James Holmes from testifying at trial about their opinions on the death penalty, which prosecutors are seeking against Holmes. While family and friends will be allowed to give testimony about Holmes' character, Samour agreed with prosecutors that opinions about the death penalty will not be allowed.
Survivors of the shooting and victims' families will also not be allowed to tell jurors whether they think Holmes should be executed, Samour noted in his order.
“Since victim impact witnesses may not opine about the proper sentence,” Samour wrote in the order, “defense witnesses likewise should not be heard on what sentence the jury should impose.”
The order was one of three Samour issued on Friday dealing with the kinds of things jurors can hear at the trial — which is now set to begin in October and could last months.
The two other orders deal with information gleaned during the independent psychiatric exams of Holmes, who has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. In one order, Samour ruled that jurors should not hear any evidence that was used to determine Holmes is currently mentally competent to stand trial.
In a second order, Samour ruled that statements Holmes made during the exams can be admitted at trial, so long as jurors are instructed only to consider the statements when deciding whether Holmes was sane at the time of the crime. Defense attorneys had argued that jurors would likely be tempted to think about the statements when deciding whether to sentence Holmes to death.
Twelve people were shot to death and dozens more wounded by gunfire during the attack on the Century Aurora 16 theater in July 2012.
John Ingold: 303-954-1068, jingold@denverpost.com or twitter.com/john_ingold
We love 3D printing, and we have the vision to make a high quality 3D printer which could print your own colors. NIX... is not just another printer, with the unique tri-color blending nozzle and mechanism, you could now print almost any colors you like at high resolution up to 5 microns, so far the highest attainable resolution for FDM 3D printer.
Gradient Color Change Demo
Vase Print at 100 micra with Gradient Color Change
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
The Making of The Red Mane Lion
model designed by primoz.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Color Wheel Print
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Many people can't believe a FDM printer can make 5 micron resolution, including professional editors. Frankly, it's not easy to do it. Just like the comment from Fabbaloo.com, "The best I've seen on any other filament-based 3D printer is about 20 microns, on a Mass Portal machine that's made with only high-precision custom CNC metal parts. It is highly unlikely the Nix… can actually produce 5 micron layers in real life situations. "
Since we can't put hours of video to show you all how we print at 5 micra, I have tried to print something which is more understandable with most printing spec. The print is not perfect, but I hope you guys know how hard we tried to let you see our effort to make this a better printer.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Print time : 2 hrs 5 min
Filament : 1.75mm PLA, solid yellow color
Resolution : 5 micra
First layer height : 150 micra
Total no. of Layers : 58 layers
Speed : Infill = 60 mm/s, Print = 25 mm/s, Travel = 150 mm/s
The NIX... Printer is user friendly, with the advance feature from Repetier Host, user can change color by a simple click.
A high quality 3D printer normally costs thousands of dollars. When we design the printer from the very beginning, we try to make the NIX... printer affordable to everyone. We did it by smart engineering design, and make use of laser cut manufacturing process to avoid high development cost for moldings, then we have no need to charge high price to cover the development cost.
You can now print almost any color you like by mixing 3 basic color filaments, Red, Blue and Yellow. Your creativity will not be limited, other special colors like transparent, metallic or even carbon fiber filaments can be mixed to produce amazing effects.
Bookmark - 10 microns print
3D Benchy Test Print
× Expand Russell Barth Medpot patients Russell Barth and his wife, Christine, have been living on marijuana charity since changes to Canada's medical weed regs in 2014.
My wife and I are in a one-of-a-kind situation.
Lots of people are forced by circumstances to be caregivers for their spouses. Some are also working full-time jobs. Not many have to do it while trying to navigate the government's insanely convoluted and onerous medical marijuana access program while keeping one eye on someone who could go into full, life-threatening convulsions at any moment.
For me, it all started in the autumn of 2001, after a sensible and responsible dose of three different medications sent my epileptic wife into cardiac arrest.
Christine has a rare form of epilepsy. There is no deformity in her brain to be repaired or removed, no surgery that can be performed, no pharmaceutical that can moderate the seizures.
She has what's been described to us as "a generalized electrical problem with her central nervous system." Part of this condition is that her brain is, for lack of a better term, "out of phase," so every light she sees flickers the way you and I see a flickering fluorescent tube that's about to burn out. She describes every bus ride, mall visit and doctor's waiting room as "a rave," and often wears a blindfold in public.
Feeling sick and bloated from pharmaceuticals and still experiencing seizures several times a week, she began using cannabis in 2002. Her seizure count went down from just over 60 (of various kinds) in the first five months of 2002, to 13 in the remainder of the year. The next year she had only 13 seizures in total, some big, some small. The year after that nine, and just five in 2005.
She'd go 156 days with no seizure at all, then 189 days, then 276 days!
She could go out alone, be left at home alone. Our worries faded. The doctors were astonished as the trend continued right through to the early months of 2008.
On March 24 of that year, however, things took a dark turn. A seizure came. About 10 minutes after the first one hit, she had a second. Twelve minutes later, a third. It was then that I made a decision that I have been second-guessing ever since: I called the ambulance.
By the time they got to our home, Christine hadn't had any more seizures. But they were keen to shoot her full of Ativan all the same because she was squirming in the stretcher chair and might go into convulsions again.
She had more seizures in the ambulance. Inside the ER, a full-on hospital drama unfolded. I stood there in shock. She had 10 more seizures that afternoon - or maybe it was just one long seizure; they couldn't tell after a "load dose" of Dilantin.
I took her home the following morning, against doctor's orders. She has been having anywhere from eight to 20 small seizures and one grand mal per month, every month, for over eight years. She wets herself in public sometimes, so we spend about 95 per cent of our time in our 544-square-foot apartment in Ottawa.
Although cannabis has failed to entirely curtail the seizures, it has helped minimize their frequency and ferocity. We dare not risk going without to see how much of a difference it makes.
She has had a licence for medical marijuana from Health Canada since 2003. I have had one since 2004 for fibromyalgia. In 2007, I got out of the wheelchair the doctors said I would be tethered to for the rest of my life and two months later walked from Bronson and Queen all the way to Major's Hill Park in the Million Marijuana March dressed as Jesus.
We have, over the years, grown in our apartment and had designated growers supply medicine to us. We helped found the now-closed National Capital Compassion Society, spending many months prior to that running an informal compassion club out of our apartment. But it was unsustainable. Not enough patients to cover the overhead, and unlike in Toronto and Vancouver, we couldn't do it out of a storefront, so hardly anyone knew of its existence.
Although there are a lot of pot users in Ottawa, the city remains culturally anchored somewhere before 1964 where cannabis is concerned.
In the spring of 2014, after the Harper government passed new medical pot regulations and our designated growers were no longer permitted to grow for us - we were left holding the empty bag, so to speak. Many medpot card-holders filed lawsuits against the federal government demanding compensation after the program was shut down and replaced with Marihuana For Medical Purposes Regulations. Our suit calculated the cost of an ounce of pot per day (enough for the both of us) at $15 a gram, indexed, for 40 years.
We have been living on marijuana charity ever since. On ODSP and trying to reduce our collective symptoms by spending almost all our money each month on the healthiest food we can afford, we have basically $50 a month in a good month to spend on our medicine.
Many marijuana patients and suppliers across the country have come to our aid, sending vials of Rick Simpson oil, hash, dabbing goo of various kinds and bud - all of it top-shelf and totally free of charge.
One guy even sent us a baby food jar with 28 grams - a full ounce - of high-octane shatter. That jar sat on my desk next to my vape pens for weeks, and every time I felt like going off and drinking myself into a towering stupor, I would have some of that dab and the feeling would fade.
These donations have literally saved our lives.
But what the future holds is anyone's guess. The government has just passed new medical marijuana regulations that will allow medpot users to grow their own, within certain limits.
The new Health Canada regulations, however, say no one can get pot legally from a dispensary. We can't get it from other patients or growers. And growers and patients can't sell their medicine to other patients. We are only allowed to buy marijuana from government-authorized licensed producers. Even accepting charity, we would be in violation of our permits. Our choice is between suffering and violating the regs.
Russell Barth is an Ottawa-based medical marijuana user and activist and co-author and illustrator of the children's book Mommy's Funny Medicine.
news@nowtoronto.com | @nowtoronto
In this tutorial, we're going to build a machine to sort your Halloween candy, using the Raspberry Pi, the BrickPi, some LEGOs, and Google Cloud Vision.
Pile of candy too big this year?
Need to sort the junk from the gold? Have a certain candy you hate? Fear not, the BrickPi Candy Sorter is here to help! In this tutorial we'll harness the powerful Google Cloud Vision, the BrickPi, the Raspberry Pi, the Pi Camera, and a pile of LEGO bricks to build a machine to find what you want (and don't want) automatically! After you run the BrickPi Candy Sorter, you'll have a pile of candy you want, and the junk you can give your little brother.
“Robots are coming for Dirty, Dangerous, and Dull Jobs”; sorting candy isn't dangerous or dirty (hope not!), but it is kind of dull. The BrickPi Candy Sorter using Google Cloud Vision solves this problem!
A Quick Overview
First, we'll make a python list of the candy we like and a list of the candy we don't like. After we fire up the python program, you're going to dump your unsorted candy into the machine. The individual candy bars will be sorted onto a conveyor belt. The conveyor belt dumps the piece of candy into the imaging basket.
Once they're dumped into the imaging basket, the ultrasonic sensor is tripped and the BrickPi turns off the conveyor belt. In the imaging basket, the Raspberry Pi camera will take a picture of the candy bar and upload it to the Google Cloud Vision, asking for a brand label.
Google Cloud Vision will search the image and return its best guess for what the brand is of the object (candy) in the picture.
Finally we'll compare the value returned by Google Cloud Vision to a list of candy we want to keep, and a list we want to give to our brother. The candy sorter will dump in one direction if it's a keeper, and another if it's a reject! As a final touch, the speaker will yell out loud whether it was Good Candy or Bad Candy, and what brand candy it found.
Tools and Materials
You will also need a Google Cloud account. Fear not, we have instructions here on how to set up a Google Cloud Account, and the first 60 days are free! You can use your existing Google or Gmail account to set it up, and it takes about 10 minutes to set up.
Build the Google Cloud Vision and the Raspberry Pi Camera Sorting Machine
Coming soon: LDRAW Diagrams.
Wire Up the Raspberry Pi
To finish the project, you'll need to connect a few things:
The Conveyor Belt Motor goes into Motor Port B.
The Imaging Basket Servo connects to Motor Port C.
The Rake (the motor on top) connects to Motor Port D.
The Raspberry Pi Power Supply connects to the Micro USB Port of the Raspberry Pi.
The BrickPi Power Pack connects to the power port of the BrickPi.
Remember to connect the Camera! We'll be using a Raspberry Pi Camera with the Raspberry Pi, here are some directions on setting up the camera.
These Raspberry Pi Camera set up directions assume you're using Raspbian for Robots on your SD Card. You can buy an SD Card with Raspbian for Robots on it, or you can download it for free and install it using our directions here. If you're not using Raspbian for Robots, you will need to take additional steps to enable and set up your camera; here are some directions on setting up the camera.
Prepare the Raspberry Pi Software
The example python program is located on our Github Repo here. You should also check out our Github Repo on using the Raspberry Pi Camera with Google Cloud Vision here.
Since we're using Raspbian for Robots, there are only a few changes that need to be made to the software. All of them are specific to using Google Cloud Vision on the Raspberry Pi. We have a very thorough tutorial on how to get set up here. In short you'll need to run the following in the command line:
sudo pip install --upgrade pip sudo apt-get install libjpeg8-dev sudo pip install --upgrade google-api-python-client sudo pip install --upgrade Pillow sudo apt-get install python-picamera, espeak
Finally, you'll need to upload your Google Application Credentials in JSON to the Raspberry Pi. Use an FTP program (such as FileZilla) or for Windows users Samba (see our tutorial here!) to move the JSON file over to your Raspberry Pi. Place the JSON file in the home directory (“/home/pi”).
Next, we'll turn on Super User and make our credentials available. In the command line, type the command “su”:
su
You may need to run sudo su and you may need to enter in your password. Next, we'll make the JSON credentials available to Python. In the command line, run the following:
export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=filename.json
Be sure to substitute your JSON filename in this command with the name of the file you have on your Raspberry Pi.
Finally, we'll download the code. Again, this should go into the home directory:
cd /home/pi
sudo wget https://github.com/DexterInd/BrickPi_Python/raw/master/Project_Examples/candysorter/candy.py
List your Gold (or Trash)
Opening up the python program
sudo nano candy.py
we'll see up on lines 30 and 31, we have two lists: one of good candy (“good_candy”) and one of bad candy going to our little brother Steve (“bad_candy”).
good_candy = ['Mars','Milky Way','Bounty'] bad_candy = ['Juicy Fruit','Doublemint', 'Snickers']
Add all the candy names you like. Note that the code will default to “bad” so if it's not on the list, it's not going into the good pile! In my example, I am not really interested in gum, and I hate Snickers. On the other hand, I love Bounty, Mars, and Miky Way, which are all in the Good Candy pile!
Run the Program
Make sure you're still in superuser mode. If you see the word ‘root' at the beginning of the prompt, then you're already in superuser mode. If you don't see ‘root' run in the command line:
su python candy.py
And the response should look something like this:
And if we examine the photo from the basket:
Indeed, it was a Milky Way, my favorite!
More Candy?
Aside from the cute tricks with LEGO, some awesome computing power is going on. In this project, we've harnessed some high-end computing power to do a simple task: sort your candy. We're using a lot of computing power: a Raspberry Pi linked to the Cloud and accessing Google Vision – that's a whole lot of computers for sorting candy! Humans are still in charge of the robots and candy-sorting is serious business when you're two years old!
While the task may seem simple, that's kind of the point. This tutorial demonstrates a really simple but boring task that can be automated with Google Cloud Vision. Making this technology accessible is important, and combining Google Cloud Vision and the Raspberry Pi Camera does that!
The robots are coming, and they'll probably be running Google Cloud Vision!
More Questions?
Ask on our forums here!
Bonus
Watch a quick video of my 2 year old son explaining the machine here.
Bulgaria has handed over to Turkey Abdullah Buyuk, a Turkish businessman whose extradition Ankara sought in connection with his alleged close links with U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen blamed as the mastermind of the failed coup attempt in Turkey.
Buyuk was handed over to the Turkish authorities on Wednesday, Bulgarian public TV broadcaster BNT reported.
The Ministry of the Interior in Sofia announced in a brief statement late on Wednesday that the Turkish citizen was sent back to Turkey because he had failed to leave Bulgaria within the time frame specified in his residence permit.
A Bulgarian court rejected a request of the Turkish authorities to extradite Buyuk over links to Fethullah Gulen in March 2016.
Ankara describes Gulen and his movement, to which it refers as a terrorist organization, as the driving force behind the attempted military coup on July 15.
Submitted by Jim Quinn via The Burning Platform blog,
When six mega-corporations who depend upon other mega-corporations, Wall Street banks and political parties for their revenue, control all of the news and information flowing to the masses, you have all the ingredients needed to control, influence and mold the opinions, tastes and ideas of the people. We are being manipulated by men who constitute the real government, hiding in the shadows and pulling the strings. Nothing reported by these six mega-corporation media mouthpieces for the oligarchs can be trusted. Their job is to cover up, subvert, and obscure the truth. And best of all, they have succeeded in convincing the people we are free and informed. Edward Bernays would be so proud.
h/t flash
“The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society. Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country. …We are governed, our minds are molded, our tastes formed, our ideas suggested, largely by men we have never heard of. This is a logical result of the way in which our democratic society is organized. Vast numbers of human beings must cooperate in this manner if they are to live together as a smoothly functioning society. …In almost every act of our daily lives, whether in the sphere of politics or business, in our social conduct or our ethical thinking, we are dominated by the relatively small number of persons…who understand the mental processes and social patterns of the masses. It is they who pull the wires which control the public mind.” Edward Bernays – Propaganda – 1928
Believe...
In the face of this expansion, Mr. Newmark is becoming more of a public figure, capitalizing on his success to promote causes that include supporting the Barack Obama campaign and financing investigative journalism — not, he insists, to compensate for any damage Craigslist has done to the newspaper business, which he calls “an urban myth.”
Sitting in a coffee shop in San Francisco a month ago, explaining his plans in neat mathematical style, Mr. Newmark presented an unassuming public presence. He was perched on an ordinary seat, a six-year-old Prius parked nearby, a Kangol beret on his balding head.
He used to spend two-thirds of his time working on customer service issues (including notifying an Internet service provider about a scammer on the site), he said, and the remaining third on “founder issues,” a catchall term he uses for his public-spirited work. That division, he said, would now be half and half.
But before he can extricate himself from customer issues, Mr. Newmark will have to resolve some of the growing business and legal complexities that surround Craigslist, a laid-back operation that is bumping into tough-minded competitors.
A Delaware lawsuit accuses him and Mr. Buckmaster of boardroom chicanery, an assertion they emphatically deny. Their accuser is the online giant eBay, which became a minority shareholder in 2004, with a stake of roughly 28 percent.
And while officials at Craigslist, including Mr. Newmark, maintain that for many years he has not had a significant leadership role there, the eBay lawsuit describes Mr. Newmark, in addition to being a large shareholder, as chairman (the board has two members; it had been three).
The suit was set in motion by eBay's decision to introduce a rival online-classified site, Kijiji, in the United States last year. Kijiji is already the market leader in Canada, Germany, Italy and Taiwan.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
EBay's complaint contends that after the Kijiji move, Mr. Newmark and Mr. Buckmaster plotted in secret to dilute eBay's influence in the company, including an effort to deprive it of its board seat. The lawsuit asks the court to reverse those provisions.
Craigslist is expected to respond to the complaint this month, but on its blog it offered an assessment: “Sadly, we have an uncomfortably conflicted shareholder in our midst, one that is obsessed with dominating online classifieds for the purpose of maximizing its own profits.”
The phrase “maximizing its own profits” broadly outlines the fight between the two companies.
Despite its success, Craigslist prides itself on its grass-roots instincts and user-based content — including harnessing its users to identify and block bad actors on the site. Even broad strategic decisions, such as which areas to expand into, are described as reflecting user requests made at online forums at the site.
As the complaint indicated, last year Mr. Buckmaster wrote to Meg Whitman, then the chief executive of eBay, saying, “We are no longer comfortable having eBay as a shareholder, and wish to explore options for our repurchase, or for otherwise finding a new home for these shares.”
Photo
In an e-mail message of its own, eBay stressed that the two companies would remain joined. “We would obviously prefer to see this resolved without litigation,” eBay wrote. “With that said, we will only accept a resolution that preserves our rights and the full value of our investment in Craigslist. We will continue to act openly and in good faith as a minority shareholder.”
The competition between the companies is also heating up outside court. EBay has recently sent e-mail messages to its users promoting Kijiji, and Craigslist in the last few weeks has added 120 cities, half of them overseas, where Kijiji has been dominant.
The Web sites' expansion comes as newspapers are experiencing a steep downturn in classified advertising, magnified by the badly depressed housing market and weaker overall economy. Print classified advertising declined 16 percent last year, to $14.2 billion, according to the Newspaper Association of America, below the 1996 level, even without adjusting for inflation.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In this straitened market, Craigslist becomes shorthand for the threat that online advertising outlets are seen as posing to newspapers.
Mr. Buckmaster responds, saying that Craigslist has no sales force and has not sought to win over newspaper advertisers, in contrast to companies like the job-listing site Monster. “That to me is a direct attack on newspapers,” he said. “We put a service out there.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“There are bigger things that have been more problematic for newspapers,” he added, including circulation losses and basic mismanagement. “Newspapers have an enormous amount of debt. That is not something that can be laid at our doorstep.”
Clayton Frink is the publisher of The Capital Times in Madison, Wis., where Craigslist arrived in 2005. The newspaper late last month stopped printing daily, adopting a Web strategy and printing weekly.
“They have ads we would have had once upon a time,” he said, but added that his staff did not consider it “No. 1 or No. 2 or 3 of Web sites that hurt our business.” The bigger enemy, he said, is the changing marketplace, noting that large employers used to buy a page and a half for job listings and “now they put in a small ad saying to see their Web site.”
“What Craigslist does well is build a community and a feel of a community,” he said. “Building communities is going to be critical for any online product, whether a newspaper or not.”
Also, Craigslist no longer sneaks up on local newspapers. Sammy Lopez, publisher of The Daily Times in Farmington, said: “We've been kind of watching them. You can get on Craigslist and see if people have been requesting a site. I asked someone to look at that four or five months ago, and saw that they had.”
He said the knowledge that Craigslist would be arriving someday led the paper to improve its online presentation of classified ads, creating more categories and clear entry points. He noted that a vibrant classified-ad section was both a revenue source and a reason that people buy the paper and visit the Web site.
Mr. Newmark is a believer in the power of technology to improve life — whether in the blogging he does for Mr. Obama, a visit he recently made to Israel where he argued in favor of microloans and technological innovation to build up the Palestinian economy, or the use of online tools to make government more transparent.
He promotes these projects on his personal blog. As of the last couple of weeks, he has been writing posts on Twitter.com, too.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The list of good-government and good-journalism Web sites Mr. Newmark is involved with — sometimes financially, but more often as adviser and advocate in the Silicon Valley world — speak for themselves: factcheck.org, sunlightfoundation.com, PRWatch.org, NewsTrust.net, publicintegrity.org.
An article in The Observer of London two years ago described him as “readying his armory of cash to invest in citizen journalism projects.” Mr. Newmark says he never donated more than $20,000 to any organization.
But he has not followed the common path to Silicon Valley philanthropy — create a successful Web site, sell the Web site either to a larger company or through an initial public offering, acquire a pile of cash, then give away part of that.
While unwilling to discuss his wealth, he said he could be a lot richer if he wanted to. “We know these guys in Google and the eBay guys,“ he said, “and they are not any happier than anyone else. A lot of money is a burden.”
Contingency measures agreed as nearly two-thirds of 1,297 charged with riot-related offences are remanded in custody
The prison population of England and Wales has hit a new record high of 86,608 people, with a rise of nearly 700 this week as the courts took the exceptional step of remanding into custody almost two-thirds of those charged with riot-related offences.
Prison governors said that the system now faced "an unprecedented situation" because of the riots, and emergency contingency measures had been agreed with prison service chiefs in case the rise in inmate numbers continued unabated.
The Prison Governors Association said the medium- to long-term measures included opening sufficient new and refurbished jail accommodation to avoid the normal emergency measure of using police cells.
The governors said they were confident the situation could be managed safely.
The record prison numbers are putting the jails and young offender institutions under increasing pressure; there are only 1,485 spare places in the system before prison governors have to put out the "jail full" signs.
Prison service chiefs are expected to outline the new contingency measures on Friday, including increased overcrowding by doubling and even trebling inmates in cells designed for single occupation.
Prison governors had already warned that the riots have put further strains on an already-stretched prison system, with inmates being moved out of London and Manchester to create space for rioters being sent to jail or remanded in custody awaiting trial.
The Ministry of Justice said that its latest figures, up to noon on Wednesday, showed that 1,297 people had appeared before magistrates charged with riot-related offences. A total of 772, or 65%, had been remanded in custody, compared with the "normal" remand rate for serious offences being 10%.
"This is causing massive problems for prisons," said Harry Fletcher, of Napo, the probation officers' union. There are so many of them coming through the system, it is causing considerable problems. When people are being held so far from home it causes real difficulties for their families." He said that Nottingham jail alone had been sent a group of 30 prisoners from London this week.
The total prison population on Friday last week stood at 85,931, which included 607 immigration detainees. As space runs out so the potential for work, education or rehabilitation will be "zero", claimed Fletcher.
The justice secretary, Kenneth Clarke, will be hoping that the developing pressures on the prison system are purely temporary, otherwise they have the capacity to derail his plans to stabilise the jail population and bring in his "rehabilitation revolution".
The normal pressure valve for the prison system when it comes close to capacity is to put into effect Operation Safeguard, which involves emergency use of police cells to house prisoners. But that option is now closed off as forces stay prepared for any further disturbances.
In the medium-term the prison service might be able to add portable accommodation within the perimeters of existing jails, and no doubt in the longer-term the prospect of finding a new prison ship could be raised.
The prison service has already announced plans to close two small jails, Latchmere House, in London, and Brockhill prison, at Redditch, Worcestershire, next month. One option could be to postpone these closures if the pressure on jails continues to rise at the current rate.
A Ministry of Justice spokeswoman said that there were enough places for those being sent to prison, including in young offender institutions, following the riots: "There is substantial capacity in the prison system. We will provide prison places for those committed to custody by the courts. We are developing contingencies should exceptional pressure be placed on the prison estate."
Frederik Andersen and John Gibson will share the William M. Jennings Trophy, which is awarded to the goalie who plays at least 25 games for the team with the fewest goals against in the regular season.
As the tandem in net for the Anaheim Ducks, they earned that honour.
The award amounts to a prize for the lowest Goals Against Average (GAA), and as the understanding of NHL statistics has grown, it's widely understood that GAA, like +/- is much more reflective of team play than individual goaltending skill.
This year if the award was given to the goalie who met the games requirement and had the lowest personal GAA, it would be Ben Bishop receiving it. Gibson is second and Andersen is 13th.
Since it's a team award, merely accepted by the goalies, Gibson and Andersen are being acknowledged for the Ducks finishing the season allowing only 188 goals. The Washington Capitals are second with 191 and the Los Angeles Kings are third with 192.
Toronto finished 25th with 240, tied with the Colorado Avalanche.
The other goalie trophy, the Vezina, the one that's voted on by the General Mangers, often has an unstated relationship to goals against. This year's nominees are:
Name Team GAA League Ranking All Situations Save % League Ranking Team Goals Against League Ranking Ben Bishop Tampa Bay Lightning 2.06 2 0.926 2 198 5 Braden Holtby Washington Capitals 2.20 6 0.922 8 191 2 Jonathan Quick Los Angeles Kings 2.22 7 0.918 21 192 3
Ben Bishop said in an interview that he didn't expect to win, but that the numbers were in his favour, and it's hard to argue with him. It's also fairly easy to see that being the starter for a team with low goals against helps get you a nomination for this award.
The Jennings, not very highly regarded, unlike the storied Vezina, will be awarded this year to two men who have been rivals for one job their whole careers. Andersen, now a member of the Toronto Maple Leafs, will be there in his last act as a Duck, and when it's over, he gets to look to his future.
The Leafs, meanwhile, need to do something about those goals against.
KOCHI: An NIA special court in Kochi on Friday sentenced 10 accused in the sensational palm chopping case to 8 years of rigorous imprisonment each.Court sentenced the 10 accused for various offences of IPC and UAPA, with the maximum punishment being 8 years rigorous imprisonment. The court also ordered for giving Rs 8 lakh compensation to the victim from the fine amounts paid by the convicts.P Sasidharan, judge of the court for trial of NIA cases, had earlier found guilty 13 of the accused under various IPC offences, including attempted murder, as well as for offences under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA).They had chopped off a palm of a college professor for ‘blaspheming' Prophet Mohammed in a question paper prepared by him.The 10 accused were sentenced to 8 years rigorous imprisonment for UAPA offences. They were also sentenced to 8 years RI for attempted murder. However, the sentences are to run concurrently, the court said.Five years after the incident that took place at 8am on July 4, 2010, the court on Friday also sentenced 10 of the accused under UAPA for being members of a terrorist gang.As per prosecution case, the professor was returning along with his mother and sister after attending Sunday mass at a local church when they were waylaid and attacked by a seven-member gang, allegedly members of Popular Front of India (PFI). Savad Meerankutty, the first accused in the case, is yet to be arrested, so is 28th accused MK Naser, who allegedly took part in all the conspiracies for the attack.After trial, the court had acquitted 18 of the accused, including a district-level leader of PFI for want of evidence.Members of the gang who were sentenced by the court are second accused KH Jamal Hassan of Chowwara near Aluva, third accused KM Shobin of Venduvazhi in Kothamangalam, fifth accused Shamsudeen Makkar alias Shamsu of Mukundapuram near Vengola, sixth accused Shanavas Abdulla alias Shemeer of Valluvalli near Kottuvalli, and seventh accused Pareeth Aliyar of Manakkamoola near Kizhakkambalam.The court had found that the gang committed a terrorist act on the ground of religious faith and promoted disharmony among religions. They were found guilty by the court for unlawful assembly, rioting with deadly weapon, wrongful restraint, causing grievous hurt using dangerous weapons, criminal intimidation, promoting religious enmity, and attempted murder.
Editor's Note:
We're pleased to announce that the Office 365 Partner Admin mobile app is now available for Windows Phone.
Today's post was written by Adam Jung, senior product marketing manager on the Office 365 team.
If you are an Office 365 partner managing your customers Office 365 tenant, hopefully you are already using the Office 365 Partner admin center portal, which gives you several tools to manage customers including, a view of all of your customers, the service health of individual customers, and the ability to manage service requests and perform administrative tasks on behalf of a customer.
Today we are extending the Partner admin center experience with a new Office 365 Partner admin mobile app, available now for Android and iOS and coming soon for Windows Phone. The Office 365 Partner admin mobile app gives partners additional flexibility to manage and administer your customers. If you have access to the main Office 365 partner admin center portal, you can sign in to the Office 365 Partner admin app using your same credentials.
Here are some of the key things you can do with the Office 365 Partner admin app:
Easily view, search and access customer information for which you have delegated admin privileges.
View each of your customer's current service health status.
View a customer's open service requests.
View a customer's Message Center communications for important service information.
Take action to manage your customer including accessing user accounts taking action like resetting user passwords.
Get the app today!
For Android (4.1 and up) download the app from Google Play.
For iOS (7 and up), download the app from the Apple App Store.
What's next?
The Office 365 Partner admin app complements the Office 365 Partner admin center portal to give partners greater flexibility in managing and administering their customers. We will add more capabilities over time, so please provide input on additional functionality that would be of most value using the Feedback button in the settings section of the app.
Frequently asked questions
Q. What are the main differences between the main Office 365 Partner admin center portal and the Office 365 Partner admin mobile app?
A. The Office 365 partner admin mobile app is a subset of functionality available in the main Office 365 Partner admin center portal. The app focuses on the primary actions that are likely to be taken by a partner in a mobile scenario. The full Partner admin center portal provides additional information about a customer's environment and enables you to perform several administration and configuration tasks on behalf of the customer.
Q. Are there any differences in the app across Windows Phone, Android and iOS?
A. The capabilities are similar across the platforms.
Q. What languages is the app available in?
A. The app is currently available in English.
—Adam Jung
Authored by Tsvetana Paraskova via OilPrice.com,
The four countries leading the boycott against Qatar are going back to their list of 13 demands for Doha to meet before talks can start, essentially reverting the Arab Gulf spat back to square one.
At the same time, economic data for June shows that Qatar's imports plummeted due to the blockade imposed by most of its neighbors, and foreign deposits at Qatari banks dropped to their lowest in nearly two years.
However, Qatar has a huge sovereign wealth fund, and boasts considerable foreign exchange reserves. Although Qatar's non-oil economy is expected to see some pressure due to the fact that it has to use alternative trade routes, the world's largest LNG exporter has not seen its LNG trade disrupted yet, which is precisely why analysts do not see the blockade as potentially crippling Qatar's economy. Rather, they see it as merely straining economic growth.
Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt, and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) – the four countries leading the boycott on Qatar – issued on June 22 a list of 13 demands to Qatar, which included severing ties with Saudi archrival Iran, and shutting down the Al-Jazeera TV network.
Two weeks ago, diplomats from the four countries signaled that they no longer wanted Qatar to comply with the 13 demands, instead proposing six broad principles that they want Qatar to sign onto. The principles included denying safe havens and financing to terrorists, combating terrorism and extremism, stopping incitement of hatred and violence, and refraining from interfering in the internal politics of other countries, the New York Times reported.
This past Sunday, however, the four countries said that apart from the six principles, they insisted on Qatar meeting those 13 demands, reverting to their original conditions, which analysts had thought were too steep for Qatar to meet.
“We are back to square one,” Abdullah Al-Shayji, a political science professor at Kuwait University, told Bloomberg, commenting on the latest twist in the Qatar crisis. “We have not progressed an inch because we were under the impression that the 13 demands were not only null and void but channeled into six principles. It seems that they are not budging and are escalating,” Al-Shayji said.
The blockade imposed by the four states is forcing Qatar to seek alternative—and more expensive—routes for trade, and its imports dropped in June by 40 percent compared to June last year, Bloomberg data show.
Qatar is flying in cows from Germany to address milk demand, and is arranging new shipping routes through ports in neutral Oman.
But Qatar's continuing oil and gas exports, as well as significant forex reserves, are the reason why analysts are not as pessimistic as they would have been if LNG trade were disrupted or cash reserves low. The latest Reuters poll on the Gulf economies lowered expectations for Qatar's economic growth this year to 2.3 percent from the previous 3.5-percent-growth forecast. Still, analysts expected Qatar to outperform most of its neighbors, including Saudi Arabia whose median GDP growth estimate was reduced to just 0.1 percent this year, from 0.5 percent expected earlier.
The Qatar Central Bank has US$40 billion in cash reserves plus gold, while the Qatar Investment Authority has US$300 billion in reserves that it could liquidate, the Governor of Qatar Central Bank, Sheikh Abdulla Bin Saud Al-Thani, told CNBC in an interview in early July, one month into the blockade. “We have enough cash to preserve any - any kind of shock,” the governor said.
Qatar's LNG flows are stable, Steve Hill, Executive Vice-President for Gas and Energy Marketing and Trading at one of the largest LNG traders, Shell, said on July 10.
On July 4, Moody's changed the outlook on Qatar's rating to negative from stable, on expectations that the dispute would not end quickly. But the rating agency affirmed the long-term issuer and senior unsecured debt ratings of Qatar, citing “sizable net asset position of the government and exceptionally high levels of wealth.”
“Moody's also acknowledges the fact that as long as hydrocarbon exports are not disrupted, the ongoing dispute will not affect the overwhelming majority of foreign exchange receipts in the current account balance and the bulk of government revenues,” the rating agency noted.
An end to the dispute is currently nowhere in sight. Just a day after the four states reverted to their 13 demands, Qatar said that it had filed a complaint with the World Trade Organization (WTO) to challenge the boycott.
Qatar requested consultations with Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, and the UAE, triggering a 60-day period for the three countries to either settle the trade complaint or face litigation at the WTO, Reuters reported, citing the director of Qatar's WTO office Ali Alwaleed al-Thani.
The Chesapeake Bay's cleanup may be delayed "several decades" by the slow pace at which farm pollution is being flushed from ground water on the Delmarva Peninsula, a new study says.
The research by the U.S. Geological Survey also suggests pollution control efforts on Eastern Shore farms may need to be increased in order to achieve hoped-for water quality improvements.
Using a computer model to simulate ground-water flows, USGS scientists found that when nitrogen from fertilized farm fields on the Shore soaks into the ground, it takes 20 to 40 years on average for the nutrient-laden water to make its way underground into streams and rivers. Ground water now oozing into bay tributaries is likely carrying pollution picked up by rainfall decades ago, researchers said.
"It's just going to take time for changes at the land surface to show up in the streams," said Ward E. Sanford, a USGS hydrologist in Reston, Va. and lead author of the study, which was published in Environmental Science & Technology.
Nitrogen and phosphorus are the two plant nutrients in sewage and fertilizer that foul the bay, feeding its algae blooms and "dead zones." Both are washed off the land into streams whenever it rains, but nitrogen dissolves in water, so it also soaks down into the soil, ultimately reaching the water table.
Bay scientists have long realized that there's a "lag time" between when nitrogen seeps down into the ground and when it resurfaces in a stream or river. Most had estimated the delay was a decade or even more, but the new study suggests it's longer.
Sanford said the lag time likely explains why nitrogen levels in the Choptank and Nanticoke rivers have risen rather than declined, despite expanded efforts to control runoff from the many farms in their watersheds.
"People, including managers and political leaders, in general underappreciate the length of time that will be required for pollution loads to decline as a result of management actions," said Donald F. Boesch, president of the University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science.
Indeed, the computer modeling on which the Environmental Protection Agency has based its bay "pollution diet" does not factor in the ground-water lag at all, Sanford said.
And the study indicates that the ground-water lag may require even greater efforts be made to reduce farm pollution than previously projected in order to achieve the bay cleanup goals, Sanford said.
"Enough is known to include lag times in the models so that they better represent reality," UM"s Boeach said in an email. "This should be a priority."
But Boesch also suggested that ground-water lag may not fully explain the failure of nitrogen levels to drop as much in streams as expected. It may be, he contended, that "the management practices are not as effective as we thought. As we progress toward restoration goals, we need to better sort this out."
Studies have shown that certain nutrient-absorbing practices, such as planting "cover crops" in winter, reduce the amount of nitrogen that soaks into the ground water, said Ken Staver, associate research scientist at the University of Maryland's Wye Research and Education Center. But other farm pollution practices haven't been proven as effective yet, Staver said, and there's no large-scale monitoring to tell if pollution-control measures on farms are really reducing nitrogen leaching into the ground water.
A further complication, Sanford said, is that information isn't publicly available on what pollution controls are on what farms, so it's not possible to match them up with water-quality measurements in a given stream. USGS is now working with the U.S. Department of Agriculture, he explained, on a study that aims to bridge that information gap on a single bay tributary, the Chester River.
There are indications that farm pollution control efforts may be having an effect, Sanford said. While the study, found nitrogen contamination in Shore ground water continues to increase, he said, it's at a much lower rate and appears to be leveling off.
However, until further studies are complete, he added, it's not clear that the slowing of nitrogen buildup in ground water is actually from pollution control efforts.
Sanford's co-author was USGS scientist Jason Pope in Richmond, Va.
[van id=”van/ns-acc/2017/01/15/NE-009SA_CNNA-ST1-1000000003c1cd4f”]
A nanny in Long Island, New York, is facing multiple charges after allegedly burning a 2-year-old boy with a hot curling iron Thursday because she was frustrated that the boy wouldn't listen to her.
Angela Persaud noticed a burn on her son Xander's hand as she was giving him a bath, local television station WABC reported.
When she asked what happened, the boy told her the nanny had burned him.
Persaud then checked her nanny camera, which had recorded the entire incident.
“You see her with the curling iron, and she touches it to make sure that it's hot,” Persaud told WABC. “And then when he jumps because it burns him, she continues to touch his foot again and then goes for his hand.”
Persaud called police after watching the video.
“You can tell that she's telling him, ‘That's what happens when you don't listen,' and then she hugs him,” Persaud told WABC. “So she's playing these warped mind games with my child, and it's the most disgusting thing I've ever witnessed in my life.”
Authorities arrested 21-year-old Nosipho Nxumalo, who they say later admitted she had been frustrated with the child and was trying to discipline him.
“It was a long week and I was tired. The child wouldn't listen so I wanted to discipline him with the iron, so I burned him with it,” Nxumalo told to authorities.
She has been charged with two counts of assault, criminal possession of a weapon and endangering the welfare of a child, according to WABC.
THE government is expected to target one of the more delicate areas of medical care - cosmetic genital surgery - in its search for cuts to the cost of Medicare.
The increase in so-called ''designer vagina'' surgical procedures is expected to come under tougher scrutiny in relation to eligibility for Medicare benefits in Tuesday's budget.
The procedure is one of several operations that can be performed outside hospital and thus attract the benefit of the Medicare safety net which considerably reduces the out-of-pocket cost of expensive surgery.
Vulvoplasty or labioplasty, sought by patients to improve the shape and size of the vagina, and to treat painful or embarrassing conditions, can be eligible for Medicare payments if deemed to be clinically necessary, but not if performed purely for cosmetic reasons. The operation can cost about $4500.
However the number of these procedures done outside hospital attracting payments under the Medicare safety net has nearly doubled in recent years to 191 in 2010, at a cost of $427,551.
WARSAW — Piotr Zaremba pounded the bass drum slung from his neck with utter absorption while leading the chant, in English: “Let's go, Eagles, let's go!”
Mr. Zaremba, 26, who works for a children's animation company, explained later that when the Warsaw Eagles are on the field he simply cannot be distracted. “American football is a religion to me,” he said.
Religion is not a word that is tossed around lightly in Poland, and Mr. Zaremba really seems to mean it. As a founder of the Eagle's Nest, the official fan club for one of the top teams in the Polish American Football League, he is at the epicenter of what has become, somewhat improbably, one of this country's fastest growing sports.
The relationship between the United States and Poland is a complex and emotional one, and among the ways to view it these days is through the prism of full-contact football.
Universal's reimagining of the classic gangster pic “Scarface” looks to have hit small bump in the road, as sources tell Variety that director Antoine Fuqua has departed the project.
Insiders say Sony and Denzel Washington want a sequel to “The Equalizer” very quickly and need Fuqua back to being prepping the film, which caused conflicted with the “Scarface”schedule. Universal still wants the film up and running by the spring, and has already begun meeting with directors so production won't be affected.
Sources have also told Variety that Diego Luna, star of “Rogue One”, is attached to star.
Sources say Fuqua very much wanted to do the film, and that he and his team were still trying to figure out a way to make it work even as Uni was meeting with other directors. But ultimately, Fuqua had already spent so much time developing the script for the next “Equalizer” that he simply couldn't move on from a project he had so much invested in.
The film will be a Bluegrass Films and Global Produce production, and will be produced by Marc Shmuger, Scott Stuber, and Dylan Clark. Marty Bregman, producer of the 1983 “Scarface” film, will also produce.
“Boardwalk Empire” creator Terence Winter penned the most recent draft.
The pic is a reimagining of the core immigrant story told in both the 1932 and 1983 films. The new film will be set in Los Angeles and will focus on a Mexican immigrant.
Exec VP of production Jon Mone and VP of production Jay Polidoro will oversee the project for Universal.
Fuqua is repped by CAA.
Last year I wrote about the regrettable case of Junius Peake, a former economics professor at the University of Northern Colorado, who reacted to a student's rather silly parody of him by calling the cops.
What was appalling about the story was not just that Petty Professor Peake reacted to satire by involving the cops. What was truly appalling was that the cops bit, and Deputy District Attorney Susan Knox authorized a search warrant for the student author's home, on the theory that the overt satire was criminal libel.
This week FIRE has an update — the District Court has, in an order granting summary judgment against prosecutor Susan Knox, found that she is liable for violating the student satirist Thomas Mink's rights. More specifically, the court found that Knox was not entitled to qualified immunity because, in light of the patently satirical nature of Mink's site, no reasonable prosecutor could have believed that the warrant established probable cause that Mink had committed criminal libel. (Knox is only entitled to qualified immunity because approving search warrants is a discretionary function, not a core prosecutorial function.)
This is an important and admirable victory — all the more so because it is so appallingly rare for prosecutors to be held liable for misconduct. Prosecutors have a legal and ethical obligation to be more than a mere rubber-stamp for law enforcement demands — they have an obligation to see that the execution of justice does not violate the clearly established constitutional rights of suspects and defendants. Here Susan Knox willingly let the criminal justice system be the lawless tool of a censorious, thin-skinned, and ultimately ridiculous thug. This puts a black mark by her name — and should.
You can read the opinion through the FIRE link.
Last 5 posts by Ken White
As Israel carries on its search for kidnapped teenagers Gil-ad Shaar, Eyal Yifrach, and Naftali Fraenkel, Israeli doctors of Save a Child's Heart ( SACH continue to save the lives of Palestinian children at the Wolfson Medical Center in Holon.
Since the beginning of Operation Brother's Keeper, five Palestinian children have undergone life-saving heart surgery at Wolfson, eight Palestinian children were admitted, including two urgent cases brought by ambulances from the West Bank and from Gaza, and 15 children are expected to arrive this week to the SACH free weekly cardiology clinic for Palestinian children.
“Children are children”‘ says Dr. Lior Sasson, SACH chief surgeon, “for us it doesn't matter where the children come from, every child deserves to receive the best medical treatment and children from both sides, shouldn't be a part of the conflict.”
The Israeli medical team of SACH says they are continuing with their activity without letting the situation around interfere or influence them.
“We are continuing with our work, this is what distinguishes us as Israelis, the ability to ignore what is happening around and continue with our sacred work of saving children's lives,” said Dr. Sasson.
Background
Hanotea company
Palästina Treuhandstelle (Palestine Trustee Office[12]), established specifically to assist Jews fleeing the Nazi regime to recover some portion of the assets they had been forced to surrender when they fled Nazi Germany. Transfer agreement used by the(Palestine Trustee Office), established specifically to assist Jews fleeing the Nazi regime to recover some portion of the assets they had been forced to surrender when they fled Nazi Germany. Hanotea (Hebrew: הנוטע, "the Planter") was a citrus planting company based in Netanya and established in 1929 by long-established Jewish settlers in Palestine involved in the Benei Binyamin movement.[13] In a deal worked out with the Reich Economics Ministry, the blocked German bank accounts of prospective immigrants would be unblocked and funds from them used by Hanotea to buy agricultural German goods; these goods, along with the immigrants, would then be shipped to Palestine, and the immigrants would be granted a house or citrus plantation by the company to the same value.[14] Hanotea's director, Sam Cohen, represented the company in direct negotiation with the Reich Economics Ministry beginning in March 1933.[15] In May 1933 Hanotea applied for permission to transfer capital from Germany to Palestine.[15] This pilot arrangement appeared to be operating successfully,[citation needed] and so paved the way for the later Haavara Agreement.
The Transfer Agreement
“ CERTIFICATE
The Trust and Transfer Office "Haavara" Ltd. places at the disposal of the Banks in Palestine amounts in Reichmarks which have been put at its disposal by the Jewish immigrants from Germany. The Banks avail themselves of these amounts in Reichmarks in order to make payments on behalf of Palestinian merchants for goods imported by them from Germany. The merchants pay in the value of the goods to the Banks and the "Haavara" Ltd. pays the countervalue to the Jewish immigrants from Germany. To the same extent that local merchants will make use of this arrangement, the import of German goods will serve to withdraw Jewish capital from Germany.
The Trust and Transfer Office,
HAAVARA, LTD. ” — Example of the certificate issued by Haavara to Jews emigrating to Palestine The Haavara (Transfer) Agreement, negotiated by Eliezer Hoofein, director of the Anglo-Palestine Bank,[16] was agreed to by the Reich Economics Ministry in 1933, and continued, with declining German government support,[17] until it was wound up in 1939.[18] Under the agreement, Jews emigrating from Germany could use their assets to purchase German-manufactured goods for export, thus salvaging their personal assets during emigration. The agreement provided a substantial export market for German factories to British-ruled Palestine. Between November, 1933, and December 31, 1937, 77,800,000 Reichmarks, or $22,500,000, (values in 1938 currency) worth of goods were exported to Jewish businesses in Palestine under the program.[17] By the time the program ended with the start of World War II, the total had risen to 105,000,000 marks (about $35,000,000, 1939 values).[18] Emigrants with capital of £1,000, (about $5,000 in the 1930s currency value) could move to Palestine in spite of severe British restrictions on Jewish immigration under an immigrant investor program similar to the modern EB-5 visa. Under the Transfer Agreement, about 39% of an emigrant's funds were given to Jewish communal economic development projects, leaving individuals with about 43% of the funds.[19][20] The Haavara Agreement was thought among some German circles to be a possible way solve the "Jewish problem." The head of the Middle Eastern division of the foreign ministry, the anti-NSDAP politician Werner Otto von Hentig, supported the policy of settling Jews in Palestine. Hentig believed that if the Jewish population was concentrated in a single foreign entity, then foreign diplomatic policy and containment of the Jews would become easier.[21] Hitler's own support of the Haavara Agreement was unclear and varied throughout the 1930s. Initially, Hitler seemed indifferent to the economic details of the plan, but he supported it in the period from September 1937 to 1939.[22] After the German invasion of Poland in September 1939 the program was ended.[18]
Responses
See also
References
Further reading
Today, the Thomas More Society filed a federal lawsuit against the City of Chicago over its abortion clinic “bubble zone” ordinance. The law makes it illegal to approach within 8 feet of someone who is walking towards an abortion clinic once they are within 50 feet of the entrance, unless that person consents.
This confusing law is being challenged by the Pro-Life Action League and sidewalk counselors who reach out to women who may feel they have no option other than to end their baby's life.
The complaint charges the City, Mayor Rahm Emmanuel, police Superintendent Eddie Johnson and transportation Commissioner Rebekah Scheinfeld with unconstitutionally curtailing the rights of pro-life advocates. A press conference detailing the lawsuit is scheduled at noon (Central) on Tuesday, August 23, 2016, outside of a northside Chicago Planned Parenthood at LaSalle and Division. Speakers include: Thomas More Society Special Counsel Stephen Crampton, Pro-Life Action League Vice-President Ann Scheidler, and sidewalk counselor Veronica Price.
This civil rights action asserts the unconstitutionality of the ‘bubble zone' law under the First and Fourteenth Amendments both on its face, and as applied by the Chicago Police through selective enforcement owing to a misunderstanding of the law and also prejudice against pro-life counselors, which has caused false arrests and harassment of pro-life counselors and advocates.
SUPPORT LIFENEWS! If you like this pro-life article, please help LifeNews.com with a donation!
“The precious right of free speech — so central to our democracy — is being denied to these individuals on the basis of their pro-life beliefs,” explained Thomas Olp, Senior Counsel at the Thomas More Society. “Pro-life advocates are being singled out and their Constitutional protections are being trampled by Chicago's ‘bubble zone' ordinance – a law created solely to discriminate against people who wish to offer abortion-bound women information about alternatives to abortion. No other business or industry is sheltered in this way. Through this law, the mayor and his administration are partnering with abortion vendors to violate the rights of those who wish to reach out to women seeking abortions.”
The court filing document case offers numerous Constitutional violations and other illegal abuses including:
Pro-life advocates being told by a policeman, upon challenging his application of the “bubble zone,” that if he was forced to go get the ordinance from the station he would come back and arrest them.
Police determining and communicating to sidewalk counselors that they were not allowed within 150 feet of an abortion provider's entrance.
Law enforcement personnel insisting that pro-life advocates could only hand literature to someone who asked for it and deciding that the ordinance prohibited any kind of verbal expression by sidewalk counselors.
Police imposing absolute and illegal buffer zones, telling sidewalk counselors that they were prohibited from approaching within 50 feet of the clinic entrance or with 8 feet of persons heading toward the clinic – even outside of the 50 feet “bubble zone.”
Officers stating that the ordinance banned sidewalk counselors from even standing within 8 feet of anyone approaching the abortion facility door.
The complaint also details several wrongful arrests of pro-life sidewalk counselors under the “bubble zone” ordinance and cites rampant abuse of citizen rights without provocation.
Scheidler rallied the pro-life community, saying, “I feel confident we will prevail in court. Only two years ago, the
Supreme Court unanimously struck down a ‘buffer zone' law in Massachusetts. Now it's time for Chicago's unconstitutional ‘bubble zone' to burst.”
Today's guest post comes from hscer, a frequent commenter here at Football Perspective. Hscer is starting a project on his website, MVPQB.Blogspot.com, where he is working on his most valuable quarterback for each season since 1951. Here's a sample chapter today: as always, we thank our guest posters for their contributions.
“When Fifth is First” – Maybe fifth is unkind to Gannon's 2000 season, but he certainly wasn't the best or even top three.
The Stats
Let's begin with a look at the stats from six of the top quarterbacks from 2000: Rich Gannon, Peyton Manning, Daunte Culpepper, Kurt Warner, Jeff Garcia, and Brian Griese.
Quarterback Cmp-Att-(%)-Yd Y/A TD INT PassRt Sk-SkYd ANY/A W-L 4Q/GW RshYd-Rsh-YPC-TD Fum DYAR DVOA Gannon (AP1) 284-473-(60.0%)-3430 7.25 28 11 92.4 28-124 6.73 12-4 3/4 529-89-5.9-4 9 1052 21.4 Manning (MVQB) 357-571-(62.5%)-4413 7.73 33 15 94.7 20-131 7.22 10-6 2/3 116-37-3.1-1 5 1888 38.3 Culpepper 297-474-(62.7%)-3937 8.31 33 16 98 34-181 7.28 11-5 3/4 470-89-5.3-7 11 1352 30.1 Warner 235-347-(67.7%)-3429 9.88 21 18 98.3 20-115 7.97 8-3 1/2 17-18-0.9-0 4 923 28.0 Garcia 355-561-(63.3%)-4278 7.63 31 10 97.6 24-155 7.34 6-10 0/0 414-72-5.8-4 7 1642 31.8 Griese 216-336-(64.3%)-2688 8 19 4 102.9 17-139 7.79 7-3 0/1 102-29-3.5-1 5 1062 34.7
The Argument
Gannon's win here is baffling when you look at the stats in this context: he ranks 5th in DYAR, and 6th in Y/A, ANY/A, Passer Rating, and DVOA. So why did the Associated Press, along with Pro Football Weekly / Pro Football Writers of America and The Sporting News select Gannon as their first-team All-Pro quarterback?
Well, four teams went 12-4 or better, including Gannon's Raiders. The other three teams had Kerry Collins, Steve McNair, and the
Tony Banks–Trent Dilfer combo at quarterback, and Gannon had the best numbers of that group. But even for media types, it usually takes a little more than wins to clinch these awards. McNair, with 2847 yards and 15 TD on the 13-3 defending AFC Champion Titans, was likely not considered by anyone.
Gannon's 2000 season also lacks any run of dominance that might have caused voters to lock up their choice early. Compare his season progression to Manning's. Oakland started the year 8-1 as Gannon had 1849 yards, 14 TD, and a 91.8 passer rating. But Indianapolis was 6-3 and Manning had 2740 yards, 20 TD, and a 100.3 rating. On November 13, the Colts won to improve to 7-3 (Manning: 21-35-210-1-0) and the Raiders lost (Gannon: 30-53-382-1-2). However, the Colts lost their next two games and the Raiders went 2-0, with Gannon doing better than Manning, although the latter was by no means terrible (83.4 passer rating). Both teams lost the game after that. Then the Colts won two more and the Raiders split their next two (with Gannon going 5-17 for 136 yards and 1 TD with 3 INT in the loss), which set up the final week, where both quarterbacks dominated. Oakland defeated Carolina, 52-9, as Gannon was 26-32 for 230 yards and 5 touchdowns with no interceptions. Meanwhile, Indianapolis won against Minnesota, 31-10, and Manning was 25-36 for 283 yards and 4 TD with 1 interception. It's hard to find any narrative that would have suggested Gannon over Manning, as great as Gannon's season finale was.
Culpepper was in his first year playing and the AP is generally unwilling to name such players to the All-Pro team. However, Culpepper's claim to the MVQB throne is legitimate, even if he was throwing to Randy Moss. Culpepper's 33 TD passes are still the most a QB has ever thrown in his first year of play, since he sat for his entire rookie season. Marino and Warner were the only ones with more in their second season in the league, and only Blake Bortles (!) has since passed Culpepper.
Then there's the matter of Kurt Warner. The reigning 1999 MVP, All-Pro, and MVQB missed 5 starts and still threw 18 interceptions, yet even he might have been a superior 2000 All-Pro selection than Gannon, considering Warner averaged a whopping 9.9 yards per attempt. Gannon threw for one more yard — one (!) — in 5 games and on 126 more attempts.
Had the 49ers fielded a better defense, Gannon's cross-bay counterpart might have gotten some recognition from the AP. He was essentially tied with Culpepper for the best passer rating among 16-game starters. But the 49ers were outscored 422-388 (ranking 6th in scoring, 28th in points allowed) while going 6-10.
Griese was the NFL's official passing leader with his 102.9 rating, but he only started 10 games. Of these six quarterbacks, however, he ranked second on a per-play basis by DVOA, behind Manning.
Best that I can tell, Gannon's All Pro award was decided entirely by having by far the best passing numbers among the teams with 12+ wins.
It comes down to the alternatives, then. Warner and Griese get eliminated first — Manning, Culpepper, and Garcia were simply all too valuable to give the nod to someone who missed 5-6 games. San Francisco's 6-10 record would be by far the worst of any MVQB's team. That record can't really have been Garcia's fault given how well he played, but it serves as a tiebreaker, leaving Manning and Culpepper. Those two were basically equally effective, but Manning threw almost 100 more passes than Culpepper did.
Peyton Manning is the MVQB of 2000.
Warm up your vocal cords Mainers, “American Idol” is coming to Portland.
The FOX network show's “Audition Bus Tour” will be at the Maine State Pier, off Commercial Street, on July 9.
Auditions for contestants are scheduled to be held between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. and people are encouraged to show up as close to 9 a.m. as possible.
Auditions are scheduled to take place rain or shine. People are asked to bring two forms of identification to show proof of age.
The FOX singing contest show awards a recording contract to its winner each season. The new season of the show starts in January.
For more information on the auditions and what potential contestants need to do and bring, click here.
Staff Writer Ray Routhier can be contacted at 791-6454 or at:
[email protected]
Share
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump holds a Bible as he speaks during the Iowa Faith & Freedom Coalition's annual fall dinner on Sept. 19 in Des Moines. (AP Photo/Charlie Neibergall)
“But just remember what the scripture says,” Bill Clinton urged in his speech accepting his party's nomination for the presidency in 1992: “Where there is no vision, the people perish.”
It was a clever way for a moderately liberal Democrat, distrusted by a substantial number of religious believers, to show some familiarity with biblical language. I don't know if it worked, but I doubt it. The line's context — it comes from Proverbs 29:18 — made it an awkward fit. The word translated by some English versions as “vision” (Clinton, to his credit, quoted from the King James version) refers to God's revelation; it has nothing to do with bold plans for the future enunciated by a political leader. Clinton was, however unintentionally — or maybe intentionally — equating his own political aims with divine revelation. Many religious folk, already wary of this preacher-like liberal, were likely to sense something amiss.
The trouble with politicians using biblical quotations is this: It's hard, and most of them think it's easy. The Bible-quoting politician usually ends up sounding self-important, disingenuous, ill-informed or all three at once. The quotation almost always sounds contrived, as if it's been dropped into the speech because the audience expects something religious or spiritual, not because it clarifies or illustrates an important point.
It's a temptation plenty of 2016 contenders are also falling victim to.
When Marco Rubio launched his presidential campaign in April, he capped it off with a biblical line. “In this endeavor, as in all things,” he said, “I find comfort in the ancient command to ‘be strong and courageous! Do not tremble or be dismayed, for the Lord your God is with you wherever you go.'” Well, okay. But the lines, from the Book of Joshua, are spoken by God himself to Joshua just before the Israelites make their way into Canaan, the promised land. Being strong and courageous is always a fine thing, but if the Lord is with Marco Rubio in anything like the sense in which (according to the text) he was with Joshua, why are we bothering to have an election?
John Kasich, in his campaign launch speech in July, said this: “You know, we got this Holocaust Memorial [on the Ohio State House grounds], and there's a line etched that says, ‘If you save one life, you've changed the world.' Do you believe that? Do you believe that? If you save one life, you changed the world. And the Lord will record what you've done for another in the Book of Life.” The line about saving one life, as Slate's Joshua Keating pointed out (after Kasich used the line on a separate occasion), is a slight misquotation. It's from the Talmud: “If you save one life, it is as if you saved the world.” The last line, though — “And the Lord will record what you've done for another in the Book of Life” — seems to be an invention. The phrase “Book of Life” appears eight times in the New Testament; Kasich's line bears little resemblance to any of them.
Ben Carson, despite his appeal to religious conservatives, doesn't often quote the Bible in his speeches and interviews. But when asked what sets him apart from Donald Trump, Carson said, in his typically soft-spoken style, “I've realized where my success has come from, and I don't in any way deny my faith in God. ‘By humility and the fear of the Lord are riches and honor and life,' and that's a very big part of who I am. I don't get that impression with him [Trump]. Maybe I'm wrong, but I don't get that.”
That's nicely done. The verse, from Proverbs 22:4, is not especially well-known, and Carson's use of it seems pretty accurate. Contrast that with Trump's attempt to invent a Bible verse on the spot. He told an evangelical interviewer that his favorite book of the Bible is “Proverbs, the chapter ‘never bend to envy.'” “I've had that thing all my life where people are bending to envy.” The phrase “bend to envy” is nowhere in any translation of the Bible. Nor is it any other text that I could find. (The Post wrote about this back in September.)
Jeb Bush, speaking at a commencement speech at evangelical Liberty University in Lynchburg, Va., last May, alluded to the widespread belief (as he says it is) that Christianity is a “static faith.” Bush observed that he could not “think of any more subversive moral idea ever loosed on the world than ‘the last shall be first, and the first last.'” It's an odd line to use by a man seeking the highest office in the land, but there's nothing egregiously wrong with Bush's use of it. Yet the actual verse — from Matthew 19:30 — has it the other way around: “the first shall be last, and the last first.” The slight mangling of the text – along with Bush's characterization of Jesus's words as a “subversive moral idea” — would have sounded slightly wrong to the evangelicals in his audience.
Presidential candidates speaking at Liberty must feel obliged to allude knowingly to famous biblical passages. Bernie Sanders tried it when he spoke there in September. “I am motivated,” he said, “by a vision that exists in all the great religions — in Christianity, in Judaism, in Islam, in Buddhism and other religions. And that vision is so beautifully and clearly stated in Matthew 7:12, and it states: ‘So in everything do to others what you would have them do to you for this sums up the law and the prophets.'” Some will object that the “golden rule” has to do with individual conduct, not governmental policy, but leave that debate to one side. It's not quite true that the rule appears in Judaism, Islam, Buddhism “and other religions.” Injunctions in those other religions are negative — i.e., do not do to others what you would not want them to do to you — as I suspect a fair number in the audience must have known.
Sanders's speech was otherwise well-executed, but the use of this famous verse strikes me as a little too predictable — rather like a politician addressing the Shakespeare Society and using the line, “To be, or not to be, that is the question.”
Hillary Clinton does not share her husband's facility with biblical texts, but she will use them from time to time. There is something slightly predictable about her biblical allusions, too, though. Asked by the New York Times to name the book that made her who she is today, she replied: “At the risk of appearing predictable, the Bible was and remains the biggest influence on my thinking. I was raised reading it, memorizing passages from it and being guided by it. … I still find it a source of wisdom, comfort and encouragement.”
Saying “at the risk of appearing predictable” doesn't make your remark less predictable, but fair enough. Her answer would be slightly more credible, though, if once in while she quoted a non-famous biblical passage and said something non-obvious about it. In an interview with David Muir on ABC News in September — the topic the pope's visit to the United States — Clinton remarked: “One cannot read the Sermon on the Mount without thinking that we all have to be more humble. We all have to be more kind and respectful. We all have to try to do more to help our fellow men and women. And I think that the pope is emphasizing the words of Jesus Christ. Emphasizing the high priority given to the poor. The priority of caring for those who are in trouble.” Well, fine. But anybody who knows anything about the Bible at all could have made the same boilerplate comment. You expect more from a politician who was raised reading the Bible, memorizing passages from it, and who is still guided by it.
Presidential candidates speak every day in a vast array of forums and settings, and I'm sure I've missed some of their biblical references that aren't available online. Even so, one generalization does suggest itself, namely, that the candidates who might be expected to drop the most biblical quotations into their speeches — Carson and Ted Cruz — generally don't. Carson speaks mainly about his own biography and general cultural trends. The one reference I've found (above) was mentioned in response to a question; otherwise he's not a prolific Bible quoter. And Cruz, for his part, spoke at the aforementioned Liberty University — indeed he announced his candidacy there — and didn't quote the Bible at all.
You wouldn't expect Chris Christie or Martin O'Malley to use biblical quotations, and they don't, from what I've been able to find. You would expect Carson and Cruz to use them, and for the most part they don't. Maybe these candidates know something that many of their competitors fail to grasp: that their listeners won't be impressed by clumsy and superficial uses of sacred words.
MUSKEGON, Mich. — The faucet snail is spreading in Lake Michigan, and that bodes ill for water birds native to Michigan, says Grand Valley State University's Annis Water Resources Institute.
The snail, originally from Europe, carries parasites that kill ducks and coots. When the birds eat the snails, the parasites in the snails can kill the birds. But the snails are small and difficult to kill, said an institute release Tuesday.
A map of where in the Great Lakes the faucet snail was found shows sites in all five lakes.
“Our finding highlights the importance of ecological monitoring,” said GVSU professor Carl Ruetz in the release.
The Annis Water Resources Institute worked on the invasive species study with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, and nine other universities.
“This is another example of how our natural systems are constantly at risk,” said the director of the Annis Water Resources Institute in the release.
Indian netizens have been fighting hard to preserve net neutrality this year, as mobile carriers and Facebook have been pushing zero-rating services in the country.
The Department of Telecommunications (DoT) released a report on the issue with its recommendations to the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) last month, that largely preserved net neutrality principles. But the battle hasn't been won yet.
Unless the government enforces net neutrality, mobile carriers and internet service providers will be able to continue running zero-rating services and charge apps for licenses to offer VoIP calling services.
A discussion on the upcoming policy is now live at MyGov.in, where folks can register their protest with a comment. However, you'll need to register to share your views, and do so by August 15 — that's tomorrow.
Comedy acts All India Bakchod wants to educate people about the current state of affairs and urge them to nudge the government in the right direction. Watch the clip above to learn more about what the government is up to and how you can turn the tide.
Read next: John Oliver on the Indian porn ban: Make watching it mandatory
Read next: Xiaomi users in China will get the next killer mobile feature: on-demand roaming data
As the 2012 elections draw closer, the issues on most Americans' minds are jobs and the economy, and as more Americans learn about the
privately owned federal Reserve Bank, that controls our currency, the more they realize its role in both those issues, it's role in crony capitalism, and how it gains power and influence and the expense of everything else.
Just this week, a bill, HR 459 was passed with overwhelming support in congress when the House of Representatives overwhelmingly approved the bill with a bipartisan 327-98 vote. The goal of this bill was to have audited and brought transparency to the Federal Reserve.
Not so long ago, only few would have believed that this vote would pass with bipartisan supporfrom both parties. This is truly a historic moment
However, now it's fate lies in the hand of the senate, where it faces it's toughest test yet.
Democrat Senate Leader Harry Reid stated that he won't even bring this bill up for consideration. However, this is a far cry to what he said 20 years ago when he to spoke out against the Federal Reserve!
"I have sponsored legislation every year that would call for an audit of the Federal Reserve system. I offer that amendment every year, every year it gets nowhere," Reid says. "I think it would be interesting to know about the Federal Reserve. I think we should audit the Federal Reserve — it's taxpayer's money that's being used there. But we don't do that."
-Harry Reid, 1995 speech
Ben Bernanke and his bankster pals know they can count on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and their other allies within the Senate to do everything in their power to stop our transparency effort.
However, with your support today, we can unleash a grassroots tidal wave of action and show these “Wall Street Senators” that who they really should be worried about serving is their constituents – instead of providing cover to the Fed's exploitation of our money and economy at the expense of everyone else.
What you can do(aside from signing this petition):
1. Call Senator Harry Reid (D.C. office number listed below). Demand that the Senate Majority Leader allow a vote on the Federal Reserve Transparency Act. And to make it more signficant.........tell him exactly what he said about the Fed in 1995.
2. If you live in America, call your Senators. Demand that they not only support the Federal Reserve Transparency Act, but that they also demand the Senate Majority Leader allows a vote.
3. Continue to call, frequently, until either your Senator's office and/or Harry Reid's office confirms their support for the audit and/or Harry Reid will allow a vote to take place.
4. If his voicemail is full the next thing to do would be to bombard his email, Facebook, and Twitter account
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid - Contact Information:
Phone: 202-224-3542
Fax: 202-224-7327
For more effectiveness in your calls, remind him of exactly what he said about the Federal Reserveback in 1995!
Appearing on CNN with host Howard Kurtz on Sunday, Guardian journalist Glenn Greenwald responded to Rep. Mike Rogers' (R-MI) allegation that he doesn't really “have a clue” about what's going on with the National Security Agency's massive spying programs, saying that people like Rogers are “exactly the reason” why this whole process requires transparency.
“First of all, to the extent that politicians like Republican Mike Rigers are running around boating that only they know, but not the rest of us know, about what the U.S. government is doing in terms of spying on its own citizens, that to me is exactly the reason why transparency is so vital here,” he said. “We shouldn't have a massive spying aparatus being constructed completely beyond democratic accountability and beyond the knowledge of the citizens on whom it is spying… That's exactly why, as a journalist, I think it's so vital to shine light on what it is that the government is doing.”
Greenwald also responded to Rogers' other claim: that he'd done real damage to U.S. national security by helping reveal the widespread nature of the NSA's spying dragnet.
“Every terrorist on the planet already knows, and has known for a long time, that the United States is trying to surveil their communications, eavesdrop on their telephone calls, read their emails. Any terrorist who isn't already aware of that is a terrorist incapable of tying their shoes, let alone detonating a bomb successfully in the United States. That isn't anything about what we disclosed.”
“What we disclosed is that the American government is surveilling its own citizens, people who are suspected of no wrongdoing,” he went on. “The only thing that has been damaged here is not national security. What has been damaged is the reputation and credibility of the political officials who want to hide behind top secret designations to conceal their own wrongdoing, and that's really what they're angry about.”
This video is from CNN's “Reliable Sources,” aired Sunday, June 9, 2013.
The government will soon begin contemplating steps to enhance control over all privately owned land on remote islands to bolster national security and protect resources within the nation's territorial waters, a source with the government said.
The government plans to set up a panel in fiscal 2018 starting next April to discuss land registration by owners who have neglected to do so, and imposing restrictions on land sales to foreign people in such areas, the source said Saturday.
The government is concerned that leaving land out of its control could raise security concerns or other issues, such as foreign people setting up bases from which to engage in fish poaching.
According to the Cabinet Office, there are about 480 remote islands along the perimeter of the nation's border, excluding the South Korean-held group of islets in the Sea of Japan called Takeshima by Japan and Dokdo by South Korea, and the Russian-held islands off Hokkaido.
Of those islands, the government — beginning early next fiscal year — plans to look at 98 with privately owned land and will determine how many have lots whose owners are unknown, the source said.
Many of those 98 islands are in the Pacific Ocean or within the administrative boundaries of Kagoshima or Okinawa prefectures.
The source said the ownership of land becomes uncertain when those who inherit remote properties fail to complete land registration procedures. In some cases, the registered landowner has remained unchanged for 100 years.
The acquisition of land on remote islands by foreigners is also a concern for the government. In 2013, ruling party lawmakers questioned the purchase by a South Korean company of land near a Maritime Self-Defense Force facility on Tsushima Island in Nagasaki Prefecture.
During parliamentary deliberation in October 2016, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the acquisition of land in sensitive areas by non-Japanese is “an important issue concerning national security.”
Under the national security strategy decided in 2013, the government vowed to “proactively engage in the protection” of remote islands near national borders to ensure Japan's “territorial integrity.”
As of the end of last March, the government had declared 273 uninhabited islands as national property.
Territorial issues concerning far-flung islands first began to gain national prominence after Tokyo's dispute with Beijing over the Japanese-administered Senkaku Islands blew up in 2010, when a Chinese fishing trawler collided with two Japan Coast Guard boats in the waters near the islands.
In 2012, the Democratic Party of Japan-led government effectively nationalized the uninhabited islands by purchasing three of them from the private Japanese owner.
China and Taiwan, however, also claim the islands, which they call Diaoyu and Tiaoyutai, respectively.
cityscape Why Regent Park's Revitalization Needs $108 Million More to Keep Going
The Toronto Budget Committee has recommended funding new debt for the initiative to carry on.
The revitalization of Regent Park has been lauded as a “game changer”—partly because of the project's mixed-income integration model. But despite its flourishing amenities and the positive attention it has attracted, the community—long one of the poorest in Toronto—is far from immune to funding woes.
A January 17 report from the City of Toronto's Budget Committee indicates that the first two phases of the Toronto Community Housing Corporation plan for Regent Park have seen a significant funding shortfall. As a result, phase three of the project, which includes replacing 339 units of housing, is expected to have unfunded costs totalling $107.7 million.
“According to TCHC, delays in timing of sales of market housing resulted in delays in the social housing redevelopment,” a portion of the report reads. The Budget Committee also cited “additional unexpected costs” associated with phases one and two of the project to have contributed to the funding shortfall.
In order for phase three of the project to proceed, the Budget Committee has recommended that the City of Toronto authorize TCHC to incur indebtedness of $107.7 million.
This measure reflects a larger problem in the TCHC. The deputy city manager's Tenants First report, dated June 14 2016, called the TCHC's business model “fundamentally broken,” with a growing operating deficit resulting from “a combination of static revenues and rapidly increasing operating costs.” The report also identifies numerous governance and organizational issues.
The report makes five recommendations for the future of TCHC, including a transition to an independent non-profit structure and switching to the Rent-Geared-to-Income system. This shift would require changes to provincial legislation.
According to Ana Bailao, city councillor (Ward 18, Davenport) and chair of the Affordable Housing Committee, the $107.7 million shortfall for the Regent Park project was expected.
“The business model contemplated that there was going to be a $100-million shortfall that government would have to step in,” Bailao said. “The problem is that we've had other levels of government stepping away from housing and [the City] having to step in more and more.”
Bailao says that in addition to putting up funds for TCHC to incur the additional indebtedness to launch this project, the City increased TCHC's operating budget by 15 per cent in 2017 and budgeted about $1 billion for repairs related to community housing.
“It's one thing when the City has to come in and subsidize $100 million. It's another thing when the city has to subsidize $100 million plus the operating, plus repairs, plus, plus, plus,” she said. “There's only so much we can do.”
Laura Gallant, press secretary for Ontario Housing Minister Chris Ballard, said the Province has been supportive of the Regent Park revitalization project. “To date, in partnership with the federal government through affordable housing programs, Ontario has invested approximately $50.4 million to create 710 new affordable rental units in the Regent Park Revitalization,” she wrote in an email to Torontoist.
Gallant also noted that “the City continues to have the flexibility to use existing Federal/Provincial housing programs such as these to apply some additional funds to Regent Park, if they choose.”
But Bailao says the provincial and federal funds available to the City are limited.
“That fund has been used in Regent Park and we're thankful for that fund, but it was actually used to create additional affordable housing. It cannot be used to replace the rent geared to income units that were there,” she said.
The Regent Park revitalization project is not the only one of its kind in the city. Alexandra Park and Lawrence Heights also have similar projects planned.
When asked about whether Torontonians should be concerned about the future prospects of these projects or later phases of the Regent Park project, Bailao said residents should expect all three levels of government to come together to deliver.
She is optimistic about the upcoming National Housing Strategy in the works at the federal level, and Gallant said Minister Ballard is also looking forward to the strategy.
“This is time that we get together, we rally, and we say to the other levels of government: show me the money,” Bailao said.
Media playback is not supported on this device What happens to a football pitch over the summer?
Few people would want to spend their summer watching paint dry and grass grow, but for Tony Bell, it comes with the territory.
As head groundsman at Middlesbrough's Riverside Stadium and the club's training ground at Rockliffe Hall, he is the man responsible for ensuring Boro have a pristine pitch to run out on.
And, with the club kicking-off their return to the Premier League at home to Stoke City on Saturday, there is much more to it than just cutting the grass a few times a week.
"There is a massive science to it and we are learning all the time," said Bell.
Tony Bell (centre) and his team at the Riverside Stadium preparing the pitch for Saturday's game
His is the sort of work that when done well garners little attention. But when an error is made and a divot diverts the ball in an unexpected and costly direction, his efforts are put in the spotlight.
"I don't think many people appreciate the effort that goes into the pitch, which is fine," he said. "To 99% of them it's just grassed, but the club realise the importance of it."
The pitch's summer overhaul begins a week after the end of the season, in this case after Boro's 1-1 draw against Brighton in May which saw them promoted to the Premier League.
It would start sooner but the pitch is available for hire to those keen to play a game on the Riverside turf.
About 15mm is skimmed off the top of the surface, removing all the grass and leaving a four inch-deep brown field in the middle of the 34,742-seater stadium.
The pitch becomes a field for several weeks
Then 240 tonnes of fibre rootzone is spread across the soil.
This consists of 80% sand, 20% soil and a small but crucial amount of a horse-hair-like fibre which binds the grass to the ground.
"This is probably the hardest part because the mixture needs to be kept damp as it is applied," said Bell, who has been head groundsman since 2002.
"If it is a sunny day we are cursing our luck, we prefer a bit of rain. Otherwise we have to follow the tractor around with a hose or try and use the pitch-side sprinklers.
"And it needs to mix with all the soil beneath it. It is a big job."
Middlesbrough have played at the Riverside Stadium since 1995
Special stone-raking machines are used to combine the new mixture with the existing soil, then it is rolled multiple times to make it as flat and level as possible - any mistakes at this point will remain for the whole season.
About 25 20kg bags of grass seed are then spread. For the next 10 days or so the entire pitch area will be covered in large germination sheets to keep the moisture in and prevent birds from devouring the seed.
"Pigeons are an absolute nightmare for us," Bell said.
The seed turns into a green haze and finally full blades of grass which, once at length, are cut once a day for the rest of the summer.
The mowers are hand-pushed and to cut the entire 8,214-sq-m surface equates to an eight-mile, four-hour walk.
It is at this point that the pattern emerges on the pitch, the effect created simply by the direction the mower and roller are pushed.
Alvaro Negredo is one of nine signings made by Middlesbrough
Boro's pattern, which is the choice of Bell and has been for the entirety of his time at the club, consists of 600 12ft-wide squares.
"It looks pretty but it also serves a very practical purpose," said Bell.
"It fits our equipment perfectly, the mowers, the lighting rigs, everything. You can use it as a guide without the need to measure distances all the time.
"I think the players also appreciate it. They're probably not at all interested in it but if we were to suddenly have diamond patterning they would notice that and it would not feel like their home pitch anymore. The last thing I would want to do is anything which affects their game. We do not want the pitch to seem alien to them.
"Also, it does look great."
The lines are all mapped out by hand and then painted with a hand-pushed machine
Keeping the players happy is an interesting point.
Bell and his three-strong team spend the week preparing a perfect pitch for the players to go and ruin. Surely that is annoying?
"It's just the job," he added.
"We have jobs because of the players, the pitch is there for them to play football on, we just accept that. That being said, when someone scores and then slides across the turf you do think 'I wish they hadn't done that'."
The final week of pre-season sees the white lines painted, a meticulous process involving hand-pushed paint machines following perfectly laid-out pieces of string.
The pitch's pattern is decided by Tony Bell and is both pretty and practical
The rest of the 21-year-old stadium has also seen a redevelopment to meet the standards required by the Premier League, a division Boro last played in in 2009.
More media space has been created, new television studios built and improved floodlights installed.
And, of course, there have also been investments in the squad, with nine new arrivals including former Barcelona goalkeeper Victor Valdes and ex-Manchester City striker Alvaro Negredo.
For Bell and his team, however, it's the pitch that has occupied their summer.
"We want it to be perfect, it has to be right, it's worth all the effort though," he said.
As mentioned here, after much anticipation, the official release date of Windows 10 has been announced. This summer, on July 29th, businesses and individuals in over 190 different countries will upgrade their current operating systems to Windows 10. Windows 10 has secured the confidence of over 4 million users already testing the preview version. But why?
New features of Windows 10 will aid in the best business practices in arguably all sectors. If adopted and implemented, this operating system has benefits that could increase collaboration, efficiency and overall feasibility of what used to be mundane and overcomplicated tasks in your business. Below are some of the features of Windows 10 that I believe are going to benefit businesses the most.
1: The start menu.
No I am not talking about the look of it, or the combined classic Windows 7 start menu with live tiles. Rather, the ability of its searching capabilities. Not only will the Windows 10 start menu allow you to search your computer even more efficiently than it always has, but now can search the internet as well. On any device, touch or mouse users can enjoy the ease of searching for anything they want with the click of a finger-or a question aimed at Cortana, which brings me to my second point.
2: Cortana.
Who is she? If you haven't heard of her, you will now as she makes her way onto tablets and PCs after originally introducing herself on Windows phones (and now, Android and OIS). Constantly growing and learning with you, Cortana is a virtual assistant who can assist with tasks such as opening files, checking traffic and setting appointments for you. These are only the basic features of Cortana, the opportunities are endless. This not only makes tasks and organisation easier for business, but provides a sense of reassurance as you always have someone to double-check the facts with.
3: Continuum.
Organisations that have adopted a Brine your own device cultures, or in general just use a mixture of mobiles, tablets and desktops will find Continuum to be a very resourceful addition to Windows 10. Seamless interchanging between hybrid devices, tablets and laptops, allow on the go flexibility in different work environments. Need to finish up typing your report and then use the same device to hold in your hand as you present the report? Easy. Switching from tablet mode to laptop mode allows different user interfaces to seamlessly integrate your work so that you can continue with minimal interruption. This also potentially minimises hardware costs.
4: Virtual Desktops.
Keep organised by displaying unlimited amounts of virtual desktops. This is especially great for businesses with people wearing many hats. For example, have one virtual desktop open with all of the administration applications. Easily switch over to another virtual desktop to prepare a presentation in Office 2016 before switching to a third virtual desktop where you take the minutes for your business meetings and keep open the financial budgeting apps simultaneously. This not only saves time when looking for and opening apps, but allows you to feel organised in your own personalised approach.
5: Aero Snap: Multitasking geni us .
First released in Windows 7, the ability to share screens with different applications is now going to be better than even in Windows 10. This feature allows you to 'snap' your application, word document, website, etc. into a corner or half of your screen leaving room on the other half to simultaneously work. This is perfect for data entry, research, reading, or constantly refreshing your email. No more dragging and dropping corners, it is now easier than ever.
How much does Windows 10 cost?
A regular trip to Dollarama turned into a frightening experience for a Saskatoon-area woman on Tuesday.
Ashten Hiebert was in Martensville, Sask., with her two young children, picking up some supplies for a party.
Hiebert said she heard two men getting into a loud conversation about a protest in Charlottesville, Va., where white nationalists clashed with anti-racist protesters and one woman was killed after being struck by a car.
The conversation got louder and louder, and one of the men started using profanity and the N-word, she said.
"It started getting really out of hand," she told CBC Radio's Saskatoon Morning.
"I just turned and said, 'Excuse me, sir,' and I was trying to be polite as I can, because I hate confrontation. I said, 'Could you please lower your voice, because I have two little kids. What you're saying is really hateful, and it's wrong.'"
Once that happened, the man started marching angrily toward her, she said.
"He was yelling and trying to intimidate us," said Hiebert. "He said, 'I can say whatever I want.'"
Then, out of nowhere, a total stranger came to her aid, reminding the man that children were present.
It's very difficult to stand up. Especially if you're a shy person who doesn't like confrontation. But it's worth it. - Ashten Hiebert
Eventually, the manager stepped in and intervened. Hiebert said the man pretended like he didn't know what was going on.
"He said, 'What was I saying?'" she said. "He said, 'What's the N-word? I want to hear you say it.' And I said, 'I will not use that word. It is a horrible word.'"
Ashten Hiebert's two children, seven-year-old Paige and one-year-old Vayden. (Submitted by Ashten Hiebert)
Soon after, the man was thrown out of the store. She said she stood up to the man as an example for her children.
"I've always taught my kids that people are people, and that we need to take care of each other," she said.
"My daughter is seven, and she's a sponge. I know she's watching everything I do, and at that moment, I felt her hold my hand so tightly. I thought, 'No, I have to do this.'"
Eventually, Hiebert took her story to social media. Her Facebook post has been shared more than 3,200 times.
"It's very difficult to stand up," she said. "Especially if you're a shy person who doesn't like confrontation. But it's worth it."
Eric Bolling, third from right, next to Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) on “The Five” in 2015. (Richard Drew/AP)
Fox News Channel suspended longtime host Eric Bolling on Saturday, amid a report that he sent lewd texts to female co-workers at the network.
Bolling, co-host of the weekday Fox program “The Specialists” and former co-host of “The Five,” is the latest Fox employee to be accused of inappropriate sexual behavior in the 13 months since the network was consumed by allegations of sexual harassment against its co-founder and then-chairman, the late Roger Ailes.
According to a report in HuffPost, Bolling, 54, texted a photo of male genitalia to two colleagues at Fox Business Network, and one to a co-worker at Fox News. The website didn't reveal the names of the alleged recipients, but said they are Bolling's current and former colleagues. The messages were sent several years ago and were unsolicited, it said.
In a statement issued Saturday afternoon, Fox said it had suspended Bolling “pending the results of an investigation, which is currently underway.” The law firm Paul Weiss, which has conducted a series of investigations into harassment at the network, is investigating the allegations against Bolling.
Last summer, Ailes was forced out of his job after former “Fox & Friends” host Gretchen Carlson filed suit against him. Her suit — quickly settled for $20 million — unleashed a series of accusations against Fox executives and on-air personalities by women who work at the company.
In April, the network forced out its biggest star, Bill O'Reilly, after the New York Times reported that he and Fox had settled five harassment suits or complaints dating back more than a decade. Network president Bill Shine resigned soon after.
Bolling's attorney Michael J. Bowe told HuffPost that Bolling “recalls no such inappropriate communications, does not believe he sent any such communications, and will vigorously pursue his legal remedies for any false and defamatory accusations that are made.”
In addition to “The Specialists,” Bolling co-hosts a weekend business-discussion program on Fox called “Cashin' In.” On Friday, Bolling taped an episode of that program, but Fox pulled it after HuffPost published its story.
Bolling, a conservative whose recently published book was endorsed by President Trump, was merciless in his commentary when former Rep. Anthony Weiner (D-N.Y.) was involved in several incidents of sexting, beginning in 2014. After Weiner pleaded guilty in May to federal charges of exchanging lewd messages with an underage girl, Bolling called him “a sick human being, to continue to do this time and time again, continue to get caught, saying he's not going to do it again, gets caught again.”
Bolling is one of several Fox News personalities who have reportedly been under consideration for positions in the Trump Administration. In November he was said to have discussed an appointment as commerce secretary, but recently signed a long-term contract extension with Fox.
In an interview with NJ.com in June, Bolling said he would eventually like to run for office: “When the lights go down on my TV career, the next step is running for Senate.”
According to HuffPost, four people, in addition to the recipients, said they had seen the photo that Bolling allegedly sent. Eight others said the recipients had spoken to them about it.
News Search
? Search: Search Instructions A simple search will return results that contain all of the specified words in the title or in the body of the news story. The words may appear in any order.
A phrase search can be performed by enclosing the search string in quotes. For instance, searching for "technical director" will only return results that contain the exact phrase supplied, with the words in the order specified. News type: All News Items News & Updates Press Release Fact Sheet Speech Testimony Media Advisory
The FAA and its government partners are expanding research on ways to detect “rogue” drones around airports.
The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and its government, industry and academia partners have joined forces to evaluate drone detection technology at John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) in New York.
Over the last two years, the FAA has received numerous reports from pilots and residents about unmanned aircraft systems – UAS, or “drones” – around some of the nation's busiest airports, including JFK.
“We face many difficult challenges as we integrate rapidly evolving UAS technology into our complex and highly regulated airspace,” said Marke “Hoot” Gibson, FAA Senior Advisor on UAS Integration. “This effort at JFK reflects everyone's commitment to safety.”
Beginning May 2, the FAA conducted evaluations at JFK to study the effectiveness of a Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) UAS detection system in a commercial airport environment. Five different rotorcraft and fixed wing UAS participated in the evaluations, and about 40 separate tests took place.
The JFK evaluation involved extensive government inter-agency collaboration, and cooperation from industry and academia. The tests expanded on research performed earlier this year at Atlantic City International Airport.
In addition to the FAA and the FBI, the agencies combining forces in this research included the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Department of Justice, Queens District Attorney's Office and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. DHS and the FBI want to identify unauthorized UAS operators for law enforcement purposes, and the FAA's mission is to provide a safe and efficient airport environment for both manned and unmanned air traffic.
“We applaud the FBI and FAA for their efforts to detect and track unmanned aerial systems (UAS),” said Thomas Bosco, Port Authority Aviation Director. “We look forward to supporting continued U.S. Government efforts to identify and deploy countermeasures to neutralize the threat posed by rogue UASs.”
The team evaluating the FBI's detection system also included contributions from one of the six FAA-designated UAS test sites. The Griffiss International Airport test site in Rome, NY, provided expertise in planning the individual tests as well as the flight commander for the tests and two of the UAS used.
The FY 2016 Appropriations law mandates that the FAA continue research into detection of UAS in airport environments. The agency is continuing to formulate an inter-agency strategy to evaluate detection systems in a variety of airport environments.
"All we can do is try to maximize our services as well as we can; as well as we can is still going to be miserable. You really do get what you pay for."
That was the word from Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Commissioner John Koskinen last year as he described the challenges the agency faced for the 2015 filing season due to increased compliance burdens and budget cuts. According to the most recent report from the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA), that's exactly what we got. Will it get better in 2016? Here are some highlights from the TIGTA report along with a few predictions:
2015 Tax Season: According to TIGTA, as of May 8, 2015, the IRS received more than 137.3 million tax returns. Over 87% of those returns were electronically filed. That signals a slight uptick (.78%) from 2014.
Prediction: With the applicability of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA), there will more incentives - not fewer - to file in 2016. Expect numbers to hold steady or increase.
2015 Tax Season: TIGTA noted that "[p]rior to the start of this filing season, the IRS was challenged by the late enactment of tax provisions that were set to expire." In fact, Congress waited until December 16, 2014 - just two weeks before the end of the calendar year - to approve a number of tax provisions that had expired in December 2013. Those provisions were made retroactive to January 1, 2014, but the delay meant that IRS had to scramble to update systems to begin accepting and processing individual tax returns on January 20, 2015.
Prediction: With about 100 days left in 2015, many of those same tax extenders provisions are outstanding yet again. Two weeks ago, over 2,000 businesses sent a letter to members of Congress asking them to "act immediately" to either extend or make permanent those tax provisions. Still no movement. If Congress continues to drag its feet, expect to see those same challenges again. Specifically, TIGTA noted that, prior to tax season, "the IRS must identify the tax law and administrative changes affecting the upcoming filing season." Once that happens, IRS must work to revise tax forms, instructions, and publications, as well as reprogram computer systems. Those resets (especially the reprogramming and testing) tend to happen in October. The longer that Congress pushes off addressing tax extenders, the chances of a delayed tax season increase. Additionally, two primary provisions of ACA, the Shared Responsibility Payment, and the Premium Tax Credit (PTC) will again be in play in 2016.
2015 Tax Season: During tax season, approximately 83.2 million taxpayers contacted the IRS by calling Customer Account Services toll-free telephone assistance lines. While some of those calls were properly routed to automated answering systems, only about 8.3 million calls were actually answered in person. The result? A dismal 37.6% level of service (compared with more than 70% last year). The average time for those 8.3 million calls to be answered? A whopping 23.5 minutes. You can check how that compares with prior years below.
Prediction: There has been no significant increase in IRS funding. Don't expect more calls to be answered. And don't expect wait times to decrease. Expect a push towards more online assistance and less personal contact.
2015 Tax Season: In person assistance at Taxpayer Assistance Centers (TACs) also decreased. Totals reflect an approximate 4% decrease in the level of in person assistance.
Prediction: Same as above. Since there has been no significant increase in IRS funding, don't expect more TACs to be staffed.
2015 Tax Season: As of May 2, 2015, the IRS reported that it identified 163,087 tax returns with more than $908.3 million claimed in fraudulent refunds and prevented the issuance of approximately $787 million in fraudulent refunds. Tax fraud continued to be a problem with TIGTA warning, in 2015, that taxpayers should be on "high alert."
Prediction: Tax refund fraud - especially tax refund fraud related to identity theft - is a priority for IRS (Phishing, phone scams and identity theft related fraud topped their Dirty Dozen list again in 2015). The Commissioner has already warned on concerns that the fraud levels for 2016 could be high based on experiences from 2015 and concerns about the amount of taxpayer data in the hands of criminals following the IRS data breach. Expect increased filters and yes, that means it's likely we'll see a boost in tax refund delays.
2015 Tax Season: The number of tax returns filed by paid tax return preparers claiming the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) without the due diligence checklist continues to decline. Additionally, TIGTA found that claims filed by preparers with the checklist have fewer processing errors (e.g., mathematical errors, invalid EITC qualifying child Social Security Number (SSN), etc.) when compared to claims filed by preparers without the required checklist.
Prediction: The IRS will continue to stress tax preparer compliance with EITC rules. Additionally, IRS is tightening up rules related to EITC to extend the checklist to self-prepared tax returns. That's bound to cause confusion for taxpayers.
Then: Where's My Refund? The application that allows taxpayers to check the status of their refunds was used almost 209.7 million times, a 23.8% increase over the same time last filing season.
Prediction: Expect the use of Where's My Refund? to increase - especially if refunds are delayed.
Then: The IRS has been driving taxpayers to its website at www.irs.gov as the best source for answers to their tax questions. The IRS reported almost 327.8 million visits to IRS.gov this filing season. TIGTA did find some errors on the site, including information on two interactive tax assistance applications and 13 IRS tax topics.
Now: Expect traffic to the web site to increase. I also expect IRS to update the site more frequently, directly addressing some of those concerns from TIGTA. However, due to the breach using the Where's My Transcript? tool, some of the tools and applications might look a little different in 2016.
So what was the word overall for the 2015 tax filing season? Nina Olson, the National Taxpayer Advocate, likely summed it up best, writing in July, "For the majority of taxpayers who filed their returns and did not require IRS assistance, the filing season was generally successful. For the segment of taxpayers who required help from the IRS, the filing season was by far the worst in memory. "
As we start gearing up for the 2016 tax season (you can find rates for the 2015 tax year here), I suspect very strongly that we're going to hear a similar story.
You can view the entire TIGTA report on the 2015 tax filing season here.
Whether you're looking for a development kit or an off-the-shelf System-On-Module (SOM), we're dedicated to providing tools and solutions to help you jump-start your designs with the Xilinx Zynq®-7000 All Programmable SoCs and UltraScale+ MPSoCs.
You'll find development kits for a wide range of applications and levels of complexity. Documentation, reference designs and training material for kits aimed at entry level designers to those developing highly complex designs like embedded vision, test and measurement and Industrial IoT.
Today's quick time-to-market demands are forcing you to rethink how you design, build and deploy your products. Sometimes it's faster, less costly, and lower risk to use an off-the-shelf solution instead of designing from the beginning. Incorporating a SOM into your design can reduce development time, lower your risk and accelerate your time to market.
We hope you'll find tools and solutions to help you along the way, allowing you to focus your efforts on adding differentiating features and capabilities to your products. We'll do our best to support you through the community support forums and the on-line training section.
Sweden will cancel its arms deal with Saudi Arabia, Prime Minister Stefan Lofven has confirmed. The decision comes after the ultraconservative kingdom blocked the Swedish foreign minister's speech on human rights at an Arab League meeting.
"It is true that it will be ended. The Minister of Defense will talk more about this later tonight," Lofven told reporters during an official visit to Kiev.
The controversial trade agreement, which included the export of military arms to Saudi Arabia – Sweden's fourth biggest export market for arms outside the EU – was up for renewal this year.
Earlier on Tuesday, Arab foreign ministers defended Saudi Arabia's human rights record and criticized Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom's comments in which she accused the kingdom of blocking her speech at the Arab League meeting in Cairo. Wallstrom had been invited to the meeting as a guest of honor, as a nod to her country's recognition of Palestine last autumn.
The intended speech at the mtg of League of Arab States in Cairo today. NOT to check against delivery... http://t.co/Nr4cZWk2Cz — Margot Wallström (@margotwallstrom) March 9, 2015
“The ministers have voiced their condemnation and astonishment at the issuance of such statements that are incompatible with the fact that the Constitution of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is based on Sharia,” the ministers said in a statement, according to Swedish media.
“Sharia has guaranteed human rights and preserved people's lives, possessions, honor and dignity. The ministers consider the comments as irresponsible and unacceptable,” the statement added.
Wallstrom accused Riyadh on Monday of “reacting strongly” to Sweden's position on human rights issues.
“The explanation we have been given is that Sweden has highlighted the situation for democracy and human rights, and that is why they do not want me to speak,” she told TT news agency in Cairo. “It's a shame that a country has blocked my participation.”
Wallstrom's canceled speech, published on the Swedish Foreign Ministry's website, touched on the issues of women's and human rights, as well as the importance of recognizing Palestinian statehood. The speech did not explicitly mention Saudi Arabia, but rather highlighted the ties between Sweden and the Middle East, urging for continued cooperation.
Meanwhile, Prime Minister Lofven refuted speculations that the move to cancel the deal was in response to the diplomatic standoff. "This has been agreed for some time now. It has nothing to do with what has happened in recent days," he said, according to Swedish Radio.
The trade agreement, first signed in 2005, was renewed by the previous center-left government five years ago. The accord netted Swedish firms over $560 billion between 2011 and 2014.
Last Friday, Wallstrom voiced her support for the accord, saying: “We have a very extensive trade with Saudi Arabia and economic ties and opportunities we all are anxious to retain.”
In 3 minutes and 20 seconds, Carly Rae Jepsen's "Call Me Maybe" video accomplished more for the gay community than some gay-rights organizations have been able to do in years.
"Call Me Maybe" has been the number-one song in America for two weeks and counting, with the video fast approaching 150 million views on YouTube. Jepsen's song has not only clinched the song-of-the-summer mantle but surpassed its viral-pop-video predecessors, including Rebecca Black's "Friday" (which has racked up a paltry 34 million views in comparison). While Rebecca Black's song quickly inspired scorn and ridicule, Ms. Jepsen has inspired massive radio airplay, iTunes sales, and a record deal from none other than Mr. Justin Bieber. The song is a universal hit across cultures, countries, and demographics. Case in point: My mom loves the song as much as my 30-something gay friends as much as the 12-year-old girls who call me up incessantly to request it on the radio.
As a result of her whirlwind success, Jepsen has also become the (accidental?) poster child for the post-gay pop generation. In the video Jepsen's object of desire is a hunky, tattooed, ab-tastic, masculine jock who appears to be shooting her flirtatious looks. But (SPOILER ALERT) at the 3-minute mark, it becomes clear that he's actually interested in Jepsen's guitar-playing, hipster, male bandmate. The video fades to black just as we see her reaction, which could be described as a combination of disappointment and amusement, if anything.
Although the video is lighthearted, its message that being gay is OK has undoubtedly shaken up the right-wing, conservative segment of the population. Right? Wrong. "Call Me Maybe" inspired no One A Million Moms protest. No boycotts. No marches. In fact, the video did quite the opposite. It spread a "what's the big deal?" attitude across America and the world, and in the 10-second twist ending normalized the concept of "gay" to an entire generation of young people, who are the purveyors of pop culture in this digital age. Gone are the days of outrage over Jill Sobule's (or even Katy Perry's) "I Kissed a Girl" or the Britney-Madonna VMA kiss. Jepsen is the new kid in town who doesn't care what your parents think, and she brought her gays along for the ride.
The video's "by the way, he's gay" ending has spawned hundreds of YouTube remakes that have continued to shape culture and defy stereotypes. Soon after the song's release, Justin Bieber made a tribute YouTube video (along with his pals Selena Gomez and Ashley Tisdale), which has itself racked up almost 50 million hits. Through this video, Justin and co. put a stamp of approval on the idea that being gay is no big deal and that we don't all look like the TV stereotypes of yesterday. (The fact that Justin's sexuality is often called into question, not to mention the success of the "Lesbians Who Look Like Justin Bieber" Tumblr blog, makes his endorsement that much more impressive.)
Some of the most popular remakes on YouTube are from seemingly straight guys who've latched on to the idea that mistaken sexual identity is actually kinda cool. In video after video (see this one and this one and this one) these men display their affinity for the song by acting out their homoerotic affinity for one another, playing off the final plot point of the original "Call Me Maybe" video. In one of the most viral of these videos, "Call Me Gaybe," five high-school-age guys are seen dancing shirtless around a suburban cul-de-sac, lip syncing to the song. It's unclear whether these guys are actually gay or just maybe gay. But does it matter? Just as Jepsen shrugs it off, so do we. It's a bunch of guys having silly, summer fun. And that's the point of the Carly Rae Jepsen phenomenon. Just years ago YouTube parodies like these would have included homophobic epithets or disclaimers like "no homo" at the end. Today, thanks to Jepsen's video, guys feel permission to toy with sexuality-bending situations, and in the process they've indirectly expressed support and acceptance of their gay peers.
It's unclear whether the 26-year-old Carly Rae Jepsen has the chops to gain Madonna/Britney/Gaga status or whether she'll be nothing more than a summer one-hit wonder. It's also unclear as to how manufactured her image is; most likely she didn't come up with the idea for the video herself. But however it happened, the "Call Me Maybe" video created a significant cultural moment for gays all across the world. When President Obama publicly announced his support for gay marriage, he told Robin Roberts on ABC that his daughters' attitudes about gay people were part of his decision. He said, "Malia and Sasha, they've got friends whose parents are same-sex couples. It wouldn't dawn on them that somehow their friends' parents would be treated differently."
It may be a child's game, but pickup kickball on Sunday afternoons in Alexandra Park is anything but child's play. Here, grown-ups go back to the playground, playing the sport from elementary school recess with adult-like intensity and, occasionally, tossing around a few swear words.
Danielle Jacobs, 27, tries to hit baserunner Chanda McCool, 32, as she scampers to second base during some infield kickball action at Alexandra Park in Toronto's west end. ( Rick Madonik / Toronto Star )
Just like when you were a kid, disagreements are settled by rock-paper-scissors battles. Unlike when you were a kid, teams are assigned so no one has to be picked last. It's a weekly routine that started a decade ago. Toronto Kickball founder Andrew Ennals was visiting friends in Brooklyn when he spotted a group of people playing kickball in a park and wearing silly clothes.
Article Continued Below
It looked fun. He began organizing a Toronto version of what he saw that day in Brooklyn. The idea was to create a way to meet new people without having to go to a bar. “We barely had enough for two teams, we all sucked,” says Jonathan Richard, who joined in that first year. Now he's a kickball veteran. Toronto Kickball is much more organized than it was back then, Ennals says. The skill level of the players is higher, and more serious kickballers can enter a draft and join league play. Some travel to Brooklyn to play in tournaments against tougher American teams. But one thing hasn't changed, and that's the central tenet of kickball: new people are always welcome, no matter how little they know about the sport or how non-athletic they are. Strangers watching in the park are always invited to join in.
Kickball — or soccer-baseball — is similar to baseball, with many of the same rules. The difference is that it's much easier to make contact with the ball. Instead of a pitch, the soccer-sized ball is rolled to the “batter” who has to kick it into play. If it's caught before it hits the ground, you're out. If you kick three fouls, you're out. While running the bases, the ball can be thrown at you like in dodgeball, and if it connects, you're out.
Article Continued Below
Avoiding an out while kicking is all about looking for holes in the field and keeping the ball low, so opposing players have to work harder to get the ball, Richard explains. Once practice is over, players are divided into teams and the real fun begins. There are diving catches, dramatic outs and, like a game of dodgeball, lots of ducking. Arianna Vogler remembers playing kickball with a giant ball in elementary school. One time, when she was 9 or 10, the ball hit her in the head and knocked her over. She hadn't played kickball since Grade 4 until she walked on to the field at Alexandra Park five years ago. She didn't know anyone on that first Sunday, but she got hooked right away. “I'm really athletic and I used to do a lot of sports as a kid. When I moved to Toronto, I kind of fell out of that,” Vogler says. “It was nice to get out on a Sunday and get some exercise.” Vogler is the commissioner and oversees everything from T-shirt orders to the draft for league play while making sure everyone has a say in decisions. Though Toronto Kickball has become more organized and more competitive as it has expanded to welcome more people, Sundays at Alexandra Park are still quite casual. Team captains keep score of each game. Players switch teams after a game. And everyone goes out for drinks after. The score, Vogler says, doesn't really matter. “We're playing a children's game here. The point is to come out and have fun — it doesn't matter whether you win or lose.”
Most system builders think of integrated motherboard components, such as onboard graphics and audio cards, as low performance options and rely on them only if discrete hardware is not within their budgets. But the notion that they're only the low-cost alternative to dedicated hardware needs to be corrected—at least in certain situations. In many office scenarios, using integrated hardware makes practical sense.
Integrated Graphics
When users think of onboard hardware, Intel's Integrated HD Graphics usually comes to mind. Such solutions are often maligned by power users and enthusiasts because they fail to push the frame rates required by performance-intensive software. In fact, benchmarks show Intel's Iris Pro 5200 performs slightly slower than the NVIDIA GeForce 640, which is already several generations old.
Most onboard graphics cards feature a very limited amount of video outputs (typically one DVI and one HDMI), limiting multi-monitor capabilities. To set up multiple displays, workstation video cards are still the best choice.
Despite the lower benchmark scores and limited multi-monitor capabilities, integrated graphics cards perform well enough for office productivity software such as Word and Excel. One rule of thumb to follow is that if you don't use the computer to display HD 3D content such as games, you don't need a dedicated graphics card. Programs such as Office or Excel typically do not require 3D acceleration for pushing polygons. If a computer mostly runs such programs and doesn't output to two or more displays, integrated video will suffice.
Go with integrated if you're using the computer for
Office productivity
Media streaming
Data entry
Integrated Audio
For most users, integrated audio provides all the sound fidelity they need. The difference in quality between onboard audio and most mainstream sound cards has narrowed greatly in the last few years. In the early 2000s, integrated audio meant lower-quality audio and a lack of advanced features such as surround sound. But today, integrated audio cards have surrounded sound built-in and output relatively high quality audio.
So what's the advantage of a dedicated sound card? It still comes down to advanced features and the audio quality. Premium sound cards can output higher fidelity audio with less noise. But most users with the exception of audiophiles and recording artists won't hear the difference.
Comparing integrated audio to middle-of-the-road sound cards such as the Asus Xonar 7.1 sound card, the difference likely won't matter to most people. The Xonar gets you 7.1 surround, slightly better signal-to-noise ratio (SNR), and more customization options in the bundled software.
Pricier sound cards typically provide even better SNR, more consistent power, additional audio outputs and inputs, and built-in headphone amps. Do you really need those features? Integrated audio will suffice for almost all office-use and home-use scenarios. Really, the only time you need a dedicated sound card is for studio production work or if you want studio-quality playback.
Go with integrated if you're using the computer for
Basic audio/video playback
Streaming music or video content
Integrated Networking
Nearly all motherboards feature built-in Ethernet (wired) networking capabilities and some even have Wi-Fi. Discrete Ethernet cards usually don't add additional functionality that you must have. Some advertise faster speeds, but that connection speed is more limited by your ISP or network than your network adapter.
Some motherboards models include Wi-Fi and have separate antenna units that can be mounted by the user, which can be put in the best spots for optimal Wi-Fi signal. The downside of integrated Wi-Fi is that it cannot be updated to support new Wi-Fi standards. But you can buy a dedicated Wi-Fi adapter when that happens. For Ethernet, there's no reason not to use onboard. For Wi-Fi, get an adapter only if needed. Otherwise, onboard Wi-Fi can offer better reception (assuming the antenna can be custom mounted).
Go with integrated if you're using the computer for
All scenarios excluding server-related tasks
Summary
To reiterate, for graphics cards, go with a dedicated solution if you need multi-monitor output or heavy graphics computing power. Onboard audio will suffice in most situations unless you need extremely high-quality playback or are doing production work. Onboard networking hardware works just fine and in fact built-in Wi-Fi can sometimes perform better. Integrated motherboard components shouldn't be seen as budget options, because in many scenarios they're more than good enough.
Summary Article Name When Motherboard Components Make the Cut - HardBoiled Description Integrated motherboard components shouldn't always be equated as the budget solution. In many cases, they make more sense than dedicated hardware. Author Wallace Chu
Image copyright MPG Awards Image caption Pop artist FKA Twigs took home two prizes
Women took several of the top awards at Wednesday's Music Producers Guild (MPG) Awards, marking a sea change in a profession typically dominated by men.
Alt-pop artist FKA Twigs won best single (Pendulum) and best album (LP1), both of which she co-produced.
Catherine Marks was named breakthrough producer of the year for her work on Wolf Alice's Mercury-nominated album My Love Is Cool.
Sylvia Massy, whose credits include REM and Prince, won an inspiration award.
The US producer, who has 25 gold and platinum albums to her name, was also honoured for her efforts to preserve and promote vintage recording equipment, and for her work as a writer, artist and educator.
Figures compiled in 2010 suggested less than 5% of record producers were female, although the figure is thought to have risen as technology allowed music to be created at home studios or on laptops.
"The diversity of talent winning MPG Awards this year is truly outstanding and we are proud to be reflecting the ever rising number of women in the top tier of music making," said MPG award director Tony Platt.
Image copyright MPG Awards Image caption Charlie Andrew was presented with his Brit Award by indie band Alt-J
Elsewhere, the awards honoured Swedish pop svengali Max Martin, whose recent hits include Ellie Goulding's Love Me Like You Do, The Weeknd's Can't Feel My Face and large swathes of Taylor Swift's global smash album 1989.
He was named the best international producer, while Olga Fitzroy, who works closely with Coldplay, was named recording engineer of the year.
Charlie Andrew won the top honour - producer of the year - recognising his contribution to albums by Alt-J, Sivu and Marika Hackman in 2015.
The award means he automatically received the 2016 Brit Award for best producer, which was presented at the same time.
The lifetime achievement prize went to Youth, who sat behind the mixing desk on classic albums like The Verve's Urban Hymns, James's Seven and Together Alone by Crowded House.
The musician, whose real name is Martin Glover, is also the bassist in Killing Joke and has recorded three experimental electronic albums with Sir Paul McCartney under the name The Fireman.
He was presented his award by The Verve's Richard Ashcroft; and they went on to play Bittersweet Symphony, accompanied by David Gilmour, Jah Wobble and Sex Pistols drummer Mark Cook.
Finally, Beatles engineer Geoff Emerick won the MPG Award for innovation.
Image: Danish Siddiqui/ReutersNon-Performing Assets (NPAs) had become a long standing issue with the Indian banking industry impacting the credit delivery of banks to a great extent. The growing bad debts and a depressed balance sheet growth were both posing a hindrance to India's future growth prospects.The Narendra Modi led government approved the Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill, 2017, realising the need to overhaul the entire banking system to ensure a faster and inclusive growth for India. The banking framework 2017 aims to resolve issues pertaining to the speedy winding up of insolvent financial services sector companies, and redeployment of capital more productively.The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC) 2016, strengthens both identification and resolution of insolvencies and is likely to significantly improve some of the parameters contributing to ease-of-doing-business ranking for India. RBI is very keen to address the high NPA situation with banks. Based on recent reports and identification of the top 12 accounts alone – it is expected to result into additional provision of Rs 25,000 crores in the balance sheet of banks. Such high provisions could adversely impact banks' capitalisation strength, requiring additional funds to manage operations. Accordingly, such a Bill could be helpful for the government to address struggling banks in coming up with resolution plans (including bank mergers – which anyways had been envisaged for some time) without committing additional public money to support already stressed financial institutions, which even if done, may only be a short term solution rather than a systematic solution.Additionally, with the advent of new age financial services, companies that have aggressive business models to ensure rapid growth, hold an inherent risk for various stakeholders. The Bill will fill the gap created by the IBC by now covering financial institutions and thereby, giving all stakeholders in the value chain a timely resolution to their problems. It will act as a cover to address the high inherent risk of business failures while inculcating a discipline among financial service providers in the event of any financial crisis by limiting the use of public money to bail out distressed entities.The Bill will try to bring about financial stability in the economy in the long run by ensuring adequate preventive measures, while at the same time providing the necessary instruments for dealing with crisis.By approving the Bill, the government seeks to provide relief to the consumers of financial service providers in financial distress. Further, it aims to strengthen and streamline the current framework of deposit insurance for the benefit of a large number of retail depositors.Once the cleanup exercise starts, the government intends to put in place a comprehensive resolution framework to tackle any potential crises in financial companies, bankruptcy of banks, insurers and other financial services firms, seeking to shield the financial system from systemic crises and protect consumers.Suffice to say, if this bill is executed properly, it would be a game changer for the Indian economy. This will provide stability and resilience to the financial system to counter systemic vacuum which exists while tackling bankruptcy situations in financial firms. It will also provide deposit insurance to consumers of some categories of financial services up to a reasonable limit; monitor systemically important financial institutions (SIFI); and protect public funds to the extent possible. It will put in place a specialized mechanism to deal with bankruptcy situations in banks, insurance firms and financial sector entities.(By Mritunjay Kapur - National Head Strategy & Markets at KPMG in India. The views in this article are personal and do not reflect those of KPMG in India.)
House panel approves open carry
Scott Smith, a supporter of open carry gun laws, wears a pistol as he prepares for a rally at the Capitol, Monday, Jan. 26, 2015, in Austin, Texas. (AP Photo/Eric Gay) Scott Smith, a supporter of open carry gun laws, wears a pistol as he prepares for a rally at the Capitol, Monday, Jan. 26, 2015, in Austin, Texas. (AP Photo/Eric Gay) Photo: Associated Press Photo: Associated Press Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close House panels approves open carry 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
AUSTIN - The House Committee on Homeland Security and Public Safety on Thursday easily approved a bill to allow properly licensed Texans to openly carry their handguns in public, leaving just a couple steps left before the proposal becomes law.
House Bill 910 by Larry Phillips, R-Sherman, is the companion bill to open carry legislation the Senate passed on March 17. The proposal would allow Texans with concealed handgun licenses to openly carry their pistols in a shoulder or belt holster.
The proposal, which boasts 80 sponsors and co-authors, is all but guaranteed to pass in the House. Gov. Greg Abbott has promised to sign into law any legislation that expands gun owners' rights.
HB 910 was approved by a vote of 7-2, with Democratic Reps. Poncho Nevárez of Eagle Pass and Eric Johnson of Dallas voting no. Rep. Joe Moody of El Paso, who voted for the bill, is the first Democrat in either chamber to break with his party on this issue.
The panel did not vote on campus carry legislation, which would allow the same license holders to bring their handguns into college and university buildings, and instead will wait to vote on the Senate version that passed last week.
At San Diego Comic Con, on the Thursday, DC Comics are running a panel called DC NOW!
I wonder if they also heard the rumours, as I did, that Marvel's relaunch, is to be called MARVEL NOW! And decided to tweak Marvel's nose as Marvel have often tweaked that of DC Comics?
Bleeding Cool has been running a number of stories, detailing rumoured relaunch titles, such as Wolverine by Frank Cho, Uncanny Avengers by Remender and Opena, Hickman and Ribic on Avengers, Nova with Ed McGuinness, Fraction and Larroca on Fantastic Four, Gillen and Land on Iron Man, John Romita Jr and Rick Remender on Captain America, Bendis and Immonen on X-Men… and more but so far all they are, are rumours.
I understand that we may get confirmation, and plenty of details, later this week. But Marvel “now” aren't saying a thing…
However, I do know that this is a relaunch and not a reboot. No continuity will be reset, it will still be the Marvel Universe continuing stories. Just that lots of titles will now have a lovely fresh #1s, some will have new names, some will be cancelled and characters will have new designs, motivations, story arcs and raison d'etre.
Though it does give rise to speculation. Will the 616 Universe now be referred to as The Now Universe? Could the books be The Now 52? And will there be room for Marvel comics set in the past – or the future -if it's all about the NOW?
Let's redo that checklist….
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
There are lots of great composers out there and you can approach one if you want a custom piece of trailer music. But coming up with a great composition takes both time and money, which we had in short supply. Luckily, there's a surplus of good royalty free music out there.
I initially checked out Nash music, which is where we found the background music for our game (which we also use in our devlogs). I couldnt find what I wanted so I did a Google search for royalty free music and did a search for “educational” or “education” to see what would turn up. To my surprise, I found the trailer music on Shutterstock, which apparently now also licenses music tracks apart from photos.
When I first heard the track “Keep Riding” my ears instantly perked up and I though “this is it!” I did my due diligence by searching for other tracks. Shutterstock makes this easier by showing the track's waveform, so I could immediately see if any other tracks I was checking out had the similar “building up” phase at the beginning. I couldn't find anything else that called out to me, and after sharing with the team and getting the go signal from them, I bought the track.
Pro tip : before buying ANYTHING online, make sure to do a cursory Google search for discount coupons. I do this for everything from booking hotels to buying royalty free music, and in this case I got a sweet 15% discount from a random coupon site.
Storyboard
Cisco Systems, Inc ranks as one of the top manufacturers of Network-related equipment. “Cisco” is not an acronym, but it is an abbreviation of San Francisco. It is said by John Morgridge, the 34th employee and the company's first president that the creators of the company thought of this name while making their way to Sacramento for registration of the company. As they laid their eyes upon the Golden Gate Bridge structured in the sunlight, they decided the name of the company there and then.
The name cisco Systems (with a small “c”) was used for a long period of time, in the engineering department of the company, even after the name was altered to Cisco Systems, Inc. People using Cisco manufactured products can sometimes observe the name cisco Systems in bug reports and IOS messages.
DESIGN ELEMENTS OF CISCO LOGO
The Cisco logo has undergone several modifications throughout the years.
Shape of the Cisco Logo:
The old Cisco logo, consisting of a bridge enclosed in a box, was designed in-house under the supervision of Gary McCavitt, Director of Brand Identity, Cisco Systems. The logo, originating in 1990, was slightly reconstructed in 1996.
The new Cisco logo was created in collaboration with Joe “Phenom" Finocchiaro and Jerry “The King" Kuyper. Based on the original concept, it wonderfully addresses the objectives and ambitions of the company's vision. In the new logo, the length of the company name pushes the logotype to look small and the bridge emblem to look heavy.
Color of the Cisco Logo:
The new Cisco logo features the red and blue colors. The blue colors depict prosperity, excellence and calmness, while the red color represents determination and business responsibility.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 13/6/2011 (2815 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Winnipeg media outlets will get their first look at the city's first transit tunnel this afternoon, when Winnipeg Transit takes media outlets on a tour of the Southwest Rapid Transit Corridor.
Construction on the 3.6-kilometre, $138-million bus corridor, which runs from Queen Elizabeth Way near The Forks to Jubilee Avenue at Pembina Highway, is slated to wrap up late this year. Winnipeg Transit expects to open the busway in April, allowing buses running between downtown and Fort Garry to bypass Confusion Corner traffic.
The busway includes a new tunnel below the Fort Rouge Yards and a bridge over Osborne Street south of Confusion Corner. A bus station is slated to be constructed over the bridge. Other stations are slated for Harkness Street near The Forks, Morley Avenue in Fort Rouge and possibly at Jubilee Avenue.
The first phase of the busway was funded by all three levels of government, with the city and province paying for the bulk of the costs.
Soap Distillery Spring Release Sunday March 20th, Noon CST It's that time of the year again, which means our Spring Release is almost ready! We decided to release a day early, just to stay in line with industry standard.
We're bringing a favorite back again, with a few new scents being added to the limited edition list. Plus, we're finally bringing some other things back to stock! Here's the break down of what we're going to have:
BLOODY MARY
This has been slightly reformulated to be a bit more herbal, with a floral touch. Having notes of lavender, basil, sage, tomato leaves, cucumbers, lilies, and a touch of fresh, crisp celery, this fragrance will get you in a gardening mood!
Available in: soap, scrub, body oil
Earl Grey
Truly a classic, this one we've spent a couple of years trying to get the balance right. Smells like bergamot peel, oranges, lemons, with a sultry and complex hint of black tea leaves.
Available in: soap, scrub, body oil
AVIATION
True to the delicious drink, this citrusy green floral fragrance has notes of juniper, lemons, and violets, with the slightest sweet touch of cherry blossoms to tie it all together.
Available in: soap
BEES KNEES
We've finally created a soap to pair with our Bess Knees lip balm! It has a slightly more honeyed note, but it's just as great. You'll be thinking of those sweet porch hangs while you wash with this one.
Available in: soap, lip balm
...................................
BACK FOR MORE
Our Beard Oils are finally making it to the website! We've been selling the beard oils at shows, and sales have been so well that we decided to finally add them to the website. They will be available in three, all natural, essential oil blends:
Gin - Gin lovers, rejoice! We've got something for you, too. This fragrance embodies everything regarding fresh and clean. It is possibly one of our cleanest scents, while still being fairly herbaceous and unique. Of course, the main note is juniper berry, but it's got some helping hands from honeysuckle and clary sage. If you love clean, fresh, and well blended herbaceous scents, this one is for you. If it means anything, it's our favorite scent!
Scotch - This soap is just like a good aged scotch with notes of peaty smoked earth, wood, pine, and sweet caramel-y resin. Perfect for those who love a smokier and woodier fragrance. It smells like drinking scotch in a forest, sitting on the outside of a cabin, while wearing a flannel shirt. Yeah, it's all in there.
Old Fashioned - Just like the cocktail, this soap is a little sweet, a little spicy, and has a touch of fruit. Cedarwood is the heart of this soap, with a bit of spicy resinous balance from frankincense and clove, and at the finish line you'll find sweet orange and a touch of almond.
We will also have a full stock of our other standard offerings. Keep a look out on Sunday!
All products will be available through our website:
Soap Distillery
In response to Bill's comments, General Motors issued a press release stating: If GM had developed technology like Microsoft, we would all be driving cars with the following characteristics:
1. For no reason whatsoever, your car would crash twice a day.
2. Every time they repainted the lines in the road, you would have to buy a new car.
3. Occasionally your car would die on the freeway for no reason. You would have to pull to the side of the road, close all of the windows, shut off the car, restart it, and reopen the windows before you could continue.
For some reason you would simply accept this.
4. Occasionally, executing a maneuver such as a left turn would cause your car to shut down and refuse to restart, in which case you would have to reinstall the engine.
5. Macintosh would make a car that was powered by the sun, was reliable, five times as fast and twice as easy to drive - but would run on only five percent of the roads.
6. The oil, water temperature, and alternator warning lights would all be replaced by a single "This Car Has Performed An Illegal Operation" warning light.
7. The airbag system would ask "Are you sure?" before deploying.
8. Occasionally, for no reason whatsoever, your car would lock you out and refuse to let you in until you simultaneously lifted the door handle, turned the key and grabbed hold of the radio antenna.
9. Every time a new car was introduced car buyers would have to learn how to drive all over again because none of the controls would operate in the same manner as the old car.
10. You'd have to press the "Start" button to turn the engine off."
A former Atlantic Beach police chief's fall from being a top cop to joining the criminal ranks won't involve jail time, according to a plea agreement Wednesday.
Michael Classey pleaded guilty to five felony counts involving the possession of illegal steroids and tampering with evidence.
Classey, 50, faces five years' probation, will lose his law enforcement license and will have to make $11,300 in restitution, said Assistant State Attorney Rich Mantei.
Prosecutors will not seek any jail time. Classey has been out on bond since right after his arrest.
His sentencing hearing has been set for the week of March 6.
Classey was originally charged with 21 criminal counts. The remaining 16 have not yet been officially dropped, but it is anticipated they will be, Mantei said.
The original charges included a minimum mandatory three years in prison. But Classey's attorney, Kristopher Nowicki, said the minimum mandatory was dropped as part of the plea deal.
Classey resigned as police chief Sept. 23 after his home off Kernan Boulevard was raided by Florida Department of Law Enforcement agents a few days earlier. Those agents found steroids and other pills.
He cooperated with state and federal agents when the raid occurred. Classey turned over several guns and then led agents to a bathroom closet where he handed them vials of steroids and packaged syringes and a bedroom dresser that contained prescription bottles of pills without imprints or matching labels, as required by law.
He also took police to an upstairs closet where he removed two pill bottles - one with anti-anxiety drugs and the other with pain medication - from a shirt pocket.
Classey surrendered 11 days later after a lab analysis confirmed the drugs were illegal. State Attorney Angela Corey took a break during the high-profile murder re-trial of Michael Dunn to discuss the arrest.
"It's hard for all of us to do that, especially to charge someone in law enforcement who has taken the same oath we all have," Corey said at the time.
The raid occurred after agents stopped Classey outside a nearby UPS store where he picked up an overseas package of anti-anxiety pills that had been secretly intercepted by police earlier in the day. He handed them a second overseas package containing six vials of illegal steroids and stashed in his trunk.
Though Classey had a prescription for Xanax, he was illegally buying the drug online. When agents asked to see the computer he ordered the drugs on, it had already been disposed of it, police said at the time of his arrest.
J. Michael Deal, previously a deputy police chief in Altamonte Springs, was sworn in to replace Classey in December.
Classey was an Officer of the Year in Kennesaw, Ga., after earning a master's degree in public administration with a 4.0 grade-point average from Columbus (Ga.) State University. He was later promoted to sergeant and lieutenant.
Atlantic Beach officials in 2006 chose Classey among 100 nationwide candidates for a police captain's job that made him the No. 2 cop in the department. He became chief in 2008 when David Thompson left the position to become assistant city manager.
When he resigned, Classey was making $102,000 a year.
Larry Hannan: (904) 359-4470
Senate lawmakers on Tuesday told Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald to cease his department's retaliation against a whistleblower at the VA Medical Center in Phoenix, Arizona, and to transfer him to a VA facility outside the Phoenix system.
Sens. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, and Ron Johnson, R-Wisconsin, told McDonald that since whistleblower Brandon Coleman testified before Congress in December 2014 about problems at the Phoenix facility, he has been subjected to retaliation.
"As founding members of the Senate Whistleblower Protection Caucus, we are committed to ensuring that federal whistleblowers are treated fairly and that whistleblower retaliation is not tolerated within the federal government," the two said in their Feb. 16 letter.
Grassley is chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee and Johnson chairs the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee.
“VA is in possession of the members' letter and will respond directly to their office,” department spokeswoman Walinda West said. In a statement, the VA said it is committed to creating a work environment in which all employees feel safe sharing what they know, whether good news or bad, for the benefit of veterans, without fear of reprisal.
Coleman is a former Marine and an addictions specialist at the Phoenix facility, where he was suspended previously after informing higher-ups that VA officials and staff were putting suicidal veterans at risk through neglect and poor treatment.
He was one of several whistleblowers invited to testify before Congress in September, when the group talked about the continued harassment that whistleblowers face even as the VA pledges to protect them.
In December 2014, Coleman filed a whistleblower complaint alleging the hospital was failing to properly care for suicidal veterans. A month later, the hospital's interim director, Glen Grippen, met with the VA's regional counsel to learn if they could "remove Coleman from employment," the senators tell McDonald in the letter.
Coleman could not be fired for whistleblowing but could be removed for "unrelated conduct," the attorney advised, according to the letter.
"Shortly after the meeting Mr. Coleman was accused of having an altercation with a colleague" and has been on administrative leave since February 2015, Grassley and Johnson said.
Coleman also reported this past November that a VA employee dressed up as him for a Halloween party at the Phoenix hospital, suggesting that the embarrassing treatment of him has been acceptable to senior officials.
Coleman wants a "simple, fair and equitable remedy," the senators told McDonald. "That remedy is not, as the Department seems to believe, to continue to force him to languish on extended administrative leave at significant unnecessary cost to the taxpayers with no ability, under current law, to challenge his leave status."
He also wants those responsible for the actions taken against him to be held accountable, they said.
The lawmakers also told McDonald they want the VA to brief their own staffs on what the department is doing about whistleblower retaliation. For that, they are requesting all correspondence relating to the investigations into the Halloween incident; to the Office of Accountability Review's inquiry into Grippen's alleged retaliation against Coleman; and to the decision to put Coleman on administrative leave back in February 2015.
-- Bryant Jordan can be reached at bryant.jordan@military.com. Follow him on Twitter at @bryantjordan.
The sheer amount and range of adult toys on the market today can be absolutely mind-blowing in a number of ways. But have you ever thought about how these bedroom-enhancing gadgets first started out? Let's face it; sex stores haven't exactly been around for very long, in fact, the world's first sex shop opened in West Germany in 1962. But that's not to say that our ancestors didn't enjoy a bit of adult-toy based stimulation before then!
Here are our picks of the top ten vintage sex toys, and we bet that some of them will shock, appal or maybe even inspire you.
Stone Dildo
(Pic: BBC News)
In 2005, researchers found what is thought to be the oldest known dildo; an ancient eight-inch stone phallus, dating back to 26,000 BC. Uncovered in a cave in Germany, scientists say the sculpted and polished siltstone phallus may have been used as a sex toy by its Ice Age manufacturers.
Offensive Weapon Or Personal Vibrator?
This rather terrifying-looking piece of machinery is in fact some sort of vibrating metal ball. Much like other personal vibrators it likely gives a rather powerful sensation when applied to the body, just whether or not you want to put it anywhere near your nether regions is up to you.
(Pic: Shinyshiny.tv)
Goat-Eye Cock Rings
The first ever cock rings were reported to have existed around 1200AD in China. The first ever cock rings were apparently made from the eyelids of goats – with the eyelashes intact! They were later made with Jade instead, and some jade rings are available to this day.
(Pic: AllProducts.com)
Steam-Powered Vibrator Machine
Don't be alarmed, but this was the first ever vibrator, created by American physician George Taylor MD in 1869. This large piece of steam-powered apparatus was used to treat an apparent illness known then as ‘female hysteria'. It's now known as being horny.
(Pic: found all over the Internet, no particular credit)
Horse Exercise Stimulator
After the steam-powered vibrator came the ‘Horse Exercise Machine' of the 1880s. According to the times, women were known to have sex drives and so the strange ‘womb disease' of hysteria was cured or alleviated through ‘pelvic massage' by contraptions such as this.
(Pic: Guyism.com)
Nazi Sex Doll
Who knew that Nazi Germany created the sex doll? ‘Project Borghild', a female plastic sex doll or ‘gynoid' was created in 1941 at Germany's Hygiene Museum. The top-secret ‘field hygienic project' was launched to ‘counterbalance' sexual drive and tension of troops in the field, and to lessen their temptation of sleeping with prostitutes.
(Pics: Arthur Rink)
Not A Dildo, A ‘Cordless Massager'
We don't know who they thought they were fooling with this advert, but the ‘cordless massager' this woman is gently applying to her face is clearly meant for other areas of the body.
(Pic: Guyism.com)
1970s Life-Like ‘Love Maid'
Something about this image reeks of false advertising. Surely any 1970s ‘Love Maid' constructed of vinyl for $8.95 could not possibly look like the lovely ‘Judy' shown barely clothed in the advertisement. But fear not, “accommodating” Judy is apparently “the most amazing, realistic and life-like companion you'll ever own!”
(Pic: Guyism.com)
Scary Mechanical Body Vibrators
Vibrators had made their way into the home from the early 1900s as ‘body massagers', but were never referred to as pleasure tools. Instead they were marketed for helping with ailments and illnesses such headaches and tuberculosis, or even just fading beauty. This 1950s ‘Vitilator' looks a bit industrial, but apparently it was great for an all body massage!
(Pic: Shinyshiny.tv)
Big 18th Century Wooden Willies
This pair of rather sizeable polished wooden dildos date from the 18th century and are on sale at an Antiques Auction in Essex. Made from Rosewood, the late-1700s phalluses are expected to fetch £3000-4000 at auction. They look pretty sturdy, but who's willing to buy second hand dildos?
(Pic: Anorak)
Isn't it a great privilege that the adult toy industry has come on leaps and bounds since the times when these rather odd pleasure tools were around? ‘Female hysteria' was finally revealed as utter nonsense and thus the female sex drive was ‘discovered'. Now there is barely any taboo attached to adult toys and sexual exploration, so go forth and find your own, more modern favourites!
Weapons
P2000 USP-S Glock-18 P250 CZ75-Auto Desert-Eagle R8 Revolver Dual Berettas Five-seveN Tec-9 Nova XM1014 MAG-7 Sawed-Off M249 Negev MAC-10 MP9 MP7 UMP-45 PP-Bizon P90 MP5-SD Famas Galil-AR M4A4 M4A1-S AK-47 SSG 08 AUG SG 553 AWP Scar-20 G3SG1 Gut Knife Flip Knife Bayonet M9 Bayonet Karambit Huntsman Knife Butterfly Knife Falchion Knife Shadow Daggers Bowie Knife Navaja Knife Stiletto Knife Talon Knife Ursus Knife
Collections
2018 Inferno Collection 2018 Nuke Collection Assault Collection Aztec Collection Danger Zone Dust Collection Inferno Collection Militia Collection Nuke Collection Office Collection Vertigo Collection Arms Deal Collection Arms Deal Three Collection Arms Deal Two Collection Bravo Collection Breakout Collection Chroma Case 2 Chroma Case 3 Clutch Case Danger Zone Case eSports 2013 Collection eSports 2014 Summer Collection eSports Winter Collection Falchion Case Gamma Case 2 Glove case Horizon Case Huntsman Collection Hydra Case Operation Phoenix Weapon Case Operation Wildfire Case Revolver Case Shadow Case Spectrum 2 Case Spectrum Case Vanguard Collection Winter Offensive Weapon Case Bank Collection Dust 2 Collection Italy Collection Lake Collection Mirage Collection Safehouse Collection Train Collection Alpha Collection Clutch Gloves Gloves Knives Music Kit Pins Capsule Series 1 Pins Capsule Series 2 Radicals box Bestiary Capsule Community Capsule 2018 Community Stickers Capsule 1 Community Stickers Capsule 2 Community Stickers Capsule 3 Community Stickers Capsule 4 Community Stickers Capsule 5 Enfu Sticker Capsule Perfect World Sticker Capsule 1 Perfect World Sticker Capsule 2 Pinups Capsule Slid3 Capsule Sticker Capsule 2 Sticker Capsule Sugarface Capsule Team Roles Capsule Atlanta 2017 Signatures Atlanta 2017 Team Stickers DreamHack 2014 Legends Dreamhack 2014 Team Stickers DreamHack Cluj-Napoca 2015 Signature DreamHack Cluj-Napoca 2015 Team Stickers ELeague Boston 2018 Signatures ELeague Boston 2018 Team Stickers EMS Katowice 2014 Challengers EMS Katowice 2014 Legends ESL One Cologne 2014 Challengers ESL One Cologne 2014 Legends ESL One Cologne 2015 Signatures ESL One Cologne 2015 Team Stickers FaceIT London 2018 Signatures FaceIT London 2018 Team Stickers IEM Katowice 2019 Players Signatures IEM Katowice 2019 Team Stickers Katowice 2015 Challengers Katowice 2015 Legends Katowice 2015 Team Stickers Krakow 2017 Signatures Krakow 2017 Team Stickers MLG Columbus 2016 Signature MLG Columbus 2016 Team Stickers Baggage Collection Cache Collection Chop Shop Collection Cobblestone Collection Gods and Monsters Collection Overpass Collection Rising Sun Collection Atlanta 2017 Teams Graffitis Community Graffiti Box 1 CS:GO Graffiti Box Droppable Graffiti Sprays Krakow 2017 Teams Graffitis Perfect World Graffiti Box
Published: 08.11.2018 10:25
Last updated: 14.02.2019 01:46
Sphalerite is common, but it does not often show up in casual collections of minerals, despite its occurrence in several different colors. This is perhaps because sphalerite is most commonly found in black or dark gray due to the frequent presence of iron impurities in its makeup.
Sphalerite has been previously called blende or later zinc blende. Its name is from the Greek word sphaleros, which means treacherous. It is often associated with galena, but it produces no lead. Ancient miners did not like finding sphalerite in their ore.
Crystal structure
The chemical formula of sphalerite is ZnS - zinc sulfide. This chemical formula represents sphalerite in its pure form, but it is much more commonly found with significant amount of other elements substituting zinc. Up to 26 % Fe, 17 % Cd, 15 % Hg, 21 % Mn and small amounts of Cu, In, Ga, Ge and As may replace the zinc. These elements substituting for zinc can cause variable colors in sphalerite.
Various crystal shapes and combinations of sphalerite crystals. Drawings by Crystal Shapes
Sphalerite is isometric with exactly the same structure as diamond. Of course, the structure consists of regularly distributed Zn and S instead of carbon. Sphalerite forms twinned crystals in large groups with terahedral shapes. Octahedral crystals, distorted cubic crystals and dodecahedral crystals may also be found, as well as grainy, stalactitic, botryoidal, and massive growths. The hexagonal polymorph of ZnS is wurtzite, which is quite rare.
Physical Properties
Because of the frequency of inclusions and impurities in sphalerite, it is rarely found in its purest form. Pure sphalerite has a white streak, but with impurities it usually streaks brown. This mineral is not very hard, registering at 3.9 to 4.1 on the Mohs scale of hardness, and it is brittle. It features a metallic or sub-metallic luster, and may also be resinous or adamantine. It can be black, gray, brown, green, red, yellow, or orange, but it is almost never colorless. When brown, it is usually banded and globular in nature.
Superb quality gemmy sphalerite (var. cleiophane) from Banská Štiavnica, Slovakia. Size: 9 x 6 cm, Noro collection. Photo: Albert Russ
Black sphalerite with high amount of Fe is called marmatite, yellow translucent gemmy crystals of sphalerite are called cleiophane and red sphalerites are known as ruby blende or ruby jack. Sometimes, sphalerite bands together with wurtzite, galena, pyrite, and marcasite into concentric layered shapes known as schalenblende.
Polished slab of the galena-sphalerite-marcasite aggregate (schalenblende) from Olkusz, Poland. Size 20 x 14.5 cm, photo: Vítězslav Snášel
Sphalerite is sometimes triboluminescent, which means that it looks orange or yellow when it is struck by a harder object. It is also known to fluouresce in an yellow, orange or blue colors when placed under ultraviolet light, although this trait is most common in transluscent specimens. Sphalerite dissolves in hydrochloric acid, and when it does, it smells like sulfur or rotten eggs, because the smelly (and poisonous) H 2 S gas is released.
Applications
Sphalerite is the most common zinc mineral and the most important zinc ore. When Cd, In, Ga, Ge and Ta are present, they are recovered from sphalerite as well. Zinc is used in protective zinc-coatings on steel, in brass (copper-zinc alloy) production, in batteries and electronics and in the production of white pigment (ZnO - zinc oxide).
Red sphalerite (var. ruby blende) crystals on siderite from Příbram, Czech Republic. Size: 10 x 8 mm. Photo: Vítězslav Snášel
Sphalerite is common in mineral collections, and those who do keep it find beauty in its variety of shapes and colors. Transparent yellow and red specimens are highly prized, and may be cut into faceted shapes.
Origin
Most of the nice sphalerite specimens are of hydrothermal origin. Sphalerite is very common on medium-tempered ore veins, often associated with galena, pyrite, chalcopyrite, siderite, fluorite, baryte, calcite or dolomite.
Sphalerite can also originate from volcanic activity, and many submarine volcanoes produce a mixture of sulfides with significant amounts of sphalerite. These volcano-sedimentary layers can be metamorphosed into stratiform deposits. Sphalerite can also occur as a massive deposit together with pentlandite, pyrrhotite and chalcopyrite in mafic magmatic rocks like gabbros. Some skarns and greisens also contain significant amounts of massive sphalerite. A sedimentary origin of sphalerite is possible but quite uncommon. Weathering of sphalerite produces mainly hydrozincite, smithsonite and hemimorphite.
Black sphalerite from Hodruša, Slovakia. Size: 5 x 4 cm, Peter Cagáň collection. Photo: Albert Russ
Occurrence
Sphalerite is easy to find at many sites all around the world. In Europe, many beautiful specimens have been recovered from classic sites like Binntal, Switzerland; Banska Stiavnica, Slovakia; Stribro and Pribram, Czech Republic; Lindares, Spain; Cavnic and Baia Sprie in Romania; Trepca in Kosovo, Clausthal and Ramsbeck in Germany, Bleiberg in Austria or Madan in Bulgaria. Highly prized schalenblende comes from Segen Gottes Mine in Germany, Olkusz in Poland, and Schmalgraf Mine in Belgium.
Octahedral galena crystals with dark sphalerite from Viburnoum, USA. Size: 8 x 8 cm. Photo: Zbyněk Buřival
Many specimens have more recently been discovered in Kangjiawan, Nandan, and the Taolin Mine, all in China. Santa Eulalia and Naica in Mexico and the Huaron Mines in Peru are responsible for large and well-formed sphalerite crystals. Sphalerite is also produced in Tsumeb, Namibia. The rock dump at Niagara Falls in Canada has recently begun to produce sphalerite crystals as well, along with locations in Ontario and Quebec.
The United States has a wide variety of sphalerite available for mining. Most of the best United States specimens come from Treece, Galena, and Baxter Springs in Kansas; the Joplin area in Missouri; and Picher in Oklahoma. Some other productive sites include the Elmwood and Gordonsville Mines in Tennessee and the Denton Mine in Illinois. Beautiful examples of sphalerite can be also found in the Commodore and Bachelor Mines in Colorado; Balmat and Pierrepont in New York; and Franklin and Ogdensburg in New Jersey.
Great gemmy sphalerite on quartz matrix from Banská Štiavnica, Slovakia. Size: 8 x 5 cm, Noro collection. Photo: Albert Russ
Dark green sphalerite can be found in the Cap Mine in Arizona. Highly priced gemmy yellow sphalerite (cleiophane) comes from Banska Stiavnica, Slovakia. Great red sphalerite (ruby blende) was recently found in China.
How Much Progress Have We Made Since Women Went On Strike In 1970?
In 1970, women's rights activist Betty Friedan helped organize a disruptive feminist protest to mark the 50th anniversary of the ratification of the 19th amendment, which guaranteed women the right to vote. On Aug. 26, 1970, over 50,000 women crowded Fifth Avenue in New York City for the Women's Strike for Equality March. The strike had three primary goals: equal opportunity at work and in education, a right to medical support for abortion, and free 24-hour child care.
On Wednesday, nearly half a century after Friedan's demonstration, women across the country will once again hold strikes and protests, in a different political context this time, but with similar goals. Organizers of the Women's March on Washington, which drew hundreds of thousands of people to the nation's capital in January, have called for A Day Without a Woman strike on March 8. (The date is also International Women's Day.) Advocates are calling for women to participate in the strike by taking the day off from work, refusing to spend money except at women- and minority-owned businesses, or wearing red.
Today's movement has a longer list of goals than Friedan's, including such issues as protecting the LGBTQ community from work discrimination and supporting undocumented and migrant workers. But the basic principles are much the same. So it's worth checking in on how much progress American women have made since 1970 on the original movement's goals.
Equal opportunity in employment
In 1970, women made up only 38 percent of the paid labor force, and that share was even smaller in many of the best-paid industries. As a result, the Women's Strike for Equality focused in part on women who typically participated in unpaid labor at home.
“I remember a saying from that time was, ‘Don't iron while the strike is hot,'” said Terry O'Neill, the current president of the National Organization for Women. “Part of the reason for the wage gap was the formal exclusion of women from certain job categories.”
Women have narrowed the workforce-participation gap significantly over the past four and a half decades. Forty-seven percent of the labor force is now women, and in some industries, such as health services and education, women make up well over half of all employees.
But women are still underrepresented in executive suites and in many of the most highly paid professions. Just 27 percent of chief executives are women, along with 38 percent of surgeons and 23 percent of computer programmers, according to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
“It's clear that there are more doors open to women, but the disadvantages are also clear,” said Lisa Maatz, vice president of government relations for the American Association of University Women.
American women have similarly made significant but incomplete progress on narrowing the wage gap. In 1970, the typical woman with a full-time, year-round job earned 59 percent of what a typical man made, according to Census data. In 2015, women earned 80 percent as much as a typical man.
In recent years, however, progress has stalled, and the U.S. still lags behind several other countries in closing the gender pay gap. According to the most recent data available, the U.S. ranks 31st in pay equity among 37 countries who are either members or partners of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, an international coalition of mostly wealthy countries. Belgium ranks the highest, with women making 3.3 percent less than men.
COUNTRY GAP IN MEDIAN ANNUAL EARNINGS Belgium 3.3% – Costa Rica 3.7 – Luxembourg 4.1 – Slovenia 5.0 – Italy 5.6 – New Zealand 6.1 – Denmark 6.3 – Turkey 6.9 – Norway 7.1 – Spain 8.7 – Greece 9.1 – Hungary 9.5 – Poland 11.1 – Colombia 11.1 – Lithuania 12.4 – Slovak Republic 13.4 – Sweden 13.4 – Iceland 13.6 – France 13.7 – Netherlands 14.1 – Ireland 15.2 – Australia 15.4 – Czech Republic 16.5 – Mexico 16.7 – United Kingdom 16.9 – Switzerland 16.9 – Germany 17.1 – Austria 17.7 – Canada 18.6 – Portugal 18.9 – United States 18.9 – Finland 19.6 – Chile 21.1 – Latvia 21.1 – Japan 25.9 – Estonia 28.3 – Korea 36.7 – U.S. women make 18.9 percent less than men Among full-time workers. Latest data available (years 2012-15). Source: OECD
Some demographic groups lag even further behind. According to an analysis from the Economic Policy Institute, a liberal think tank, while white women make 81 percent of what a white man does, black women only earn 65.1 percent of what white men do, while Hispanic women make just 59.3 percent as much as white men.
The gender gap has persisted despite the fact that women are now earning bachelor's and advanced degrees at higher rates than men. Women earn less than men, on average, at every level of education.
“If women can't educate themselves out of the gender wage gap, then there must be something else going on,” said Elise Gould, senior economist at the Economic Policy Institute.
Child care
The U.S. hasn't even come close to achieving the 1970 march's goal of free round-the-clock child care. In 1971, Congress passed the Comprehensive Child Development Act, which would have created a federally funded child-care system. But President Richard Nixon vetoed the bill, which he said would “diminish both parental authority and parental involvement with children.” The U.S. has never again come close to offering universal child care.
As a result, child care in many parts of the country costs more than a majority of residents can afford. In Washington, D.C., home to the nation's least-affordable child-care market, annual infant care costs $22,631, or 35.6 percent of the median family income, according to the Economic Policy Institute. In Massachusetts, infant care costs $17,062 per year, or 19.5 percent of the state's median family income. And even in Mississippi, where infant care is cheapest, it costs $4,822, or 10.8 percent of median family income. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services considers child care unaffordable if it exceeds 7 percent of a family's income.
Unaffordable child care not only saps family's finances, Gould said, it often keeps women out of the workforce.
“If parents can't afford child care, it makes sense for the one earning less money to stay at home,” Gould said. “That often falls on the mom,” even before factoring in cultural expectations, she said.
Other countries do far more to make child care affordable. In 2013, the U.S. ranked 31 out of 33 surveyed OECD countries in public spending on family benefits. The U.S. spent 0.688 percent of its gross domestic product on family benefits in 2013; by comparison, Iceland, which offers heavily subsidized child care, spent 3.627 percent.
Abortion
The 1970 women's strike came just months after New York became one of only two states in the country that had legalized abortion. Three years later, the Supreme Court ruled in Roe v. Wade that the Constitution protects the right to abortion nationwide.
Since then, however, a succession of court rulings have chipped away at that right, and in recent years states across the country have passed laws making it harder to access abortion services. More than 1,000 restrictions — such as mandated parental involvement for minors and limits on public funding for low-income women — have been enacted in the U.S. since the case was decided in 1973.
In part because of those laws, abortion clinics across the country have closed. Texas has lost at least 30 clinics since 2011, according to a 2016 analysis by Bloomberg. Even in blue states, which are generally supportive of abortion rights, clinics are closing. Since 2011, twelve clinics in California have closed, along with others in Washington, New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.
President Trump has promised to appoint Supreme Court justices who are opposed to abortion rights, which could lead to a further narrowing of abortion rights or even an outright reversal of Roe v. Wade. (Trump's first nominee to the court, federal appellate judge Neil Gorsuch, hasn't taken a public position on the constitutional right to an abortion.)
Trump has already taken other action against abortion rights. In January, he reinstated the so-called Mexico City Policy, which states that nongovernmental agencies abroad must not provide abortion services or they will be ineligible to receive U.S. federal funds. First introduced by President Ronald Reagan in 1984, it has been rescinded and reinstated by Democratic and Republican presidents ever since.
A transnational jihadist group now controls a swath of territory across northern Iraq and Syria, creating a de facto Sunni Islamic “caliphate” in its wake as it pushes south toward the Iraqi capital of Baghdad.
The group, the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) endangered the oil refinery of Baiji and yesterday seized Saddam Hussein's hometown of Tikrit, 80 miles northwest of Baghdad. The advances came just a day after ISIS shocked observers by easily taking full control of Mosul, one of Iraq's largest cities, where Iraqi soldiers trained and equipped by the US shed their uniforms as they fled. On Thursday the militant group claimed to have surrounded Samarra, bringing it closer to Baghdad.
ISIS is dramatically changing the map, often seizing ground without a shot being fired, and working with other Sunni militants and Saddam-era military officers.
It is a “golden moment” for ISIS “because their whole idea is based on territory; every [captured] city becomes an emirate,” says Fawaz Gerges of the London School of Economics, an authority on Al Qaeda and other jihadist groups.
“Militarily, territorially, financially and practically speaking, ISIS' Islamic State is very much nearing genuine realization,” said Charles Lister, a specialist on insurgent groups at the Brookings Doha Center, in a tweet after the fall of Mosul.
Al Qaeda outgrowth
ISIS is an outgrowth of Al Qaeda in Iraq, which reached its peak amid the Iraqi civil war but was severely weakened by the time the US left in 2011. Al Qaeda in Iraq eventually broke with Pakistan-based Al Qaeda central and renamed itself the Islamic State in Iraq – stressing its intent to create a caliphate as soon as possible inside the country.
That effort failed, but the dream did not, and when the war against President Bashar al-Assad broke out, the group expanded its vision to become the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Disavowed earlier this year by Al Qaeda's central leadership for its brutality to local populations and fierce anti-Shiite sectarianism, ISIS gradually worked its way back across the border into Iraq, capitalizing on political and social divisions exacerbated for years by the heavy-handed sectarian rule of Iraq's Shiite Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki.
“Al-Maliki's authoritarian tactics, the way he has mismanaged both the security forces and the political system – his role is pivotal, in allowing [ISIS] space and shelter, and also in motivating, providing ammunition to disaffected Sunnis to join,” says Mr. Gerges.
Mr. Maliki has called on Iraqis to “regain the initiative” and said the fall of Mosul would be reversed. “Even if the battle is a long one, we will not let you [Iraqi citizens] down, because we are facing a ferocious terrorist campaign,” he said.
One draw for ISIS is the relative simplicity of its ideology, compared with other Islamists, says Hassan Hassan, an analyst at the Delma Institute in Abu Dhabi. “The fact that ISIL has already announced an ‘Islamic State' that Muslims can join, and fight for its survival and expansion, appeals to a considerable number of people – even though its brutal tactics have alienated others,” writes Mr. Hassan in The National. “ISIL is quietly expanding its following in the villages and towns dotting the Iraqi-Syrian border mostly because of the perceived reality of an Islamic state."
Proximate enemies, proxy war
In contrast to Al Qaeda central and Yemen-based offshoot Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, which have concentrated on distant enemies such as the US, ISIS and other jihadists in Syria and Iraq focus on proximate enemies, such as Mr. Assad and Maliki.
“Iraq right now is a proxy for Iran,” David Phillips, a former senior adviser to the US State Department, told the BBC. “Countries like Saudi Arabia, which oppose Iran's influence, are supporting these extremist groups in order to limit Iraq's power, and to try to put the brakes on Prime Minister Maliki's grab for a third mandate as prime minister. So Iraq is a battleground between Sunni and Shia, as it has been all along.”
Their aim, said Mr. Phillips, is to use a caliphate that does not recognize formal borders as a “launching point for radicalization through the region."
For the fighters themselves, the idea of a national home is dissolving as they push for that broader Islamic state. There have been reports of some burning their passports in Syria.
“Everybody's renouncing their affiliation with their countries, because we are now trying to establish the caliphate. … Our citizenship means nothing to us anymore,” a British foreign fighter by the name of Abu Sumayyah al-Britani said from the northern Syrian town of Idlib, in a May 25 broadcast of “The ISIS Show,” posted by EAWorldview.
Even the Syrians, the ISIS fighter said, are “distancing” themselves from their national identity. The porousness of the Syria-Iraq border – through which ISIS drove some of the US-made hardware it captured in Mosul into Syria – has reinforced that point. The Economist cites one estimate that ISIS has some 6,000 fighters in Iraq and 3,000 to 5,000 in Syria, among them 3,000 foreigners.
Extreme violence stirs challenges
Although ISIS can draw on the "deep rift" between Sunnis and Shiites, their track record in Syria “shows how they are their own worst enemy," Gerges says. Any level of violence is acceptable because “these limited victories all accumulate to bring about the Islamic caliphate as a strategic goal," he explains.
The group's extreme violence in Syria – beheadings and public crucifixions, directed at rival Islamist rebel groups, as well as civilians and suspected “traitors" – prompted other Islamist groups to take them on. Their path mirrored that of Al Qaeda in Iraq in 2006 and 2007, whose brutality spurred many Sunnis of Anbar Province to challenge them themselves, with US help.
Though gaining territory in Iraq, ISIS is already sowing the “seeds of their own self-destruction,” Gerges says. “The question is: How long will it take? And how much damage will it do in the meantime?”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
The crisis, ironically, could be a wake-up call to unify Iraqis.
Maliki “is the leader, he is the strong man, he built himself up as the most qualified – in fact the only one – who could take [ISIS] on, and it exploded in his face,” adds Gerges. “That's why there is hope … that this really scary, dangerous moment will serve as a catalyst to bring Iraqis together, to begin the process of reconciliation.”
When is the best time to review an expansion for a massively multiplayer online game? If you ask developer Bungie, they'll tell you Destiny isn't an MMO, but its shared-world questing and shooting, its collecting and grinding and levelling and looting, make it similar enough that there is little real distinction. And with The Taken King, Bungie has embraced a new vision for Destiny - one that many hoped it would deliver last September - following an overhaul, expansion and polish for the game.
The Taken King has now been out over a week, and I've seen numerous appraisals arguing that its changes progress the game into the experience it originally should have been. But it's not been a sudden turnaround. Slowly but surely, Bungie has been edging Destiny into this state ever since its first add-on launched last December. That's not to say that all has gone smoothly - first expansion The Dark Below had its own missteps - but Bungie has continued to note feedback and found ever more solid footing in the follow-up House of Wolves add-on last May. Patch 2.0, released a week before The Taken King, must also be given credit for laying much of the expansion's groundwork, whether you pay for it or not.
In some ways, The Taken King is also a regression: a step back to an earlier version of Destiny that the public never saw. This version of the game once included more story, had more personality, but for whatever reason it was retooled a year before the game's final launch. It's still tantalising to think that the plans for this version of Destiny still lie somewhere in Bungie's vaults - that it once might have seen the light of day had things turned out differently. It's the version that we hear about now and then from former employees and the version that many fans were expecting when Destiny eventually did launch, with so much character and class excised. But it would be unfair to say that The Taken King has just reverted to that earlier version of Destiny. The expansion has used ideas from it, along with improvements cooked up throughout the game's subsequent year of development while the game's story was retooled, plus every bit of learning from the past year post-release, too.
Bungie still won't call Destiny an MMO, but now more than ever before it can be identified as one. The 2.0 update retooled the game's entire weapon and armour system, streamlining progression up to Destiny's top level just using XP but keeping its Light level system for progressing your character's strength further, giving you incremental upgrades at a faster rate and for far longer. Characters now have a third subclass to explore and choose from, widening the range of options available to players for different activities. Do you choose the ever-useful Warlock Sunsinger class with self-resurrection or the new electrical Stormcaller that turns you into the Emperor from Star Wars? The "questification" of Destiny's pre-existing story missions prior to The Taken King has changed the relationship that players now have with the game's cast of characters, while the expansion itself finally gives them some freedom of expression, some time to show their personality, and it also moves the story of Bungie's universe on in meaningful ways.
:: The best PS4 Black Friday deals
Into the Crucible The Taken King focuses heavily on the game's campaign and co-operative experiences, but it also adds a bumper crop of new Crucible maps to extend the game's player-versus-player mode. Notably there's another Mercury-based area, Vertigo, set atop towering spires. Another standout is The Drifter, which takes place aboard a derelict Fallen ship in the Reef with added gravity-distortion gameplay effects. The new Rift mode adds a tweaked Capture the Flag experience to the game, while even PVE stalwarts will want to try a round of Mayhem - the new mode where Super abilities recharge quickly to produce a match as chaotic as its name suggests.
However, as with any online experience, the story that the game tells is only half of the tale - the rest is formed by those who team up with others to experience it. The Taken King features a cinematic campaign, but after that you are launched into a lengthy array of post-game activities which open up their own lines of quests, rewards and activities with other players out in Destiny's public spaces. The Taken King's new Dreadnaught destination is a prime example. A beast of a spaceship parked out in the rings of Saturn, this location serves as the command carrier of the big bad guy, Oryx, during the story campaign, and then as your new playground for many, many hours of exploration after. Destiny's original planetary areas were largely just spaces for you to run or fly through, to chase a bounty or to endlessly farm materials. In comparison, the Dreadnaught is a box of puzzles, a giant treasure trove that holds all manner of secret chests, keys, rituals and runes to decipher.
A couple of nights ago, I was wandering around the Dreadnought doing something - I can't remember what - accompanied by a couple of friends. We found a new area, a chasm covered in narrow platforms that only became visible when you pulled out your Ghost. Navigating over, falling, failing, dying and then retrying, we made it to a chest that required The Scent of the Worm to open. Did anyone know what that was? One of us had an idea. We backtracked to a tunnel nearby where a mossy mist slowly rose out of the ground. And we just stood there. Was my screen turning green? Suddenly there was a timer ticking down and now we had to make it back, running, all the way to the chasm with the invisible platforms once again. It took a couple of tries but we worked out a system where two of us would stay keeping sections of the platforms visible while the other person would make a clear run. And, together, we all got to the chest at the other side. What lies in that chest is for players to find out - what sticks with me is getting there.
The Taken King adds new competitive multiplayer maps and match types to Destiny's Crucible mode, including the fun Capture the Flag-style Rift mode.
Here's another story from The Taken King's first week, one which spread around the Destiny community like wildfire. Last Friday the game's travelling merchant Xur turned up with a new trick up his sleeve - an item named the Three of Coins which would boost your chance of getting the game's best loot from the next boss you killed. As things go in MMOs, people quickly worked out a strategy to farm this boost over and over. A particular mission had a checkpoint that let you retry its finale over and over if you killed its boss and yourself at the same time ("just run up to the Archon, point your rocket launcher at your feet and fire"). This technique's efficiency for gaining high-level loot so soon after the expansion's launch was so tantalising (and so unlikely to have been intended by Bungie) that when I logged in to Destiny the following morning I heard the broken voices of friends who had stayed up way past their bedtimes repeatedly trying the method before it could be patched out, and who were now armed with a haul of exotic items as a reward.
Remembering Dragon Age: Origins How Bioware brought the fantasy RPG into the 21st century.
Destiny's new raid, King's Fall, is specifically designed to provide more experiences like this. Created and tested by many of the developers who built the Vault of Glass, the game's original and best raid experience, it is another activity designed to challenge the most seasoned Destiny players. Like Vault of Glass - and unlike the game's other raid, Crota's End - it is an experience designed from the Dreadnaught floor up to test the teamwork of all players in your fireteam of six. All of you must work together, split your party at specific moments, assign roles and support each other to survive its trials. There are also key moments where you and your fireteam can take a breather and spend time trying sections that let you play with some of your other skills - again, like Vault of Glass' jumping and stealth sections that acted as palate-cleansers before even tougher fights ahead.
When's a good time to review an MMO? After a week, The Taken King is still yet to reveal all of its secrets, but the impact is clear: with this expansion, Bungie has changed the foundations of Destiny for the better. This expansion is far larger, its focus far wider than anything that has gone before, and it has lifted the entire Destiny experience as a result - whether you start the game now, return after some time away or never stopped playing. By focusing on improvements to the game's story, as well as the stories players will forge themselves, Bungie has made The Taken King a hugely successful addition.
If Everton's last summer transfer window was an animal, it would have been a Drama Llama, because tensions were high, drama was in abundance, and Everton kept it quiet that a Llama had actually found its way into Finch Farm. Well not really, but it was a dramatic window.
Sissoko wouldn't answer his phone and fortunately for us he ended up signing for Spurs, with such little time left, Everton had to go with one of their back up plans and got Enner Valencia on loan with an option to buy later.
The loan was initially greeted with despair by Everton fans, including me, after seeing the West Ham fans' reaction to the new that Valencia was no longer in their squad. Their elation was understandable, in 72 appearances he had only scored 10 goals, the general feel around the fans was that Valencia lacked the talent required to play in the lower leagues.
This season however, Valencia has established himself as a game changer in the form of a super sub. In 19 games he has earned 3 goals, so 0.158 goals per game for us compared to 0.139 goals per game for West Ham, far from prolific. Clearly you cannot depend on him as your goal scorer, well Hibbert didn't score many but he was a ledge, doesn't mean we shouldn't sign Valencia at the end of this season.
If you've watched Everton play then you know Valencia is a very important part of our success this season, it takes significantly more than 11 players to do well in the Premier League. ‘Squad players' are essential to successful seasons, in Enner Valencia we have a player who is willing to wait for his chance to play, to come on and really effect games with his pace and ability to get in and around the box.
Enner one else love when Valencia comes on and causes havoc in the box?
Reports state that Everton actually agreed to a £12 million deal, not the £14.5 million figure that everyone previously believed. This is still a bloated number, but who cares? He enjoys playing for Everton, he is perfect for when we need to shake things up. Imagine being a left back who has played for 70 minutes then seeing Valencia get subbed on, fresh as a bagel, full of intent to sprint directly past you. It's nothing short of daunting, and for that reason I hope Everton choose to keep him.
Up the Ev.
This is NGC 1332, a galaxy with a black hole at its center whose mass has been measured with high precision by ALMA. Photo: Carnegie-Irvine Galaxy Survey High Res
It's about 660 million times as massive as our sun, and a cloud of gas circles it at about 1.1 million mph.
This supermassive black hole sits at the center of a galaxy dubbed NGC 1332, which is 73 million light years from Earth. And an international team of scientists that includes Rutgers associate professor Andrew J. Baker has measured its mass with unprecedented accuracy.
Their groundbreaking observations, made with the revolutionary Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) in Chile, were published today in the Astrophysical Journal Letters. ALMA, the world's largest astronomical project, is a telescope with 66 radio antennas about 16,400 feet above sea level.
Black holes – the most massive typically found at the centers of galaxies – are so dense that their gravity pulls in anything that's close enough, including light, said Baker, an associate professor in the Astrophysics Group in Rutgers' Department of Physics and Astronomy. The department is in the School of Arts and Sciences.
A black hole can form after matter, often from an exploding star, condenses via gravity. Supermassive black holes at the centers of massive galaxies grow by swallowing gas, stars and other black holes. But, said Baker, “just because there's a black hole in your neighborhood, it does not act like a cosmic vacuum cleaner.”
Stars can come close to a black hole, but as long as they're in stable orbits and moving fast enough, they won't enter the black hole, said Baker, who has been at Rutgers since 2006.
“The black hole at the center of the Milky Way, which is the biggest one in our own galaxy, is many thousands of light years away from us,” he said. “We're not going to get sucked in.”
Andrew J. Baker, associate professor and member of the Astrophysics Group at Rutgers.
Photo: Courtesy of Andrew J. Baker High Res
Scientists think every massive galaxy, like the Milky Way, has a massive black hole at its center, Baker said. “The ubiquity of black holes is one indicator of the profound influence that they have on the formation of the galaxies in which they live,” he said.
Understanding the formation and evolution of galaxies is one of the major challenges for modern astrophysics. The scientists' findings have important implications for how galaxies and their central supermassive black holes form. The ratio of a black hole's mass to a galaxy's mass is important in understanding their makeup, Baker said.
Research suggests that the growth of galaxies and the growth of their black holes are coordinated. And if we want to understand how galaxies form and evolve, we need to understand supermassive black holes, Baker said.
Part of understanding supermassive black holes is measuring their exact masses. That lets scientists determine if a black hole is growing faster or slower than its galaxy. If black hole mass measurements are inaccurate, scientists can't draw any definitive conclusions, Baker said.
To measure NGC 1332's central black hole, scientists tapped ALMA's high-resolution observations of carbon monoxide emissions from a giant disc of cold gas orbiting the hole. They also measured the speed of the gas.
“This has been a very active area of research for the last 20 years, trying to characterize the masses of black holes at the centers of galaxies,” said Baker, who began studying black holes as a graduate student. “This is a case where new instrumentation has allowed us to make an important new advance in terms of what we can say scientifically.”
He and his coauthors recently submitted a proposal to use ALMA to observe other massive black holes. Use of ALMA is granted after an annual international competition of proposals, according to Baker.
ALMA is an international partnership of the National Radio Astronomy Observatory, European Southern Observatory and National Astronomical Observatory of Japan in cooperation with Chile. U.S. access to ALMA comes via the National Radio Astronomy Observatory, which is supported by the National Science Foundation.
Coauthors of the study of NGC 1332's central black hole include: lead author Aaron J. Barth, Benjamin D. Boizelle and David A. Buote of the University of California, Irvine; Jeremy Darling of the University of Colorado; Baker; Luis C. Ho of the Kavli Institute for Astronomy and Astrophysics at Peking University in Beijing, China; and Jonelle L. Walsh of Texas A&M University.
For more information, please contact science communicator Todd B. Bates at tbates@ucm.rutgers.edu or 848-932-0550.
There is a quiet war being waged between newly arrived Olympic athletes and members of the games support staff. At stake? The precious few pillows extant in Sochi.
On Sunday, Luiza Baybakova, a member of the catering crew, posted this to Instagram. It is a notice tacked up in a building housing Olympic volunteers:
Vocativ translates the note:
"ATTENTION, DEAR COLLEAGUES! Due to an extreme shortage of pillows for athletes who unexpectedly arrived to Olympic Village in the mountains, there will be a transfer of pillows from all apartments to the storehouse on 2 February 2014. Please be understanding. We have to help the athletes out of this bind."
Advertisement
The fact that any athletes' arrivals were "unexpected" is troublesome. But this seems to be where we are: volunteers being forced to give up their pillows so that the athletes can have something resembling a good night's rest.
(Luiza's Instagram hashtags are the best, by the way. On the above post she tagged her photo with: #Sochi2014 #Olympics #OlympicCamp #OlympicVillage #ManyAthletes #PillowForEveryone #TakingPillows #CantSleepWithNoPillow.
On a later post, her tags included: #TheyreTakingOurPillows #OlympicPillow #WhereDoAthletesComeFrom #PlzDontTake.)
Advertisement
Sochi Is Running Out of Pillows [Vocativ]
Formula 4 drivers Alexey Korneev and Nerses Isaakyan will join the FR2.0 Alps field at Misano this weekend.
The Russian duo, who both graduated karting last year, are on a dual programme in SMP F4 and French F4 this season. Korneev is a race winner in both, while Isaakyan's best finishes are second in French F4 and third in SMP F4.
The two drivers both follow in the footsteps of their respective brothers in joining the Alps series. Nerses' twin Matevos Isaakyan currently sits fourth in the standings in his sophomore year, while Alexey's brother Denis Korneev was in the series in 2013 and 2014, finishing eighth overall in the latter year.
Nerses Isaakyan will make his debut with teams' championship leaders Koiranen, while Alexey Korneev will join the Finnish squad's main rivals JD.
Frenchman Julien Falchero, who currently sits third in the V de V Single-Seater Challenge standings with GSK Grand Prix, is also set to be handed his FR2.0 race debut, sticking with the Italian team.
A 55-year-old described by the BBC as a 'man' and by Scotland's Daily Record as a 'pervert' has avoided jail after being spotted by neighbours having too much fun with too few clothes on a trampoline.
James Burden of Falkirk, a man of apparently hardy stock, was having a jolly good jump around on the apparatus in his back garden, at 5am on 25 March, in the nude. A neighbour who got up to go to the toilet happened to look out of the window and observed the boinging Burden with cigarette in one hand and - as Falkirk Sheriff Court heard - his "manhood" in the other. We at the Reg are impressed that at 5am on 25 March in Scotland, such a feat was even possible.
The Beeb reports that the shocked neighbour called the police who arrested Burden. He was charged with shameless indecency, and put on the sex offenders' register.
Burden admitted that his grip on his bits was indeed recreational and not simply a safety measure, and winningly confessed to performing the elaborate masturbatory manoeuvre "just for the thrill of it". He said he did not intend anyone to see him.
He pleaded guilty to a single charge of publicly exposing his person in a shameless and indecent manner, and approaching his neighbour's house and placing the occupant in a state of fear and alarm. He received three years' probation, and a rather sinister assurance from Sheriff William Gallacher that non-compliance may result in his being "removed from the community".
Burden was promised he would be provided with the support he needs. Your punchline goes here. ®
Bouncenote
As a special treat for our shuddering male readers, here are some hot chicks on a trampoline.
New Delhi: A Delhi court Friday allowed a plea by BJP leader Subramanian Swamy and summoned certain documents pertaining to financial details of Indian National Congress (INC) for the year 2010-2011 in the National Herald case.
Metropolitan Magistrate Lovleen partly allowed Swamy's plea in which he had sought summoning of documents related to financial details of INC, Associated Journals Pvt Ltd (AJL) and Young Indian Pvt Ltd (YI) in connection with the case.
Besides INC's documents for the year 2010-2011, the court also summoned AJL's documents for the same assessment year.
"I am partly allowing your application," the magistrate said while pronouncing the order.
Swamy had sought summoning of these documents contending that they were required for the purpose of investigation in the National Herald case.
He had referred to the court's June 26, 2014 order summoning Congress President Sonia Gandhi, her son Rahul Gandhi, Motilal Vora, Oscar Fernandes, Suman Dubey and Sam Pitroda as accused in the case.
Swamy, the complainant in the matter, had said that sufficient grounds for summoning these documents were mentioned in June 26, 2014 order.
The court had heard his contentions on summoning the balance sheet, receipts, income and expenditure statements for the assessment years 2010-11, 2011-12 and 2012-13 of the INC, AJL and YI.
Swamy had accused Sonia, Rahul and others of allegedly conspiring to cheat and misappropriate funds by just paying Rs 50 lakh by which YI obtained the right to recover Rs 90.25 crore which the AJL had owed to the Congress party.
On February 20, the court had directed that some documents summoned from the Ministries of Finance, Urban Development and Corporate Affairs, Income Tax Department and other agencies in the case would be kept in a sealed cover till further orders, after noting that Delhi High Court was seized of the matter.
The direction had come after the accused in the case had argued that Swamy should first satisfy the court about the relevance of the documents which were ordered to be summoned.
The court had on December 19, 2015, granted bail to Sonia, Rahul, Vora, Fernandes and Dubey, who had appeared before it pursuant to the summons issued earlier. Pitroda was granted bail on February 20 when he had appeared in the court.
Sonia, Rahul, Vora (AICC Treasurer), Fernandes (AICC General Secretary), Dubey and Pitroda were summoned for alleged offences under section 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) read with section 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC.
US corporate tax cheats hiding $1.4 trillion in profits in offshore accounts
By Patrick Martin
15 April 2016
A report issued Thursday by the British charity Oxfam found that the 50 largest US corporations are hiding $1.4 trillion in profits in overseas accounts to avoid US income taxes, much of it in tax havens like Bermuda and the Cayman Islands.
The biggest tax dodger is technology giant Apple, with $181 billion held offshore. General Electric had the second-largest stash, at $119 billion, enough to repay four times over the $28 billion GE received in federal guarantees during the 2008 Wall Street crash. Microsoft had $108 billion in overseas accounts, with companies like Exxon Mobil, Pfizer, IBM, Cisco Systems, Google, Merck, and Johnson & Johnson rounding out the top ten.
Overseas tax havens have been the focus of recent revelations about tax scams by wealthy individuals, based on the leak of the “Panama Papers,” documents from a single Panama-based law firm, Mossack Fonseca, involving 214,000 offshore shell companies. The firm's clients included 29 billionaires and 140 top politicians worldwide, among them a dozen heads of government.
But the sums involved in corporate tax scams dwarf those hidden away by individuals. According to the Oxfam report, the offshore manipulations by the 50 largest US corporations cost the US taxpayer $111 billion each year, while robbing another $100 billion annually from countries overseas, many of them desperately poor.
The $111 billion a year in US taxes evaded would be sufficient to eliminate 90 percent of child poverty in America, effectively wiping out that social scourge. It is more than the annual cost of the food stamp program, or unemployment benefits, or the total budget of the Department of Education.
Oxfam timed the release of its report for the April 15 income tax deadline in the United States (actually Monday, April 18 this year), when tens of millions of working people must file their income tax returns or face federal penalties. Working people could face additional tax penalties of up to 2 percent of household income, to a maximum of $975, under the Obamacare “individual mandate,” if they have not purchased private health insurance.
There is a stark contrast between the IRS hounding of working people for relatively small amounts of money—but difficult or impossible to pay for those on low incomes—and the green light given to corporate tax cheats who evade taxation on trillions in income.
Federal Tax Paid vs Federal Loans, Bailouts, Loan Guarantees Received by 50 largest US companies 2008-2014
“As Americans rush to finalize tax returns, multinational corporations that benefit from trillions in taxpayer-funded support are dodging billions in taxes,” said Raymond C. Offenheiser, President of Oxfam America. “The vast sums large companies stash in tax havens should be fighting poverty and rebuilding America's infrastructure, not hidden offshore in Panama, Bahamas, or the Cayman Islands.”
The Oxfam report, titled “Broken at the Top,” expresses concern that “tax dodging by multinational corporations…contributes to dangerous inequality that is undermining our social fabric and hindering economic growth.”
It continues: “This inequality is fueled by an economic and political system that benefits the rich and powerful at the expense of the rest, causing the gains of economic growth over the last several decades to go disproportionately to the already wealthy. Among the most damning examples of this rigged system is the way large, profitable companies use offshore tax havens, and other aggressive and secretive methods, to dramatically lower their corporate tax rates in the United States and developing countries alike.”
Oxfam collected figures available from the 10-K reports and other financial documents issued by the 50 largest US companies, covering the period since the Wall Street crash, 2008 through 2014, and presented them in an interactive table. The figures included total profits, federal taxes paid, total US taxes paid (including state and local), lobbying expenses, tax breaks, money held in offshore accounts, and benefits received from the federal government, including loans, loan guarantees and bailouts.
Among the most important findings:
* The top 50 companies made nearly $4 trillion in profits globally, but paid only $412 billion in federal income tax, for an effective tax rate of barely 10 percent, compared to the statutory rate of 35 percent.
* The 50 companies spent $2.6 billion to influence the federal government, while reaping nearly $11.2 trillion in federal support, for an effective return of 400,000 percent on their lobbying expenses.
* The overseas cash stashed by the 50 companies, nearly $1.4 trillion, is larger than the Gross Domestic Product of Russia, Mexico, Spain or South Korea.
* US multinationals reported 43 percent of their foreign earnings from five tax havens, countries that accounted for only 4 percent of their foreign workforce and 7 percent of foreign investment. All told, US companies shifted between $500 billion and $700 billion in profits from countries where economic activity actually took place to countries where tax rates were low.
* In the year 2012 alone, US firms reported $80 billion in profits in Bermuda, more than their combined reported profits in the four largest economies (after the US itself): China, Japan, Germany and France. This figure was nearly 20 times the total GDP of the tiny island country.
The Oxfam report also pointed to an estimated $100 billion in taxes evaded in foreign countries, many of them rich in natural resources extracted by such global giants as Exxon, Chevron and Dow Chemical. According to the report, “Taxes paid, or unpaid, by multinational companies in poor countries can be the difference between life and death, poverty or opportunity. $100 billion is four times what the 47 least developed countries in the world spend on education for their 932 million citizens. $100 billion is equivalent to what it would cost to provide basic life-saving health services or safe water and sanitation to more than 2.2 billion people.”
The report cited former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan's assessment that “Africa loses more money each year to tax dodging than it receives in international development assistance.”
Oxfam offered no solution to the growth of inequality and the systematic looting by big corporations that its report documents, except to urge governments around the world to close tax loopholes. The group also pleads with the corporate bosses themselves not to be quite so greedy. Neither capitalist governments nor the CEOs will pay the slightest attention. But the working class should take note of these figures, which provide ample evidence of the bankrupt and reactionary nature of capitalism, and the urgent necessity of building a mass movement, on a global scale, to put an end to the profit system.
The author also recommends:
Imperialism, political corruption and the real face of capitalism
[6 April 2016]
“Panama papers” tax evasion leak stokes political crises worldwide
[5 April 2016]
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Beckett Roerdink of Greenville turns 4 on Sept. 17. (Photo: Submitted)
Beckett Roerdink has a wish for his fourth birthday: He wants to get mail. Lots of it.
His mother, Melanie, also has a wish for his birthday — that her son, who was diagnosed with an incurable cancer last year, is here to celebrate his fifth birthday.
"He loves mail, so any time he gets mail he gets super excited," Roerdink of Greenville said. "It would just be so awesome if he would just get a bunch of cards for his birthday."
His birthday is Wednesday, so please get your card in the mail now! Send mail to Beckett Roerdink, W6871 Sunnyvale Lane Apartment E, Greenville, WI 54942.
To follow Beckett Roerdink's progress: Visit his Caring Bridge page
To make a donation: Visit youcaring.com and type his name in the search fundraiser function
Little Beckett's family, which also includes dad Kevin, sister Madison, 10, and brother Ethan, 6, are making his birthday Wednesday a cause for celebration. And with good reason. There wasn't much to celebrate last year.
After suffering from a prolonged illness, Beckett underwent testing in April 2013. An MRI revealed something the family hadn't been expecting. Beckett had a large brain tumor. The tumor also had a name: ependymoma.
An ependymoma is the third most common type of brain tumor in children, according to the Childhood Brain Tumor Foundation, but they are still relatively rare, with about 200 cases diagnosed in the United States each year.
"Everything changed," Roerdink said.
Days after the diagnosis, the tumor was removed through two surgeries, which had devastating side effects of their own. With the exception of his left hand, Beckett was completely paralyzed and had to face yet another battle — radiation.
Opting for proton radiation with the hope of having a better outcome, the Roerdinks spent two months in Texas for the treatment because of its lack of availability in Wisconsin.
And ever since Beckett has been in therapy — speech, occupational and physical — two to three times a week learning how to walk, talk and do everything preschoolers do.
"Even though he doesn't have the tumor, he has deficits from having the surgery and radiation," Roerdink said.
Beckett wears an eye patch a few hours a day because his cranial nerves have been damaged from the surgery. He recently received inserts for his shoes because his balance hasn't stabilized. He has eye appointments every three months and is returning to Texas later this month to see his oncologist there.
And there is the uncertainty of tomorrow.
Beckett heads to Children's Hospital of Wisconsin in Milwaukee every three months for an MRI to check for any tumors or damage to the healthy tissue from radiation. This kind of tumor tends to come back and gets harder to treat, Roerdink said.
"It's a horrible cancer," she said.
There is always that worry, that "scan-xiety," as Roerdink calls it, and living with knowing that the long-term survival rate is five years.
He is due for another MRI Sept. 24.
All of it has taken a toll — emotionally and financially.
Roerdink now works part time so she can take Beckett to all of his medical appointments and therapy sessions. Kevin works full time and overtime. They work opposite schedules so their little guy is always home with a parent. His weakened immunity doesn't allow for anything else. And the family of five is living in a two-bedroom apartment they moved into just after selling their home before this whole cancer nightmare began.
Not that they are complaining.
"We look at everything differently," Roerdink said. "We pretty much live one day at a time and feel beyond blessed. We see things in a whole different light.
"Beckett is the sweetest, most patient boy. You can't love him. Everyone loves him. He's real easygoing but maybe because he's had no other choice."
With September being Childhood Cancer Awareness Month and Beckett's birthday, Roerdink also hopes that their story makes others more aware of the major medical conditions and cancers children face.
"I only have one true wish and that's they find a cure," she said. "And I hope he has many more birthdays."
It's all the more reason that on Wednesday, when Beckett turns 4, his family wants to mark the happy occasion with a celebration at home and hopefully some cards from the community as well.
"Milestones are huge because we didn't even think that we would get through surgery," Roerdink said.
"We have to do something to celebrate because it's a big deal."
So when Beckett blows out the candles on his cake — either "Monsters University" or Mickey Mouse, he hasn't decided which yet — there will be wishes, smiles, likely even a few tears.
And the gift of Beckett.
— Julie Gilkay: 920-993-1000, ext. 319, or jgilkay@postcrescent.com; on Twitter @JulieGilkay
Send a card
Help Beckett Roerdink celebrate his fourth birthday on Wednesday and make his wish come true by sending a card. Mail it to Beckett Roerdink, W6871 Sunnyvale Lane Apartment E, Greenville, WI 54942.
Beckett's story
To follow Beckett Roerdink's progress, visit his Caring Bridge page at www.caringbridge.org/visit/beckettroerdink. To make a donation, visit youcaring.com and type his name in the search fundraiser function.
Read or Share this story: http://post.cr/1tHC55n
Was James Dean “Little Bastard??? Porsche Spyder Cursed?
Halloween is high time stories of hauntings. But it's not just creepy old houses and psych wards that are thought to be inhabited by those lingering behind. Vehicles also can be haunted – and not just in the movies, believers say.
Among the real-life rides thought to be haunted or cursed was the sleek, silver 1955 Porsche 550 Spyder that drove iconic actor James Dean to his untimely death. The car was customized by George Barris (famed designer of the Batmobile and the Munster Koach) and by master pinstriper and customizer Dean Jeffries who had a shop next to Barris'. It was Jeffries who added the car's 130 racing number on the hood, doors and engine cover, and the now infamous “Little Bastard” badge.
Dean hit Hollywood in 1951, landing a series of bit TV roles before shooting to stardom with his first film role in 1955′s East of Eden. Altogether, he would star on just two more films, Rebel Without a Cause and Giant. A fast car enthusiast, Dean had also been working to build a racing career and, accompanied by his mechanic Rolf Wütherich, was on his way to a race in Salinas, CA in the early evening of September 30, 1955 when tragedy struck.
At approximately 5:45 pm, just a few hours after getting ticketed for going 65 mph in a 55-mph zone, Dean and Wütherich were speeding along Route 466 in Cholame, CA, having bypassed nearby Bakersfield and its lower speed limits. Also on the road was Donald Turnipseed, a 23-year-old college student driving a 1950 Ford Tudor coupe. When Turnipseed's car crossed over the center line, Dean apparently attempted to side-step to avoid a crash. There simply was not enough time or space and instead, the two collided almost head-on. The sheer velocity of the impact sent the much heavier Tudor broad sliding nearly 40 feet westbound down Route 466, and the Spyder flipping into the air, landing back on its wheels in a gully. Wütherich was thrown from the Spyder but survived. Dean remained pinned in the mangled car with a broken neck, dying during transport to the hospital.
In the nine days that Dean owned Little Bastard, it's reported that others warned him of uneasy feelings they had about the car. Among them were actor Nick Adams; actress and singer Eartha Kitt; Dean's uncle Charlie Nolan; and actress and sometime girlfriend Ursula Andres, who was with Dean when he bought the car. If these warnings were the only eerie factor, the story would be unnerving enough. But Dean's death wasn't the last of the strange occurrences surrounding the car.
After the crash, Barris purchased the wreckage of the car and on multiple occasions loaned it to the California Highway Patrol to use in displays designed to discourage speeding. Later, he sold off the engine and chassis to Troy McHenry and William Eschrid, two physicians who also were racing enthusiasts; and the two surviving tires to a young New Yorker. Though lots of rumors surrounding the wreckage have been spread, the following are said to be verifiable accounts:
On October 21, 1956, the two doctors raced their cars with Little Bastard engine and chassis. McHenry's Porsche Spyder spun out of control and hit a tree killing him instantly. Eschrid was seriously injured when his car rolled going around a curve in the race.
Both tires that went to the young New Yorker reportedly blew simultaneously, sending the car hurtling into a ditch.
A souvenir seeker ripped his arm open on jagged metal while attempting to steal the steering wheel from the stored wreckage.
While housing the car, a Fresno, CA garage caught fire, destroying everything except the Spyder's remains.
Two separate fatal accidents involving trucks transporting the Spyder occurred and in 1958, a third transport truck was parked on a hill and smashed the windshield of the car behind it when the brakes gave out.
In 1959, while on display in New Orleans the car simply fell to pieces.
After the New Orleans showing, Barris reportedly ordered the wreckage shipped back to California, but the car never arrived. Save for the restored passenger side door that Barris kept, the whereabouts of the rest of Little Bastard have been a mystery ever since. Some say Dean's relatives hold the remaining mechanical parts. And of course, a piece purported to be part of the car occasionally pops up for sale on eBay. In any case, there remains a $1 million reward offer from the Volo Auto Museum in Illinois for the return of the car, so long as it's verified by Barris.
What do you think? Is the Little Bastard haunted? Might it be hidden away by an ultimate souvenir hoarder or destroyed by a ghost hunter in a scene reminiscent of a Supernatural episode? Or are all the stories simply part of a decades-long hoax designed to keep Dean's estate raking in cash? Post your thoughts on the E3 Spark Plugs Fan Page.
Sen. Jeff Flake Jeffrey (Jeff) Lane FlakeBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Poll: 33% of Kentucky voters approve of McConnell Trump suggests Heller lost reelection bid because he was 'hostile' during 2016 presidential campaign MORE (R-Ariz.) encouraged one of his Democratic challengers Tuesday night following reports that she had faced a stream of hateful comments for being Muslim.
"Hang in there [Deedra Abboud]. Sorry you have to put up with this. Lots of wonderful people across AZ. You'll find them," Flake tweeted.
Hang in there @deedra2018. Sorry you have to put up with this. Lots of wonderful people across AZ. You'll find them. https://t.co/uVfLaAfVV2 — Jeff Flake (@JeffFlake) July 19, 2017
Abboud, who is running in the Democratic primary for Flake's seat in 2018, has faced a barrage of hateful comments about being Muslim.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Get out stinking Muslim," one user wrote on a Facebook post by Abboud.
“BAN ISLAM IN THE USA…WE HATE YOUR FILTHY DEATH CULT," another user wrote.
A spokeswoman for Abboud told Arizona Central that police have escorted her to events in response to the hate mail and comments.
Abboud, a Phoenix attorney, is running against at least two other candidates in the Democratic primary.
Arizona is a red state, and the last Democrat to win a U.S. Senate seat in the state was Dennis DeConcini in 1988.
Cape Town – Luwinile Zembe remembers, like it was yesterday, how he was almost beaten to death and left naked in the road on November 28, 2015.
Zembe, a security guard, is a resident of Imizamo Yethu, the informal settlement on the slopes of Hout Bay.
Last year, he joined Imizamo Yethu's community patrol, because he wanted the settlement to become a safer place, where he could raise children.
"All men in the community were asked to join, and because I am a man I joined. At the time it was a good thing. We were escorted by police every night and there was no more crime," Zembe told GroundUp.
Luwinile Zembe was left badly injured after being beaten by, he says, members of the Imizamo Yethu community patrol. (Image supplied via GroundUp) Luwinile Zembe was left badly injured after being beaten by, he says, members of the Imizamo Yethu community patrol. (Image supplied via GroundUp)
More than 100 men took part in the patrols. The problem started, Zembe says, when some of the patrols chased police away and said they did not want to be escorted any more.
"After the police left, the way of doing things changed. One night, I had worked night shift and when I came back I heard rumours that they had killed two people. I went the next day and I saw that it was now a vigilante organisation. Innocent people were being beaten up."
He stopped doing the patrols when patrollers attacked a woman driving with three children one night.
"The woman did nothing. She was just driving. They blocked her car so she could not pass and started hitting the car, throwing stones, until she managed to escape," says Zembe.
The patrollers implemented a 10pm curfew in Imizamo Yethu and target people who are out drinking.
'I thought I was dying'
Zembe says he does not drink. One night, he was home with his friends. Because he has gym equipment in his house, people like to come spend time with him. One person left and shouted from outside the house that the patrollers were coming.
"The people that I was with ran and I was left alone. As I was putting the weights back into the house, I went outside again and the patrollers were standing outside my house," he says.
They asked him what he was doing outside his house at night.
"I told them I am at my house and that I was with friends. I lied to them about why I do not patrol anymore, because I was scared there was one of me and too many of them. When I told them I was tired and had planned to sleep, they said I was being disrespectful."
They started beating him with a whip and sticks.
"I fought for my life, begging them to stop. I was alone. They dragged me to the road and undressed me. They continued to beat me up and I just lay there with no movement. I couldn't move anymore. I thought I was dying," he says.
He heard the patrollers planning to move him to another place, where it was rumoured they killed two other people. One of the patrollers said he must be left there because he looked dead already. When they left, he crawled behind communal toilets next to the road.
"My neighbours only came out when they left because they were also scared. The worst part is that people had to see me naked. That was embarrassing to me," says Zembe.
On December 1, five days after the ordeal, Zembe went to Imizamo Yethu police and laid a complaint. He went again the next day to see if there had been any progress in the case.
Patrollers still operating
He was told to meet a captain, who told him they do not know who the patrollers are, and he should go [with] a police officer to point them out. Zembe tried to find the ones he knew, but could not.
"In the end I was happy we did not get anyone because that would have put me in more danger. Because they [the police] are lying – they know these people. They support them with radios and torches," says Zembe.
He followed up with police again on December 3. He was told no arrests could be made without him accompanying a police officer to point out suspects. That day the patrollers came to his house and told him to drop the case. They threatened to harm him should he not do so.
He withdrew the complaint the next day, fearing for his life and that of his family.
Nearly a year later, the patrollers are still operating in the community.
GroundUp contacted members of the Solezwe patrols. They kept passing the phone from one member to another, refused to mention their names or answer questions. One individual identified himself as the organisation's secretary. Asked about the allegations, he said: "I am not going to say it's true or false."
Police spokesperson Constable Noloyiso Rwexana told GroundUp that Zembe's complaint was received and investigated.
"If a complainant was threatened he/she can open a docket of intimidation. If the case was withdrawn by the complainant there will be no further investigation."
Rwexana said every reported case involving the patrollers had been investigated. Meetings were held with patrollers, the community policing forum, and Imizamo Yethu's "sub-forum", to inform patrollers of their responsibilities.
