Most scholars accept that William Shakespeare was born in Stratford-upon-Avon, and spent time acting in London before returning to Stratford, where he lived until his death in 1616. But actual documentation of his life is pitifully scarce: little more than several signatures, records of his marriage to Anne Hathaway and the birth of their children, a three-page will and some business papers unrelated to writing. Above all, nothing has been found documenting the composition of the 37 plays and 154 sonnets attributed to him, collectively considered the greatest body of work in the history of the English language. In the absence of such “proof” of authorship, some skeptics have posed the question: How could a man of such humble origins and education come by such wealth of insight, wide-ranging understanding of complex legal and political matters and intimate knowledge of life in the English court?
Since the 19th century, a roster of famous people–Henry James, Sigmund Freud, Mark Twain, Helen Keller, Charlie Chaplin and many others—have voiced their doubts about the man from Stratford. Thousands of books and articles have been devoted to the subject, many of which propose their own candidates for the true author of the Shakespeare canon. Essayist Francis Bacon and playwright Christopher Marlowe may have their supporters, but for the last 90 years the favored candidate has been Edward de Vere, the 17th Earl of Oxford. First proposed in 1920 by J.T. Looney in his book “‘Shakespeare' Identified,” Oxford was highly educated, trained as a lawyer and was known to have traveled to many of the exact places featured in Shakespeare's plays. Oxfordians—as those who believe in de Vere's authorship of the Bard's works are known—argue that he concealed his identity because his works were so politically provocative, and he wished to be avoided being outed as a lowly playwright.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
But until hard evidence surfaces linking his plays to someone else, the man with the strongest claim to the plays of William Shakespeare appears to be…William Shakespeare. For one thing, Oxford died in 1604, and some of Shakespeare's greatest plays (including “King Lear,” “The Tempest” and “Macbeth”) were published after that date. Shakespeare's supporters—known as Stratfordians—emphasize the fact that the body of evidence that does exist points to Shakespeare, and no one else, as the author of his works. This includes the printed copies of his plays and sonnets with his name on them, theater company records and comments by contemporaries like Ben Jonson and John Webster. Doubts about Shakespeare's authorship and attempts to identify a more educated, worldly and high-born candidate, Stratfordians contend, reveal not only misguided snobbery but a striking disregard for one of the most outstanding qualities of the Bard's extraordinary work—his imagination.
Donald Trump went from clown to contender in a mere 30 days. He is now polling in at 30% among Republicans, a 12-point spread from Ben Carson who is #2. Trump still loses next to Hillary by 2 points, but her nomination is not secure.
A race of Sanders vs. Trump would be quite the sight, straight out of the 1930s. It's the Reds vs. the Browns all over again. My own sense is that the Browns could win this. Then we have a serious problem. As much as we loathe the establishment, it could be worse.
It's time libertarians get serious about realizing that there exists such a thing as Brown-shirted socialism. It masquerades as patriotism. It seeks national greatness. It celebrates the majority race and dehumanizes the other. It is violently protectionist. On cultural matters, it is anti-leftist (“politically incorrect”). It is unapologetically authoritarian.
Even given all this, we are mostly mystified by it. It doesn't strike us as a coherent ideology. It seems like a string of bad policy ideas (and some not terrible ones too) rather than a real political tradition. This is because we, as libertarians, are well-schooled to fear the socialist left but have little preparation to understand the threat from the other side.
Events of the last weeks should heighten our consciousness. There really is a brown-shirt movement in the U.S. It's been building for many years. They have their organizations, books, websites, and splits within splits. The neo-Nazis are the most extreme variant. But fascism has many other types of expression, each reflecting a special interest, but each of them leading to a special kind of authoritarianism.
That the neo-Nazis support Trump is an established fact. Notorious racist, anti-semite, and unapologetic former KKK grand dragon David Duke has endorsed Donald Trump for president. So has the mega-popular website Stormfront.org, with its overtly neo-Nazi editorial outlook.
The American Nazi Party (yes, there is such a thing, as founded by George Lincoln Rockwell) is also all-in with support: “He tells it as the majority of the population FEELS, and he's far ahead in the polls because of it.”
When Trump was asked about all of this, his response was that he didn't know about it, but that this is not surprising since “everyone likes me.” He said he would be happy to repudiate their support “if that would make you feel better.”
Is this just the leftwing media looking for any excuse to smear a great American? Many of his supporters think so. And this is because the American left has been traditionally reckless about flinging the labels racist and anti-semite (and so on) against anyone with whom they disagree. However, let's remember that just because the boy cries wolf constantly doesn't mean that wolves do not exist.
Some people say that this supposed neo-Nazi/racist/nativist group is tiny and irrelevant? That's what I used to think.
Until recently. I was a critic of Trump early on, for his trade and immigration views. I wrote an article that ended up in Newsweek.
Then I became a target. My social feed blew up with scum of the earth suddenly taking me on as their enemy. I was the target of the most vicious hate campaign I've ever experienced. I wish this on no one.
In the course of two weeks, blocking accounts of neo-Nazis and their affiliated friends became a part-time job. I now know more than I ever wanted to know about a movement that is actually large and growing right in the United States. You can call it extreme right if you want to, but its views on politics are not that different in substance from the extreme left. They have different styles but they are both authoritarian to the core, lustful for power to achieve their own aims.
As regards the right-wing authoritarians, Trump is their savior.
Here is a typical example. A Twitter account (“Seth Rubenstienberg”) features a Nazi-era caricature of a Jew. It posts incendiary posts such as this one: “if whites ever manage to get another ethno-state in the future, women's bodies should be regulated. None of this my choice bullshit.”
The account has only 216 followers. That does not sound like much. But I've banned at least 50 such accounts. Multiply that account by 1,000 times and you have something serious going on. And when all these people are tweeting at you at once, it can be overwhelming.
It's been true with Facebook too. The neo-Nazis came crawling out of their holes in the ground to denounce me as an enemy of the race, a self-hating white, a “cuckservative” (their favorite term for their enemies), and so on.
They're having been posting on my wall incessantly. Many of their accounts celebrate other movements with only one degree of separation from the real deal. Instead of announcing themselves as neo-Nazis, they choose other causes: white nationalism, protectionism, anti-immigration, men's rights, the hope for theocracy, and so on.
But for me, it's become so inevitable as to become boring. I've learned to smell these people a mile away. You dig a bit and you land right where we started: straight-out hate rooted in Nazi ideology.
I've banned one FB account every few hours for weeks now — truly offensive material.
On the one hand, it is a credit to American democracy that we have such free speech, and I would oppose any government shutdowns of such accounts and sites. The worst mistake anyone could ever make in opposition to brown-shirted politics is to shut them down by force. That only reinforces their deluded perceptions that they have hit on a fundamental truth, and are being persecuted for it.
But free speech reigns on social media, and it's given me an education about the existence — and the danger — of this movement that I once supposed was an invention of the “liberal media.”
Here is the question I keep asking myself. I've been on social media for a long time. Why is this just now happening? The answer is Trump. His free-wheeling style and open attacks on immigrants and foreigners, and hard-core promotion of trade isolationism, has emboldened them as never before.
As for how important they are, consider that the most popular neo-Nazi website, The Daily Stormer, has a higher traffic ranking than the Cato Institute or Heritage Foundation. These people are not irrelevant. They are real and growing.
Why should I care? I'm a devoted follower of the economist Ludwig von Mises (1881-1973), a genius and a Jew. He was driven out of his home in Austria because of the rise of Hitler. And why did Hitler rise? Because a population was fed up with the corrupt political system and a failing economic structure — a situation not unlike our own.
Mises was a dedicated opponent of the socialist left. His first major book on political theory (1922) took them on. But, little more than a decade later, it was not the red shirts that ruined his life. It was the brownshirts who are socialists of a type but use race hatred, misogyny, nativism, and the hope for religious and political domination as a means of control. They drove him from his home and stole his money and books. He barely escaped death.
Are we seeing the rise of a fascist movement in the U.S., and has Trump unleashed them? Is this our Road to Serfdom? Judging from Trump's rise, and what I've experienced in the last week, there is no basis for pretending otherwise.
Across the United States, there are 556 federally recognized American Indian and Alaska Native nations. Each one has it's own unique history and culture. American education has not bothered to tell us that Native people lived in peace and effectively governed themselves before the Europeans came along. American education has not informed us that Native Americans have been slighted ever since, not even being recognized as citizens (despite the fact that they were here first) until the 20th century.
But we don't have to push these facts aside. We can stop celebrating a man that began a genocide and a terrible theft of land and culture, and start celebrating Indigenous Peoples for their rich history and their equal contributions to society.
To all Indigenous Peoples out there: we're glad you're here!
We will stand with you in your continued battle to be recognized as legitimate human beings instead of the stereotypes perpetuated by Columbus and those that came after him.
Greetings Everyone! Over the past many months, a ton of work has gone into OpenShot 2.0, so this update is going to be jam packed full of exciting news and updates! I'll be discussing what features are now completed, what challenges have come up and been conquered, what challenges remain, and what's next for OpenShot!
This remainder of this update contains many technical details about OpenShot 2.0, so for those of you who just want to hear the big picture, here it is: Lots of progress is being made, with many difficult technical challenges now overcome, and I am 100% committed to bringing OpenShot successfully to Windows, Mac, and Linux as quickly as possible!
Performance Improvements - Image Manipulation
As everything started to really come together, and I was able to start testing more complex functionality from the UI, a really big, show-stopping type of issue was discovered. ImageMagick++, which is a C++ library for manipulating images, and deeply integrated with libopenshot, hit me with the following:
OpenMP Deadlocks - libopenshot uses OpenMP to accelerate certain parts of the video editing pipeline, and this approach was colliding with certain internal ImageMagick functions, which also uses OpenMP. The result was a really ugly deadlock, freezing the execution of the program. There were a couple workarounds I came up with, but they were just as ugly.
Performance Issues - Certain image manipulation routines, such as rotation (a type of distortion), took a crazy amount of processing time (0.5 to 1.5 seconds per frame). I consider both of these issues show-stopping!
Not having many options left (and not having any more time left to mess with it), I decided to move to Qt5's QImage, and reprogram all image manipulation code in libopenshot. This took many, many weeks of work, but resulted in some fantastic things: Super fast processing of images, fast rotation, fast distortion, fast pixel manipulation, and great multi-thread support!
Video Export Dialog
An important feature of a video editor is being able to export your new creation. This dialog is now completed, and works much like the one in OpenShot 1.X. It is easy-to-use, very flexible, and supports over 100 video formats & codecs. There are many additional features I would like to add to this screen, but for now, it is complete and functional, and supports just about every combination of (resolution, frame rate, sample rate, bit rates, formats, video codecs, audio codecs, etc…)
Keyframes and Properties
Another critical UI element that is now complete and functional is the new property editor. Simply select an element on the screen (clip, transitions, effect), and the properties appear. Any property can be easily changed, and as you change properties (depending on where the playhead is), keyframes are automatically added, and indicated on the property window with colors. As you drag the playhead around, the values in the property window change, so you can see how your values are changing with time. Green background color indicates you are currently on that keyframe. Blue background color indicates the value is interpolated from a keyframe. Gray background color indicates the value is not keyframed and is not changing over time.
Effects Integrated into UI
Many effects have now been integrated into OpenShot 2.0's UI, and can be dragged onto clips (or tracks) and edited in the property window. This is a work-in-progress, as I have many more effects that will be added soon, but a few key effects have already been integrated, such as contrast, saturation, and chroma key. The coolest part is these effects can be easily keyframed as well, changing color saturation, contrast, and chroma key values over time. It's pretty awesome and works great!
Real-time Previews
Due to the numerous performance improvements with libopenshot, real-time previews are finally working well, and are able to keep up with many concurrent layers of HD video and many effects in real-time (on a decent computer). This has been one of the more difficult and rewarding parts of building OpenShot 2.0. =) I never set out to build a video player, but now that I have one, it's going to be a lot of fun playing around with it. At some point in the distant future, I might even release the OpenShot Player as a stand-alone application, and compete with VLC. Maybe someday… =)
New Source Code Releases
Over the past few months, libopenshot, libopenshot-audio, and openshot-qt (the UI) have all seen new source code releases to the open-source community. While these are development releases (snapshots), and are not terribly easy for users to test, I have been trying to keep a rhythm to the releases, and release whenever things have reached a certain stability.
Windows 10 Cometh
Windows 10 has been released (as you probably know), and it's a pretty big deal. I have moved my Windows development environment to Windows 10, and of course found many new issues, with regards to libopenshot and libopenshot-audio. One of the largest issues was related to audio processing, and new compile errors with JUCE (the audio sub-system used by libopenshot-audio) related to MinGW64 and WASAPI (fun, fun, I know…). Luckily, these have all been successfully fixed, and patches sent upstream to JUCE.
Mac OS X Yosemite
I also finally migrated my Mac development environment to Yosemite, and worked through a few more issues, related to the GNU compiler and some OS-include compatibility issues. These have also now been resolved!
Breakages in APIs (libAV, FFmpeg, JUCE)
As you probably know, time breaks all things, including APIs. So, it's pretty regular for everything to break all of a sudden, due to a change upstream trickling down to libopenshot. Why such mature API's are changed so often (and resulting in breakages) I have no idea. =) But it's life, and I continue to fix them as I find them. This often derails things for an unspecified amount of time, as I search and debug to find a solution.
New Tools (JetBrains)
Over the past few months, I've migrated my development environment to some new tools, CLion and PyCharm. These tools have been quite awesome so far, and have provided me better debuggers, better code organization and formatting, and integrated source control features. They have certainly increased the speed at which I can debug certain types of issues, and I'm very happy with them so far!
Challenges Remaining
There are still a few remaining challenges for OpenShot 2.0, but they are pretty minor in comparison to what's already been accomplished.
Audio issues when resampling across multiple threads. This is a tricky one to solve, but it's very solvable. However, resampling an audio wave out-of-order is tricky.
Windows 10 Crash with WebM (might also crash on other platforms). This is another tricky one, that I've already invested many days into debugging. There are a lot of moving parts, and I hate to blame this one on Windows… but WebM encoding crashes on Windows only, and needs a little more work to figure out.
What's Next
So, let's discuss what tasks are remaining for OpenShot 2.0 to be stable enough to start wide-scale testing among backers and supporters. There are many small loose ends to tie up related to the UI. For example:
The previously mentioned “Challenges Remaining” need to be resolved
Many context menus still need to be created
A few more effects still need to be added
Many small usability tweaks need to be made
Credits need to be added to the About screen
Windows Installer needs some additional work (Linux and Mac Installers / Packages are in pretty good shape)
Once those tasks are wrapped up, I will be ready to start some very limited alpha testing. Limited so that I can work closely with each person, and help resolve problems without being completely overrun with emails and bug reports. =) Once everything is working pretty smoothly, I'll start expanding the tests to include more backers and supporters, and finally make an official release for all users to try out.
Commitment
I knew there would be challenges in bringing OpenShot to Windows and Mac, but I certainly didn't expect some of the problems I've encountered so far. There aren't that many cross platform video editors, and I know why now. =) But I am super proud of what's been accomplished so far, and I want everyone to know that I'm still 100% committed to bringing OpenShot 2.0 to Windows, Mac, and Linux as quickly as possible. Once the Kickstarter objectives have all been checked off, this isn't the end, but the beginning of something really special that I hope lives on for decades!
A powerful, flexible, and free video editor, for the world to use and extend, available on any platform, and capable of any video editing need (from students to professionals). That is the dream, and I'm working hard to make that come true! Thanks again for your support, and stay tuned!
Sleeping Dogs is violent. Incredibly violent, in fact. At the push of a button it is possible to run up to anyone within the game, smash their legs in half and then walk off while everyone around them winces. Set among the dangerous triad gangs of Hong Kong, Sleeping Dogs is a Grand Theft Auto-style open world game which thrives on the seedy and tempts you at every turn with something mischievous.
The world of video games usually employs a fair amount of artistic licence to provide the player with fun. In the case of Sleeping Dogs however, things are more real than you might think. Speaking to Chris Thrall, an expert on all things Hong Kong and ex-doorman to the 14k, a notorious triad gang, Pocket-lint learnt how realistic Sleeping Dogs is - as well as how scary the real life Hong Kong can be.
“My first time in Hong Kong I was in an area called Sheung Wan," Thrall explains. "While I was in the street, a gun and grenade battle broke out between a triad group who had attacked a very upmarket jewellery shop.
“It had all gone a bit Pete Tong and this gang had ended up chucking grenades down a main street in Hong Kong.”
Things are sounding very Sleeping Dogs already and this is just Thrall's first experience of the city, well before he had moved there permanently and got involved with the triads himself.
Just like in the game, he experienced Hong Kong at its most raw and violent. Moving to the city to setup a business venture which quickly turned sour, Thrall, an ex-Marine, ended up working as a bouncer in a gang-run nightclub.
In the case of Sleeping Dogs, there's club Bam Bam, a place not unlike that in which Thrall ended up working. Home to some of the best fight scenes in the game, things again start sounding all too real when we ask him to outline an average day's work.
“My fellow doorman who stood next to me, he was a streetfighter, he would just go mental in a scrap,” Thrall says.
“The third doorman, he was a 6 ft 7in assassin. He used to get smuggled across the border to the mainland quite regularly to do a hit on some other triad gang."
“We had a guy come to our club one night, a very small chap wearing a scruffy suit, he must have been about 50,” Thrall continues. “Our 6 ft 7in mate is literally running towards the door with this man in a scruffy suit strapped over his shoulder."
“You could see that whatever this old boy had done, he had made them lose face because of it.”
Face - or respect - is wound meticulously into the criminal underworld of Hong Kong, Thrall tells us, and often leads to extreme bouts of violence just like that he has previously mentioned. In Sleeping Dogs, it can be won by helping out other characters and results in you gaining access to more impressive outfits and vehicles. Just as in real life, this "face" is gained all too often by resorting to violence.
For Thrall in the Hong Kong nightclub, things were even more brutal. There was no new outfit to wear here, a more thorough beating for the scruffy suited man from the two triad bouncers.
So Sleeping Dogs gets the triads right, it gets the violence right, but what of the city itself?
“Hong Kong is a playground in itself.” says Thrall. “It is a very unique place with so many dimensions.”
This is carried over into the game which, while not being an exact clone of Hong Kong, is a pretty close representation, a city divided into different areas - from skyscraper districts to neon-lit night markets and temples.
“I used to love the night time in Hong Kong. Going down the back alleyway, most look like something from a Bruce Lee film with water dripping from antiquated air conditioners," says Thrall.
“There are rats the size of cats everywhere and then you turn a corner and suddenly you are next to a vast night market.”
Sounds like Sleeping Dogs nails it, then. We certainly think so, check out our review of the game here. For those interested in learning more about Chris Thrall's story, you can order his book Eating Smoke here.
Like the sound of Sleeping Dogs? Let us know in the comments below ...
Imam Tawhidi is a controversial figure, yet his message of reform and peace has resonated with many. (Pic: Twitter @Imamofpeace)
Imam Mohammed Tawhidi, the self-billed “Imam of Peace” and “terrorist for dropping truth bombs”, is a curious character. Youthful, yet presenting himself as a wise and experienced religious scholar, his public persona has drawn praise from across the political spectrum in the West, as well as criticism, including the outright ban of his Facebook account. In the short span of about a year, he has gone from having a small social media following to an online superstar, equally loved and despised, ridiculed and lauded as the new voice of moderate Islam.
For Westerners accustomed to seeing images of bearded imams and sheikhs on their television screens screaming about jihad or calling for “Death to America”, Tawhidi should come as a breath of fresh air. But the media buzz surrounding him is far from all positive; he has been accused of pandering to Islamophobes and the alt-right, and of furthering sectarianism within the Muslim community.
The moderate-right applaud his calls for major reform and radical re-interpretation of Islam, whilst the far-right claim he is a closet radical Islamist. Those on the left have been very quiet when it comes to Tawhidi, not wanting to openly criticise a Muslim scholar, yet uncomfortable about his calls for Trump-esque border controls. All of this has naturally contributed towards the confusion surrounding the phenomenon that is “Imam Tawhidi”.
Intrigued by his controversial Twitter feed and very public beef with Linda Sarsour, we reached out to Tawhidi over Skype.
“Hello, peace be upon you”, he immediately apologised for not appearing on camera, expressing worry that people were trying to find his location in hiding, he explained that he had to use a VPN throughout our chat.
--------
We began by probing the Imam on his views of the fiery, Brooklyn-born Muslim feminist, Linda Sarsour.
Despite both being practicing Muslims in the West with popular followings on (and off) the internet, Tawhidi has previously called Sarsour an “extremist” and a “terrorist” on Twitter (although the latter was perhaps sarcastic), and claims to disagree with her portrayal of Islam in the Western world.
It came as somewhat of a shock when Tawhidi responded by very calmly insisting that he really has no problem with her on a personal level and referred to her as a “respectful sister” and “entitled to her own opinion”. Perhaps in his strive to portray himself as a ultimate man of peace, respectful and tolerant of everyone, Tawhidi occasionally gets caught up in a self-inflicted web of contradictions.
Despite his incessant online trolling, Sarsour has yet to respond to Tawhidi—at least, publically—save for blocking him altogether on Twitter. As the conversation developed, it became quite clear that Tawhidi had very little genuine respect for Sarsour. He accused her of deceiving Westerners, and of having an agenda backed up by “the government” and large Islamic organisations. He did not go into further detail, but assured us that—given the similarity between them with regard to their roles as popular Muslim activists in the West—he knew it to all be true.
Sarsour is indeed a controversial figure, and Tawhidi is not alone in calling her out for her provocative and aggressive statements. Despite her activism for women's and minority rights (in the West, at least), on occasion she seems to regress massively, once tweeting the below about a victim of female genital mutilation:
Tawhidi, like Sarsour, enjoys a large social media following, and while he does believe that a portion of his followers also follow her, it seems like they are traveling on very different trajectories. With Sarsour often defending sharia law, and Tawhidi frequently tweeting about the evils of it, it seems unlikely that they will ever see eye to eye.
Aside from his feud with Sarsour, Tawhidi has also gained much attention for branding himself as a ‘Muslim reformer'. When asked to elaborate on what exactly he wishes to reform within Islam, he explains that his “vision” is to reach an understanding that the violent verses in the Qur'an purely exist in a specific historical context, and no longer apply to the world we live in today. This is nothing new; many Muslims believe that the Qur'an must be interpreted to factor in the major difference between life today, and life in the time of the prophet Mohammed. But Tawhidi goes a step further, wanting Muslims to condemn violence perpetrated by those who claim to follow Islam. As a reformer, he says, he must condemn both Shia and Sunni extremists, and that there is no such thing as denominations to him.
Having been accused of anti- Sunni sectarian views in the past, Tawhidi seemed eager to clear his record.
It is on the topic of condemnation that Tawhidi, as an Imam, offers an interesting viewpoint. He suggests that by refusing to link terrorism to Islam, left-wing Western media outlets are contributing to a lack of condemnation in the Islamic world. Just as liberal media is quick to claim that calling white terrorists “lone wolves” absolves radical right-wingers of responsibility, so to does Tawhidi believe that the same is the case for the Muslim community worldwide.
With Muslims and non-Muslims alike rushing to distance Islam from the likes of IS, many will be reluctant to agree with Tawhidi on this one. But there are those who have been quite open to listening to the Imam's message, and have elevated him to the status of “spokesperson” for moderate Islam. Tawhidi does not believe that most of his followers come from the right hand side of politics. Instead, he claims that his followers hail from both sides of the political spectrum, and include Muslims as well as non-Muslims. He is certain there is a difference between his followers, and the followers of Trump and conservative troll Milo Yiannopoulos, and even says that he and Linda Sarsour share some followers who might agree with both of them on specific points.
AVAILABLE IN BOTH PAPERBACK AND E-BOOK FORMAT ON AMAZON. INSIGHTFUL QUOTE PROVIDING AN ALTERNATIVE VIEWPOINT “Further, neurological research indicates that a particular part of the brain is connected to religious experiences. Perhaps atheists are the product of a genetic deficiency or disorder – and if so, one can only wonder what else is wrong with them. After all, most atheists seem to suffer from delusions of grandeur, convinced that they hold the keys to humanity's march toward utopia. They are also quite happy to embrace programs to “improve” humanity to suit their own purposes – hardly a coincidence, one would have to suggest, that the most repressive regimes of recent days have all been formulated along atheistic, humanist principles. One can only hope that the possible link between atheism and mental illness is examined honestly before countless others suffer needlessly.” Is Atheism a Sign of Mental Illness? Wallo's World, <http://www.walloworld.com/index.php?p=327> (28 September, 2008).
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Canada, January 24, 2013 (ENS) – Canadian environmental groups today warned that a new proposal by Kinder Morgan pipeline company would “exponentially” raise the risk of a major oil spill in the Salish Sea's most populous region, including the cities of Vancouver and Victoria.
The insurance available to cover response costs and damages of such a spill would fall short, leaving Canadian taxpayers to pay up to 90 percent of these costs, finds a report by the Georgia Strait Alliance, Living Oceans Society, West Coast Environmental Law and the Wilderness Committee.
The Salish Sea is the network of coastal waterways between the southwestern tip of the Canadian province of British Columbia, and the northwestern tip of the U.S. state of Washington, including the Strait of Georgia, the Strait of Juan de Fuca, and Puget Sound.
The groups' report follows a January 10 announcement by Kinder Morgan Canada that the company now proposes to enlarge capacity of the Trans Mountain pipeline to 890,000 barrels per day from a previously planned 750,000 bpd.
The current Trans Mountain Pipeline runs from Edmonton, Alberta to Burnaby, British Columbia. The company has announced plans to build a C$5.4 billion new pipeline in parallel to it. The new pipeline would bring total capacity to 890,000 barrels per day, mostly crude oil to be shipped to Asia via oil tankers from Burnaby, a suburb of Vancouver located on Burrard Inlet.
“Thirteen customers in the Canadian producing and oil marketing business have now signed binding, long-term contracts, which demonstrates the need for this proposed expansion that will serve both existing and new markets,” said Ian Anderson, president of Kinder Morgan Canada.
Some of the product planned for the new pipeline is heavy bitumen from the Alberta tar sands.
“Ever since they took control of the Transmountain Pipeline and Westridge Terminal in 2005 Kinder Morgan has worked to quietly increase tar sands oil exports through their pipeline and onto to tankers in Vancouver Harbour,” said Wilderness Committee campaigner Ben West last March.
Now, between 70-90 Aframax oil tankers a year travel through the Strait of Juan de Fuca, across the Strait of Georgia, into Vancouver harbor and up Burrard Inlet. Each oil tanker can carry up to 750,000 barrels of oil.
If Kinder Morgan's plan to build a new pipeline were to be approved, at least 300 oil tankers a year would be plying these waters. Larger Suezmax tankers are planned, which would require the dredging of Burrard Inlet.
“The proposed escalation from 80 tankers per year to 400 or more into Kinder Morgan's Westridge Terminal in Burnaby, combined with other plans to expand shipping on the south coast, equals a phenomenal increase in the risk of a serious oil spill,” said Brenda Belak, of West Coast Environmental Law.
“The risk of oil spills is one of the main reasons that the majority of British Columbians on the Kinder Morgan tanker and pipeline route oppose the project,” said Belak.
The groups' report reviews the insurance structure set up by the International Maritime Organization after the Exxon Valdez disaster, which limits the liability of oil shippers and sets up funds that can be drawn on in the event of a major oil spill. Canada is signatory to all of these agreements.
“Taken together, all four of the funds that respond to major oil spills would provide only $1.34 billion, or about one-tenth of the estimated cost of a major spill,” explained Karen Wristen of Living Oceans Society.
A study by the Washington State Department of Ecology, conducted in 2004, concluded that a major spill would cost 165,000 jobs and US$10.8 billion in economic impacts in Washington State alone. This does not include individual claims or environmental impacts.
A study released last month by the University of British Columbia looked at spills on the Enbridge Northern Gateway tanker route and estimated a major spill would cause C$9 billion in damage to the North Coast economy.
“The Salish Sea is already recognized as one of Canada's most at-risk bodies of water,” said Christianne Wilhelmson, with Georgia Strait Alliance. “When we consider how many aspects of our local economy are driven by a clean, productive and aesthetically attractive ocean, a major oil spill represents the potential for widespread and long-term damages.”
The Salish Sea is inhabited by killer whales, at least 200 species of fish, over 1,500 species of invertebrates, 100 species of marine birds, and about 500 species of marine plants.
British Columbia's Fraser River is the largest producer of salmon on the Pacific coast of North America.
The region is home to over seven million people who live around the shores of Puget Sound, Georgia Strait and the Strait of Juan de Fuca.
The memory of the Exxon Valdez oil spill that devastated Alaska's Prince William Sound in 1989 informs the groups' report.
“That accident, and an estimated 80 percent of all shipping accidents, occurred as a result of human error,” said Gwen Barlee of the Wilderness Committee, based in Vancouver. “You can't design that factor out of the system, and not acknowledging that in risks assessments is foolhardy.”
The U.S. Coast Guard has estimated that even if the Exxon Valdez been a double-hulled tanker such as the ones that are proposed to serve the Kinder Morgan terminal, it would still have ruptured. The spill might have been reduced by 25 to 40 percent, but it would still have wiped out the herring fishery and devastated the economy of Alaska's Cordova Bay, the groups point out.
Presently, Kinder Morgan is conducting outreach and consultation with landowners, First Nations, businesses, local governments, and other stakeholders. The company hopes to file a formal application to the National Energy Board in late 2013, have construction start in 2016, and be shipping oil by 2017.
Copyright Environment News Service (ENS) 2013. All rights reserved.
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
Prince Charles has led Britain's annual Remembrance Sunday ceremony for war dead, taking the role held for more than six decades by his mother, Queen Elizabeth II.
The 91-year-old queen watched the service at London's Cenotaph memorial from a balcony alongside her 96-year-old husband Prince Philip.
The monarch, who is reducing her public duties after 65 years on the throne, had asked her son to lay a wreath of poppies on her behalf.
Britain's political leaders and dignitaries from the Commonwealth also attended the ceremony in central London, laying wreaths on the Portland stone monument inscribed with the words "the glorious dead."
Thousands of military personnel, veterans and members of the public gathered on a cold, sunny day to honor those killed in World War I and subsequent conflicts.
The International Monetary Fund's First Deputy Managing Director David Lipton speaks before the press in Tokyo on May 31, 2013 (AFP Photo/Yoshikazu Tsuno)
Washington (AFP) - The International Monetary Fund's number two said he was "impressed" by war-torn Ukraine's plans for economic changes aimed staving off bankruptcy and a foreign debt defailt.
The IMF, which this year granted Kiev $17 billion (13.6 billion euros) in financial aid over two years as part of a broader $27 billion global rescue package, has expressed fears that the former Soviet country may need an additional $15 billion in immediate aid.
David Lipton, the IMF's first deputy managing director, travelled to Kiev on Saturday to meet with President Petro Poroshenko, Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk and members of their economic team.
"I was impressed by their vision for an economic transformation of Ukraine, and by their commitment to decisive, front-loaded implementation of their reform agenda," he said in a statement.
He said an IMF team was expected to wrap up technical discussions by the end of next week, while a mission to conduct policy discussions as part of the Fund-supported program is set to return to Kiev early next year.
But he gave no indication as to whether additional loans to Ukraine were being planned.
Poroshenko said in a statement posted on his website that he had assured Lipton of Ukraine's commitment to full cooperation with Fund's austerity demands.
He added that Lipton appeared impressed by a new cabinet appointed earlier this month that includes two Western investment bankers -- one from Lithuania and the other the United States -- serving as economy and finance ministers.
"We now have a very professional team that is focused on results," Poroshenko said in the statement.
Ukraine's foreign lenders, which besides the IMF include the European Union, World Bank and Japan, want deep cuts to welfare services and a hike in energy prices to help balance the books.
The architects of the aid package had hoped to use it as an incentive for Ukraine to wean itself off communist-era subsidies long abandoned by its smaller but now far better-off neighbours in eastern Europe.
The IMF also wanted to see loss-making state firms privatised and graft that has permeated both ministries and local governments comprehensively punished instead of having their wrongdoings swept under the rug.
But few of those steps have yet been taken.
The Wizards have had the least productive bench in the NBA thus far, and it certainly doesn't help that the starters have been hit with injuries throughout the course of the season. Thankfully for Randy Wittman and Co. , the Wizards are finally starting to get healthy and the bench has surprisingly picked up their production as of late.
Eric Maynor, who's probably been the worst backup guard in the league this season, has fallen out of Wittman's rotation and has ultimately been replaced by Garrett Temple. Although Temple hasn't been amazing statistically, he's been good enough to warrant benching Maynor, who the Wizards signed to a 2-year deal this offseason in hopes of having him take over A.J. Price's spot as the primary backup guard.
Now that Bradley Beal is back in the starting lineup, Martell Webster has been playing in the backcourt along side Temple off the bench. Washington's bench was atrocious offensively, so it definitely helps that Webster is back playing the reserve role. Webster scored 30 points off the bench on Monday and became the first Wizard to do so since Jordan Crawford a few seasons ago. He's probably the best 3-point shooter on the team and having a threat like that off the bench has given Wittman some options in terms of rotations. Although he's been coming off the bench, Wittman has ended games with Webster in the lineup and it's definitely worked as of late.
Not only are the Wizards getting some valuable production from their reserve guards, Trevor Booker and Kevin Seraphin have also stepped up. Booker has started the last few games since Nene's been out with a sore achilles, and he hasn't disappointed. Booker is averaging over 12 points and 10 rebounds in the past five games, and needless to say, we haven't seen him play this well since his rookie season. Nene came off the bench on Wednesday in his return, but I don't see that happening consistently. Booker will likely continue to get 20+ minutes per game, especially since Nene is still recovering from a variety of injuries. Having a solid rebounding big man coming off the bench is something the Wizards haven't had in a while, so it's definitely good to see Booker emerging.
Washington's other front court players, Jan Vesely and Kevin Seraphin, have also surprisingly played some solid basketball when given the opportunity. Much like Booker, Vesely succeeds in many small areas which often times go unnoticed. Vesely has done a tremendous job running the floor in transition, but he's also mixed it up with his rebounding and occasional defensive plays. Kevin Seraphin has gotten criticized for constantly making the same mistakes over and over again, but when he plays within himself, he's showed that he could be a solid scoring big off the bench. Seraphin has had two double-digit scoring games in the past 3 games and he's gotten to the free throw line more this past week than he has this entire season prior to that stretch.
If the Wizards could get Otto Porter comfortable, and I think they eventually will, their bench will continue to increase their production as time goes on. Kevin Seraphin, Trevor Booker, Jan Vesely, and even Garrett Temple have increased their play lately and it's resulted in a 2-game win streak for Washington. The Wizards have relied on their starters too heavily this season and it looks like their reserves are finally starting to pick it up.
CINCINNATI -- First-time MLB All-Star. Selected for the 2015 Home Run Derby. Ranked in the top five for power hitters 24 years old and under. Rookie. This is the Dodgers' center fielder, Joc Pederson, today. But five years ago, it was a completely different story. One that had Pederson going nowhere fast.
Pederson had a commitment to the University of Southern California, but the 19-year-old chose the draft instead. Picked by the Dodgers in the 11th round in the 2010 MLB Draft, Pederson had no power. His father, Stu Pederson, who played a handful of games with the Dodgers in 1985, didn't see Pederson as having real-game potential, even in high school.
"In high school I got overlooked a lot because I was a great BP hitter," Pederson said. "Even my dad, he says, 'You're a 5 o'clock hitter, you'll only hit in batting practice.' And I didn't make the team out of spring training."
De Jon Watson, then-Dodgers Director of Player Development, wanted Pederson to drive the ball more. Pederson thought his swing was fine. Johnny Washington, a young minor league coach just getting his start with his new job, tried to give Pederson advice on improving his swing to become more of a power hitter. The young hot head wanted none of it.
It was frustrating for Pederson. Even talking again about his struggles now, it shows on his face. The emotion it drew out of him, what he remembered about what he dealt with, and especially what he put himself through because of his own stubbornness.
"In baseball, you get out seven out of 10 times, you're doing really good, and you still get frustrated a lot," Pederson said. "So, when you're getting out nine out of 10 times, hitting .150, you're mad as -- you're really mad. And to know that I was causing that, because I thought 'this' was right, and it was wrong. So I was doing it right but I was doing it wrong, it just really frustrated me."
Pederson languished in extended spring training in 2011, and after he was finally assigned to the Low-A Great Lakes Loons, his situation didn't improve at all. He lasted just three weeks, when he had just eight hits in 60 plate appearances, no extra-base hits to speak of, and one RBI. So, the Dodgers reassigned him to Rookie ball with the Raptors in Ogden, Utah.
The demotion worked, but not simply because of the level. Washington was there. But Pederson and Washington got into it on the very first day. Pederson was adamant that his way was correct. Washington didn't bother fighting with Pederson. The youngster needed proof.
Washington took Pederson into the video room and broke everything down. Then he asked Pederson to find what worked for successful power hitters, and find the similarities in his own swing. He couldn't find many, if any.
"It was honestly a career-changing day," Pederson said. "It made me become so much more open and see what I was doing wrong and why I was only hitting in batting practice, and why I didn't translate it. I'm still learning a lot about hitting and stuff like that, but it was special."
Pederson took off. That season he hit .353/.429/.568 with 64 RBI, 20 doubles, and 11 home runs in 68 games. In 2012 he was promoted to Advanced-A where he hit .313/.396/.516 with 26 doubles and 18 homers. He stole 26 bases and walked 51 times.
Pederson earned Pioneer League and Rookie League All-Star honors in 2011, was named the Dodgers' Minor League Player of the Year in 2012, and played with the Israel national baseball team during the qualifying rounds of the 2013 World Baseball Classic. He continued to impress in 2013 and 2014, and when rosters expanded on Sept. 1, 2014 for the last month of regular-season baseball, Pederson was called up to the big leagues.
And that would be where Pederson would stay. He made the Opening Day roster as the starting center fielder, finishing that day 1-for-3 with a double, a walk, and a run scored. Getting there, though, wasn't easy. And it took a tough luck mentality from Washington to snap Pederson out of it, to change the course of his career. Without that, Pederson might not be in the majors, having just finished his first derby and All-Star game.
"I don't know, I really don't know," Pederson said, his hands running over his forehead. "I've never really been a home run hitter, I didn't hit them in high school. I didn't hit my first home run until I was a junior in high school. None in little league, so I didn't really hit for power or drive the ball, even for doubles."
Washington, though, didn't just see the possibility for a decent major league hitter sometime in the future. He saw the power hitter that the Dodgers now have in center field, and one that most teams would have to trade several pieces of their farm system and a pretty penny to get him.
Of those players ages 24 and under, Pederson's isolated power -- slugging percentage minus batting average -- is .257, fourth-highest in that category. Only Bryce Harper, Mike Trout, and Kris Bryant are higher.
During the Home Run Derby on Monday, Pederson beat out the Orioles' Manny Machado in the first round, before besting Angels veteran Albert Pujols in the semifinals to face the eventual champion, Todd Frazier of the Cincinnati Reds. Pederson's batting practice pitcher? Johnny Washington, who, Pederson said, always told Pederson he would take part in Home Run Derbies and become the prolific hitter he is today.
"(Washington is) still in shock," Pederson laughed. "He didn't think everything would happen as fast as it did. But I still hit with him every offseason. Just because I here doesn't mean I'm satisfied. I still have a ton of work to do. I need to grow as a hitter and as an overall player. It's a long process but I'm thankful for everything that he did back in the day, kind of made me into a hitter that I'm still evolving into."
Pederson may not be hitting for average this season, and he needs to work on striking out less -- he has struck out an NL-high 107 times in 89 games -- but that power is there. Had Washington given up, or if the Dodgers had simply released him when he didn't produce for power, Pederson's career might have been short-lived. Instead, he's now one of the best young hitters in the NL with unlimited potential for more.
★★★
SB Nation video archives: Bill Murray as the top boss (2012)
U.S. police killed at least 258 black people in 2016, according to a project by The Guardian that tracks police killings in America.
Thirty-nine of these people were unarmed. Four were killed by police stun guns and another nine died in custody, a continuing problem in American jails. But the majority of black people killed by police were fatally shot.
Based on a tracker from The Washington Post, at least 232 black folks were shot and killed. (The Guardian's figures include all deaths resulting directly from encounters with law enforcement, while the Post counts only people who were shot and killed by police.)
The Post found that 34 percent of the unarmed people killed in 2016 were black males, which is quite disproportionate since black men make up only 6 percent of the U.S. population. There was also a considerable uptick in deaths caught on camera via cellphone and police cameras.
Take the case of Keith Lamont Scott, who was shot and killed by an officer in Charlotte, North Carolina, in September. Scott was the 173rd black person to be fatally shot by police in 2016, based on The Washington Post tally.
Police were searching for another man when they came across Scott, who they claim was armed. Charlotte police Chief Kerr Putney said in a news conference on Tuesday that officers told Scott to drop his weapon, but that Scott got back into his car and came out again still holding the gun.
A woman who identified herself as Scott's daughter recorded the shooting's aftermath on Facebook Live. Scott, according to her and other witnesses, did not have a gun and was disabled. Scott's killing has touched off violent protests in Charlotte.
A day before Scott was killed, police in Tulsa, Oklahoma, released several videos depicting the death of Terence Crutcher. The 40-year-old was shot and killed by police on Friday after officers saw his stalled SUV in the middle of the road. Initially, the police department said Crutcher had not followed orders to put his hands up.
The released videos, however, show Crutcher walking toward his car with his hands in the air.
Warning: This video contains graphic content.
We've seen back-to-back deaths like this before. In July, Philando Castile was shot and killed in Falcon Heights, Minnesota. His fiancee, Diamond Reynolds, filmed a graphic video that showed Castile bleeding to death from gunshot wounds. The officer “shot him three times because we had a busted taillight,” Reynolds says in the clip.
The day before Castile was killed, Alton Sterling, a 37-year-old father of five, became the 135th black person killed by police in 2016.
Police in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, fatally shot Sterling following an encounter with Officers Blane Salamoni and Howie Lake. The two officers were responding to reports of a man carrying a gun, threatening others and selling CDs in front of a Triple S convenience store.
Two videos of the incident, apparently filmed by witnesses, were released to the media. One showed a detained Sterling lying on the ground as officers hovered over him before shooting him at close range. A second video offered a clearer perspective, showing that Sterling wasn't reaching for his pockets and didn't have anything in his hands.
The Advocate Alton Sterling was shot and killed by police in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, in July.
Since the 2014 death of 18-year-old Michael Brown at the hands of police in Ferguson, Missouri, the media has reported extensively that police arrest and kill black men at far higher rates than other groups. Six out of 10 black men say they have been treated unfairly by police because of their race, according to a 2015 study.
Based on The Guardian's data, black males between the ages of 15 and 34 are nine times more likely to be killed by police than any other demographic. This group also accounted for 15 percent of all 2015 deaths from law enforcement encounters, even though black males in this age range make up just 2 percent of the U.S. population.
In 2015, The Guardian estimates, at least 306 black people were killed by U.S. police. The Washington Post puts the number of black people who were shot dead in 2015 at 258.
Activists have called for diversifying America's predominantly white police force. But interactions between black officers and black civilians can be stained by violence as well. A 2007 study found that black residents of Washington, D.C., felt as though black cops treated them more harshly than white officers did. A 2006 study of Cincinnati police records discovered black officers were more likely than white officers to arrest black suspects.
“Race is a trigger for police brutality,” Jack Glaser, an associate professor at the Goldman School of Public Policy at the University of California, Berkeley, told The Huffington Post in 2015. The reasons for this may lie in the history of policing in America and the fact that modern-day policing, at least in the South, can trace its lineage to slave patrols.
But statistics and history aside, Keith Scott, Terence Crutcher, Alton Sterling and Philando Castile didn't deserve to die.
“Sterling was a black man who lived in an America that consistently devalues, disrespects and destroys black lives,” HuffPost Black Voices editor Lilly Workneh wrote in July. “Now is not the time to stay silent about these injustices. Black men and women have raised their voices to declare that black lives matter and to say the names of those who have died unjustly.”
“Alton Sterling, father of five,” Workneh added. “May he rest in peace.”
The same goes for all the others. May they rest peacefully.
This post has been updated to incorporate data on police killings through the end of 2016.
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this article said The Washington Post estimates that police killed 285 black people in 2015. That number is actually 258. The article also previously misstated Scott's middle name as “Lamar.”
Sign up for the HuffPost Must Reads newsletter. Each Sunday, we will bring you the best original reporting, longform writing and breaking news from The Huffington Post and around the web, plus behind-the-scenes looks at how it's all made. Click here to sign up!
RANCHO CUCAMONGA – Juan Castro is feeling something unusual as he articulates a thought.
The longtime big-league backup infielder, now a roving instructor across the Dodgers minor-league system, has been asked about the organization's top pitching prospect, a young Mexican left-hander named Julio Urias, and the natural comparisons between him and former Dodgers sensation Fernando Valenzuela.
Before answering, Castro pauses and exhales.
“I'm getting goosebumps,” he says. “You know he's a Dodger. You know he's a lefty. You know he's from Mexico. And I bet you a lot of the Mexican people are waiting for another Fernando.”
Valenzuela, a tender 19 when he debuted in the majors, and Urias, 18, are from towns four hours apart in northwest Mexico. Castro hails from a city halfway between, and he remembers being riveted by every one of Valenzuela's starts in the summer of 1980, when he was 16 and he and his dad would carry chairs to the house of the only neighbor who had cable.
“Fernandomania's not gonna happen ever again,” Castro said. “But people want to see somebody similar, and I think this kid can be someone special like that.”
Urias is already special, in a historical sense. Few 16-year-olds pitch in a full season of professional ball, but he did that for three months last year with the Low-A Great Lakes Loons.
He followed that up with another starring season at High-A Rancho Cucamonga this year. Urias posted a 2.36 ERA in 872/3 innings against hitters who were, on average, five years older, striking out 109 while issuing 37 walks. He hit more batters (7) than he allowed home runs (4). He became the youngest player to participate in the All-Star Futures Game and recorded a strikeout in a scoreless inning.
But Urias' season is done. Despite the possibility he is already good enough to retire major-league hitters in short stints, he will not be called up to the Dodgers this September, because doing so would accelerate his free-agency clock; because some evidence supports the idea his teenage arm can handle only so many innings at this stage; because promoting him now would be considered downright radical; and because the benefits of 10 or so good innings would be minimal compared to all that.
Teenagers don't often pitch in the majors. It's been nine years since anybody has before turning 20, and that was Felix Hernandez, another special case.
No 18-year-old has pitched in the majors since Jose Rijo with the Yankees some 30 years ago. It's conceivable to think Urias could make his major-league debut before he turns 19 next Aug. 12; it's almost inconceivable to think, at the rate he's been progressing, that he won't debut before he turns 20 in August 2016.
SO, WHY NOT NOW?
DeJon Watson laughs at the question, even when prefaced by all the aforementioned qualifiers.
The Dodgers' vice president of player development has heard it a lot this season: Would Urias be able to handle the majors at this age?
“All I can say is that this young man is developing at a rapid pace,” Watson said. “All the speculations that are out there, that goes with all the hype. You have to be able to keep him grounded.”
Matt Herges doesn't laugh. The former Dodgers reliever, who served as Urias' pitching coach in Rancho Cucamonga this season, intimates a desire to move him up has existed for a while.
“It's hard to not rush him along, but our No. 1 priority as caretakers of this kid, this special talent that we have, is to do right by him,” Herges said. “You never really know when you're gonna blow, if you're gonna blow. The Nationals handled Stephen Strasburg with kid gloves, did everything by the book, and it still didn't work. But we gotta be smart with Julio. But then again, we still want him to develop into who we think he can be.”
Forget what he can be — what is he now?
Urias is the son of a former Mexican League catcher the Dodgers signed after spotting him on the same scouting trip that netted them Yasiel Puig.
From an easy, repeatable delivery, Urias now throws a fastball, a changeup, a curveball and a slider. In describing them, some combine the latter two into one all-encompassing breaking ball. His fastball regularly sits at 93 or 94 mph, reaching 97 on rare occasions.
“It's not just that the quality of each pitch is that good,” Herges said. “It is, but what makes it most impressive he can command all three of them, and that's unheard of.”
Urias said last week he is 6-foot-2 and 215 pounds. That might be a stretch, but he's assuredly closer to that than his listed 5-11 and 160 pounds. Since he signed, his weakness from a scouting perspective has been that body; in no uncertain terms, many have wondered if he'll get fat as he ages.
It started to happen toward the end of 2013, but he showed up at spring training looking fit, if not trim.
“Last year he got really heavy,” Watson said. “That was one of the things we worked on over the winter.”
Because of Urias' precociousness, the Dodgers are essentially forced to treat him differently than other minor leaguers. Herges reminds his catchers to give Urias more leeway when shaking himoff.
“Have I seen something mechanically that I could even touch?” Herges asks. “No. A lot of these kids, I'll talk about an approach, like OK, why was this sequence of pitches not good enough? And it's like it's the first time they've ever thought of it. With Julio, it's like he's been brought up in a baseball bubble where anything you could talk about already makes sense to him.”
And he turned 18 three weeks ago.
“When I was 18, I was just trying to have someone sign me, to come to America and to play pro ball,” said Urias' teammate, roommate and often his translator, 24-year-old Venezuelan right-hander Luis Meza. “He's 18, and he's spectacular.”
ABOUT APRIL
Herges has a rule: When his pitchers are removed from a game mid-inning, they must remain in the dugout until that half of the inning is over.
On April 25, Urias did not follow the rule. When he was pulled after issuing four walks and getting two outs, he headed straight to the clubhouse.
“He kinda melted down,” Herges said. “So I went in there, immediately, and I was furious. This was the first inning that I'd ever seen him struggle. And he was sitting in his chair, and he was broken.
“I said to myself, ‘Wow, I get now the expectations that he feels. The magnitude of him not coming through out there, to him, is more than any other kid we have. And that woke me up to it, and I let him be.”
They smoothed things over the following day, and Urias did not get pulled mid-inning because of ineffectiveness the rest of the season.
But Urias did not start that April 25 game. Clayton Kershaw did, in his first rehab appearance while working his way back to the majors, and Urias followed.
“‘Here's my coming out party,'” Watson imagines him thinking. “‘Here's Kershaw, and I'm coming out right behind him.'”
Said Watson: “That was his biggest struggle.”
Now, Urias talks about April as a “tough moment,” one that taught him how to change the rhythm of hitters, how to dictate his own pace in the hitters' paradise that is the California League.
“To me, this year was about mental growth for him,” Watson said. “Once we got him exposed to the Midwest League (in 2013), the media was going to come after this cat. How was he going to manage the expectations, the hype?”
Watson stops.
“I didn't realize the hype machine was going to go this fast,” he said.
NEXT UP
After Urias appeared as a surprise starter in a big-league spring-training game in March and confidently pitched a 1-2-3 inning against the San Diego Padres, he spoke to the media en masse for the first time — just as confidently.
“My goal is to finish this season in the major leagues,” he said then. “If I can't, then Double-A.”
We don't know if the Dodgers ever seriously considered promoting him to Double-A Chattanooga this season. Even if they did, he wouldn't have had many innings left in his arm to do much there. The Dodgers wanted to keep him to fewer than 90. They'll probably limit him to 120 in 2015, and, if the pattern continues, 150 in 2016.
That, as much as anything, is the biggest impediment to Urias' big-league arrival. But if he continues to pitch like he did in July and August, impediments have a way of going away.
Urias posted a 0.74 ERA in 361/3 innings over his final nine outings this year.
“I've impressed myself,” Urias said through a translator. “It's been a great year for me, a lot of things going on. There were things that I didn't expect to happen.”
Among those things: his April struggles, the Futures Game appearance, the downright dominance, maybe even the lack of a call-up, although he wouldn't say it.
“At the beginning, that was my goal,” he said. “But it's not in my control. It's in the Dodgers' control, and I know the Dodgers are doing the best for me. If I can't make it this year, that's my goal for my next year.”
Yeah, next year makes a lot of sense.
Contact the writer: pmoura@ocregister.com
Arsène Wenger, the Arsenal manager, is understood to be ready to table an increased bid for Karim Benzema , the Real Madrid striker, after an initial offer of £31 million was rejected.
A report on Spanish website Fichajes claims that Wenger is prepared to offer the Santiago Bernabéu chiefs around £35m for the France international.
The report adds that Benzema, 27, is unhappy at the Santiago Bernabéu and would be willing to consider a move to the Premier League.
Arsenal director Lord Harris this week said that Wenger wants a striker and has identified his top target – believed to be Benzema – but that the deal is dependent on the selling club sourcing a “superstar” replacement.
Wenger tried previously to sign Benzema from Real Madrid in 2013 and, when asked last week about the France international, did not rule out his future arrival.
He said simply that nothing was happening “at the moment”.
In the Fichajes report it is claimed that Real Madrid have already identified Marco Reus, the Borussia Dortmund striker, as a possible replacement for Benzema and any fee from Arsenal would go towards funding the bid for the German.
• How could Arsenal line up next season
Meanwhile, Liverpool are set to be handed a blow after reports claim that Theo Walcott, the England forward, is close to signing a new four-year deal at Arsenal.
The Merseysiders had hoped to sign Walcott, 26, who has spent much of the summer in talks with the north London club's hierarchy about his future.
Theo Walcott is close to signing a new deal with Arsenal
However, a report in the Sunday Mirror says the two parties have agreed a deal to keep Walcott at the club until 2019 while his new salary is understood to be worth around £100,000 a week which will make him one of the club's highest earners.
While the player and club have yet to officially seal the deal, it is understood that the new contract will be signed before Arsenal's opening game of the Premier League season, at home to West Ham United.
Transfer window closes in
Finally, Arsenal have been told on in no uncertain terms that Alexandre Lacazette, the Lyon striker, will not be making a summer switch to the Emirates.
Arsenal and Chelsea had considered adding the striker, who scored 31 goals in 38 games for the Ligue 1 side last season, to their respective squads during the transfer window, but that now appears an impossible task.
Alexandre Lacazette was in north London on Saturday, but has said he will not return
"He is under contract at Lyon and, with all of the different competitions we have this season with the Champions League and the domestic French cups, we obviously want to keep him at the club," Hubert Fournier, the Lyon manager said.
"He has said he wants to stay with us,” Fournier added. “Of course some clubs are going to be attracted to the sort of player he is."
Lacazette, meanwhile, echoed his manager's comments by adding: "I have shown that I'm fully committed. It's football that interests me, not money. I hope to have a strong season."
This is a breakout board designed for creating analog gauges using a stepper motor. In a world of digital displays - LEDs, LCDs, OLEDs, etc., it's still helpful to be able to view information on ...
This is a breakout board designed for creating analog gauges using a stepper motor.
In a world of digital displays - LEDs, LCDs, OLEDs, etc., it's still helpful to be able to view information on analog gauges.
This board uses a Switec X27.168 stepper motor to drive the needle. The Switec is the same motor used in many automotive dashboards. The Switec motor only draws 20ma per coil. This means it can be directly wired to many microcontrollers, including 5 volt Arduino boards, AVR and PIC micros.
The breakout board adds diodes to protect microcontroller pins from inductive kickback. All signals are broken out to a 6 pin header for easy interfacing.
The board also provides a sturdy mounting point so the entire weight of the gauge isn't transferred to the plastic motor case.
The board is shipped as an easy to solder kit including the following:
1 Breakout PCB
8 Diodes
1 Switec X27.168 Motor
1 6pin .100 header
1 3D Printed pointer
Interfacing to the Arduino Uno and Mega is made easy using Guy Carpenter's SwitecX25 library here: https://github.com/clearwater/SwitecX25
In fact, a single Arduino Uno can run up to 3 motors at once.
Guy also has a full client/server stepper library called Gaugette. https://github.com/clearwater/gaugette
So what can you do with a Gauge Stepper Breakout Board? Quite simply, display any measurement you want!
A few ideas are: Temperature, humidity, audio volume, CPU Utilization, internet speed, altitude, battery voltage... the list goes on and on.
In this video I use the breakout to measure CPU utilization of my computer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AedCPZO8LsM
Smooth moves of the motor can be seen here:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-9aR8eVrJY
The Gauge breakout is open source hardware, and all design files are available via my github link.
[Update 1.30pm: Prime Minister Gillard has just announced her cabinet changes and Senator Conroy remains where he is. If you listen to the interview you'll realise why.]
Now that Julia Gillard is Prime Minister, could or should Senator Kate Lundy replace Senator Stephen Conroy as Minister for Broadband, Communication and the Digital Economy?
Delimiter‘s Renai LeMai has previously suggested that Lundy would make a better communications minister, and last Thursday he asked the question again. Gizmodo Australia is even actively campaigning for the change.
ZDnet.com.au‘s David Braue also reckons Gillard can save the comms ministry by involving Lundy — although he doesn't go as far as calling for Conroy to be sacked, instead suggesting he become the Minister for the National Broadband Network.
In this week's Patch Monday podcast, to be posted this morning, I chat with Crikey‘s Canberra correspondent Bernard Keane (pictured) about the possibility.
The #nocleanfeed anti-censorship campaigners might think a change in PM is reason enough to lobby for a change in communications minister, but Keane is not so sure. We cover that in the Patch Monday conversation.
Once we got talking, we also chatted about the historical context. A previous communications minister, Senator Richard Alston, was twice voted “global village idiot”, for instance. And we went into the political issues in more depth than appropriate for Patch Monday‘s technology industry focus. So, here's the full conversation.
I always record much more material than ends up in articles or podcasts, so I'm toying with the idea of posting all of my raw interviews here. Whaddyareckon?
Just in case I take that path, I'm creating a category of posts called Conversations, and you can subscribe to the RSS feed.
The News Minute | April 1, 2015 | 05:59 pm IST With the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India releasing a consultation paper on formulating regulations for internet data services provided by telecom companies, several key policy experts and industry observers have called for a policy regime which allows â€˜net neutralityâ€™. The TRAI has also sought inputs from various stakeholders and citizens before formulating the policy. So what is this all about? We asked Sandeep Pillai and Rishab Bailey at www.netneutrality.in to help us understand better. Simply put, "net neutrality" is the way we use internet today. Say you have a broadband connection of 1mbps from BSNL for Rs 500. You can use your internet for accessing practically anything on the internet, be it videos, apps, voice services, search engines or email. WhatsApp is accessible the same way Google is, there is no difference in quality or cost within the same internet service providerâ€™s network. Thatâ€™s net neutrality. If the suggestions in the TRAI consultation paper become policy, then effectively you give away your rights to your internet service provider to decide what, how and when you can access any particular material or service. The provider can charge you more for WhatsApp, or decide not to give you access at all. Since videos use more data, the ISP could ask either the content producer, like YouTube, or you are the consumer, to shell out more for using it. But here the question arises: Donâ€™t telecom companies have the right to price their products? Yes, they do. They are already doing that. Pro-net neutrality activists are not protesting against telecom operatorsâ€™ right to charge high prices for data service. What they are against is the attempt by telecom companies and the regulator to define internet under a licensing regime as it does other telecom services, by which they can charge different prices for different services and content. However, supporters of net-neutrality are against â€˜zero-ratingâ€™, which is providing a service for free. For example, Reliance Communications in partnership with Facebook is providing free access to the social network. While this doesnâ€™t affect the consumerâ€™s choice immediately, it is argued that over the long term the consumer will be conditioned to prefer free sites over ones which have to be paid for. So how does this affect you and me? Internet services will be similar to DTH TV services. On DTH services you can buy a basic pack but for specific channels you need to pay extra. This is the way internet would become if this policy is implemented. While buying your internet pack you will have to choose the services you need access to, and pay accordingly. Telecom company can change the pricing or access-speed ad-hoc the very next month and you might have to change your choices accordingly. Every service, like Google, Youtube, Yahoo, WhatsApp, Facebook or Twitter could be made payable separately. Such a regime would affect businesses and start-ups too. Big, rich companies like Google or Facebook can tie up with different operators. The operators could then choke the access to smaller competitors and start-ups which they see as threats to their business. This could be the end of disruptive innovation. There already are signs of this happening in India. Read this report (http://www.medianama.com/2014/12/223-airtel-net-neutrality-ogle-throttling/) by Nikhil Pahwa on what happened with Indian streaming media start-up Ogle. The new regime could affect our freedom of speech too. If the government does not like what you are writing, they could just force the telecom operator to throttle the access to your site, since under the new policy it will be perfectly legal for a telecom operator to do so. Some believe that the new regime will give further freedom to telecom operators to use Deep Packet Inspection (and filtering), which enables advanced network management, user service, and security functions as well as internet data mining, eavesdropping, and internet censorship. Although DPI technology has been used for Internet management for many years, some advocates of net neutrality fear that the technology may be used to monopolize the market or to reduce the openness of the Internet. Do you think this must be stopped? Visit www.netneutrality.in to know more, and sign the petition here .You can also send your policy inputs or protests to TRAI at advqos@trai.gov.in. Sandeep Pillai is a software professional based in Kerala and writes for www.netneutrality.in, operated by Ishan Sharma. Rishab Bailey is a practicing lawyer working in areas of intellectual property, technology and communication. Tweet Follow @thenewsminute
I just cracked the ever-loving Alien, Aliens, Alien 3, Alien Resurrection, Alien vs. Predator, and Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem out of my knee cap on the corner of a coffee table, but somehow, as I gaze upon the Chesthugger corset and...its contents...I feel no pain. A glorious accoutrement for the midsection, the Chesthugger calls forth the two most powerful torture devices on earth for slimming a woman's waistline: a boned, fat-choking depriver of oxygen and an arthropodic, gut-seizing facehugger.
Costume designer Carlos Blanchard of Rage Custom Creations conceived and brings to life the Chesthugger for ladies with a true edge, as well as those looking for the best birthday present ever for their husbands or boyfriends*. Facehuggers are forged from rigid vinyl, and made to order in any color buyers want--featured is a baby alien in chrome. They can also be treated to look aged, or kept in the image of the clean and sparkly parasite in the photograph. Blanchard has also agreed to customize facehuggers with handpainted designs, such as a Hello Kitty (an actual request, which, while disturbing, is also somewhat reassuring, as I thought I was twisted) but that's gonna cost extra. The creature's tail has a foam filling and rigid wire structure, so donners can shape it to their individual waists. Unless in an act of proboscis-thwarting self-defense, please keep the facehugger away from extreme heat.
The Chesthugger corsets themselves are pre-made and come in two styles, one of which includes a red color option. If available sizes are not suitable, Blanchard can have a friend custom make one for some mas dinero.
Though the Chesthugger is not likely to implant an embryo in its host, women vehemently opposed to birthing a chestburster should probably opt for some Lady Warrior Armor or an Adrenasuit instead.
*Dudes, also highly recommend a night out in the Chesthugger as payment for wives or girlfriends on the losing end of bet.
I will never forget thumbing through the pages of New York Magazine in April 2015 and stumbling on a spread by Matt Giles called “The Branches of the Bushes: A Family Tree.”
The feature was thoroughly researched and published at a time when the rumor mill surrounding Jeb Bush was heating up that there may actually be a third Bush president, and months before Donald Trump would take his infamous escalator trip to casually slam Mexicans as rapists.
Giles, in no uncertain terms, referred to the Bush family as a “sprawling political dynasty,” but the reason that the information stuck with me so strongly was an exclamation I made out loud to no one in particular when I got to the second page:
“Billy Bush is a Bush?!”
I mean, I knew that Access Hollywood host Billy Bush had the last name of Bush, but it never even remotely dawned on me to consider that he was a member of the Bush political family. Of course, he is not the only member of the tribe heavily invested in the media; George W. Bush‘s daughter Jenna has served as a contributor to the NBC TODAY Show, and the New York Mag‘s spread revealed a number of other Bush kin who could also follow suit.
I surprised many of my Mediaite colleagues earlier this summer with my Fun Fact about Billy Bush when he was at the center of the Ryan Lochte controversy in Rio (Lochte gave his first post “robbery” interview to Bush directly, claims that were eventually proven false. Matt Lauer scored the more sought after follow-up with the disgraced Olympian). Did you know Bill Bush is, like, a Bush Bush? I would say, and my colleagues would roll their eyes with the same indifference I face when I spout off my other favorite fun facts, like how the word “democracy” does not appear anywhere in the Constitution.
So the tremendous irony of the new situation that Donald Trump finds himself in struck me immediately.
After all, it has largely been the Trump v. Bush dynamic that has launched him into the position of political power he now finds himself. During the Republican primary process, the real estate mogul absolutely eviscerated former Florida Governor Jeb, making a public spectacle of beating up on Bush as if he were a punching bag in dire need of a 5 Hour Energy.
In time, Trump would further solidify his anti-establishment place in modern American conservatism. In addition to indicating that President George W. Bush outright lied to the American people (he once told Wolf Blitzer, “Well, he lied. He got us into the way with lies,”), Trump distanced himself from the Bush brand of Republican politics by essentially faulting Bush 43 with the attacks of 9/11 during a campaign stop in South Carolina.
Reportedly, even Poppy Bush has since indicated that when it comes to choosing a President on November 8th, Democratic challenger Hillary Clinton will be earning his vote. To this date, neither Bush 41, Bush 43, nor Jeb himself have supported Trump's candidacy, unable to derail it despite the popularity of the Bush name in American conservative circles.
Enter Billy boy.
Billy Bush is the son of Josephine Bradley and Jonathan Bush, a banker in Connecticut, one of the leaders in the second generation of the family tree. Jonathan Bush, born in 1932, is the brother of William H.T. Bush (a banker), Nancy Walker Bush, Prescott Bush Jr. (an insurance executive with a failed Senate run to his name) and George Herbert Walker Bush himself.
If you're following along, this makes Billy Bush the first cousin of President George W. Bush and Jeb Bush, the first cousin once removed of Jenna Bush, and the nephew of no-new-taxes himself.
He was also in a bus with Donald Trump eleven years ago when the real estate mogul and reality TV star said, “Grab 'em by the pussy,” a revelation that threatens to derail all of his presidential ambitions.
“Come on shorty,” Bush can be heard saying on the tape that The Washington Post leaked on Friday afternoon. The conversation between the two men is right in line with what Trump called it immediately after its release to the public: locker room banter between a few of the guys, never to be seen or heard in the light of day.
Trump confided in Bush that day, “I moved on her like a bitch. But I couldn't get there. And she was married. Then all of a sudden I see her, she's now got the big phony tits and everything. She's totally changed her look.”
“Sheesh, your girl's hot as shit. In the purple,” replied Bush.
For people in the American electorate this year who have long supported the values of small government and Constitutional originality long peddled by the Bush brand of politics — who have resisted the Trumpian overthrow of the Grand Old Party — it is perhaps the sweetest bit of delicious irony that it is (inadvertently of course) a Bush who is indirectly responsible for what could finally be Trump's downfall. The Republican nominee is losing a staggering number of influential party endorsements today, with calls for Veep choice Mike Pence to replace Trump at the top of the ticket. Though Trump told the Wall Street Journal this morning that there is simply “zero chance,” he will forfeit his candidacy, it's difficult to imagine rebounding from the vicious blow he will likely suffer from.
And to think: instead of getting into verbal spats on a debate stage calling Trump a “chaos candidate,” all Jeb Bush really had to do to crash Trump's campaign was take him aside and shoot the shit like one of the boys.
—
J.D. Durkin (@jiveDurkey) is an editorial producer and columnist at Mediaite.
[image via NBC screengrab]
This is an opinion piece. The views expressed in this article are those of just the author.
An atheist group questioned Thursday whether a Republican legislator improperly used state resources to produce a Christmas greeting video in which he encourages people to become Christians and quotes Bible verses.
Rep. Scott Allen is a freshman representative from Waukesha, one of Wisconsin's most conservative cities. He posted on Dec. 18 that shows him speaking in front of what appears to be a photograph of the giant Christmas tree in the state Capitol rotunda. In the video, he invites anyone who isn't Christian to "consider the hope offered by the Prince of Peace."
He then goes on to ask people who celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ to consider two Bible verses from Hebrews about people spurring one another on toward love and good deeds and how those who believe will be saved. He quotes portions of the verses directly.
The Freedom From Religion Foundation sent a letter Thursday to Assembly Speaker Robin Vos complaining that Allen is overtly proselytizing. The letter includes a request for all documents related to the video to determine whether state resources were used in its production or distribution and notes the U.S. Constitution prohibits government sponsorship of religious messages.
"While Allen is free to promote his personal religious beliefs on his own time, it is inappropriate to do so when he is afforded a special platform due to his elected position," the letter said. "Using state resources to promote one particular religion, and suggesting that people should convert or even consider converting to that religion, is unconstitutional."
Allen didn't immediately return a voicemail The Associated Press left at his Capitol office on Thursday afternoon seeking comment. He also didn't immediately respond to an email seeking comment and inquiring about whether he used state resources for the video.
Vos spokeswoman Kit Beyer also didn't immediately respond to an email message. Assembly Majority Leader Jim Steineke, R-Kaukauna, and the world needs more such messages.
Last year, Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX) became the first commercial company to send a spacecraft into low Earth orbit and have it successfully reenter the Earth's atmosphere–a significant step in the commercialization of space transportation.
Artist illustration of Falcon Heavy. Credit: SpaceX
SpaceX hopes to carry crew and cargo to the International Space Station when the space shuttles retire this year, using it's Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon capsule. Now the company is vying for more: it's building a heavy-lift rocket, a vehicle comparable to the Saturn V moon rocket, that can carry extremely large payloads to space, like a fully loaded Boeing 737 with 136 passengers.
“Falcon Heavy will carry more payload to orbit or escape velocity than any vehicle in history….this opens a new world of capability for both government and commercial space missions,” said Elon Musk, the company's founder, CEO and chief rocket designer, at today's press conference in Washington, DC. Musk said the Falcon Heavy rocket first launch is planned for late 2013 or 2014.
A few fun facts about the Falcon Heavy:
It's first stage will be made up of three nine-engine cores–the same engines, called Merlin, that are used for the Falcon 9 rocket.
It will generate 3.8 million pounds of thrust at liftoff–equal to 15 Boeing 747 airplanes at full power.
It is designed to meet NASA human rating standards, which means designing to more stringent safety requirements.
It will be the first rocket in history to use propellant cross-feed from the side boosters to the center core, leaving the center core with most of its propellant after the side boosters separate.
The side booster stages will have a mass ratio above 30, better than any vehicle of any kind in history.
It will carry twice the payload of a Delta IV Heavy but will cost less than a third as much–it's $1,000 per pound to orbit would set a new world record in affordable spaceflight.
American Jews have long overwhelmingly supported an end to the occupation, but increasingly, we are building an organized critical mass who are also willing to push our institutions and politicians in the same direction. IfNotNow takes its Passover message of liberation to Hillel and AIPAC.
By Leanne Gale
We gathered early in the morning, before the work day began. By the time I arrived at our meeting place, there were leaders milling about in neon vests to assist with logistics. There were megaphones. There were posters. I remarked to a friend, “This feels like trip day at my Jewish summer camp, but a bit edgier.”
We had come together as IfNotNow, a movement working to end American Jewish communal support for the Israeli occupation. Our action was the first in a week-long series of actions under the banner of Dayenu! No Liberation with Occupation. Because this Passover, when Jews gather around the country to reflect on the meaning of liberation in our tradition, we are not prepared to allow the American Jewish community to ignore our oppression of the Palestinian people. Not with the occupation about to turn 50.
The plan was to march to Hillel International — a Jewish institution complicit in perpetuating the occupation and stifling student dissent — and set up a seder table in front of its doors. We would then observe a Passover Liberation Seder affirming the liberation of the Jewish and Palestinian people. With the doors blocked, Hillel International would not be able to continue business as usual until we had completed our ritual. Just as the occupation disrupts the daily lives of Palestinians, so too would we disrupt the daily activities of Hillel International.
We did. And my God, was that seder beautiful.
As a Jewish anti-occupation activist, it can be easy to feel alone in this political climate. Last week, my friend and visionary anti-occupation activist Simone Zimmerman was suspended from her position as Jewish Outreach Coordinator at the Bernie Sanders campaign following intense pressure from right-wing Jewish establishment leaders. And just yesterday, hundreds of Jewish Israelis gathered in Tel Aviv to rally behind an Israeli soldier who shot and killed an already subdued Palestinian attacker in Hebron. Reportedly, many wore “Kahane Lives” paraphernalia and chanted “death to Arabs.” One sign read, “Kill Them All.”
But today I did not feel alone. I stood in the crowd with fellow Solomon Schechter Jewish Day school alumni; fellow North American Federation of Temple Youth (NFTY) alumni; fellow Hillel alumni; fellow J Street U alumni; fellow Tikkun Leil Shabbat minyan participants in D.C.; a fellow New Israel Fund — Shatil social justice fellow; colleagues, friends, loved ones.
We began the seder with the Shehecheyanu, the Jewish blessing for auspicious beginnings. When I hear the Shehecheyanu, I cannot help but to hear it in my father's voice. I grew up listening to him in his capacity as Rabbi Gale, chanting the blessing at weddings, holiday celebrations, and bnai mitzvah. I burst into a smile as we blessed our auspicious gathering of Jews united for freedom and dignity for all.
We sang Lo Yisa Goy — a passage from Isaiah popular in many Jewish communities. It translates, “Nation shall not lift up sword against nation, and neither shall they learn war anymore.” For the first time in years, I was able to sing the song loudly and freely without wondering whether those around me cared about the Israeli occupation at all. I knew I was surrounded by a Jewish community that did care, urgently.
And we crafted our own version of the Dayenu, the Passover recitation of thanks for liberation from Egypt and the many other gifts bestowed upon the Jewish people. Rather than chanting, “It would have been enough,” we chanted, “We should have said enough:”
When Hillel, which is supposed to be a home for Jewish students, silenced our voices, we should have said enough. When our Hebrew schools showed us only one side of the story and then demanded our unwavering support for Israel and its abusive policies, we should have said enough. When we were told the strength and safety of our community depended on the subjugation of another, we should have said enough. When we saw the words “Death to Arabs” written on the walls of buildings, we should have said enough. When settlers took over Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem, we should have said enough.
The moment East Jerusalem came up, I thought back to my former colleagues at Ir Amim (“City of Nations” or ”City of Peoples”) who work every day for a more equitable and sustainable Jerusalem. I thought back to my friend Anwar, a young Palestinian resident of East Jerusalem who Skyped with me earlier this year on flickering Internet as Israeli Border Police raided her village. I thought of my role model, Ahmad Sub Laban, who has spent the past year working against the clock to protect his family from eviction by settlers in the Old City of Jerusalem. Here, in this American-Jewish space, these individuals were finally welcome.
It dawned on me that IfNotNow, and the young Jews making it happen, herald a new era of American Judaism. For too long, our Judaism has been poisoned by Israeli military occupation and American Jewish complicity in the oppression of the Palestinian people. When I walk into synagogue, my body wants to fall into the relaxed familiarity of Kabbalat Shabbat but the moment is tainted knowing that the congregation is silent on the occupation. When I sing the Psalm, “Pray for the peace of Jerusalem,” all I can think about is Israeli Border Police spraying skunk water on Palestinian homes and schools in A-Tur, and how lonely it feels to think about that in a mainstream Jewish space. And when I join my community to fast in repentance for our sins on Yom Kippur, I cannot help but to feel utterly enmeshed in a silent web of hypocrisy as the day passes without one mention of the Palestinian people.
But young American Jews who love our tradition and decry the injustice of occupation are coming of age. And we are creating a Judaism together that does not force us to empty our prayers of meaning.
I feel in my bones like the times are finally changing. We are creating an actualized, morally consistent Judaism, and we are taking it to its next logical step. American Jews have long overwhelmingly supported an end to the occupation, but increasingly, we are building an organized critical mass who are also willing to push our institutions and politicians to make it happen. We may have been a silent majority in the past, but our silence has not served us, or the Palestinians. So we are finding the courage, and community, to get louder.
IfNotNow is growing, with chapters popping up in Jewish communities across the country. Just in D.C. alone, IfNotNow is leading training sessions every month, coordinating actions, and organizing with passionate intensity. And on the same day as the IfNotNow D.C. Liberation Seder, six IfNotNow leaders in Boston were arrested while holding a Liberation Seder in the lobby of the local AIPAC office. That's not to mention the exponential growth of Jewish Voice for Peace, the student-led organizing of Open Hillel, or the incredible work of J Street U to demand transparency for Jewish institutional funding across the Green Line. As IfNotNow folks like to say, “We are the generation that will end American Jewish support for the occupation.”
Raw footage of Boston's #LiberationSeder Footage of the arrests at the #LiberationSeder inside Boston's AIPAC office yesterday. AIPAC chose to arrest young Jews trying to take leadership in the community rather than publicly stand for freedom and dignity for all. Posted by If Not Now on Wednesday, April 20, 2016
On Passover, it is traditional to ask, “Why is this night different than every other night?” This Passover, hundreds of young Jews across the country are taking to the streets to demand liberation from the Mitzrayim, the narrowness, of occupation, for Jews and Palestinians alike. We are turning our prayers in protest, the way the Prophets intended. We are turning our Passover songs into cries for justice.
That feels pretty different to me. It feels like a new era.
Leanne Gale s a Jewish anti-occupation activist based in Washington D.C.
Nerve Gaming now recruiting
In addition to all of this, all applicants also must:
- Be active on the SEA server (inactives will be removed from the team if the team is not given notice)
- Willing to attend clan practice sessions at least 3 to 4 times a week
- Always be looking for ways to improve their play
- Interact with all fellow clan members in a respectful manner
So if this sounds like you and you're able to satisfy all of the above and would like to apply please use the following form and create a thread here:
Please put your Bnet ID.Code and Race as the thread title.
Bnet ID.Code:
Name:
Age:
Country:
Race:
League:
Time spent on SC2 daily and weekly:
SC2 Goals:
SC2 Milestones/Achievements:
Why would you be a valuable addition to Nerve Gaming?:
(Optional) Do you have any other skills you can offer to the team, e.g. casting?:*
*If applying for caster or event organization position this is compulsory. League is not considered for these positions but can help, SC2 goals and achievements should be relevant to the appropriate position.
Please put time into your applications, if it's an obvious 5second job the application will be ignored. Trials and further questions will be held for successful applicants to determine if you will fit into the team or not. If you have any queries please message us in game (PickleWeasel.945/Reere.355 or join channel 'Nerve Gaming') or post in the thread.
Thanks for reading and good luck with your application!
Quick Comments nirvAnA: always nice to see new teams. gl and hope this brings you a fresh start Nerve Gaming is now looking for Masters league or higher level players that are dedicated to SC2 and have the desire to compete at the highest level of play. We have no delusions of grandeur that we will be able to compete with top teams such as aLt, TA, and xGKing any time soon, but that is the long term goal: To become one of the top teams on the SEA server. So if you aren't a serious player that has this high goal in mind or the dedication and perseverance required to achieve this, then this isn't the team for you.In addition to all of this, all applicants also must:- Be active on the SEA server (inactives will be removed from the team if the team is not given notice)- Willing to attend clan practice sessions at least 3 to 4 times a week- Always be looking for ways to improve their play- Interact with all fellow clan members in a respectful mannerSo if this sounds like you and you're able to satisfy all of the above and would like to apply please use the following form and create a thread here: http://nerve-gaming.enjin.com/recruitment Please put time into your applications, if it's an obvious 5second job the application will be ignored. Trials and further questions will be held for successful applicants to determine if you will fit into the team or not. If you have any queries please message us in game (PickleWeasel.945/Reere.355 or join channel 'Nerve Gaming') or post in the thread.Thanks for reading and good luck with your application! Last edited by Snx.FigJig; Tue, 1st-Nov-2011 at 5:42 PM .
Xperia Smartphone Updates Walkman App to Music App which is customized for Lollipop's Material User Interface and is in beta stage. It has awesome looks one can feel and very smooth user interface. Music App for Xperia Smartphones ends the great Walkman Series. But who knows this might be a kind of insurance for the Walkman App that will give best results once the insurance claims its interest! Xperia's mobile apps development pace is increasing rapidly by many folds after it launched Android 5.1 Lollipop for Xperia Z Series. Mobile application developers did not stop here itself they are still developing more and more Android Apps that can make Xperia Smartphone as the best Phone in the world!
Also Read : How to Create Android App and become Mobile App Developer without Android Knowledge
Here are the looks of Sony Xperia Music App taken from Xperia C :
Music 9.0.0.A.2.0 Xperia Smartphone Official App brings out beautiful Android User Interface with smooth scroll and hover effects when switching between albums. Whats More in Sony Xperia Music App :
• Music Settings moved to drawer
• Mediaserver moved to Settings
• Faster boot
• App Size is now reduced approx 7.5 Mb only
• App color switch (Community Order, Lollipop only)
• Previous button on lockscreen (Lollipop only)
• guides made use of more space in “My library” (community request)
Downloads And Other Info Xperia Music App :
Although Xperia Music App is in beta stage, but one can use it as normal Walkman App as it is already designed by best android app dev which ensures you that it is Xperia Smartphone friendly and is Official replacement to Walkman App. Although you might get the Update notification lateron, but one can Download Xperia Music App from below :
[sociallocker id=”2388″]Download Xperia Music App [/sociallocker]
Special thanks to my partner for again giving me time to write this article and show my love towards our fans too <3
To open the download links please share the article as token of thanks! Once you have downloaded, then all Xperia Smartphones running Android 4.2 and above can normally install it and enjoy Xperia's Music app. Feel free to comment for your queries and do not forget to subscribe to our website too.
Got a shiny new crate engine for your car? Congratulations!
The most important thing you can do for your car and your new crate engine is properly broken in the engine. Ignoring this critical part of installing your new engine will likely wreck it, costing your sanity and tons of money.
If you're looking for a step-by-step tutorial on properly breaking in your Chevy crate engine, you came to the right place.
8 Steps to Breaking in Your New Crate Engine
Step 1: Inspect Everything Under the Hood
Before starting the engine, check for any fluid leaks or damage. You can also use this time to top off any fluids your Chevy may need.
Step 2: Check the Oil Level & Prime the Oil System
Photo credit: Dvortygirl
This is a step you absolutely cannot miss. It's likely that your engine has been sitting for a while, resulting in most of the lubrication draining back into the pan.
Ensure that there's enough motor oil in the oil system. Even if you plan to use synthetic oil, you need to break in the engine with regular oil. Once the engine's all broken in, you can make the switch.
Once you've ensured the engine has enough oil, install an oil pressure gauge and then disconnect the entire engine control system. Disconnect it in such a way that it cannot provide any ignition or fuel to the engine. Crank the engine with the starter for about ten seconds, and then check the oil pressure. If you don't see any oil pressure, wait 30 seconds and then crank the engine again for ten seconds. Repeat until the gauge picks up the oil pressure.
Reconnect the engine control system and then start the engine. Listen for any strange noises and troubleshoot them until everything sounds fine.
Step 3: Adjust the Distributor Timing
Turn off the engine and let it cool down. When it's cool to the touch, adjust the distributor timing by hand to ensure quick start-up and smooth idling.
Step 4: Set the Ignition Timing
Check your car's service manual to find out where you should set it exactly. In general, most carbureted engines have their ignition timing at 10 degrees before top dead center with the vacuum advance disconnected. Most modern computer-controlled engines are usually set at 0 degrees before top dead center with the set timing connector disconnected.
Step 5: Break in the Camshaft (Flat Tappet Hydraulic Cams Only)
To do this, run the engine at no load between 2,000 and 2,500 RPMs for about 30 minutes.
Step 6: Drive Your Vehicle Around
Photo credit: Valder137
At this point, it's time to really break in the engine. What better way to do that than to put it to work? Take your ride out for a spin at varying speeds and loads on the engine for about 30 miles. However, make sure you avoid using a lot of throttle or running your engine at high RPM.
Step 7: Break in Your Piston Rings
While out on your drive, bring the engine up to 3,000 RPM and then coast back down to 20 MPH about five or six times. Next, bring it up to 5,000 RPM and then coast back down to 20 MPH a couple of times.
To play it safe, drive the next 500 miles without exceeding 5,000 RPM.
Step 8: Change the Oil and Filter
While doing this, inspect the oil and the oil filter carefully for any foreign particles. If you don't find any, then your engine should be functioning properly.
A Few Things to Keep in Mind
Safety Tips
During the first five steps, take the following safety precautions:
Keep the emergency brake on.
Chock the wheels.
Make sure the transmission doesn't fall into gear.
Oil Tips
If you're planning on running synthetic oil, only use high-quality oil approved by GM. Look for oils that meet GM's GM4718M specifications.
Watch your oil level like a hawk during the first thousand miles or so.
Use only high quality 10W-30 or 10W-40 oil during the break-in period
Do you have any more tips to share on breaking in a Chevy crate engine? If so, please share them on Facebook!
Unless you've been off the internet all week, you've probably heard that Jon Snow (Kit Harington) is alive. But a new interview with the Game of Thrones actor reveals what might be the best thing about Jon Snow we've heard since the Lord Commander was fatally stabbed in the fifth season finale.
Entertainment Weekly's new cover story with Harington goes in-depth about how the show's stars and producers attempted to maintain the ruse that Jon Snow wasn't returning to the HBO series. (tl;dr: They lied a lot.) But the magazine also teases a bit about Harington's experience once he began filming Season 6, which includes at least one incredibly physical fight sequence that pits Jon against a dozen men.
Harington refuses to say his safe word ("banana") to stop the pummeling. But when the scene ends, he seems more winded than usual. The Game of Thrones star staggers away, giving a weary smile: "'Become an actor,' they said..."
Yes. That's right. Jon Snow's safe word is banana.
Now, every time you see an intense Game of Thrones scene featuring Harington, just imagine the regal Lord Commander calling out "banana" on set.
Legal Status
None
Key Identification Features
Similar to the house mouse the brown rat population is variable in size and colour depending on the habitat type in which they live, generally they are a grey to brown colouration with their undersides having a more pale grey tint, often individuals will have a white patch on their chests. Adults can grow up to 28cm in length with males weighing up the half a kilogram, females are lighter weighing 400 grams. The tail is long, sparsely haired and scaly containing up to two hundred rings but it is shorter than the combined length of the head and body. The head is carried lower than the back giving the brown rat it's distinctive hump backed appearance when moving. Hind foot tracks measure up to 4.5cm in length and leave a five-toed star like footprint. They are a vocal species of rodent emitting a range of piping calls, shrieks and whistles. They also use ultrasound to communicate especially between a mother rat and her young pups in the 20 – 100 kHz range. They have smaller eyes and ears than the black rat but use long whiskers and an excellent sense of smell to locate food sources in dark environments. The brown rat is extremely agile and can run quickly over short distances to avoid threats. Strong bones and hind leg muscles allow the animal to jump high and long to gain access to new areas while the long flexible tail provides extra balance.
Habitat
The brown rat is the most common rodent species found in Ireland, it is highly adaptable to most habitat types preferring to remain in areas which are in close proximity to human settlements as they provide these opportunistic animals with an abundant source of food and shelter. This species of rat can be found living in commercial and industrial buildings, on landfills, in sewer systems, along inland waterways such as urban canals, on rural farms and along Ireland's coasts. Brown rats occupying urban habitats usually nest in cellars or on the ground floor although they are excellent climbers and have been found occupying the top levels of grain stores. A home range of an urban dwelling individual may be quite small and generally will not exceed 100m2. Natural habitats that are adjacent to human settlements are also exploited, especially in the warm summer months, these can include hedgerows and fields containing crops. Brown rats living in open areas dig burrows with nearby food storage chambers linked by underground tunnel systems. Home ranges of individuals found in more rural habitats will be larger than those in urban areas with nightly feeding trips of up to 4km along hedgerows often undertaken. Rats will share loose colonies which can be composed of related individuals, a dominant pair or one dominant male with a harem of females. The brown rat species can tolerate much damper environments than other rodents with only exposed mountainous areas and isolated uninhabited islands being unsuitable habitats.
Food and Feeding Habits
Brown rats are omnivorous and will eat almost anything although they prefer starchy and protein rich foods, such as seeds and cereals. Their diet includes scavenged meat, fish, weeds, vegetables, nuts and fruits or any scraps which can be found within human settlements. Populations that live in more rural locations will feed on silage, root crops, seeds and have been known to hunt for earthworms, shore crabs, snails and the eggs of any ground nesting bird species they might find. They are typically nocturnal feeders but will scavenge during the daytime if their area contains night time predators like owls and foxes. Juvenile brown rats may also be forced to feed during the day if there is too much competition from more dominant adult rats at night. For nocturnal feeding the peak times are one hour after sunset and one hour before sunrise. The brown rat will move along habitually used pathways in its territory using their sense of touch in a process known as thigmotaxis which involves using muscle memory to move the same way every time. Rural populations of brown rats will travel up to 4km per night along regular pathways in search of food which is then stored in a hoard to be consumed later. This species will resort to cannibalism if food sources become scarce.
Reproduction and Life Cycle
If the weather is mild and there is an abundant food supply the brown rat can breed throughout the year otherwise births will take place between March and November. Scent information is important during this time to establish the breeding condition of individuals. Males will become more aggressive during the mating season with the use of ultrasound when fighting other males and during copulation. Breeding females can produce up to five litters per year with on average each litter containing between one and ten pups. The size of each litter will depend on the size of the breeding female with larger mothers giving birth to larger litters. Pregnancy lasts for just over three weeks with pups born naked and blind generally not weighing more than 6 grams. Weaning begins almost immediately after birth and lasts for three weeks with parental care given by the female only. Female brown rats can become pregnant again before the first litter is fully weaned. Typically the smaller the litter size than the faster the pups will grow due to the availability of more milk. Young brown rats reach full sexual maturity after only three months allowing for rapid increases in population numbers if suitable conditions are provided, however the mortality rate of some rural populations can reach as high as 90% in their first year. Brown rats can live for up to 18 months in Ireland.
Current Distribution
Along with the house mouse the brown rat is considered to be the most widespread terrestrial mammal in Ireland. They are thought to have originated in southeastern Asia and spread with human settlements to Europe and Africa. They arrived in Ireland by the 18th century most likely aboard ships from Britain and mainland Europe, out competing the closely related black rat species they are now found throughout the country except at high altitudes and on some of the more remote western islands. Brown rat population densities vary greatly depending on numerous factors including the time of year, the habitat they occupy and the severity of the weather. The population will usually reach its height by autumn and early winter with fewer rats present in spring due to lower birth rates at that time of year. A single pair of breeding adults can, if conditions are favourable produce a colony of up to eight hundred rats after just one year.
Conservation Issues
Brown rats are numerous and provide an important source of food for larger predatory animals such as foxes, stoats and birds of prey. In most parts of Ireland the brown rat has become the main food source of the barn owl. To humans the brown rat is Ireland's most serious pest species which can pose considerable public health and environmental problems. The brown rat species can harbor a number of disease carrying organisms such as mites and fleas which can pass on Q and hantaan fever to humans. The brown rat also spreads weil's disease from a bacterium in their urine called leptospirosis which is dangerous to humans, if a large population of rats occupy a watercourse the water quality can become effected over time posing risks to any people using the same water source.
Each adult brown rat has 4 incisor teeth which grow continually throughout their lives and so need to be filled down which is usually done by gnawing on hard objects which can lead to internal wall damage and may be the cause of electrical fires in some buildings. The brown rat has so far beaten all attempts at large scale control over its numbers by becoming resistant to poisons and regularly avoiding food traps. Like other rodent species found in Ireland the brown rat is not protected under any legislation.
Between 2013 and 2015, the number of Unicorns (private technology companies valued at over $1 billion) exploded from 16 to 140, marking an incredible growth spurt in valuations and positive sentiment toward the venture industry.
But after a rocky 2016, in which scandals, funding downrounds, and more cautious investor commentary emerged, many have questioned the validity of the sector's valuations. With this backdrop, 2017 is shaping up to be a make-or-break year for the Unicorn Club.
An analysis of the trends and factors likely to shape the course of the year to come show that bubble-bursting expectations seem unfounded, and that if anything, the prospects for the top privately held tech companies are likely to improve.
When Cowboy Ventures' Aileen Lee coined the term “Unicorn” to describe privately-held startups worth more than $1 billion, she wanted to emphasize the rarity and elusiveness of these finds as a venture investor.
It was 2013, the tech sector was awash with investor dollars, Uber and Snapchat had raised large funding rounds at eye-popping valuations, incubators and accelerators were all the rage, and Elon Musk had announced his Hyperloop project.
Simply put, things were looking good for the technology sector.
What followed in the ensuing years was a remarkable growth in valuations and private-funding for early-stage technology companies.
Between 2013 and 2015, the Unicorn Club grew in “membership” nearly nine-fold, and added nearly $400 billion in paper value to the economy (see charts 1 and 2). Aside from Uber and Snapchat mentioned above, other well-known newcomers to the club during that period include Stripe, Slack, Instacart, Lyft, Warby Parker, and 23andMe, amongst others.
Unicorns hardly seemed rare anymore, prompting many industry observers to start seriously questioning the sector's valuations. Despite only representing a small subsection of elite technology startups, the Unicorn Club became synonymous with the entire technology sector's seeming exuberance.
And sure enough, after several frothy years, 2016 marked a different tone and a more challenging environment for the notorious Unicorn Club. First there were the scandals.
Theranos, probably the year's most troubling story, was mired in controversy as the company lost key clients, came under regulatory scrutiny, became embroiled in shocking revelations from former employees, and generally fell from grace. Once worth $9 billion, Theranos seems likely to fall by the wayside soon, perhaps shutting down in the coming months.
Another famous Unicorn, Zenefits, was forced to admit that employees had cheated on mandatory compliance practices and that Parker Conrad, co-founder and CEO, had actively promoted practices that allowed Zenefits to get around compliance training to sell insurance in California. Parker Conrad resigned, and in June the company was revalued down from $4.5 billion to $2 billion.
The list goes on, with high profile Unicorns such as Lending Club, Hampton Creek, and several others all suffering from scandalous revelations. But whilst scandals might sell papers (or in today's day and age, online ads), the more serious and troubling point is that these revelations all helped feed the critics.
If strong doubts already loomed over the tech sector's valuations, discoveries of essentially fraudulent behaviour at Unicorn companies only lent further weight to such doubts.
Scandals aside, 2016 generally seems to have witnessed what one could call a reality check for the technology space. As put by Chamath Palihapitiya of Social Capital, “There are a whole bunch of businesses that are good, not great, but they've raised money as if they were great.”
And the data seems to back this up. As charts 1 and 2 show, the pace of Unicorn “births” slowed considerably. And more troubling, 2016 saw a strong growth in downrounds amongst the Unicorn basket (see charts 3 and 4), a trend which we had already begun to witness since 2015, but that had probably gone slightly unnoticed amongst all the positive news.
Suddenly, the Unicorn Club was under stress, and again, by way of its symbolic nature, so was the entire startup and technology sector. The naysayers' arguments gathered steam, prompting serious questions about whether the strong positive run in the venture space was coming to an end.
But is it?
Looking ahead at 2017, there are encouraging signs for the sector. The same forces that made 2016 a tough year seem to be turning around, and those supporting the run-up in valuations over the last few years don't seem to have subsided.
The Return of the Tech IPO
No doubt one of the most surprising features of 2016 was the dearth of IPOs for technology companies.
Throughout the first eight months of the year, there had in fact been only one venture-backed technology company that listed on the public markets. And despite a pickup in the last half of the year, 2016 closed as the worst year in terms of number of technology IPOs in the US since the financial crisis (see chart 5).
And as far as those that were already public, performance wasn't encouraging.
Twitter, Fitbit, Box, Etsy, amongst others, all legacy 2014-2015 tech listings, saw their stock prices suffer in the public markets, several of them reaching prices of less than half their IPO price.
The reasons for this phenomenon are of course varied, but in many ways all tie back to the large amounts of investor capital locked up in private venture funds.
Buoyed by growing balance sheets, venture funds poured dollars into technology startups over the prior five to seven years, thus propping up the lofty valuations so many had been decrying.
Adding to the above, a large number of investors who previously would have participated in public markets have in recent years been shifting over to private markets in an attempt to chase higher yields, including mutual funds, hedge funds, and sovereign wealth funds.
As Bill Gurley, General Partner at Benchmark, commented, “With interest rates so low, you just have people looking for yield, and so money sloshes around.”
With this context, it is no wonder many companies avoided the public markets.
Faced with going public at sharp discounts, and with associated increases in the reporting burden as well as greater transparency requirements for their operations, it seems only normal that a CEO would choose to continue relying on the private markets for liquidity.
But there are strong signs that 2017 might be different.
Investment bank Union Square Advisors estimates that there might be as many as 90 companies looking to go public over the next year. Morgan Stanley's top technology banker foresees 30 to 40 technology IPOs this year.
The most famous example is of course Snapchat, arguably the most anticipated tech IPO of recent years.
Based on its last investment round, Snap, Snapchat's parent company, is valued at $18 billion. And if the reports out there are to be believed, Snap's IPO is likely to fetch the company an additional $4 billion at a whopping $25 billion valuation, making it the largest U.S. technology company IPO since Facebook went public in June 2012.
Snap's IPO will be a bellwether listing and will likely set the tone for the year.
What's behind this change of sentiment?
Well, no doubt 2016's “reality check” led to a valuation reset for many technology companies that has helped assuage public market investors' concerns.
Moreover, the more challenging funding environment of 2016 no doubt put pressure on companies to refocus on their metrics and fundamentals in lieu of having to access the public markets in the upcoming future.
If 2016 saw a culling of the herd, then we might predict that the remaining companies are the healthier ones.
And of course, while a Trump presidency continues to create uncertainty, the short-term effect on stock markets has been largely positive, with a strong rebound in stock prices and a general return of “risk-on” attitude amongst public market investors.
All in all, we'll have to see. But given the lengthening of the IPO queue, it would not be a surprise that if the year starts out positively, perhaps with the Snap IPO performing well, the floodgates may open.
Continued Liquidity in the Private Markets
Of course, the other important factor to consider is whether the funding environment in the private markets that led to this situation in the first place has even really changed.
And it looks like the answer is that it hasn't.
Since 2009, private technology growth investors have continued to raise capital at record rates, up from $11 billion in 2009 to $41 billion in 2015, as noted by Sharespost in their recent report “The Rise of Unicorn Funds”.
And much of this continues to remain unspent.
According to Preqin, a data aggregation platform for the alternative assets industry, nearly $200 billion in dry powder is available amongst VC investors to put to work. This is likely to continue to support private venture-backed companies.
Moreover, most of the capital raised in recent years seems to have gone disproportionately to a more concentrated selection of larger funds.
In many ways, the venture investing space has seen a similar “culling of the herd” that the technology companies have themselves experienced.
As the charts below indicate, the number of new funds raised seems to have peaked in Q1 2015, whilst the total dollar amount flowing into the venture space continues to grow healthily.
If this is true, the future is likely to bode well for the Unicorns. After all, larger funds will need to invest in increasingly larger companies to justify the ticket sizes. And there are not many private technology companies that can soak up that much capital.
“Unicorn funds” help sustain Unicorn companies and their respective valuations.
Was 2016 Even Really That Bad?
Despite all the negative news coming out of the space over the course of last year, we cannot help but think that 2016 was actually not as bad as it might seem.
First of all, despite the scandals and cent-on-the-dollar exits (e.g. Gilt Groupe and One Kings Lane), taken as the whole the Unicorn basket continued to perform rather well.
Forbes, which famously dismissed bubble concerns at the end of the 2015, revisited their case a year later and found that the basket of “Americorns” (US-based Unicorns) they had been tracking had grown in valuation by seven percent. This was of course heavily influenced by a few outliers, notably Uber, but even excluding these the portfolio was up 2.2 percent.
Moreover, despite the scarcity of technology IPOs, those that did go public seemed to have done quite well.
Twilio, Cotiviti, Blackline, Line and others are all seeing strong performance in the public markets which is no doubt contributing to the increase in the number of expected IPOs for the year.
And for all the downround stories, there were a multitude of fundraising rounds amongst the club of Unicorns that were completed at higher valuations than their previous ones. Amongst these are Snap, Lyft, Slack, and Magic Leap (although the latter is now embroiled in a fresh scandal of its own).
To be clear, we are not stating that the skeptics are wrong and that the members of the Unicorn Club deserve their valuations.
We are saying that the underlying dynamics that contributed to the growth in the Unicorn Club seem not to have changed much. If anything, they have improved (particularly on the public markets side of the equation).
As long as private venture capital and growth funds continue to be awash with capital, we don't imagine a dramatic bursting of the bubble (if there is one), as many in the industry have been foreseeing.
Why Does This Matter for You?
With the above in mind, how should you position yourself in 2017? This depends heavily on one's involvement with the sector.
For entrepreneurs, our overall assessment is that the picture hasn't really changed much. Fundraising prospects continue to look good. The principal difference is that whilst 3-4 years ago raising capital was probably almost exclusively a growth story, 2016's reality check has helped remind everyone in the space that other business fundamentals matter.
Make sure to focus on all the underlying fundamentals of your business: profitability (or the path to profitability), unit economics, customer retention, employee satisfaction, etc. But don't be fooled, growth continues to be the most important metric for venture investors and the one that you'll need to optimize for in your fundraising efforts.
For senior employees at venture-backed companies that are focused on stock-based compensation, the picture is a little bleaker. Private-market funding rounds have in many cases not proven particularly beneficial in this regard since the headline-grabbing valuations have often come at a price.
In an effort to avoid downrounds and maintain Unicorn status, new funding often comes with very onerous conditions, for instance liquidation preferences that mean that employee stock-options are likely less valuable than their paper valuations may seem.
This is where really doing your homework to try and glean the rights and conditions that investors have in your companies is critical. And be wary of compensation packages overly skewed towards stock.
The Unicorn Party Isn't Over
2016 may indeed have been a cold shower for the Unicorn Club. We learned that when you look under the hood, things aren't always as rosy as they may seem. And continuing doubts loom over the validity of these companies' valuations.
Nevertheless, despite the hiccups, the forces underlying the huge run-up in Unicorn valuations (namely, liquidity in the private funding market) continue to remain strong. And with IPO markets looking likely to finally start opening up to technology companies in 2017, we only see reasons to be optimistic for Unicorns in the year to come.
The music may have quieted down a bit last year, but the party doesn't seem to be over.
Leveraging Facebook Effectively for Your Brand
Growing a modern business and brand requires more than traditional methods of marketing and advertising. Understanding how to implement and utilize social media including Facebook is essential for growth today. Using a few tips and tricks can help to ensure you are on the right track for any campaign you have in mind for your brand with the use of Facebook.
Create a Branded Page
Registering a Facebook page for your brand is a quick way to help others contact and locate more information about your business. Maintaining the same URL, name and look for all social media pages along with your official website is essential to gain trust and a positive reputation from followers and potential customers.
Use Updated Imagery
Using well-designed logos and other images to capture your products, services and brand as a whole is also essential when looking to leverage followers and the number of users on Facebook. The more visually appealing a brand is, the easier it becomes to attract new sales and generate leads from those who are genuinely interested in your business and what it has to offer.
Posting Consistency
Consistent updates are key when looking to use Facebook effectively while building a brand whether you are launching a start up company or looking to take an existing business to the next level of growth and success. Create a posting schedule to ensure your visitors do not go without updates and new content. Sharing relevant, unique and interesting content published by your brand is also beneficial as it provides potential customers with additional reasons to trust and stay loyal to your company.
Utilize Facebook's Ad Platform
Getting familiar with the ad platform offered by Facebook is also necessary when you want to reach an extended target market or demographic. Facebook's ad platform gives individuals the opportunity to choose the market you want to reach while also adding specifics of age, gender and location to guarantee you are hitting the mark once you choose to run the campaign and launch your ads live.
Taking the time to learn more about Facebook and its advertising methods is a way to not only gain insight into your brand, but also into the audience and demographic you want to reach. The more you understand your target consumers the easier it is to begin building the solid reputation and credibility you need to reach higher levels of success in any industry.
Following in the footsteps of his elder brother Yuri, and with the blessing of his father, it was decided that Vitaly would become an actor. So in 1959 he was accepted into a theatrical school where he trained under N. A. Annenkov, and also with Boris Markovich Kazan. He went to work in a variety of theatres and worked alongside the likes of J. Baryshev, M. Fomina, T. Ryzhova, M. Kononov, V. Pavlov. Amongst his favorite performances was his role in Your Uncle Misha where he made a friend of the remarkable actor V. Hohrjakov.
When work in the theatre flagged, the cinema beckoned. Solomin made his film debut as Cyril in The Elder Sister (1966). In it he played alongside actors such M.Zharov, T.Doronina. He also made a particular impression with his performance in director Junnikov's Every Dog Has His Day (1973). Although working continually in films, Solomin continued to perform in theatrical circles and enjoyed some success in a performance of Uncle Vanya .
On television, Solomin had also made a solid impact with leading roles in Igor Maslennikov's series The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson which brought him further roles in both The Winter Cherries and Queen of Spades . While working as Doctor Watson in the popular Sherlock Holmes series, he became a close friend of co-star Vasily Livanov, whom he considered one of his favorite actors.
In 1995-1996. V.Solomin tried his hand at directing with the film Hunting . He received fair recognition for his work and a designation as a - National Actor of Russia (1991), and was the winner of the Premium of Moscow (1998). He was a member of the Union of Theatrical Figures and the Union of Cinematographers of Russia.
Vitaly Solomin was hospitalized on April 23, 2002 after suffering a massive stroke. It happened in the Malyi Theatre in Moscow during a performance of Wedding of Krechinsky a play he was directing.
He was rushed to the Sklifosovsky Hospital and underwent surgery but remained in intensive care until his death on May 27, 2002. He was 60.
Some 20 per cent of Canada's spiralling health-care costs can be directly attributed to low income and education levels, a new report says.
And reducing the innate health risks that poverty carries requires lifting the socioeconomic status of the country's poorest people, according to a Health Council of Canada report.
“There is a direct correlation (between) low incomes, low socioeconomic status and health,” council head John Abbott says.
“And when you look at the pressures on the health-care system, who is using the system, it tends to be that very same group.”
The link between low income levels and chronic diseases like type-2 diabetes and heart disease is well established, Abbott concedes. Yet the factors that make poverty itself a health risk will remain endemic among the poor unless the socioeconomic gaps themselves are closed, he says.
From left: Artist Rihanna launches 'Nude by Rihanna' at Macy's Westfield Century City on December 1, 2012 in Century City, California. (Photo by Jason Merritt/Getty Images)/Singer Chris Brown attends the 40th American Music Awards held at Nokia Theatre L.A. Live on November 18, 2012 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Jason Merritt/Getty Images)
Once upon a time, Chris Brown and Rihanna were together. Then they were apart, and then, well, they were together again.
To hear Brown tell it, that means that RiRi's vagina actually outright belongs to him. While at a party at the Emerson Theatre last week, Brown had the following message for fellow revelers:
"You GOTTA say that one thing to her ... Don't make me have to tell you again, that's my pussy baby! ... so you better not give it away...So every person in this motherfucking building, if you got a bad bitch you better say that shit to her..."
But now, he's backtracking, saying that he was simply quoting a lovely romantic song. According to TMZ, when questioned about the remarks, he said, "It's a song ... it's a song ... that's all it is."
Got that? It's just a song, guys. Which makes it ALL OKAY.
I remember everything!
I remember every little thing as if it happened only yesterday
I was barely seventeen and I once killed a boy with a Fender guitar
I don't remember if it was a Telecaster or a Stratocaster
But I do remember that it had a heart of chrome and a voice like a horny angel!
I don't remember if it was a Telecaster or a Stratocaster
But I do remember that it wasn't at all easy
It required the perfect combination of the right power chords
And the precise angle from which to strike
The guitar bled for a week afterward and the blood was - ooh -
Dark and rich like wild berries
The blood of the guitar was Chuck Berry red
The guitar bled for about a week afterward
But it has rung out beautifully
And I was able to play notes that I had never even heard before
So, I took my guitar and I smashed it against the wall
I smashed it against the floor
I smashed it against the body of a varsity cheerleader
I smashed it against the hood of a car
I smashed it against a 1981 Harley-Davidson
The Harley howled in pain
The guitar howled in heat -
And I ran up the stairs to my parents' bedroom
Mommy and Daddy were sleeping in the moonlight
Slowly I opened the door, creeping in the shadows
Right up to the foot of their bed
I raised the guitar high above my head
And just as I was about to bring the guitar crashing down upon the center of the bed
My father woke up screaming:
"Stop! Wait a minute! Stop it boy! What do you think you're doing?
"That's no way to treat an expensive musical instrument!"
And I said "God dammit Daddy!
"You know I love you
"But you've got a hell of a lot to learn about rock and roll!"
When online, you always come across one basic fact: That content is king.
For B2B companies, this is one statement they couldn't risk ignoring.
Understandably, content has a lot to contribute in a lead generation campaign. Enterprises make it a very big deal promoting their blog posts and visual material to build their brand and their following. But with an immense volume of information floating in cyberspace, producing content that effectively stand out from all the clutter forms an immense (and too often grueling) part of brand building.
Don't get your hopes down, though. There are tons of ways B2B companies can do to enhance the quality of their message right off the bat and using only minimal investments in time and money.
George Irish has detailed four effective practices applied in a demand generation campaign in his article for Strategis.
#1: Marry your brand. If your company doesn't know who it is, prospects won't, either. A consistent voice and feel needs to be woven through every one of your campaigns. Marketing must decide on the branding, and stick with it. If this is difficult, consulting a professional inbound marketing agency is a superb way to leap this hurdle.
What you Must Learn about Inbound Marketing and Self-education http://t.co/6JSkCzW9Oo via @belindasummers — Ron Sela (@ronsela) May 10, 2015
#2. Create buyer-centric messages. B2B demand generation strategy will be successful if you strive to reach your specific buyer with information they find valuable. Understanding your buyer is vital to every lead generation initiative.
#3: Test the results. The only way to turn a tepid campaign red hot is to test. Analyze every campaign, see which ones are rocking and which ones are sinking, and try to put a finger on the specific components that turn your customers' heads. Is it a color? A particular email layout? A certain subject? The answers to these questions are gold.
How to Conduct Effective Market Research to Construct Better Marketing Strategies http://t.co/uScCFkMl8T — Sandra Crowe (@SandraCrowe9) April 13, 2015
#4: Slice up those clients. Not literally! A well-developed B2B demand generation strategy demands correctly segmented buyers. Throwing all the buyers together and creating generic messages will light nobody's fire, and the sales funnel will stay empty. Segmented lists allow marketers to precisely target potential clients with delicious messaging that will keep them coming back for more.
Want Guaranteed Success? Find Your Target Market So your Content … http://t.co/KEBgV1pzLA via @CrazyEgg @tommyismyname — Tom Southern (@CopyByTom) May 6, 2015
Attract more IT leads through great branding and marketing lessons. Learn more!
As previously reported, Tim Heidecker and comedy partner Eric Wareheim have a new project with Adult Swim called Tim & Eric's Bedtime Stories, an anthology series in the Twilight Zone vein that finally has a debut date. The pilot will, appropriately enough, debut at midnight on Halloween, following Zach Galifianakis and Tim & Eric as they move into a haunted house in order to claim their grandfather's inheritance.
Meanwhile, Paul Scheer and fellow NTSF:SD:SUV:: writers Jonathan Stern and Curtis Gwinn expand Adult Swim's quarter-hour parody series empire with their pilot for Filthy Sexy Teen$ (safe for work unless you forget the dollar sign), a send-up of shows like Gossip Girl and Pretty Little Liars. It hasn't been ordered to series yet, but with NTSF cast members like Kate Mulgrew also committed to Orange Is The New Black and June Diane Raphael's multiple projects with writing partner Casey Wilson in development, Adult Swim might be wise to start branching out into Scheer's other projects. The pilot stars Wilson, Steven Yuen, Chris Parnell, and True Blood's Marshall Allman, and airs in lieu of a new NTSF this Thursday night, October 10.
It's a story that people around the nation have become all too familiar with.
The Colts fall behind early after a sluggish offensive first half before Andrew Luck '12 takes charge and leads the Colts to glory. We've learned to never count the Colts out regardless of how slowly they start. Week 1 of the 2014 NFL season was more of the same, though Indianapolis ultimately fell just short in a 31-24 defeat to the Denver Broncos at Mile High Stadium.
Peyton Manning and the Broncos jumped out to a 24-0 lead in the first half behind a career day from wide receiver Julius Thomas. The deficit certainly didn't faze Luck, who ran the subsequent two-minute drill to perfection. He and the Colts drove 71 yards on eight plays before hitting paydirt on the ninth, when Luck made highlight reels by scrambling out of the pocket after finding no open receivers and diving from the 3-yard line to nick the right pylon for a touchdown before his knee touched out of bounds. At 24-7 heading into halftime, the momentum had begun to swing in favor of the Colts.
And after Indianapolis was stuffed on fourth-and-goal early in the third quarter, Luck was able to orchestrate three more scoring drives, including a bullet to the back of the end zone that bounced off of a defensive back's hands into the waiting arms of Hakeem Nicks to pull the Colts within one score with 3:26 left to play. And when Denver went three-and-out on the ensuing possession, Luck had one final shot at late heroics to send a tough road matchup into overtime before a Bradley Roby pass breakup on fourth-and-6 brought the Colts' comeback hopes crashing down.
“A lot of mistakes were made,” Luck said after the game. “Especially those early ones, not taking advantage of third downs and getting points. It's tough.”
Despite throwing two interceptions, including one late in the fourth quarter in Denver territory, Luck had a solid statistical game with a 35-of-53 performance for 370 yards and two touchdowns. Although some of his throws were off the mark and he did not have much help from a Trent Richardson-led running game, Luck benefited from the return of a healthy Reggie Wayne and set the tone for a solid passing attack that should again be the focus of the Colts' offense and give him the opportunity to put up big numbers in his third year in the league.
***
Two of the Cardinal's former Tree Amigos had solid performances in week 1, as tight ends Zach Ertz '13 and Levine Toilolo '13 each caught a touchdown for their respective teams, the Eagles and the Falcons, and combined for six catches.
Ertz cemented himself in the Eagles' rotation as he played 60 percent of the offensive snaps and lined up all around the formation after starting in the slot. He finished the game as the Eagles' second-leading receiver with his three catches for 77 yards, including a late third-quarter touchdown reception that brought Philadelphia within three points as the Eagles mounted an aggressive second-half comeback by notching 34 unanswered points to down the Jacksonville Jaguars 34-17.
On the other side, for the Jaguars, Toby Gerhart '10 had an unremarkable game in his first performance as a starting tailback, notching 18 carries for 42 yards and an average of just 2.3 yards per carry, leaving the game with an ankle injury at one point. Gerhart is expected to remain Jacksonville's starting running back for the season after spending the first few years of his career backing up Adrian Peterson in Minnesota.
Toilolo caught three passes for 19 yards running almost exclusively underneath routes, leading to success in the red zone and a receiving touchdown as his Atlanta Falcons benefited from two late long field goals to ultimately win an overtime thriller against the Saints by a 37-34 final score.
The final member of the Tree Amigos, the C0lts' Coby Fleener '12, had a less distinguished week. He caught three passes for 21 yards but showed less explosiveness and less polished play than counterpart Dwayne Allen, who notched 64 yards on four receptions and will look to be Indianapolis' primary tight end target as the season moves forward.
A former teammate of the Amigos, running back Stepfan Taylor '13, also notched a key score for his team, the Arizona Cardinals. He rushed just once for five yards but accounted for three receptions for 21 yards, including a touchdown on which the play broke down and quarterback Carson Palmer scrambled right before finding Taylor open in the corner of the end zone. The score marked the first career touchdown for Stanford's all-time leading rusher. Arizona would go on to win an 18-17 nail-biter over the Chargers on Monday Night Football.
***
One former Stanford player noticeably absent from his game's box score was the most notorious All-Pro Stanford graduate in the league: cornerback Richard Sherman '10. In the Seahawks' 36-16 blowout of the Green Bay Packers on Thursday night, Aaron Rodgers and Green Bay played keepaway from Sherman by matching him against wide receiver Jarrett Boykin and not even thinking about targeting him, effectively only using half of the field in their passing attack. On the other side, top receiver Jordy Nelson matched up against Byron Maxwell, who ended up accounting for the only interception of the game.
“It's rare. It's very rare. I don't think that was their game plan,” Sherman said. “I think they wanted to see if I would travel and follow Jordy and all that. But we don't mess with the integrity of our defense. We do what works for us and we make them move around us and that's what we forced them to do tonight.”
Contact Do-Hyoung Park at dpark027 ‘at' stanford.edu.
Setting foot on the moon for the first time was perhaps one of the biggest technological, scientific and political achievements of our age. So what better way to celebrate, after exploring that new lunar landscape, than with bacon?
After leaping around in low gravity, taking photographs, and mumbling about small steps and giant leaps, Neil Armstrong and "Buzz" Aldrin sat down to a meal of bacon cubes, according to Amy Shira Teitel on her Vintage Space blog. She explains:
[B]acon cubes were among the meals stored in the lunar module. And it worked out that meal A, the first scheduled meal to be eaten on the Moon, consisted of bacon squares, peaches, sugar cookie cubes, pineapple grapefruit drink and coffee. They ate history's first meal on Moon slightly ahead of schedule after landing at the Sea of Tranquility.
Advertisement
It wasn't, however, a particularly rare treat for the pair. It turns out that, like any good U.S. organization, NASA has somewhat of a love affair with bacon. Breakfast often features bacon squares in space, and apparently Canadian Bacon and applesauce is a particular astronaut favorite.
Indeed, during the Apollo 7 mission, astronaut Walt Cunningham once commented to Bill Pogue during breakfast that "Happiness is a package of bacon squares on day 10." Amen. [PopSci via Smithsonian]
Image by Orin under Creative Commons license
Weather permitting, on Thursday, Oct. 22, and Friday, Oct. 23, a MassDOT contractor will install a temporary pavement layer over the entire length of Beacon St. as an interim measure to improve roadway conditions prior to the full-scale reconstruction project.
Work will be conducted between the hours of 9 a.m. and approximately 9 p.m. each day, and will require the full closure of Beacon St. to all vehicles and bicycles, in two phases. Phase I on Thursday will close Beacon St. between Oxford St. and Washington St. Phase II on Friday will close Beacon St. between Washington St. and the Cambridge line. Detours will be well marked, and Somerville police officers will be stationed in the area to assist with detours and other traffic information. Restriping will occur the week following the repaving.
During this time, there will be no parking available on Beacon St. Abutters and residents on Beacon St. and dead-end roads connected to Beacon St. are advised to find alternate parking before repaving begins for the duration of the repaving of their section of Beacon St. Residents with accessibility issues are advised to call 311.
For a list of detour routes and other information about the Beacon St. Reconstruction Project, visit www.somervillema.gov/beaconstreet. If you have questions, please call 311, or 617-666-3311. We thank you for your understanding as we work to improve the conditions on Beacon St. prior to the spring reconstruction project.
Detours and No Parking zones will be marked with signage, and police details will assist with traffic flow and detour information. MBTA bus routes will be diverted - please visit mbta.com for information.
Peshawar: US drones on Wednesday fired missiles at a compound and vehicle and killed at least eight militants in a restive Pakistani tribal area bordering Afghanistan, officials said.
The attack happened in the border village of Lawara Mandi, 60 kilometres west of Miranshah which is the main town in North Waziristan tribal district, where the Pakistani military has been fighting to destroy longstanding bases of the Taliban and other militants.
“US drones fired two missiles each at a compound and a vehicle and at least eight militants were killed,” a senior security official told AFP on condition of anonymity.
“There are two Uzbeks among the dead militants identified so far,” the official said, adding that the vehicle was near the compound when missiles hit it.
Security officials in the neighbouring garrison town of Bannu and Miranshah confirmed the drone attack and casualties and said it happened at around 3.30 am on Wednesday.
Pakistan's semi-autonomous tribal areas on the Afghan border have for years been a hideout for Islamist militants of all stripes — including Al Qaida and the homegrown Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) as well as foreign fighters such as Uzbeks and Uighurs.
Washington pressed Islamabad for years to wipe out the sanctuaries in North Waziristan, which militants have used to launch attacks on Nato forces in neighbouring Afghanistan.
The assault by Pakistan's military was launched in mid-June after a dramatic attack by militants on Karachi airport, which killed dozens of people and marked the end of a faltering peace process with the Pakistani Taliban.
More than 1,000 militants and 86 soldiers have been killed in the assault so far, according to the military. The area is off-limits to journalists, making it impossible to verify the number and identity the dead independently.
Pakistan routinely protests against US drone strikes, which have been targeting militants in the tribal areas since 2004, saying they are violated its sovereignty and are counterproductive in the fight against terror.
But most analysts believe the resumption of the drone programme after it was suspended — reportedly to give Pakistan space for negotiations with the Taliban — is evidence of collusion between the two countries.
The Islamabad government and military officials strongly deny this.
The assault has forced more than 800,000 people to flee North Waziristan, with most ending up in the nearby town of Bannu.
There have been fears that many top militants also fled, including fighters from the feared Haqqani network which is blamed for numerous bloody attacks in Afghanistan.
By the time Darryl Henderson found himself sleeping on an elevated concrete loading slab behind a shabby convenience store in this poor, small town at the south end of Lake Okeechobee, he had reached an end.
He was homeless and far, far away from what few services are available in Palm Beach County.
His right leg amputated just above the knee, Henderson at age 43 could not walk, much less work. He had no prosthetic, and the motorized cart he used — on those rare occasions he felt motivated to move anywhere — was beaten up and too small for his 400-plus pounds.
So Henderson was resolved to stay where he was, sweating out the increasingly hot days and sleeping within three feet of a dumpster.
It would take the work of a sergeant with the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office, a well-connected and persistent County Commission aide and an unexpected act of generosity from a childhood acquaintance to give Henderson a chance at something different.
•••
Palm Beach County's homeless population includes people from many walks of life. For some, illness or a job loss put them on the street. Others got there through drug or alcohol abuse. Still others are on the street through violence, bad decisions or bad luck.
It's hard to pinpoint the moment when Darryl Henderson's journey to that concrete slab in South Bay began.
He grew up in the Glades town, an athletic boy who thought he might be a professional athlete some day.
"My P.E. teacher, he saw that I had a good throwing arm," Henderson recently recalled. "When we played football, they always picked me to be the quarterback."
He had been adopted by older parents after having been placed in foster care when he was, he guesses now, around 2 years old. He had been told his mother was Bahamian; he knew nothing of his father.
"I don't know what happened to them," he said.
Henderson remembers that his adoptive parents were loving, particularly his mother, who doted on him and his younger brother, whom his parents had also adopted. The boys got much of whatever it is they wanted from parents who refused them little.
"If it didn't happen now, it would happen in a little while," Henderson remembers of how his parents provided for him as a child.
One day — Henderson said he doesn't remember how old he was — Henderson's mother told him to get her checkbook so she could pay bills. He flipped through the pages of that checkbook and was shocked by what he saw.
"I saw that she had nothing," he said. "I decided that football was out the window. I looked at other things that were needed right then, and that was money."
Then, as now, drugs were a dangerous fact of life in the Glades, and Henderson found a niche in that underworld. He'd sell drugs — "crack for the black people; powder for the white" — but he'd sell to people who were passing through, truck drivers, waitresses, out of towners.
"That kept people from telling my momma I was selling drugs," Henderson said.
By the time he was 20, Henderson and his younger brother were well-established dope dealers. Henderson said he appreciated the easy money but never felt comfortable in the lifestyle and was always worried his parents would learn what he was doing.
He also would go rabbit hunting and sell what he killed to people he knew in Miami.
"It was like a break from the streets," he said.
In January 1995, returning from a trip to Miami to sell rabbits, Henderson stopped at a bar to get a set of keys from his brother. Friends there told him that his brother had been picked up by police and was in jail.
One buddy, Sly, offered to give him a ride to his home. Neither man made it there.
As Sly's car approached the home where Henderson lived with his parents, men brandishing shotguns surrounded the car and demanded that they get out. They complied, Sly on his side and Henderson on the other.
Whatever the men wanted, Henderson thought, he'd give it up.
"Don't buck the jack," he said, explaining that the term meant not talking tough to a man with a gun pointed at you.
Then all hell broke loose.
"I heard gunshots on (Sly's) side of the car," Henderson said. "I was like, ‘Man, they shot Sly.' I heard a guy at the back of the car say, ‘Blast they ass!'"
The men fired five shots into Henderson, one in his left leg, another in his left arm and five into his right leg. Sly hauled himself up and went for help, passing, Henderson remembers ruefully, house after house while he lay bleeding. An uncle rushed to Henderson as he lay on the ground and whispered to him, trying to keep him calm.
"I never, ever passed out," Henderson said.
First responders called for a helicopter to fly Henderson to St. Mary's Medical Center in West Palm Beach.
Bleeding and in searing pain, Henderson said a new fear gripped him when he saw the helicopter and its pilot.
"I asked the man, ‘Can you drive me to Palm Beach County?' I was scared of heights," Henderson said. "The man said, ‘Nah, I think you want to take this ride right here.'"
•••
Darryl Henderson at the South Bay home of a childhood friend, Taurance Lovely. (Wayne Washington/The Palm Beach Post)
Palm Beach Post Staff Writer
When Henderson woke up at St. Mary's, he had a pin in his right leg, pain everywhere and guilt weighing down on him. Sitting at home with his mother some nights, they'd hear gunshots and he'd see his mother cringe.
He himself had been shot not far from home. Had his mother cringed hearing him get shot?
"To know that she heard the gunfire, that it was 15 feet from the house, that's what hurt me," Henderson said.
In addition to the guilt and pain, Henderson had another battle to fight. Doctors had managed to stabilize him without amputating his right leg, but the gunshot wounds weren't healing properly.
A doctor pulled up to his bedside one day. "He said, ‘Have you ever heard of gangrene?' About three days later, I made the decision."
Henderson was 20 years old.
It was a terrible call to have to make, but Henderson said he thought back to the moment those men pointed guns at him.
"When I was on the ground, I had made the decision I want to live now," he said. "I want to live."
Surgeons removed the portion of Henderson's leg just below his knee. Later, they had to perform a second amputation on the same leg, this one just above the knee.
His mother had visited him in the hospital, but she waited until he got home to say what was on her mind.
"When I got home, the first counsel I had was, she said, ‘Son, stop selling those drugs,'" Henderson said.
He did — for a time. He sold videotapes and CDs, a hustle that brought in some money. He started selling drugs again, but he couldn't fly under the radar as he had before.
His parents died. He had a daughter (who now lives with her mother's family). With no obvious, legal way to earn money, the temptation to sell drugs was strong.
"I got back in the street," he said. "This time, the police was on me so heavy, I left that.
"I kept saying to myself, ‘Who's going to take care of my daughter if I go to jail?'"
But his brother hadn't stopped selling drugs when a police officer gave Henderson a warning.
"He told me, ‘"If we knock your momma's door down and if we find drugs, we're going to take that house,'" Henderson said.
Henderson and his brother sold their parents' home and split the proceeds. Henderson then bounced around, from Sarasota to Tampa and back again to the Glades. He fathered another child, a son who also now lives with relatives of his mother.
Selling fruits and vegetables, CDs and movies and augmenting that money with Supplemental Security Income from the federal government, Henderson stayed with friends, rented an apartment for as long as his money held and even stayed for a time in a nursing home in Greenacres.
His plan was to use money from an insurance plan to rent a place when he was discharged from the nursing home, but that money never came through. When he was discharged in April, he had no place to go.
•••
The concrete loading slab where Darryl Henderson slept in South Bay before a sheriff's sergeant, a County Commission aide and an old friend found him a place to live. (Wayne Washington/The Palm Beach Post)
Palm Beach Post Staff Writer
Taurance Lovely was among those who passed by Henderson as he lay on that convenience store loading dock in South Bay for a few weeks.
But one day, Lovely stopped. He couldn't pass by anymore, he said.
"I didn't know he was sleeping out there until I saw him with blankets," said Lovely, who knew Henderson when both were boys in South Bay. "All his so-called friends and family, they actually looked at him and kept going. I stopped. I don't know. It was on my heart."
Lovely resolved to stay with Henderson until someone, anyone, came to help.
"I told him that's it," Lovely said. "I didn't know what I was going to do."
Lovely said the store's owner called the sheriff's office to have Henderson removed from the property. Henderson was lucky, Lovely said, that Sgt. Richard Angelo handled the case.
"When the officer came, he was more concerned for him rather than responding to the call," Lovely said.
Angelo didn't ticket Henderson or take him to jail. He called Alicia (Lisa) Wilson, a Belle Glade-based aide to Commissioner Melissa McKinlay, whose district includes the Glades.
Wilson had worked in social services for 28 years. She is also the wife of Belle Glade Mayor Steve Wilson.
Alicia Wilson, who grew up in Belle Glade but did not know Henderson personally, called colleagues in the county, and its Homeless Outreach Team was dispatched to help.
The HOT team reached out to an assisted living facility in Belle Glade, but it would not take Henderson because his income was too low and he was not mobile enough to care of himself.
The team then tried a skilled nursing facility, but it, too, declined to take Henderson, believing that he was rehabilitated from his gunshot wounds and was not ill.
Area hotels would not take him, and the Lewis Center in West Palm Beach, the county's primary facility for the homeless, said it did not have the means to care for a person of Henderson's size and disability.
James Green, director of the county's Community Services Department, said privacy rules prevent him from speaking about the specifics of Henderson's case. But he said there are a range of factors that make it hard to help a person get off the streets.
The people the county tries to help don't always want to go to a place that's been offered to them.
"That happens more times than you would believe," Green said.
A homeless person might have a small income stream he doesn't want to completely exhaust to pay for housing, Green said. Sometimes, the person might not want to be placed outside of the county or sent to a far-away location in the county.
And then there is the issue of the county's housing stock. The issue there, Green said, isn't simply a matter of finding a place for someone.
"The question is, ‘Are there affordable places?'" Green said. "Are there apartments out there? Absolutely. Can they afford them? That's been the problem."
Green said the county, which held a housing summit on Wednesday, is eager to work with landlords who have affordable housing units.
Wilson said there is a need for more clean, safe, affordable housing in the Glades.
"Housing out here is very limited," Wilson. "There is a lot of sub-standard housing."
Wilson continued to make call after call in an effort to get Henderson off the streets.
While she looked for a place where he could live, Henderson was taken to an area recreational facility to get him out of the heat and to undergo a medical evaluation. Because he was having difficulty breathing, he was taken to Lakeside Medical Center in Belle Glade.
Wilson and Lovely are convinced that, had they not intervened when they did, Henderson might have died from heat exhaustion or a fall from the elevated concrete slab.
While Henderson was in the hospital, Wilson got a telephone call.
It was Lovely, who told her he'd take Henderson in temporarily if she was unable to find a permanent place for him.
"I told him, ‘It's too much. I can't ask you to do that,'" Wilson said.
But Lovely, whose South Bay home and financial means are modest at best, insisted. After a few days in the hospital, Henderson was released to Lovely's care.
Wilson is still working on finding a place where Henderson can live.
Henderson said he is grateful for the help he has received and hopes some day to be able to serve as an example to young people of how poor decisions can change the course of your life. He has told Wilson and other county officials that he knows he brought some of his troubles on himself.
But that hasn't altered Wilson's desire to help.
"I just feel like everybody has a moral obligation to help the next man," she said. "What struck me was he was disabled. I don't think anybody should live like that. Humans shouldn't live like that."
Three of the bodies were found inside a British-registered BMW estate car, while the body of a male cyclist was found nearby in what was described as a “dramatic” crime scene.
The girl was found seriously injured next to the car when emergency crews arrived at the woodland car park near Chevaline, close to Lake Annecy in the French Alps.
A British cyclist is understood to have discovered the bodies at 3.50pm yesterday, and is now helping police despite being badly shaken.
(AFP/Getty Images)
One police source said the cyclist had “stumbled across a massacre”, adding that the dead appeared to have been victims of a “deliberate assassination”. Cartridges found at the scene appeared to show that the gunshots came from outside the vehicle.
The Foreign Office said that it was investigating the reports in order to dispatch staff from the nearest British consulate in Marseille to Grenoble where the young girl was in hospital. It could not say for certain if the victims were British. The British embassy in Paris was liaising with UK police.
One theory being investigated is that the occupants of the car may have been targeted because they were in an expensive vehicle, and were tricked into pulling off the road before robbery turned to murder. Police believe the cyclist who was found dead may have tried to intervene when he witnessed an armed robbery taking place.
Eric Maillaud, the investigating prosecutor from Annecy, said: “Two men and two women are the victims. The car is a British-registered BMW estate. One of the male victims was a cyclist. He was found near his bike in his cycling gear. The other man was in the driving seat of the car. The two women were in the back of the car.
“It is a dramatic crime scene like we see on the TV. There is a large number of gun cartridges at the crime scene.”
A police spokesman said a “young girl probably under the age of 10” was airlifted to hospital after being “seriously injured by gunfire”. The spokesman added: “We are looking at the possibility that the three dead people in the car and the young girl were all from the same family. A full multiple murder investigation is under way.”
No firearms were found either inside or near to the vehicle, the officer said.
Firemen who were the first officials to arrive on the scene found the three bodies in the car, which had bullet holes in the bodywork.
Annecy prosecutor Eric Maillaud answers to journalists on the road leading to the scene of the shooting (AFP/Getty Images)
Didier Berthollet, the mayor of Chevaline, told a local newspaper that “the victims were not from the village”. He added: “We have never seen such horror on our doorsteps before. The police have interviewed everyone in the village hoping to find a witness. There are only 70 homes, so it didn't take them long.”
Residents reportedly saw a white car leaving the area at speed between 3pm and 4pm. The car park in the Combe d'Ire forest, which is four miles from the nearest house, is often used by walkers who leave their cars there before setting off. Earlier this summer the Foreign Office warned British tourists driving on the Continent that they were regarded as “easy targets” by gangs which staged accidents to make them stop before robbing them. A French police officer said: “It's the time of year, the thieves go for tourists who they see as rich.”
Lake Annecy is a popular Alpine resort and attracts thousands of British and foreign tourists every summer. The second largest lake in France, it is marketed as a place of “serenity and relaxation”. Known as the “Venice of the Alps” the area is popular with cyclists, water skiers, hikers and campers.
France recently tightened its laws on illegal firearms amid a worrying rise in the use of guns by criminals. In July a gunman using an assault rifle shot dead two people and injured five at a nightclub in Lille after being turned away. In March, Mohammed Merah, who claimed to be linked to al-Qaeda, killed four people at a Jewish school and three soldiers in southern France. He was killed after a 32-hour siege in Toulouse.
Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) was similarly ornery during the battle earlier this year to repeal Obamacare, although he ultimately ended up voting in favor of the GOP's health care plans. | Getty First Republican senator breaks with GOP on tax bill
Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin said Wednesday that he does not support the current versions of the Senate and House GOP's tax bills — becoming the first Republican senator to outright oppose the party's plan to overhaul the tax system.
Johnson said in a statement that he objects to the bills' treatment of businesses known as pass-throughs, whose owners pay taxes on their companies through the individual side of the tax code.
Story Continued Below
“These businesses truly are the engines of innovation and job creation throughout our economy, and they should not be left behind. Unfortunately, neither the House nor Senate bill provide fair treatment, so I do not support either in their current versions," Johnson said. "I do, however, look forward to working with my colleagues to address the disparity so I can support the final version.”
Johnson, a not-unfamiliar headache for GOP leaders, first made his opposition known to the Wall Street Journal.
The senator, who co-founded a small manufacturing business before getting into politics, told the publication that he believes the Republican plan benefits corporations — which will see their tax rates drop from 35 percent to 20 percent under the proposal – over pass-throughs.
“I have no problems in making all American businesses competitive globally,” Johnson told the Journal. “This isn't anti-big corporation at all. When you're going to do a tax reform, you have to treat them equitably so they can maintain their competitive position here at home as we're making them competitive globally.”
Johnson's concerns have been well telegraphed.
He was visibly frustrated following the Senate Republican Conference meeting where GOP leaders unveiled the Senate tax reform bill's broad strokes last week. Then, he told reporters he particularly objected to the bill's treatment of pass-throughs, a broad range of businesses owned by a small group of people that can range from self-owned small businesses to the Trump Organization.
“I don't think what they're doing with pass-throughs is the right approach,” Johnson said following the meeting, though at the time he said he had “no red lines.”
Earlier Wednesday, Johnson also complained to reporters on Capitol Hill about how Republican leadership has handled the tax overhaul efforts, saying: “It's not a good process.
The Wisconsin senator was similarly ornery during the battle earlier this year to repeal Obamacare, although he ultimately ended up voting in favor of the GOP's health care plans.
Bernie Becker contributed to this report.
Facebook could mint BitCoins in the browser with JavaScript and your GPU
While the cloud and it's massive capacity to perform computation on a scale is impressive, it's good to remember that the our clients are not dumb terminals like they were in the early days of mainframe computing.
Your average smartphone packs a punch and with JavaScript, it could be harnessed by malicious crimilals or simply large web providers such as Facebook to perform calculations for profit.
BitCoins are a form of currency that require computation power to be earned. Once a BitCoin has been created it's value will depend on the general value of the virtual currency. The amount of computation done for one individual BitCoin grows over time, so earning becomes evermore laboursome.
This is where large web operators could hook into their clients to use their computation power in their advantage. Projects such as [email protected] and Distributed.net applied distributed computing a long time ago, but required a separate client application to perform the computing.
With today's powerful JavaScript engines running into computers, heavy computation can be done distributedly in browsers. The GPU is a dedicated chip to perform graphics processing, but it is also very efficient at creating BitCoins.
With JavaScript libraries such as WebMonkeys, running a distributed BitCoin Crypto-currency mining operation using client GPU's is within reach of pretty much anyone with basic JavaScript skills:
monkeys.set("blockhash", [blockhash]); monkeys.set("monkeyNonce", monkeyNonce); monkeys.set("result", [0]); monkeys.work(totalMonkeys, ` const float attempts = ${attemptsPerMonkey.toFixed(1)}; float bhash = blockhash(0); float startNonce = monkeyNonce(i); float mined = 0.0; for (float nonce = startNonce; nonce < startNonce+attempts; ++nonce){ // Yes, this hash function is stupid float hash = mod(bhash * (nonce+1.0), pow(2.0,31.0) - 1.0); if (hash >= 0.0 && hash <= 3000.0) mined = nonce; }; result(mined > 0.0 ? 0 : 1) := mined; `); // Will be set if mined a block console.log(monkeys.get("result"));
Malicious attentions aside, providing computation resources might become a form of currency in itself in the future. The Facebook terms of use, for example, could be updated to allow the use of your device resources at their disposal.
You could agree with Facebook that they will have access to 10% of your GPU time when you are connected to a power outlet. The last piece is important, since battery life continues to be an issue for mobile devices. Much more so than CPU or GPU.
This type of distributed on-off computing with long latencies and no guarantee on if a process will ever be completed is not suitable for everything, but it could be useful for a number of things. Duplicating tasks wouldn't really be an issue for Facebook itself as it would not need to pay for the resources of these duplicate calculations.
In the past you could pay with eyeballs through advertising, a part of paying in the future might be paying with computing resources. Individual impact is low, but at large scale it becomes significant. Seems more viable than Facebook turning to Patent Trolling to making a profit.
Whatever benchmarks Bioware's upcoming launch of MMOG Star Wars: The Old Republic (SW:TOR) looks like setting in gameplay, it's already beaten the pack in legalistic control of third-party websites wanting to cover the game.
Any fansites that want Bioware's support – including promos on Twitter, Facebook and the SW:TOR website – must take no money from anywhere. SW:TOR licensee Bioware sent an email to fansites (including the blog operated by this author) demanding they sign an agreement preventing them from running advertising or accepting donations.
More conventional media are left alone. Senior community coordinator for Bioware David Bass, when asked by TOROZ why large sites such as IGN and Wired can run advertising and still be likely to receive promotion by Bioware in some form, whereas ‘fansites' can't, stated:
“There's a big difference between press and fansites. Fansites are those who cover SW:TOR exclusively. IGN and Wired are press, and therefore they have a completely different process (and have to go through EA and Lucas in order to get anything). The benefit of being a fansite is that you get a direct line to BioWare (ie: Me)”.
Bioware's strategy seems to be simple: use the passion for the Star Wars franchise to handcuff fansite operators.
Any group wanting to do more with their site – for example, better-resourced game coverage – needs either to forgo the option of any income to support the analysis, or skip the agreement and go to the back of the queue for information from Bioware.
The true test will come when the game launches and the level of commentary increases. It's hard to foresee any significant amount of well-researched criticism of SW:TOR outside of whichever large media sites bother, and perhaps a handful of dedicated individuals willing to absorb all costs and report the issues for the love of the game. ®
Donate
According to opposition sources, 36 ISIS militants were killed as a result of US-led coalition airstrikes on an ISIS HQ at the Arba'een St. in the city of Mayadeen in Deir Ezzor's countryside.
Aws Al-Ansari, a former commander of Jund Al-Aqsa and a Norwegian terrorist, was allegedly killed in the airstrikes. A Tunisian terrorist Abu Al-Hayjar and a Saudi terrorist Abu al-Walid, high ranking ISIS commanders with a bad reputation, were also reportedly killed.
In Deir Ezzor city violent, clashes continued between the Syrian Army and ISIS in Rushdiya district where, according to local sources, ISIS shelled civilians with mortars in Tawba Mosque, Adnan Akkab School, and Al-Wadi Street. Syrian Air Force jets bombarded ISIS positions inside the city and its surroundings.
According to opposition sources, ISIS fighters have started fortifying Mayadeen City in Deir Ezzor's countryside as a result of the Syrian Army's advances on the eastern fronts and the increasing bombardment of the region by the US-led coalition.
Some reports suggest that the American Coalition is planning an impending offensive on Deir Ezzor province considering that Mayadeen is now ISIS's most important remaining stronghold in both Iraq and Syria after their loss of Mosul and the imminent collapse in Raqqa.
Donate
The Kentucky Wildcats have found a new punter.
According to Prokick Australia, 2018 recruit Max Duffy has committed to UK.
Breaking !!! We are pumped to announce today that Prokick Australia Student @Max__Duffy a former @AFL @freodockers player has accepted a scholarship to punt at @UKFootball in the #SEC. pic.twitter.com/Cm57rlioHc — Prokick Australia (@ProkickAus) November 29, 2017
This is actually a big get for the Cats. According to ProKicker.com, Duffy is the No. 1 punter prospect in the Class of 2018. Right behind him is fellow UK commit Chance Poore, who's expected to be a kicker at UK.
UK is no stranger to having great punters, but they've only begun recently utilizing Australian-rules punters. That began in 2017 with Matt Panton, who came to UK as a graduate transfer from Columbia.
Duffy was once an Australian Football League star, but he recently made the switch to American football in hopes of becoming an NFL punter someday. It looks like he'll be continuing that dream at UK.
You can actually watch some highlights of Duffy punting here, because who doesn't want to watch punter highlights?
Go 'like' our Facebook page and follow our Twitter page to get all of the latest Kentucky Wildcats news and views.
Three new wide releases open up on July 22 this year hoping for strong late summer runs. Paramount will be hoping Star Trek Beyond will be a solid addition to the rebooted franchise and run away with the weekly crown. Fox will offer up the fifth Ice Age film entitled Ice Age: Collision Course with an eye towards the franchise at least continuing its consistent showings of the past. Lastly, Warner Bros. will try its hand at the supernatural genre with Lights Out.
Star Trek Beyond (Paramount)
PROS:
– Star Trek is one of the most iconic franchises of all time, having spawned 12 feature films, numerous popular TV shows and a throng of spin-off merchandise. As far as name recognition worldwide it's right up there with James Bond and Luke Skywalker.
– The rebooted franchise has been a cash cow for Paramount over the past seven years, grossing over $750 million worldwide and handily surpassing all past films in unadjusted grosses.
– Social media awareness has been solid, especially on Twitter where its trailer debuts have easily outpaced those from the last film Star Trek Into Darkness.
CONS:
– The heart and soul of the rebirth of the franchise was director J.J. Abrams, but with his departure as director is a big change that many fans were not pleased with, even if he did stay on as producer.
– The second film could not keep up with the domestic grosses of the original (or match its reviews). Worry is that the third will continue the trend downwards domestically.
Ice Age: Collision Course (Fox)
PROS:
– The Ice Age movies are one of the most consistent family-friendly franchises, with all four films grossing between $160 and $200 million domestically. Fox seems to have the formula for success right here as very few animated franchises have ever been as consistent over as many outings.
– With almost $3 billion worldwide across its four releases to date it is just shy of becoming the highest worldwide grossing animated film franchise of all time (a record currently held by Shrek), a mark it should surpass within a couple weeks of release.
– Two weeks removed from The Secret Life Of Pets and having the family friendly market all to itself until Pete's Dragon on August 12th it has carved out a niche for itself at the end of Summer to capitalize on its target demographic before schools reopen.
CONS:
– While it did amazingly well internationally, the last film in the franchise had the lowest return domestically ($161 million), this could continue that downward trend.
– Animated CGI film fatigue could be an issue after the long Summer season of projected winners including Angry Birds, Finding Dory and The Secret Life Of Pets.
Lights Out (Warner Bros.)
PROS:
– With no direct competition in the market since The Conjuring 2 over a month before, the market should be more than primed for another horror offering.
– Horror genre superstar James Wan produces here (funny enough he also directs the aforementioned The Conjuring 2), and with his long list of breakout horror successes as a director and producer the film has a lot going for it.
– The reported budget is only $5 million here which means that it really doesn't have to do too much to make it into the black.
CONS:
– Wan has also had his losses as a producer (see Demonic).
– For any horror to breakout social media performance is almost always key and so far this has been very muted (not even at 50k likes on Facebook). While it has time to explode before release still it's yet to show any real signs of life.
Check out our complete long range forecast in the table below.
Title Release Date Distributor Opening Weekend Cumulative Star Trek Beyond Jul 22, 2016 Paramount $56,000,000 $159,000,000 Ice Age: Collision Course Jul 22, 2016 Fox $39,000,000 $133,000,000 Lights Out Jul 22, 2016 Warner Bros. $10,000,000 $25,000,000 Ghostbusters Jul 15, 2016 Sony / Columbia $63,000,000 $178,000,000 The Infiltrator Jul 13, 2016 Broad Green Pictures $6,000,000 $20,000,000 The Secret Life of Pets Jul 8, 2016 Universal $66,000,000 $265,000,000 Mike & Dave Need Wedding Dates Jul 8, 2016 Fox $15,000,000 $40,000,000 The BFG Jul 1, 2016 Disney / DreamWorks $31,000,000* $85,000,000 The Legend of Tarzan Jul 1, 2016 Warner Bros. $23,500,000* $50,000,000 The Purge: Election Year Jul 1, 2016 Universal $21,000,000* $42,000,000 The Shallows Jun 29, 2016 Sony / Columbia $11,200,000* $28,000,000 Independence Day: Resurgence Jun 24, 2016 Fox $68,000,000 $175,000,000 Free State of Jones Jun 24, 2016 STX Entertainment $11,500,000 $43,000,000 Finding Dory Jun 17, 2016 Disney $111,000,000 $400,000,000 Central Intelligence Jun 17, 2016 Warner Bros. / New Line $52,000,000 $155,000,000 The Conjuring 2 Jun 10, 2016 Warner Bros. / New Line $45,000,000 $110,000,000 Warcraft Jun 10, 2016 Universal $29,000,000 $62,000,000 Now You See Me 2 Jun 10, 2016 Lionsgate / Summit $27,000,000 $75,000,000 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows Jun 3, 2016 Paramount $42,000,000 $113,000,000 Me Before You Jun 3, 2016 Warner Bros. / New Line $18,000,000 $72,000,000 Popstar: Never Stop Stopping Jun 3, 2016 Universal $8,500,000 $18,000,000
* indicates a prediction for a four-day holiday weekend.
Eoin Woods talks with Fred Brooks, author of The Mythical Man-Month , on what motivated him to write his new book, examples of good and bad programming languages, how to recruit great designers, and the three most important pieces of advice for managing design projects.

Eoin Woods: It's been a long time since The Mythical Man-Month and its revision. What motivated your new book, The Design of Design?
Fred Brooks: Curiosity. The striking observation that all my own design experiences seemed to have a great deal in common caused me to ask and attempt to answer the questions:
What are those invariants?
Can the younger design disciplines learn from the older ones because of those similarities?
How has design changed since 1900?
Eoin: Your new book does talk about software design in places, but it's really about design generally, and the case studies span buildings, organizations, hardware and software. Who is the book aimed at? Are you still writing primarily for people who design software or are you writing for a broader audience?
Fred: Definitely for a broader audience. I have been surprised that The Mythical Man-Month, aimed at software engineers, seems to have resonated with a broader audience. Even doctors and lawyers find it speaks to some of their team problems. So I aimed this one more broadly.
Eoin: You talk about designers and engineers in the book, but you subtitle it “Essays from a Computer Scientist.” Which are you? Engineer, designer, computer scientist or all three?
Fred: All three.
Eoin: What do you think the difference is between computer science and engineering?
Fred: I believe computer science to consist of two rather different sub-disciplines. One is a branch of mathematics, and produces theory. The other is concerned with making things, hence is a branch of engineering. We make systems, hardware, programs.
Eoin: Do you have favorite examples of good (or even bad) software design that you can share with us?
Fred: I consider Ken Iverson's APL programming language, after it morphed into J so it uses standard characters, to be a fine example of a programming language. In the book, I hold up and analyze the Job Control Language of OS/360 as a gruesome example of a bad language.
Eoin: In chapter 3, you make the point that we don't really know what has to be designed until we've pretty well finished designing it. Does this mean that you're an advocate of Agile approaches to software development?
Fred: Yes. But there is an important role for a system architect, even in Agile methodology. One wants the products to have conceptual integrity, for ease of learning, ease of use, and ease of maintenance and extension.
Eoin: How do you teach software design at UNC?
Fred: I've taught the software engineering course 22 times. I teach it as a critiqued project course, with teams of 3-5 (4 is ideal) working on a real project for a real client. The client has to invest sustained effort in helping the team define the product, of course. My rule is that a target product must be something that the client would find useful and like to have, but it must not be something the client has to have. The team must be allowed to fail.
Eoin: A particularly interesting part of the book talks about the need to recruit and develop great designers. Do you have any advice for people trying to recruit great software designers?
Fred: Look at their handiwork, not just how they talk about it! Yes, it is important to have the candidates explain rationale for their designs, but the excellence and elegance of the design itself is the test.
Eoin: The book contains a lot of explicit and implicit advice for those who must manage design projects. What would your top three pieces of advice for such managers be?
Fred:
Choose a chief designer separate from the manager and give him authority over the design and your trust. Plan for the iterative discovery and screening of requirements. Prototype (or simulate with models, etc.) early and get real user feedback on real use scenarios early and often.
Eoin: Lastly, your beach house is a rich source of case studies … was it ever finished?
Fred: Yes, I'm enjoying it immensely even now. We defined it to be finished when we varnished the floors in '97. We started in '72 with a carpenter-built campable shell, closed in and with one working bathroom. We did all the rest while using it thoroughly: all interior walls and doors, walkway to the beach, the staircase, all the wiring, the remaining plumbing, cabinets, floors. It was a great family project! We all learned a lot of new skills. Now we and our grown children enjoy it and do maintenance. Salt spray is aggressive and destructive.
What is The Golden Railroad?
The Golden railroad is a western style re-imagining of the Australian gold-rush set in 1820. Each comic in the Series follows a different character in the exploration of this "New World" This kick-starter aims to fund the first Issue of the series to kick-start production.
Issue #1 of The Golden Railroad follows James Kell and his brothers Django and Carter Kell, known as "The Kell Gang", the most dangerous outlaw's in New Anos as they investigate their fathers strange death.
What Do You Get?
Each comic is packed with 24-26 exciting pages filled with mystery, fantasy and intrigue. Pledge your support and receive a digital download or printed copy of Issue #1. This is a limited Edition Kick-starter print.
Who Are We?
Hellfun is a small Australian publishing company, specializing in Australian Manga, Graphic novels, Comic books and Fiction Novels. Hellfun Publishing is 100% independent, so if you could tell a friend, share or support this content in anyway it would really be appreciated.
The Hellfun Publishing Team @ Various Conventions Around Australia
A Comic by Hellfun Publishing
The Golden Railroad Production Team
- Story / Created by Aaron McGowan
- Editing / Additional Contributions by Rebecca Newton
- Interior Page Art by Abdelrahman Faisal (A.Y.F)
- Cover Art by Carlos Bercini
- [Soon to be] Published by Hellfun Publishing (Australia)
$100 Pledge - Hellfun's Entire Backlog:
Get a signed copy of everything Hellfun Publishing has ever released! You receive signed copy's of 2 novels and 3 comics released by hellfun publishing. INCLUDES: The Golden Railroad: Issue #1 - Printed comic Elpis by Aaron McGowan (Novel) Elpis #1 (Comic) AslashD (Trade comic) Haders by Aaron McGowan (Novel)
Please note: All funds, (including excess funding) raised by this project will be put back into making this series.
Let's build the Golden Railroad together!
The most famous address in America–1600 Pennsylvania Avenue–is also perhaps the country's most famous haunted house. Presidents, first ladies, White House staff members and guests have reported feeling ghostly presences, hearing unexplained noises and even running into actual apparitions–even on the way out of the bathtub, in one particularly famous case.
Abigail Adams & David Burns
Abigail Adams and her husband John, the second president of the United States (1797-1801), moved to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue from the former U.S. capital in Philadelphia. At the time, Washington, D.C. was still just a town, built mostly on swampy land on the banks of the Potomac River. Because the East Room of the new White House was the warmest and driest, Abigail used it to hang the wash. Her ghost, clad in a cap and lace shawl, has reportedly been seen heading towards the East Room, arms outstretched as if carrying laundry.
Did you know? Lincoln, who is believed to have attended only two of the séances his wife held in the White House, actually foresaw his own death more than once, including in a dream he had shortly before he was killed.
A lesser-known early White House personality who has been said to haunt its halls was David Burns, who sold the government most of the land on which the city of Washington–including the presidential residence–was built. Lillian Rogers Parks, a seamstress who chronicled her 30-year career working at the White House in a 1961 memoir, told the story of a valet to President Franklin D. Roosevelt who reportedly heard a disembodied voice coming from a distance in the Yellow Oval Room, saying “I'm Mr. Burns.” During Harry S. Truman's administration, a guard heard a similar voice; thinking it was then-Secretary of State James Byrnes, he went looking for him, only to learn that the secretary hadn't been at the White House that day.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Andrew Jackson & Harry Truman's Ghosts
In 1824, Andrew “Old Hickory” Jackson was defeated by John Quincy Adams in one of the most contentious presidential elections in history. Elected president four years later, the surly Jackson continued to hold grudges against those who had supported his opponent. In the early 1860s, First Lady Mary Todd Lincoln–who believed strongly in the occult, and reportedly held séances in the White House to commune with the spirits of her dead sons–told friends she had heard Jackson stomping and swearing through the halls of the presidential residence. The Rose Room, Jackson's bedchamber while he was president, is believed by some to be one of the most haunted rooms in the White House.
Jackson's ghostly presence also showed up in the White House correspondence of Harry Truman, America's 33rd president. In June 1945, just two months into his first term, Truman wrote to his wife Bess of the spooky quality of his new residence: “I sit here in this old house and work on foreign affairs, read reports, and work on speeches–all the while listening to the ghosts walk up and down the hallway and even right in here in the study. The floors pop and the drapes move back and forth–I can just imagine old Andy [Jackson] and Teddy [Roosevelt] having an argument over Franklin [Roosevelt].”
Abraham Lincoln
By far the most frequently reported sighting in the White House over the years has been the ghost–or at least the presence–of the celebrated 16th president, Abraham Lincoln, whose life was cut tragically short by an assassin's bullet in April 1865. Grace Coolidge, wife of President Calvin Coolidge (1923-29), was the first person to say she had actually seen Lincoln's ghost. According to her, the lanky former president was standing looking out a window of the Oval Office, across the Potomac to the former Civil War battlefields beyond. Lady Bird Johnson, wife of President Lyndon Johnson (1963-69), reportedly felt Lincoln's presence one night while watching a television program about his death.
Most notably, sightings of Lincoln's ghost were frequently reported during the long administration of Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933-45), who also presided over his country during a time of great upheaval. First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt used the Lincoln Bedroom as her study, and said she would feel his presence when she worked there late at night. During her visit to the White House, Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands heard a knock on her bedroom door in the night; when she answered it, she reportedly saw Lincoln's ghost, wearing his top hat, and fainted dead away. British Prime Minister Winston Churchill, who visited the White House more than once during World War II, told a story of emerging naked from his evening bath smoking his customary cigar, only to find a ghostly Lincoln sitting by the fireplace in his room.
When Lillian Rogers Parks, the seamstress, once investigated the sound of someone pacing an upper level of the White House, another staff member told her the room in question had been unoccupied, and “that was old Abe pacing the floor.” Psychics have speculated that Lincoln's spirit remains in the White House to be on hand in times of crisis, as well as to complete the difficult work that his untimely death left unfinished.
The brand made famous for its dedication to "Made in the U.S.A." announced the closure of all U.S. stores this week.
American Apparel has announced the closure of its L.A.-based headquarters, as well as all of its 110 U.S. stores.
A photo posted by American Apparel (@americanapparelusa) on Dec 29, 2016 at 8:51am PST
According to Fashionista, the brand will shutter its retail locations, as well as its distribution center in La Mirada, CA and production facilities in Garden Grove and South Gate.
It's been a rocky last few years for American Apparel, which claimed bankruptcy twice in the last two years. The U.S. based brand was purchased recently by Gildan Activewear, a Canadian clothing maker, for $88 million.
A photo posted by American Apparel (@americanapparelusa) on Nov 15, 2016 at 5:26pm PST
Gildan spokesman Garry Bell said of the announcement, "This was always about buying assets out of bankruptcy," Bell said. "The reality is this wasn't a purchase of an ongoing concern."
American Apparel gained enormous popularity in the early 2,000s, with its minimal, elevated aesthetic, provocative advertising and mainstream appeal. The company bucked retail trends by producing and distributing product entirely in the U.S., and according to the L.A. Times, founder Dov Charney “gained prominence as a vocal supporter of immigration reform and worker rights.”
However, Charney was also dogged by persistent rumors of sexual harassment, which may have ultimately overshadowed reform efforts.
The bankruptcy deal between Gildan and American Apparel is expected to be finalized in February 2017.
Gorillaz Getting Back Together? Throw Back Thursday? We've dug deep into the archives and it sounds like a great time for a contest! Here's the deal:
What the heck have the Gorillaz been doing since 2012?? On vacation, in the studio, watching a football match, eating pizza and watching the tube?
–Using paper and pencil or photography or photoshop or Instagram Video or whatever medium you like with or without Gorillaz Figures, show us what you think they've been up to during their hiatus
-Post an image or video of your creation on Instagram and hashtag it #kidrobotgorillazcontest (be sure to hashtag it!)
-You've got until midnight on February 15th, 2015 to get your entry in
-Our very own Frank Kozik will hand select the winner
-Winner will be announced on February 20th, 2015
Here's the Rulz:
-No Purchase NecessaryOne winner and one winner only!
-The prize includes one each of the 2007 release of the Exclusive 2-Tone Edition characters: Noodle, Murdoc, 2D, Russel (yup, still in the boxes they came in)
-Kids under the age of 16 get your parents permission before you enter
-One entry per person (hey, focus on quality not quantity)
-All entries must be received before midnight on February 15th, 2015 Mountain Standard Time
-Entries not using the hashtag #kidrobotgorillazcontest will not be included
-You allow Kidrobot to use your entry and screen name for promotional purposes
-Winner will be selected by Frank Kozik. His word is law, no complaining
-Winner will be contacted via Instagram within 24 hours of winner being announced
-If you win and don't respond within 30 days, you forfeit the prize
-Open to everyone, everywhere (Sorry Kidrobot artists, employee and their families are excluded)
(PLEASE NOTE if your Instagram is in private mode Kidrobot will not be able to see your Photo/Video)
0 Share on Pinterest 1.3k 0 Share with your friends Submit
Would you rather eat a donut, muffin, or slice of bread if they were all baked (not fried) and made out of the same batter? Hmm…interesting.
Last year I came up with a recipe for Baked Pumpkin Spice Donuts that both Mike and I went crazy for. (And this is nothing short of a miracle since he's a self-proclaimed pumpkin-hater.) Since then, I've wanted to re-work the batter into muffins and/or quick bread.
Then a few weeks back I saw a delightful Carrot and Cheese Cake on Joumana's lovely blog, Taste of Beirut; I immediately knew I wanted to remake my pumpkin spice batter into a cheesecake pumpkin spice quick bread. I love being inspired by other bloggers like that.
This bread smells like warm spices and tastes like autumn. There is only a very small amount of oil in the batter (only 2 tablespoons!), since the pumpkin keeps it moist without the need for added fat. It's perfect with tea or coffee on a crisp fall day.
If you like pumpkin, you might also like these recipes:
Sugar-Free Pumpkin Spice Syrup {For Lattes and More}
Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Snack Cake
Brown Sugar Pumpkin Soup
Cream Cheese Pumpkin Spice Spread
Pumpkin New York-Style Crumb Cake
Pumpkin Spice Granola
Thai-Inspired Pumpkin Soup
Pumpkin Chickpea Curry
Print Pumpkin & Cheese Spice Bread Prep time: 15 mins Cook time: 40 mins Total time: 55 mins Yield: 3 mini loaves (the mini loaf pans I use are 5¾ inches long X 3 inches wide X 2 inches deep); makes about 12 servings Ingredients For the Cheese Batter: 8 oz (230 g) cream cheese, room temperature
1 large egg, room temperature, lightly beaten (I use Eggland's Best)
¼ cup (30 g) powdered sugar
½ teaspoon pure vanilla extract For the Pumpkin Spice Batter: ¾ cup (150 g) brown sugar, lightly packed
2 large eggs (I use Eggland's Best)
¾ cup (180 g) pumpkin puree (homemade or canned is fine; not pumpkin pie filling)
2 tablespoons canola oil
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1¼ cups (160 g) all-purpose flour
1¼ teaspoons baking powder
¼ teaspoon baking soda
¼ teaspoon salt
¾ teaspoon cinnamon
½ teaspoon nutmeg
¼ teaspoon ginger
⅛ teaspoon cloves Other: Butter, to grease the pans Instructions Preheat oven to 350F; lightly grease 3 mini loaf pans with butter. For the cheese batter, use a handheld electric mixer to beat together all ingredients in a medium bowl until smooth and creamy. For the pumpkin spice batter, whisk together the brown sugar and eggs in a medium bowl until light and fluffy, then stir in the pumpkin, canola oil, and vanilla. In a separate bowl, whisk or sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, and cloves. Gradually stir the dry ingredients into the wet, being careful not to over-mix. Divide the pumpkin batter between the 3 loaf pans, then pour the cheese batter on top. Bake until golden around the edges, about 35 to 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted inside comes out clean or with just a couple crumbs. Cool 10 minutes in the pans, then remove from the pans and transfer to a wire rack to finish cooling. 3.5.3251
0 Share on Pinterest 1.3k 0 Share with your friends Submit
WOW! Arkansas Lawmaker Wants The Clintons' Names Removed From Little Rock Airport
If you needed further proof that the Clintons are pretty much finished in American politics, here you go. A state senator in Arkansas is calling for the removal of the Clintons' names on Little Rock Airport.
This has got to sting.
The Hill reports:
Ark. lawmaker wants Clintons' names removed from Little Rock airport An Arkansas state senator wants to take Bill and Hillary Clinton's names off the state's largest airport. State Sen. Jason Rapert (R) said November's election results show Arkansans don't believe the Clintons should have Little Rock's airport named in their honor. “The Clintons left Arkansas and do not reside here,” Rapert told The Hill. “Many in our state do not want the first thing people see and last thing they remember about Arkansas being two of the most scandal-ridden politicians in American history.” Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton was routed in Arkansas in the presidential election, losing to President-elect Donald Trump 61 percent to 34 percent. Clinton won only eight of the state's 75 counties — including Pulaski County, where the airport is based. No Democrat has seriously competed for Arkansas's electoral votes since former President Bill Clinton won reelection in 1996.
Arkansas Democrats will probably fight this with tooth and nail. Frankly, it doesn't even matter if it happens or not. The mere fact that it's even being suggested speaks volumes.
Making a recommendation like this would have been unthinkable just a month ago.
Cross posted from American Lookout.
The rape conviction of Sydney man Luke Lazarus is set to be overturned and a retrial ordered after the state's highest court upheld his claim that the judge in his trial misdirected the jury.
Lazarus had spent 11 months in jail over the rape behind a Sydney nightclub but was released on Friday afternoon after the NSW Court of Criminal Appeal granted him bail with a $50,000 surety ahead of a final judgment in the coming weeks.
Appearing from jail via audio visual link, the 23-year-old broke down as the Chief Judge at Common Law, Justice Clifton Hoeben delivered the news following a 90-minute hearing.
"The court is in a position to say that it's satisfied at this stage that ground two [of the appeal] has been made out," Justice Hoeben said.
AP The bipartisan National Governors Association urged Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) on Monday to allow them more time to review Senate Republicans' bill to repeal Obamacare and introduce deep cuts to Medicaid.
Senate leadership is reportedly planning a vote on the measure as early as Thursday, after weeks of writing the bill in secret and releasing it publicly for the first time late last week.
"It is critical that any changes to Medicaid and the private health insurance market reflect states' experience as major health care purchasers, regulators, and administrators who will be responsible for carrying out new reforms," NGA Chair Terry McAuliffe (D), of Virginia, and Vice Chair Charlie Baker (R), of Massachusetts, wrote.
"On behalf of the National Governor's Association, we urge you to give states sufficient time to review the legislation before proceeding, so that the full impact of the legislation may be understood and explained to the American people," the letter concluded.
Read the NGA's appeal to McConnell below, via NBC's Bradd Jaffy:
The skeletons of 26 Japanese soldiers who died during World War II have been washed from their graves in the low-lying Marshall Islands, prompting warnings by the nation that its future is under threat from rising sea levels.
The nation of 70,000 people revealed the extent of the devastation during United Nations climate change talks in Germany, saying global warming was ruining crops and that sea rises were overrunning parts of the islands. The nation's 1,000-plus islands are only about six feet above sea level – and scientists are predicting a three- to six-foot rise in sea levels by the end of the century.
"There are coffins and dead people being washed away from graves - it's that serious," said Tony de Brum, the foreign minister. "Even the dead are affected".
The nation, which lies between Hawaii and Australia, was the scene of heavy fighting during World War II, when the United States defeated the Japanese, who had a naval base there. The US military has a base on the islands and has used it for nuclear testing.
Virtually everybody in the Marshall Islands has been affected by the recently crumbling coastline, including Christopher Loeak, the nation's president, who has watched over the years as the beaches where he fished as a boy have vanished and roads on his island home have been moved inland.
He told The Telegraph earlier this year that he was “afraid for our children and grandchildren”.
“The island is not only getting narrower - it is getting shorter,” he said.
“That is our worry – the disappearing of the land. People have had to move on many islands. We are not only talking about the land but the trees, our food security. We have lost rows and rows of coconut trees – they have been washed away.”
In Majuro, the nation's capital, the damage from king tides and coastal erosion is unmistakeable.
The town consists of one main road that runs the length of the island, leaving the waterfront homes and shops on either side glaringly exposed to rising seas and high tides.
Across the country, coconut trees have washed away. There is less land to grow breadfruit, one of the nation's main food sources, which cannot grow on soil where the groundwater has been infiltrated by the salty seawater.
Mr de Brum said the skeletons on Santo Island were exposed after high tides struck the coastline from February to April. Unexploded bombs and military equipment has also washed up.
"We think they're Japanese soldiers, but there are no broken bones or any indication of being war casualties," he said. "We think maybe it was suicide or something similar. We had the exhumed skeletons sampled by the US Navy in Pearl Harbour [in Hawaii] and they helped identify where they are from, to assist in the repatriation efforts…. The Japanese are sending a team in to help us in September."
The Marshall Islands and other low-lying Pacific nations have pushed for international action on climate change, saying they face an existential threat from rising sea levels. A recent report from the UN Environment Programme found that sea levels in the Pacific were rising faster than in the rest of the world. From 1993 to 2009, the rise was 0.47 inches (12 millimetres) a year, almost four times the global average.
However, despite extensive damage to parts of the Marshall Islands' coast, researchers have begun to cast doubt on claims that the Pacific islands have already begun to disappear or that the damage is due to rises in sea levels that have occurred in recent decades. Indeed, while experts say the nation does face a long-term threat, new findings show that many of the islands are largely either remaining stable or growing.
Dr Murray Ford, from the University of Auckland, has been comparing aerial photographs of the islands taken by the United States military during World War II with photographs taken in the 1970s and in recent years. He found that many islands are getting larger and that the shrinking shoreline along coastal villages has largely been caused by commercial development, building of seawalls and land reclamation.
“It is a much more complicated story than the island being washed away,” he said.
“What the people are seeing is real – there are graves and houses falling into the water – but often it is a result of engineering and sea walls being built inappropriately. Some parts of some islands are eroding as sand has moved around but some islands are growing in size.”
A newly-published study showed a southern atoll which was devastated by a 1905 typhoon has grown back to a stable state, with its vegetated area expanding by about a quarter since 1945; other smaller islands joined together to form a single landmass.
Dr Ford said climate change is causing sea levels to rise at an increasing rate and the phenomenon poses a serious threat to the islands. But, he said, the damage that has occurred so far has been due to “inappropriate” construction, while some islands have grown due to natural accretion and endlessly shifting shorelines.
“The sea level is rising and will accelerate and on the ground the response will not be pretty,” Dr Ford said.
“But the islands have shown a wide range of change and not all of that is erosion… The story in Majuro is very much a human-driven impact on the island. In the outer islands, it is driven much more by waves, currents and movements of the sands.”
The scientists are still trying to understand the changes in the islands, which can shift shape over time periods ranging from hours to centuries and can sometimes erode during winter and grow back in the summer.
An expert on coastal changes, Professor Colin Woodroffe, from the University of Wollongong, said population increases and inhabitation of low-lying lands are probably playing a part in the increasing signs of damage.
“To say the little bit of rise has led to the erosion is too simple,” he said. “The islands are already quite vulnerable to erosion - human settlement is the most important factor.”
For the residents, these unpredictable changes continue to wreak havoc and leave a question mark over their future.
At the northern end of the small island of Laura, Barmi Rockmido, 51, a mother of five, points to the dilapidated house next door, whose neighbours fled as the land around the house began to erode.
Standing on a dwindling patch of grass that was once her lush garden with an outdoor oven and a well, Mrs Rockmido says she accepts that her home may be next.
“It's up to the gods,” she says.
Dacke et al. / Current Biology You might expect dung beetles to keep their "noses to the ground," but they are actually incredibly attuned to the sky. A report published in Current Biology shows that even on the darkest of nights, African ball-rolling insects are guided by the soft glow of the Milky Way.
When dung beetles roll their tiny balls of poop across the sands of South Africa on a moonless night, they look to the glow of our Milky Way galaxy as a navigational aid, researchers report.
"Even on clear, moonless nights, many dung beetles still manage to orientate along straight paths," Marie Dacke, a biologist at Sweden's Lund University, said in a news release. "This led us to suspect that the beetles exploit the starry sky for orientation — a feat that had, to our knowledge, never before been demonstrated in an insect."
That's an amazing claim. But what's just as amazing are the lengths to which the researchers went to make their case.
First, they built a 10-foot-wide (3-meter-wide) circular arena in a South African game reserve and watched what troops of nocturnal dung beetles did on moonlit nights, moonless nights and cloudy nights. They fitted the bugs with little cardboard caps to block their view of the sky. They even fitted some of the bugs with transparent plastic caps, just to make sure that any differences they saw were due to the sky blockage rather than the presence of the caps.
Then the scientists took their dung-beetle arena into the Johannesburg Planetarium and ran the same experiment, to eliminate the possibility that the beetles were using terrestrial landmarks to plot their course in the dark. The planetarium was programmed to show the night sky with the Milky Way, or the Milky Way without the brightest stars in the sky, or the brightest stars without the Milky Way, or just the diffuse glow of the Milky Way with no stars at all.
The bottom line was clear: Those bugs could keep track of how the fuzzy streak of the Milky Way was oriented in the sky, to make sure they rolled their balls of dung in a suitably straight line.
Why is that so important? Without the proper orientation, the beetles might circle back to the dung pile, where they'd have to face all the other beetles trying to steal away their tiny balls of poop. That would put the bugs' intended meal at risk. "The dung beetles don't care which direction they're going in; they just need to get away from the bun fight at the poo pile," Marcus Byrne of South Africa's University of the Witwatersrand explained in a news release.
Marcus Byrne Dung beetles were fitted with tiny cardboard caps to see how well they could navigate when the night sky was blocked out. When they were wearing the caps, the bugs were more prone to go around in circles.
The University of the Witwatersrand's Marcus Byrne discusses dung beetles in a TED talk. Watch on YouTube
Dacke, Byrne and their colleagues describe their latest dung-beetle adventure in this week's issue of Current Biology. Researchers have previously chronicled the bugs' other peculiarities: how the insects do a "dance" on top of their dung balls to get themselves oriented (and keep cool as well) ... how they monitor the sun and the moon for poop-ball navigation ... and how they discriminate between different flavors of dung (the smellier, the better).
Byrne said the idea of checking the bugs' celestial compass came up during an earlier series of South African experiments with the bugs. "We were sitting out in Vryburg, and the Milky Way was this massive light source," he recalled. "We thought, they have to be able to use this — they just have to!"
The latest experiments show that for the nocturnal beetles (Scarabaeus satyrus), the moon is the most reliable guide. It took about 20 seconds, on average, for the bugs to make their way out of the arena under moonlit conditions. On a moonless, starry night, it took about 40 seconds. But it took three times as long on a cloudy night, or when the bugs were wearing those cardboard caps. The planetarium tests came up with similar results: The bugs were quickest when they could look up at the dome and see the full, starry sky (43 seconds), or even the Milky Way's bright, diffuse band without the stars (53 seconds). When the planetarium dome was totally dark, the average time rose to 120 seconds.
Before this study, only birds, humans and seals were known to use the stars for orientation. The compound eyes of a dung beetle may not be all that great — but they're good enough to make out the Milky Way's glowing band in a dark sky.
"This study shows that some insects can use the starry sky for orientation, even though they might not necessarily be able to discriminate the individual stars," the researchers wrote. "In theory, insects could use any large and dense group of bright stars for orientation or nocturnal migration."
Scientists have long suspected that celestial orientation is used by still more species, ranging from moths and spiders to newts and frogs. This latest batch of meticulous experiments with poop-rolling beetles may well point the way to confirming those suspicions.
More beetle mania:
In addition to Dacke and Byrne, the authors of "Dung Beetles Use the Milky Way for Orientation" include Emily Baird, Clarke H. Scholtz and Eric J. Warrant.
Alan Boyle is NBCNews.com's science editor. Connect with the Cosmic Log community by "liking" the log's Facebook page, following @b0yle on Twitter and adding the Cosmic Log page to your Google+ presence. To keep up with Cosmic Log as well as NBCNews.com's other stories about science and space, sign up for the Tech & Science newsletter, delivered to your email in-box every weekday. You can also check out "The Case for Pluto," my book about the controversial dwarf planet and the search for new worlds.
The era of the $1000 genome, which is all but upon us already, is a new era of predictive and personalized medicine during which the cost of full genome sequencing for an individual or patient drops to roughly $1,000.
Think about what personalized medicine can do: having access to your own genome information will open the doors to dozens of men and women wishing to find out if they have gene variants associated with Alzheimer's, diabetes, heart disease or cancer. In some circumstances this genome map will also help your doctor determine which drugs you should consider taking and at what dosage, which if accurate enough would be much more efficient than the current approach. Sounds great doesn't it?
You probably heard something like this back in 2000 when Bill Clinton mentioned the completion of the Human Genome Project in a speech and suggested that humanity can cure any disease and reveal the secrets of our evolution. Well, back then we didn't have a clue what this 3 billion-letter code would bring upon us in terms of storing and handling it and properly analysing it. Only the most savvy IT experts and bioinformaticians foresaw what the technical impact would be, and the side effect of the ensuing flood of data certainly didn't make revealing the secrets of evolution particularly easy.
Twelve years on, the target users of the $1000 genome are scientists at R&D companies and academic institutions, and the occasional wealthy businessman or celebrity such as Ozzy Ozbourne. But so far they've all paid much more than $1000. Steve Jobs, for example paid $100,000 for his genome to be sequenced and analyzed, when he was fighting with cancer. Admittedly the higher price was a year or so ago, so with the continuing decline in sequencing costs you may well now get a number closer to the $1000 if it is just for sequencing, but without analysis.
If some analysis needs to be done, have a look at this article in Forbes which describes a $4000 genome scan but only covering a fraction - 0.02% - of the full genome. This type of sequencing is often used for sequencing targeted areas of cancer tissues in order to find the mutations which triggered the cancer.
The $1000 genome figure refers to a full genome scan, much more than what is covered in the Forbes example. Whole genome sequencing covers the complete genome, all 3 billion bases of it, 99.9% of which is identical to every other human, and indeed 99% identical to chimpanzees and bonobos.
Life Technologies announced this year that they can already scan the full genome for $1000, and another company called Geniachip claims to go beyond this and deliver the same results for just $100. It will be interesting to see how good the quality of this $100 genome is!
Given that 99.9% of the genome is identical in all individuals, full genome sequencing is largely unnecessary – at least, if we believe that we are sure that all the information we need is in the remaining 0.1%. The recently published ENCODE project found some individually unique traits within that supposedly constant 99.9% genetic sequence which means that we definitely do not know as much about what makes each genome individual as we might have previously thought.
Exome sequencing is a lighter option which will cover only the 1% of your genome that is coding sequence – i.e. translated into proteins within your body. This type of sequence will still not include the features that the ENCODE project suggests might exist in the non-coding regions, but it is suited well to current knowledge about the individual variations that can be found in humans. It is offered to the general public by 23andMe and other similar companies and can cost as little as $299 when offered as a commercial service.
To sequence the genome is just the start. Storing it and analysing it can turn out quite pricey. To store only the basic sequence data (no quality scores or ambiguous results) from your fully sequenced human genome you will need roughly 780MB. This can easily be stored on a DVD, which is not expensive at all, but for companies sequencing many human genomes, and certainly for any research where the quality information is as important as the sequence itself, they will need much bigger storage than a single DVD. In-house data centers are the default choice, but the growth in data is outpacing the growth in storage available in these facilities. That is why many of them have embraced the power of the cloud technologies, such as Amazon Web Services.
Analysing genome data includes comparing it to the reference genome to see how different you are from the others. This requires powerful computers working together and running your DNA through some relatively complex analysis pipelines. More advanced analysis to obtain detailed information or to answer very specific questions comes with a complexity (and cost) that depends on the expected outcomes. As mentioned above, Steve Jobs paid $100,000 for his genome to be sequenced and compared to the reference genome to find the mutations which triggered the cancer – only a fraction of this would have been the actual sequencing cost.
The science community has the technology to read and assemble the human genome, to efficiently store it, and run suitable analyses. But to achieve a broader embrace of the $1000 genome, the public itself will need more education on the mechanics and benefits of personalized medicine. Limited or incorrect information can cause dangerous misunderstandings and illogical fear or bias against the technology amongst the public, and poor interpretation of the results by amateur geneticists might have serious negative side effects on health. Governments will have to incorporate into the current medical system ways to educate both health practitioners and patients with knowledge on how to interpret the results and be sure that they act appropriately upon them.
There is a very good scenario of a moment in the near future, mentioned in a Forbes blog post by Jim Golden: “The challenge for the clinical oncologist (GP) is the informed patient who says “I want to have my genome sequenced so we can pick the best drug. Here's $1000.” It is worth a read.
If Jim's patient had got their genome sequenced directly, then despite all the disclaimers provided by the supplier they may still misinterpret the information without understanding that it is far from sufficient for what is required to know, for example, that there is a 95% chance they will have Alzheimer's disease. In their position, even if you could rely on this disease prediction, what would you actually do about it? Is it better to know but be unable to treat it, or not know and never worry about something you couldn't treat anyway?
Bottom line is, scientists are ready for the $1000 genome, but the governments, the medical system, doctors, and the general public are almost certainly not.
Images: jurvetson, Mikey Angels and Marco Bellucci on Flickr.
The U.S. health care system is in deep trouble. We spend more per capita than any other country and have poor health outcomes to show for it. Health care spending as a share of the economy is growing faster than in any other country. One-quarter of Medicare spending is spent in the last 12 months of life.
The usual argument is that our peculiar mix of government policies, private health insurance markets, and the design of public health insurance have produced a health care system that, in the words of economists Alan Garber and Jonathan Skinner, is “uniquely inefficient.” Does this sound familiar? It should. We hear variants of this narrative frequently in academic seminars, public policy discussions, and the media. Indeed, we've written a lot in our prior work about how health insurance and government regulation affect — and distort — decisions in the health care system.
But something recently gave us pause: We noticed that the U.S. pet health care system has followed a similar trajectory over the last two decades. In a recent NBER working paper, we documented four similarities between our furry friends' health care and ours. First, both have experienced rapid growth in spending, growing far more quickly than spending on, say, housing or entertainment. Second, health care providers — those for humans and those for animals — have experienced much rapider growth in employment than the U.S. economy as a whole. Third, the amount that households spend on human and pet health care varies across income brackets in a similar pattern; the difference in spending between high- and low-income households is much greater for pet health care or human health care than for other sectors like housing and entertainment. And finally, when we compared data from lymphoma patients at one pet hospital to data for Medicare patients with lymphoma, we found that spending spikes at the end of patients' lives for dogs and dog owners alike.
In the case of pet health care, we can't attribute these trends to the structure of the industry and its institutions. The usual scapegoats — an inefficient insurance system and onerous government regulation — are practically nonexistent in the veterinary industry. Almost no pets have health insurance, and regulation (or government intervention more broadly) is much less prevalent in pet health care than in human health care.
What, then, should we make of the common features in these two industries? Do they imply that insurance and regulation aren't as important for the U.S. health care sector as we thought? We don't think so; we aren't inclined to throw all our prior work out the window that quickly. But we do think the new findings suggest that the focus on public policy in the debate over the cost of health care misses the full story. Something else is at work in the health care sector.
We aren't sure what it is (yet), but we can think of two possible explanations. One is that the nature of technological progress, which is generally believed to be one of the driving forces behind rapidly growing health care costs, is similar in the two industries. Indeed, it's possible that technological changes in human health care may have spillover effects on the treatment of pets. An improved CT scanner, for example, can be used on a cat as well as a human.
Another possibility, one that strikes us as particularly interesting, is that the nature of consumer decisions is very similar in human and pet health care, and in at least one respect is very different from almost every other decision we make. Consider how the problem unfolds: Something goes wrong, you need to make a decision about whether to try to “fix” the problem, and experts offer advice — they may disagree and they may stand to benefit financially from influencing your decision. So far, we could be describing human health care, pet health care, or auto repair. But here's the crucial distinction, we think, between pet and human health care on the one hand and auto care on the other: Health care decisions, for humans or for pets, involve much greater emotional and financial trade-offs. Whether to fix the wheel bearings on your trusty 2004 Honda Civic or finally throw in the towel and scrap it arguably involves less (or different) emotion than whether to seek expensive health care for your pet or put it to sleep, or whether to undertake heroic measures for your ailing 95-year-old mother. The nature of the decision — trading off potential health improvements against money — may make coldly rational cost-benefit decisions unlikely.
Which explanation is it? Are both in play? Or are there other plausible hypotheses? We really don't know. But the answer should matter to anyone concerned about the rising costs of health care.
President Trump gets stamina from the fact that he has "perfect genes," his Treasury secretary said Friday.
"He's got perfect genes," Steven Mnuchin said at a public interview with the publication Axios, when asked how Trump maintains his stamina with his notoriously lax diet and exercise regimes.
On receiving puzzled looks, Mnuchin repeated: "He's got perfect genes. He's got incredible energy, and he's unbelievably healthy."
The treasury secretary and former banker added that Trump no longer eats the fast food, especially McDonald's, that he was known for seeking out on the campaign trail. Instead, he enjoys the gourmet food prepared by the White House chef.
Later in the interview, when asked about the possibility of changing a piece of U.S. currency, Mnuchin jokingly responded, "I think we should look at putting President Trump on the $1,000 bill," referring to a denomination that does not exist.
Asked how Trump has changed on taking office, Mnuchin responded that he has taken on a greater sense of seriousness.
"This is not a formal, scheduled president who just has a bunch of people telling him what to do," Mnuchin explained, later saying that "he understands the seriousness of this job, and the responsibility."
Former minister Paul Lucas. Credit:Michelle Smith "Will the Premier explain how this Labor political hack was able to be offered a departmental $160,000 a year job and a start date before he had even submitted a CV?" Opposition Leader Lawrence Springborg asked. Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk defended the move, saying she had been informed Mr Hoge was not a permanent staffer and would still be subjected to the merit-based application process, before turning the attack back on the LNP over appointments it made under the Newman government. "Can I just contrast the way they appointed the director-generals?" she said. "Michael Caltabiano, a known personal friend of the former premier, was actually appointed as director-general of the Department of Transport and we know how that all ended up: absolutely terribly.
Letters were tabled showing Lawrence Springborg as health minister "was put on notice a full year before commissioning that transition arrangements were a risk" at Lady Cilento. Credit:File " ...This is the way they ran government, this is the way the LNP ran government and this is how they are continuing. I stand by my principles of merit-based appointments for director-generals and public servants." Ms Palaszczuk then read out a list of Newman government appointments she said were made without merit-based applications while defending the appointment of another former staffer, Paul Inches, to Treasury. The Opposition claimed Mr Inches had been brought in as the "union whisperer" to gather support for the government's proposed merge of electricity mergers. Ms Palaszczuk said Mr Inches was not on a permanent contract. Health has been a key area of attack for the Opposition in recent weeks, after reports of ongoing issues at the Lady Cilento Children's Hospital.
Opposition health spokesman Mark McArdle again criticised Health Minister Cameron Dick's handling of the situation, which Mr Dick responded to by criticising the Opposition on how they delivered the hospital. Meant as a replacement for the ageing Royal Children's Hospital, Lady Cilento was announced by former premier Peter Beattie in 2006 and was plagued with planning problems almost from the start. It was opened under the LNP, with a review finding the hospital had opened before it was ready. Mr Dick ordered a second review into the hospital, which again criticised the rushed opening and gave recommendations the government is working through, but subsequent reports from patient's families have added to its load. On Thursday, the Health Minister tabled letters from the Australian Medical Association of Queensland which he said showed Mr Springborg, the then health minister, "was put on notice a full year
before commissioning that transition arrangements were a risk".
But Mr Dick took particular umbrage at what he called a "smear campaign" against Mr Hoge, who the Opposition pointed out described himself as an "ex-political hack" on social media. "This is a man who worked for one-and-a-half years for the Department of Main roads, two-and-a-half years in the Department of Transport in 2009, he carried the torch in the 2000 Olympics, he wrote a book, he had overcome significant disabilities in his life and he wrote a book called Ugly, a book that has won awards, but what we have seen in this House today is nothing but ugly."
This past week I have been on a mission to hire a couple of people for the shoe shop I currently work for. You would think that in this economy, with this many unemployed people, and college students having trouble finding jobs, and basically there being a huge amount of people looking for work, that it would be really easy to find a couple of folks willing to put in a good 40 hours for decent pay. But apparently, hardly anybody really wants a good job, because if they did then they would put in the effort to follow basic instructions and to appear professional. Right??
You would think. But, as I'm wont to say, you would think a lot of things.
In the spirit of… well, a lot of things, I have put together a little instructional for all you College Rebels with all the secrets, straight from the hiring manager's mouth: How NOT to Get Hired.
1. Don't read the actual hiring advertisement. Don't even skim it. Really, the only reason you even need to click the link at all is to get the e-mail address to send your inquiry to.
To enhance this effect, don't actually send a resume or cover letter, just e-mail the hiring manager with a message inquiring for more information, or just a straightforward “Help me, I need this job!!” will also suffice if you do not wish to be contacted for an interview.
2. Copy and paste the same resume to every half-decent looking job advertisement on Craigslist. It really impresses the hiring manager that you put so little effort into a little resume-tailoring towards the type of job at hand. You could even impress this person more if you include a similarly copied-and-pasted cover letter; see below.
3. Write your cover letter and resume using as much disingenuous superfluousness as possible. Don't include any actual examples from your life or previous jobs/experiences that would actually make your cover letter stand out from all the other cover letters a person receives. When the hiring manager has to look over dozens of cover letter submissions, she really likes to see the same one from “Resumes and Cover Letters for Dummies” over and over again. It makes the process of elimination go faster, after all.
If you get the chance, by the way, never hesitate to add in your cover letter, good key sentences like, “The position requirements and my skills are a perfect match” and “I know that I would be a great fit and would be able to contribute immediately. I am very interested in becoming a part of your team. Your facility would gain an individual who is dependable, motivated, and personable. I would appreciate the opportunity to discuss my skills and experience at a beneficiary meeting.”
— Let's pause a second here to examine how writing a cover letter like this is not going to land you an interview, at least with me:
It has no concrete examples to back up any of the claims this person is making. If you wanted to be considered for that ‘beneficiary meeting', how about: “I would be a great fit because I am a bit of a shoe aficionado and I could easily converse with customers to find out what type of shoe they are really looking for.”
“I am very interested in becoming a part of your team…. [I am] motivated, and personable.” If you are interested, SHOW me! Write me a cover letter that is detailed towards MY shop! That would also display motivation!
And if you're so personable, why don't you write me a real, genuine cover LETTER from your own heart? Your words and your actions are not lining up and we haven't even gotten past the first step in the application process.
I would much rather in a million years get a two-line, misspelled, run-on sentence that came from the heart of a person who cared about each job they were applying to than three paragraphs of pretentiously well-written bull.
4. In the spirit of How to Not Get Hired tip #1, skim over the text of the advertisement just enough to get the gist, and then send your resume. Never mind that the hiring manager asked for a resume, cover letter, and three references. Just send the resume, and maybe a reference or two, if they were already on the resume. Hiring managers don't care about details, and they probably won't even notice that you neglected half of what you were instructed to do. That doesn't reflect on your ability to be on time or to perform simple job tasks at all, no sir!
5. Don't bother with simple grammar and formatting of your cover letter and resume. It doesn't reflect on your ability to be reliable and professional that you can't seem to remember that you are applying for a JOB and not texting your BFF.
Seriously: as indicated on your resume, you did in fact go to high school. Don't they teach you how to write correctly in high school? I never went, so I wouldn't know, but I'm pretty sure there are still English classes that teach you how to do simple things like:
– Capitalize: “hi, my name is jessica and i saw your ad on craigslist” OR “Hi, my name is Jessica and I saw your ad on Craigslist”?
– Punctuate: “Hi my name is Jessica I saw your ad on Craigslist I am really interested in working for you I am very dependable a good listener organized…” OR “Hi, my name is Jessica. I saw your ad on Craigslist and I am really interested in working for you. I am very dependable, a good listener, and organized.”
– Basic spelling: “ur ad on cl was amazin how on erth do you git a job at ur place??” OR “Your advertisement on Craigslist intrigued me and I couldn't stop thinking about what I could do to get a job at your shoe store – so I started with using correctly spelled words in my cover letter! What do you think?”
– Eye-friendly formatting: Think sentences. Paragraphs. Make sure your computer didn't space things strangely if you copied and pasted something from a word processor to the body of the email. Be clear, concise, easy on the eyes, and when in doubt, use bullet points.
– SPACES: spaces go between words so that you can tell when a new word is starting. Spaces also go after punctuation marks: You,don't,write,a,sentence,with,no,spaces,after,the,commas. It is an indication of lackadaisical tendencies, which I'm not looking for in a future employee. Sorry.
So guys, I hope that helps you know what to do when you don't actually want to get hired by someone. We College Rebels can be Employment Rebels too, after all. Who needs The Man??
But seriously. Go be awesome and genuine and stand out from the crowd. How else do you expect to land your dream job, with or without a degree??
UPDATE: We freaking called it! Punisher is coming to Marvel's Daredevil in 2016 on Netflix!
Take this with a grain of salt… Because it is going to taste ridiculously sweet! Apparently, Marvel is planning a rather grand “Phase 2” of their TV-series-MCU and Punisher appears to be at the forefront of adaptation choices.
The catalysts are these: Daredevil didn't shy away from brutal violence and is considered to be one of the best comic book adaptations ever executed. The Vigilantist is reporting via anonymous sources that Netflix is ‘focusing' on The Punisher for its Phase 2 plans in the MCU TV series lineup.
Thomas Jane, who played Frank Castle in the more widely-known big screen adaptations of the comics, has stated that he is done with the character when asked about reprising the role… So that leaves plenty of speculation room when it comes to casting. Marvel has done a brilliant job with Charlie Cox as Daredevil, and we expect equivalent greatness from AKA Jessica Jones' casting choices as well.
Our money is on Jon Hamm.
If you guys think you can do better, let us know in the comments below!
I know many intelligent, thoughtful people who are not sure one way or the other, about the existence of God. Generally, they are classified as agnostics. While I disagree with their position, usually they are very aware of the reasonable arguments for God's existence and I, on the other hand, understand very clearly the questions that bother them. What is most striking about the modern atheistic movement, however, is the cloud of arrogance that seems to hover above its most well known proponents; much like the ubiquitous dust-cloud that followed the Peanuts character, Pig-Pen. A striking example of this arrogance is the name they chose to give to their gathering over the weekend in our nation's capitol: “Reason Rally”
Make no mistake; these people really are convinced they have a monopoly on reason and logical thinking. Two of the leading proponents of atheism in our day, Richard Dawkins and Professor Daniel Dennet, actually proposed that atheists should be called “brights” due to their elevated status. Much to his credit, the late atheistic propagandist Christopher Hitchens, was appalled by the idea.
What fuels the hubris of writers like Richard Dawkins, Daniel Dennet, Sam Harris, Jerry Coyne, P.Z. Myers, etc. is their belief that Science unequivocally supports their godless view of reality. An honest, open-minded investigation will reveal, however, that Science offers close to nothing in support of atheism. A prodigious leap of faith is required to believe such a notion; a leap that rivals any that might be demanded by a particular religion. At every critical point of contention between believers and non-believers, scientific evidence is at the very least, inconclusive, and at best, supports belief in God and the spiritual:
Origin of Life – Much to the chagrin of chemists and molecular biologists, the “dirty little secret” of origin of life research – as Dr. Eugene Koonin put it – is that Science has, until now, utterly failed in its quest to discover a plausible naturalistic explanation for the origin of the astoundingly complex molecular machinery and information systems found in the earliest life on our planet. It is these same super-sophisticated machines and genetic information systems that would allow Darwinian evolution – conceding its truth for argument's sake – to take place. The origin of these systems is a complete mystery. Perhaps the reason is because there is no naturalistic explanation. Perhaps, Darwin forbid, there is a Creator.
Human Consciousness and our unique sense of Identity – Neuroscientists are absolutely baffled when asked to explain the phenomena of human consciousness and self-awareness. Dr. Jerry Fodor, a non-believing cognitive scientist, has put it this way: “Nobody has the slightest idea how anything material could be conscious. Nobody even knows what it would be like to have the slightest idea about how anything material could be conscious.” Nobel-Prize winning biologist George Wald has stated: “Consciousness seems wholly impervious to science.” Anyone ready to consider a non-material soul?
Man's Relentless Search for Meaning and Abstract Moral Values – The Darwinian psychologist grasps at straws trying to understand why every other form of life on the planet does not seem to be bothered at all by the aforementioned issues and lives and thrives quite successfully without them, while human beings are obsessed with “meaning” and “moral values” and cannot live without them. The painful conundrum this raises in the atheist position is expressed by the French philosopher Jean Paul Sartre: “That God does not exist I cannot deny, that my whole being cries out for God, I cannot forget.” Is there anyone out there open-minded enough to consider that perhaps human beings are radically and qualitatively different than all other forms of life?
In short, Science has nothing to tell us about where we came from, who we are, and where we are going. Science, particularly in the area of medicine, has helped save countless lives. However, Science has no answer to the question of why a human life is worth saving in the first place; in fact, scientific knowledge is irrelevant in any attempt to seriously address the question. Despite this, I can still understand why someone might have doubts about God's existence. What I find incomprehensible, though, is the arrogant proclamation that the only reasonable position worth rallying for is atheism. In truth, such a stance is patently irrational.
In my opinion, the most revealing moment of the “Reason Rally” was a headline performance by Australian entertainer, Tim Minchin. While the audience – many with young children in tow – clapped and bounced along with the rhythm, Mr. Minchin attempted to claim his place in the Guinness Book of Records by saying the word mother****er as many times as is humanly possible during a 3-minute “song.” The enthusiastic reaction of these “brights” to Mr. Minchin's antics tells us much more about the true state of modern atheism than any science textbook ever will.
Rabbi Moshe Averick is an orthodox rabbi, a regular columnist for the Algemeiner Journal, and author of Nonsense of a High Order: The Confused and Illusory World of the Atheist. It is available on Amazon.com and Kindle. Rabbi Averick can be reached via his website.
Medicaid Saved Obamacare, and Single-Payer Universal Health Insurance May Be Back on the Agenda Sooner Than You Think
Mark Weisbrot
The Hill, March 31, 2017
The Huffington Post, March 31, 2017
See article on original site
A lot of the reporting on Trump's epic failure on the attempted repeal of Obamacare has focused on the Freedom Caucus, a group of libertarian-minded representatives for whom the administration's bill did not go far enough in obliterating the gains from the Obama administration's expansion of health care coverage.
But the defeat of Trump's American Health Care Act (AHCA) may have had more to do with the pressure — including grassroots organizing — and risks faced by many Republican representatives who feared taking away insurance that most voters want. And one cannot assume that all members of the Freedom Caucus acted out of ideological concerns; they too have constituents that need health care.
Much of this is explained, with examples and some history, in an excellent article from The New York Times. And there are broader implications for the way forward.
About 11 million of the approximately 20 million people who gained health insurance under Obamacare did so under its provision for expansion of Medicaid, the joint Federal/state program that provides health insurance for low-income Americans. The expansion included people with income up to 138 percent of the poverty line.
The Times summed up how far-reaching Medicaid had become, now enrolling 21 percent of the population — more than Medicare (the program of public health insurance for Americans over 64):
Medicaid now provides medical care to four out of 10 American children. It covers the costs of nearly half of all births in the United States. It pays for the care of two-thirds of people in nursing homes. And it provides for 10 million children and adults with physical or mental disabilities […] almost two-thirds of Americans in a poll by the Kaiser Family Foundation said they were either covered by Medicaid or had a family member or friend who was.
Medicaid is not a universal entitlement, but it is an entitlement that now affects tens of millions of people who are not poor. This provides it with some considerable political protection. The only major entitlement that was taken away from us was Aid to Families with Dependent Children (AFDC), which was undone by the Clinton administration in 1996. It was vulnerable because it served only poor people; sadly, since its repeal, there has been a large increase in the number of people living in extreme poverty.
The Republicans thought they could similarly decimate a program that was designed for low-income people, but this one now has too big of a base. The Congressional Budget Office estimated that the Republican bill would have reduced the number of people receiving Medicaid by 14 million over 10 years. And a lot more people would be affected than these numbers indicate: millions go in and out of enrollment, and millions of people have family members in nursing homes or who are disabled, that they could not afford to take care of without Medicaid.
In the area of health insurance, as in retirement income, universal social insurance is clearly the way to go. Social Security has become the “third rail” of American politics — nobody can touch it — because it works and because most Americans believe in the basic values that it represents: that people have a right to a secure retirement, and it is reasonable to tax current income in order to provide for the future retirement security of everyone. Attempts to partially privatize it in the 1990s and in 2005 were defeated.
Obamacare was a step toward universal health care, most importantly with the expansion of Medicaid. Obama could not get universal, single payer health care but the system that was created suffers from a number of weaknesses, including adverse selection in the private insurance exchanges that it created (i.e. not enough healthy people in the insurance pool). Trump has announced that he would await its impending “implosion” and “explosion,” and has plenty of administrative power to sabotage the current system. Other Republicans have declared they will find a way to repeal it.
In the wake of the Republican defeat, Bernie Sanders announced that he would introduce a bill for universal, single payer, health insurance — i.e. Medicare for everyone. With the Republicans controlling Congress and the presidency, this may seem a symbolic or even quixotic gesture. But there are some sensible reasons to relaunch this effort right now. Even if the Democrats were in charge, it would take a few years to make any significant progress toward this goal. If present trends continue, the Trump presidency will be an unmitigated disaster, and we will be facing a very different political alignment four years from now.
Some polls have shown majorities in favor of single payer health care. In the last election cycle we also went rather quickly from a widely believed politician-and-media-backed falsehood that Social Security was in serious financial trouble, to even Hillary Clinton saying that benefits needed to be expanded, not cut. That is the direction that the country is going, with Bernie Sanders, despite losing the Democratic presidential primary, being one of the most popular politicians in the country; and Trump in the doghouse with 37 percent approval.
The economic case for universal, single-payer health care has long been irrefutable, and the fact that we pay twice as much per person for health care as the average high-income country and have worse health outcomes is a constant reminder. Of course there is the political power of the private insurance and pharmaceutical companies, and other special interests, and that has stood in the way. But look at what just happened to the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement. That was legislation that the most powerful interests in the country — not only corporations but also the “national security state” wanted so badly they just couldn't stop lying about it. And yet the public interest prevailed.
That was a result of 20 years of organizational and educational work. Hopefully it won't take us that long to get to real universal health care. But there is no time to waste.
More disturbing is that only a few of the dozens of Western-funded human rights organizations that operate in the Gaza Strip have raised their voice against Hamas's abuse of children. Even the United Nations Children's Fund [UNICEF], which was created to work for children's rights, their survival, development and protection, has yet to condemn Hamas for recruiting school children to its military apparatus.
Thousands of Palestinian schoolchildren have been receiving military training in the Gaza Strip to prepare them for jihad against Israel.
According to Mohamed Siam, a senior official with the Hamas-run ministry, some 9,000 high school children have already joined 36 camps throughout the Gaza Strip and are being taught how to use various types of weapons and handle explosives.
Hamas says that the purpose of the camps is to prepare Palestinian children, both militarily and psychologically, for the "liberation of Palestine, from the Jordan] river to the [Mediterranean] sea," in other words, all of Israel.
How can anyone talk about the two-state solution when thousands of Palestinian children are being trained to use weapons and explosives to replace Israel with an Islamic state? Does Mahmoud Abbas really believe that these schoolchildren will ever accept his strategy of peace with Israel? These are questions the West needs to ask itself before once again pressing for a two-state solution.
The training is being held under the supervision of the Hamas government's Ministry of Education, and the training camps have been named Al-Futuwwa [spiritual chivalry].
According to Wikipedia, Al-Futuwwa was the name of the Hitler-Jugend [Hitler Youth] style of pan-Arab fascistic and nationalistic youth movement that existed in Iraq in the 1930s and 1940s. In 1938, the Al-Futuwwa youth organization sent a delegate to the Nuremberg Nazi party rally, and in turn hosted the Hitler Youth leader Baldur von Schirach. In 1941, the fascistic pan-Arab Al-Muthanna Club and its Al-Futuwwa movement participated in the Farhud attack on Baghdad's Jewish community.
Last week, during a graduation ceremony for thousands of school children, Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh declared that his movement was planning to establish a military academy for training and educating seventh and ninth graders. The goal, he said, is to prepare Palestinian children for jihad against the "Zionist entity."
Addressing the cadets, Haniyeh declared: "You are the future leaders. You will march your people toward freedom and dignity. The Al-Futuwwa will end in victory and the liberation of all Palestine, "from the Jordan River to the Mediterranean Sea."
Not surprisingly, parents in the Gaza Strip have not protested against this form of child abuse. Many parents, in fact, seem to like the idea that their children are being trained how to handle explosives and various types of weapons.
More disturbing is that only a few of the dozens of Western-funded human rights organizations that operate in the Gaza Strip have raised their voices against Hamas's abuse of children. Even the United Nations Children's Fund [UNICEF], which was created to work for children's rights, their survival, development and protection, has yet to condemn Hamas for recruiting school children to its military apparatus.
Many of Hamas's children will undoubtedly be sent to the battlefront during the next round of fighting with Israel. Some will also be dispatched on suicide missions against the "Zionist enemy," while others will be provided with assault rifles and rockets to be used against Israeli targets.
By poisoning the hearts and minds of schoolchildren, Hamas is raising an entire generation of Palestinians on glorification of suicide bombers, jihad and terrorism.
And this is happening at a time when some governments and leaders in the West are talking about the need to revive the peace process between the Palestinians and Israel — and at a time when the Palestinian Authority is making efforts to achieve unity with Hamas.
These are questions that Abbas needs to ask himself as he continues to seek unity with Hamas; and that the West might do well to ask itself, too.
One of the most exciting things about the possibility of a Major League Soccer team coming to your city is imagining what the team will look like on the field. The colors, the logo, the jerseys: they all become a part of your identity as a soccer supporter.
So when Marcus Smith and his NASCAR friends submitted a bid to Major League Soccer for an expansion franchise last January, the wheels of soccer fans all over the Queen City started turning. What would that team be called? What would they look like? Where would we place our tattoos?
Of course, some soccer fans in Charlotte have abilities with digital design, and Brandon Robinson is one of those fans. Today, he's letting us unveil his first public concept: the black and white stripes of Racing Carolina.
Racing Carolina. Est. 2020. (Concept by Brandon Robinson, all rights reserved)
The Badge
“The challenge with being a potentially new franchise is the temptation to be trendy and “now.” Instead, the goal should be to create an identity that people resonate with, not something gimmicky that will need to be “updated” within ten years.
“The Racing Carolina badge blends a traditional soccer aesthetic with modern flourishes. Being that any team in the Carolinas, and especially in Charlotte, would most likely draw support from both sides of the border, it seems fitting that the Carolina name reflects that. The “NC” and “SC” are there to drive that point home. The black and white stripes are reminiscent of traditional soccer badges around the early 20th century.
“The cool thing about the crest is that it feels like it has history behind it; for expansion teams, that's not always the case. Your crest is your brand, and this crest is clear, bold and iconic.”
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, Russia's President Vladimir Putin and former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad pose for a picture at the Gas Exporting Countries Forum (GECF) at the Kremlin in Moscow, July 1, 2013. REUTERS/Yuri Kochetkov Three major countries that have been a thorn in the side of the United States are going to see diminishing influence over the coming years because of declining oil prices.
That's the verdict of Bank of America economists who looked into the international political effects of the price slump. Here's what they had to say (emphasis ours).
Here's Francisco Rodriguez, BAML's Andean economist, on Venezuela:
High oil prices in recent years allowed Venezuela to expand its influence in the region. The cost of this was very large for the country. We estimate the stock of loans to regional allies currently outstanding totals $25bn.
The restoration of full diplomatic relations between the United States and Cuba is an important byproduct of this decline in Venezuela's influence. From Cuba's vantage point, the need to change its sources of external income is evident.
In our view, the implications of this important announcement reach beyond Cuba's borders, as it can help reshape the relationships between the US and Latin America, a region where a large fraction of governments is headed by leftist parties.
Russia won't only be hit in terms of the amount it can spend on its military: There are other ways it will lose influence in Eurasia because of the oil price slump, according to BAML Russia economist Vladimir Osakovskiy:
Obviously, more abundant capital gave the government a greater ability to increase spending on such a political item as defence, which gave it more tools for an independent foreign policy on the international agenda. Russia's defense spending reached peaks in the mid-1980s and in 2014...
Abundant and expansive energy resources also provide a lot of "soft power" that can be converted easily into political benefits through discounted gas shipments, direct financial support to loyal governments, etc. Over the past 5-10 years Russia has been quite active in supporting loyal governments in Belarus, Armenia and Ukraine. However, the capacity for such soft power is declining with lower oil prices.
Iran is a slightly different case. Here's Jean-Michel Saliba, a middle east, Europe and Africa economist at BAML:
Over a longer time frame, we would expect lower financial support to regional proxy armed groups to weaken some of the geopolitical dynamics on the ground. However, this can be moderated by various factors...
The resurgent Houthi military gains in Yemen, continued engagement in the Syrian conflict and recent Hezbollah-Israeli hostilities suggest Iranian regional ideological involvement is unlikely to alter course materially in the near term given the elevated stakes.
So while the oil price drop is bad for Iran's influence, a bunch of other factors are going to keep it high for some time yet.
The basic take-away is that while the US shale sector may to be targeted of the energy-rich gulf states that are driving oil prices down, the US is also going to be a major beneficiary as some international headaches get less painful.
About two months ago, I was asked by a member of the local league I commish to replace an inactive owner in the league he commishes. I replied that I don't have the time to monitor another team, but if all I'm asked to do is respond to trade offers and ensure I maintain a healthy active lineup (I totally failed at that task), then sure, I'll take over the team. This is a keeper league in its inaugural year that I was actually asked to join before the season began, but declined for several irrelevant reasons. The league rules are relatively standard, with mixed rosters, 14 teams, and a limit of three keepers. An auction was conducted to roster players and keepers could only be selected from players acquired via the auction, with a salary $5 above their auction price.
Not surprisingly, the team I took over was pretty bad. It had some surprising gems, including a $1 Aaron Judge, but lots of crap and the team languished in the bottom five. I barely did anything with the team, aside from bidding on a potential closer at some point, along with rejecting a bunch of bad trade offers. But the trade deadline comes on August 20, and that means it's quickly time to look at the standings, then your roster, and assess if you have a shot at the money or not. To dump or not to dump is the question.
Obviously, I have nothing on the line so I'm a bit biased, but the team is weak and with a thin free agent pool, it appeared impossible to ever get this team into the money. So it was an easy call to dump, and that's when the ethics and integrity issues arise.
I have only participated in a keeper league once, and in that one time, I didn't even remain for the second season. So, I have never actually played a season, selected keepers, and then entered the following year with a list of keepers with which to surround during the draft or auction. However, I do know that if you have no shot at the money in a keeper league, then every player you own at a non-keeper price is worthless to you. Ideally, you trade off all your pieces to improve your keeper situation next year. Unfortunately, that likely means ensuring the rich get richer and really pissing off the rest of the league.
So this is what just happened…
A week or so ago, I reviewed all the rosters and auction salaries and made a short list of the best keepers in the league. I generally only cared about $1 keepers and focused on hitters. Turned out, every single one of the five keepers I listed belonged to the same team…ya know, the one in first place, of course (who is also a member of my local league). So I emailed him, told him exactly who I was interested in and which of my players were off limits as potential keepers.
The top two keepers in my mind were Cody Bellinger and Yoan Moncada, both with $1 salaries, keepable next year for $6 each. While I preferred Bellinger, he had little interest in trading him, so the focus shifted toward Moncada. As we continued to discuss possibilities, I posted a message on the league message board with my intention to trade my stars for keepers. In a keeper league, this is the best strategy as teams fight for your best players. Though that was my hope, it didn't happen. I got a couple of offers from one team, all terrible, and I quickly declined. That was it.
So back to the first place team. In my mind, anyone I was not going to keep had no value to me. So he could ask for every player that was an upgrade and if that was what he required to send me Moncada, then sure, we have a deal!
I logged on today to find the following offer made to me:
Yoan Moncada for Jake Arrieta, Gary Sanchez, Josh Donaldson, and Robinson Cano
Wowzers, that's a lot for Moncada. But who cares? None of those players are at prices I would consider keeping, so if that's what I need to give up to acquire a top keeper for next year, that's what I'll have to pay. It's not like anyone else made any real offers to compete anyway.
Since I would need to replace all those stars and don't feel like searching the free agent pool, I asked the Moncada owner to send over the guys he's benching/dropping to make room for his new collection of stars. So the final offer included Jonathan Lucroy, Ariel Miranda, and Chris Davis, to go along for Moncada.
Accepted.
After I asked the owner to send over those replacements, I said I hope this doesn't piss off the rest of the league. I genuinely meant that because it sucks when these types of trades occur and the standings are potentially affected in a dramatic fashion by someone at the bottom of the standings.
Sure enough, I got an email soon after from the commish questioning the trade. Knowing the two of us, he wasn't suspecting collusion, but still felt like I gave up wayyyyyy too much for Moncada and was none too thrilled.
So what am I supposed to do? The way keeper leagues are set up, this is just a side effect of the structure. Whether I finish in 11th place or 13th place, it doesn't matter. If my non-keepable players have no value to me, why wouldn't I just give up whatever is requested to secure a guy I considered one of the top keepers in the league? Should I have negotiated with the first place owner? What would have been the point? It's not like I need to save my stars for another keeper trade. We could only keep three players, and one of them would be Judge. I have several other good options for a second keeper, so I don't need any additional keepers after Moncada.
So keeper league players — Did I act foolishly? Is this truly ruining the integrity of the league, as the commish claimed? Should I care about how a trade affects the standings, even if I am looking out for the best interest of my team and improving my position for next year (am I really supposed to reject a trade because I think other owners will be pissed?!)? Should I really have negotiated with the first place team to perhaps give him two to three players, instead of four? Is this just what happens in keeper leagues and there's nothing one can do about it? And last of all, is there really any reason to hold onto non-keepable players if you're headed for a non-money finish?
Production of plastic bags can be traced back to 1950s.
But the lightweight shopping bag saw the light in the early 1960s when a Swedish engineer, Sten Gustaf Thulin, found a method of designing a simple and yet strong bag with a high load-carrying capacity, which was later patented worldwide by Celloplast of Norrköping, Sweden in 1965.
It wasn't until early 1980s though, after US petrochemicals group Mobil successfully overturned Celloplast's US patent, that the worldwide adoption of the lightweight plastic bags took its hold.
Once the manufacturing was perfected, Kroger, a Cincinnati-based grocery chain, began to replace its paper shopping bags with plastic bags in 1982, which was shortly followed by its rival, Safeway.
Plastic bags soon became very popular. The very low manufacturing costs of the bags, which were made from ethylene, a by-product of petroleum, meant using them in abundance by everyone with no thoughts of its consequences. The effects of their usage in a very short-time proved to be very damaging to all things that mattered—to nature, to land and marine animals, and even to man-made infrastructures.
State of the Bag
It is estimated that a plastic bag might take up to 1,000 years to photodegrade, but in recent news, scientists are baffled by the “mysterious disappearance of plastic bags” that are littering the surface of our oceans.
Whether the result of these changes are good or bad, one wonders, if the disintegrated pieces of bags will find their way into our bodies through the food chain. Sadly, only time will tell.
People who came before us defined who we are today and left behind countless problems for us to solve. We can't tackle them all in our generation, but we can do our best to solve the obvious, the simple, the most beneficial that can make a difference not just for the next generation, but for today's, “ours.”
It is the duty of every one of us to first teach ourselves conservation before defining it for the next generation. It is our duty to leave no trace and conserve our planet.
Until such time that science finds a safe and environmentally friendly way of destroying these bags: reduce, reuse and recycle.
Paper or Plastic— Neither.
It is easy and more conceivable to believe that paper bags are a better choice over plastic bags, but truth be told, paper bags bring their own bad baggage.
Even before a paper bag gets in your hand, a tree must first be cut-down and processed with large energy-consuming machinery. Then this tree must be delivered by large trucks to manufacturing facilities where even more harmful resources are used by the time the final product reaches to you.
All in all, paper bags promote additional deforestation and destruction of natural carbon-dioxide consuming and oxygen producing perennial plants—the trees.
What's Next?
Governments in some countries took note of the after-effects of disposable plastic bag usage and within a few short years after it's introduction started to impose taxes on distribution or regulate their usage.
With an estimate of up to a trillion plastic bags used worldwide each year by Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the plastic bag with its many agreeable benefits and uses, also brought environmental disaster and ugliness wherever the wind carried it.
Within the United States, the city of Fairfax, California took the lead phasing-out plastic bags with her small population in August 2007.
Today, various cities and municipalities of 17 states have programs phasing-out plastic bags by banning them from stores or imposing fees. But too much time has passed since the realization of their effects and more can be done.
Reach out to your local congressman or senator and petition to ban plastic bags in your local city and adopt using reusable bags. You can do your immediate part today by investing in few good eco-friendly bags. You might find them in your local stores or better yet, checkout our canvas and string bags and support the fight against hunger where Minopo will donate one meal with every five dollar purchase for a child in need.
Love elephant and want to go steady?
Apprentice Editor: Lauryn DeGrado / Editor: Travis May
Photo: Bagit Movie/Pinterest
By Simon Atkinson
Business reporter, BBC News
The debate looked at wages, debt and the future of the game Football clubs should consider more performance-related bonuses and lowering the basic salaries of players, a sports finance expert has said. Dan Jones of advisory firm Deloitte called on clubs to look again at how it remunerated its stars. "There's no bonus culture. It's the same, win lose or draw. Why is that allowed to persist?" he asked. Mr Jones was speaking at a BBC debate on the finances of football held at the Soccerex event in Manchester. BBC chief economics correspondent Hugh Pym cited City banks such as HSBC and Barclays that were profitable and so paid their key executives bonuses which were several times higher than their salaries. However, he pointed out that such payments, linked to success, were not replicated in football. Your debt builds up the spirit in your club breaks the fans see nothing to be optimistic about and the players are not motivated properly because they know they're going to struggle
Lee Staffrd
Chairman, Sheffield Wednesday "The thing about high player wages is they are often at loss-making clubs. There seems to be a mis-match there which you don't see in other parts of business," he said. 'Locked in' Wages paid by top-flight English sides in 2007/8 - the latest season for which figures are available - grew by 23% from the previous season, to £1.2bn. Chelsea, Manchester United, Arsenal and Liverpool had the highest wage bill in that report. However, while these clubs are seen as well-resourced, panellists on the debate suggested that smaller teams would especially benefit from changes to player pay structures. West Ham co-owner David Gold said that high wages were a threat to some clubs, especially if they were subsequently relegated and lost out on cash from television rights deals. Portsmouth last week became the first Premier League club to be pushed into administration - with its wage bill one of the key reasons behind its £60m debt. "I don't disagree about players receiving due reward for amazing skills, what I don't want to see is that wage structure take clubs into administration," Mr Gold said. "You have players earning £60,000 or more a week. Then a club gets relegated and that club is locked into a contract with players." Sheffield Wednesday chairman Lee Stafford said his club had suffered those problems after slipping out of the Premier League in 2000. "It almost guarantees a downward spiral because you have players that aren't going to want to move on, and clubs aren't going to want to sign them. "So your debt builds up, the spirit in your club breaks, the fans see nothing to be optimistic about and the players are not motivated properly because they know they're going to struggle," he said. "We feel massively disadvantaged by other clubs that are racking up debts... paying players that they should not be and getting further up the league. It's not a level playing field and we need governance in the game to improve." Chief executive of the Professional Footballers Association, Gordon Taylor, said that players "did not hold a gun to the heads of clubs" when it came to wages being set. And they almost always would continue to play if their club was struggling to pay wages on time, he added. Earlier, at the Soccerex event, it emerged that Europe's top clubs had succeeded in delaying the full introduction of Uefa's new financial fair play rules. The rules will apply in 2015 instead of 2012 and will govern the amount of debt clubs can accrue, with European bans a possible punishment if they are broken.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The last two posts covered the integer and floating point data types in the C language. This week we cover the char data type.
In C, the name char is short for character, it has enough space to store one character. A char doesn't handle Unicode or any of the other multi-byte character encodings, C has other extensions to support those.
Character data types are seemingly simple, but since C was designed for optimization, to save bytes and cycles, a few bad decisions were made along the way which have proved to be very expensive. Let's take a look at characters, strings, and some problems that you need to know about.
Characters and Strings
Like integers and floats, the size of a char is not specified in the language, and should not be assumed. As you can see in the table below, these current production Texas Instruments processors vary drastically in their data type bit lengths. Look at the C55x Digital Signal Processors, they have 16-bit characters, a 40-bit integer type, and no way to get an 8-bit integer.
Executives from two of Canada's biggest wireless carriers denounced Tuesday a proposed spending cap in submissions to the country's telecom regulator, arguing it would be technically impossible to implement and serve little purpose other than to annoy customers.
In an effort to address bill shock, a provision of the draft wireless code proposed by the Canadian Radio-Television and Telecommunications Commission would require wireless service providers to suspend certain services once a customer incurred additional fees of $50 or an amount of their choosing.
If a user was travelling in the United States or internationally, for example, and incurred roaming or data charges of $50 in excess of that provided in their monthly plan, the service provider would have to suspend those services for the balance of the month.
[The proposed fee] creates so many technical and practical problems that it is, with respect, impossible
Representatives from Telus Corp. and Rogers Communications Inc. told a panel of the CRTC during a hearing in Gatineau, Que. that the provision is unwieldy.
“The proposal to cap additional fees once they hit $50 creates so many technical and practical problems that it is, with respect, impossible,” said Raj Doshi, senior vice-president of products at Rogers.
Ken Engelhart, senior vice-president of regulatory for Toronto-based Rogers told the panel it would be feasible to cap certain services individually, but “aggregating everything with a real-time usage and rating engine would cost hundreds of millions of dollars.”
While capping individual services such as data roaming or domestic data would be possible, he urged against it, arguing customers are better served by flexible packages that automatically bump them up to the next, more expensive level if they go over their monthly limits.
“Our advice to you is that capping is very disruptive,” Mr. Engelhart said.
“People are using these services and rely on them so we think it would be a very large customer irritant to be in the middle of a data session when you're roaming — or even domestically — and that your service basically be suspended at $50,” Ted Woodhead, senior vice-president of federal government and regulatory affairs at Vancouver-based Telus, said in an interview.
He added that setting up a system to allow customers to set individual caps would be “enormously expensive.”
Telus executives told the panel headed by CRTC chair Jean-Pierre Blais that the company already has a cap of $200 on fees incurred anywhere outside Canada, above which customers must explicitly agree to continue their usage.
If the code does ultimately contain a cap on additional fees, they said, it should be closer to $200 than $50. The higher amount, they said, corresponds to when customers tend to become concerned and call in to complain. Executives from Rogers said $100 or $200 would be more appropriate.
Both companies said they already provide monitoring tools and notifications of data use and that consumers concerned about never going over a set amount can use pre-paid options.
Steve Anderson, executive director of Vancouver-based consumer advocacy group OpenMedia.ca said in an email the CRTC was, “rightly listening to Canadians… in putting the idea of overage caps forward.”
“We pay some of the highest prices in the industrialized world for some of the worst service. Capping expensive and unnecessary overage fees that are out of step with actual cost of service, is the least the telecom companies can do at this point,” Mr. Anderson said.
Representatives from OpenMedia and the Canadian Internet Policy and Public Interest Clinic were also on hand Tuesday to make submissions to the panel.
Mr. Blais also pressed Telus executives on the company's policy of continuing to charge the three-year monthly plan rate once the term of the contract has expired.
Since the three-year rate includes a monthly amount in recognition of the subsidy the company paid for the consumer's device at the start, once the term is up and they have paid off the cost of the device, they are entitled to a 10% discount.
Mr. Blais asked why that 10% discount is not automatically applied.
“That's something we're going to have to take away and think about,” Mr. Woodhead said in a later interview.
The hearings continue for the rest of the week, with representatives from the country's third national wireless carrier Bell Communications Enterprises Inc. set to appear Thursday.
The CRTC began seeking input into a mandatory national code for the $19.1-billion wireless industry last fall and after hearing from consumers online and through written submissions, developed the draft document it published two weeks ago.
The Padres have agreed to a minor league deal with veteran utilityman Skip Schumaker, Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports reports on Twitter. Contract details have yet to be reported.
Schumaker hit the market when his option was declined by the Reds earlier in the offseason. That did not come as much of a surprise after two tough years in Cincinnati, in which he accumulated a .238/.297/.322 slash in 539 plate appearances.
There were more prosperous years before that, of course, as Schumaker enjoyed a nice run with the Cardinals and brief stop with the Dodgers before joining the Reds. In just under 3,000 MLB turns at bat over the 2007-13 campaigns, he carried a .288/.346/.375 batting line.
It isn't hard to see the match-up here, as the Padres still have a fair bit of flexibility in settling upon a bench mix. Schumaker will presumably compete for a utility role in camp. He's spent most of his career splitting time between second base and the outfield.
As he qualified as an Article XX(B) free agent, Schumaker will automatically receive the protections afforded such players — though he could also have negotiated other terms. Five days before the season begins, San Diego will have to decide whether to add him to its major league roster, pay him a $100K retention bonus, or cut him loose. If the bonus is paid, Schumaker would also pick up a June 1 opt-out date.
Racism As a Virtue
“If you think I'm a racist, then Israel is a racist state.” These were the words of the embattled mayor of the Israeli, predominantly Jewish, town of Upper Nazareth, or Natzrat Ilit, in Hebrew. The mayor, Shimon Gafsou (wrongly translated as Gapso) is running for re-election on an anti-Arab platform, and his words bear a very close examination.
Gafsou's campaign has certainly been bold, and it needs to be—his tenure as mayor, which started in 2009, has been marked by allegations of corruption, including Gafsou's arrest in 2010. He was rebuked this past April by the State Comptroller for trying to fire a city official who was exposing corruption in Nazareth Ilit. So, as Gafsou campaigns for re-election, it is understandable that he is trying to deflect attention in another direction.
Overt racism is not new for Gafsou. In 2010, he assumed the role of The Grinch by forbidding the city's Arab citizens from erecting a Christmas tree in the town center. The Arab citizens said that the tree would symbolize the town's unity, where Jews, Christians and Muslims live together, but Gafsou said the act was “provocative” in a “Jewish city.”
The current row began when Gafsou's campaign decided to highlight his anti-Arab stance, with posters reading: “Upper Nazareth will be Jewish forever; no more shutting our eyes, no more grabbing on to the law allowing every citizen to live where he wants. This is the time to defend our home.” And another: “I will not allow the city's Jewish character to be changed. I will block the establishment of an Arab school and will build neighborhoods for Jewish residents … Upper Nazareth is a Jewish city!”
The Attorney General is now looking into complaints of racist incitement, but Gafsou is unbowed. Placing an op-ed in Israel's most liberal daily, Ha'aretz, the mayor laid out his case quite plainly. No doubt, Israelis across the spectrum were outraged. But, while some are genuinely offended, others must be uncomfortable with how close to the mark some of his points are. Still others, all too many of them, are either only upset that the veneer has been taken off of their own real views, which they know to be politically difficult, especially in international fora; and far more than many of us would care to admit are fully supportive of Gafsou's views.
Gafsou's case is that his exclusion of Arabs is very much in keeping with the Israeli tradition. He naturally cites the Torah, and particularly God's covenant with Abraham and Joshua's horrendously bloody conquest of Canaan. He quickly moves to Theodor Herzl and points out that he wrote “'The Jewish State,' not ‘The State of All Its Citizens.'”
Gafsou unwittingly shows us how anachronistic his thinking is. Herzl, who died in 1904, saw only that despite the Enlightenment, anti-Semitism remained strong in the Western world. Indeed, it would culminate with the rise of Fascism in the country where Jews had assimilated more completely than anywhere else in Europe. But Herzl could not envision the post-Holocaust world. His belief that Jews could never comfortably and fully assimilate into other countries has been proven wrong in much of the West. It would be patently false to say that anti-Semitism has been relegated to the dustbin of history in the United States, Canada, England, Australia and other places. Indeed, it has recently been resurgent in France, Germany and other European countries. But it is equally false to say that Jews have not assimilated in those countries. This has happened not because of Israel, but despite it. Israel was and remains predicated on the “in-gathering of the exiles,” yet the Diaspora grows faster than the Israeli Jewish population.
Perhaps most telling is this piece from Gafsou's rant: “Even our ‘racist' national anthem ignores the existence of the Arab minority — in other words, the people Ben-Gurion did not manage to expel in the 1948 war. If not for all that ‘racism,' it's doubtful we could live here, and doubtful that we could live at all.” Gafsou quickly and neatly lays to rest the notion that the Palestinians left because they thought the Jews were to be “driven into the sea,” or simply because they didn't want to live with Jews. The historical record of these events has been firmly established as few events are, largely because the Haganah's (the precursor to the modern Israeli army) records are so clear on the matter. Certainly many Palestinians fled, as civilians are wont to do in time of war, but a great many were intentionally driven out, either by operations intended to frighten them away or at gunpoint.
None of that is in serious dispute except by propagandists who work very hard (all too often successfully) to create a fiction about Israel's birth by writing a story that is clearly contradicted by Israeli records. Yet, there was also a larger story at that time, occurring as it did in the shadow of the Holocaust, the wake of Britain closing Palestine just as that genocide was starting up in earnest and the shame of the United States and other countries refusing entry to refugees fleeing Nazi extermination. That may not excuse the massive dispossession, the expulsions, years of martial law for those who remained or ensuing occupation, but it does help explain it and give it context. Gafsou removes all of that and leaves only one, all too real and very significant aspect of those actions: Zionist racism.
And that is why we need Shimon Gafsou. There are many simplistic explanations for Israel's behavior, for its history of dispossession, its 46 years of denying basic rights to millions of Palestinians, its human rights abuses. Some say that it is colonialism, security concerns, a response to terrorism, Israel's position as a US client state in a strategically important region. And some say it's just plain old racism. All of these are parts of the picture, as was the refusal to support those relatively few early Zionist immigrants who did try to work with Palestinians, poor strategy on the part of Arab leaders, British machinations during the Mandate, collaboration and conspiracy among those leaders who were speaking in the name of Palestinians (without actually speaking for them,) and many other factors. All of them need to be understood.
But Israel's insistence that it must be given the role of the downtrodden and persecuted, a role easily assumed in the context of Jewish history, belies its position as the regional hegemon with an overwhelming advantage in every way over the dispossessed, stateless and currently rudderless Palestinians. Shimon Gafsou's view is not at all uncommon in Israel and, especially, among so-called “pro-Israel” forces in the United States. It is fundamental to the ongoing oppression of Palestinians, in Israel and in the territories it occupies.
It's worth noting that Gafsou's argument is inherently anti-Semitic. He argues that Israel cannot exist without treating non-Jews badly. He ignores the context in which Herzl lived, or in which Ben-Gurion carried out the acts he cites. Herzl, who saw the Jews as a fundamentally abnormal people who, even in the post-Enlightenment world could not fit in to Western society. He and Ben-Gurion saw the Jews of the Diaspora as weak. Both also believed that “a New Jew” must be created through Zionism.
There was some truth to that. Zionism did provide a path for Jews to strengthen themselves and to be able to put up a fight against ant-Semitism. But, after the Holocaust, Jewry also found other ways to accomplish the same thing, something Herzl and Ben-Gurion did not believe was possible. Take the advancement of civil rights and racial equality in the US, during the postwar period, as but one example.
Today, Jews, collectively and individually, work from a position of strength, throughout the West. We have many allies who will not tolerate anti-Semitism, but we can also fight it ourselves in a way we never could before. And today there is an Israel, and it is a Jewish state. Ultimately, though, our strength cannot endure our own acts of injustice. That's where Gafsou has it backwards.
The past has happened. It cannot be reversed, nor can it be forgotten. Jews have suffered, and Israel has caused great suffering to the Palestinians. None of that can go away and no penance by anyone can truly make it better. But actions taken in the context of war and conflict – actions which even under those circumstances may not be excusable – cannot be permitted to be mirrored in other times.
Gafsou would claim that the ideas and actions of Herzl, Ben-Gurion and even the biblical Joshua creates a blueprint for how a powerful government should act. In fact, it is the opposite. The Bible commands that “if a stranger dwells in your land, you shall do him no wrong,” {Leviticus 19:33] and that, if taken along with God's commands to harshly conquer the land demonstrates clearly the difference between behavior in war and how you act as a government. But in modern times, we have moved beyond the biblical tribalism. We expect government to take care of the weakest among their citizens. Most governments fall pretty short of that bar, but few Western governments do as badly in this regard as Israel does.
And that is why we need Gafsou. He shines the light on Israel's abuse of Palestinians, and how it is rooted in a Zionist ideology that is badly outdated. Zionism—the need to for a national Jewish consciousness—need not be abandoned in order to transcend views like those of Gafsou, his friend and ally Avigdor Lieberman or the newest incarnation of these racist views, Naftali Bennett. But it certainly needs to be rethought, and recast away from its Herzlian roots as a particularistic and discriminatory nationalism. Other Zionist thinkers, such as Ahad Ha'am, Judah Magnes and Martin Buber, have blazed that trail, which so few have followed.
A post-Zionist future is also possible. A former teacher of mine, who described herself as a “Palestinian Jew” because she was born there before Israel was created, opined that Zionism was the drive to create a Jewish state, and that meant it was obsolete by 1949. She is not alone in that view.
As I have proposed elsewhere, a constitution that makes Israel both a state of all its citizens and guarantees it as a cultural homeland for Jews and refuge for those fleeing anti-Semitism, would mean an Israel which was no longer racist, but still was a place Jews could be at home. There are other options. But we will not reach any of them as long as racism is hidden under veils of legitimacy. That, more than any other reason, is why we need those who will strip that veil away and let us get to the heart of the racism matter. That is why we need Shimon Gafsou.
Photographs courtesy of Joel Schalit
(CBS News) Nicole Hockley lost her 6-year-old son Dylan in the Sandy Hook Elementary shootings, and has since turned to activism against gun violence. Hockley is one of the parents who went to Washington this week to lobby lawmakers. She also introduced President Obama at Monday's gun control rally in Hartford, Conn.
On "CBS This Morning" Friday, Hockley responded to a claim made this week by the National Rifle Association that "The sad truth is that no background check would have prevented the tragedies in Newtown, Aurora or Tucson." Referring to that claim, she said, "It's quite possibly true...(but) that doesn't mean we shouldn't be doing it."
She continued, "There are countless others across the states that do die because of the lack of background checks, the lack of consistent background checks, and I'm not just here for the 26 that died at Sandy Hook. I'm here for all the children and adults that die, and if we can make any steps forward to help save lives, then it's a step worth taking."
Special section: Elementary school rampage
Hockley said her story -- and the stories of other families affected by the Newtown shootings -- needs to be told. "This has been a difficult story to tell," she said. "It's difficult every day since Dylan was taken from me, but it's an important story to tell. ... People need to understand the loss that we have, as well as all the other losses from gun violence across the country."
Asked why she presented photo cards of her son to lawmakers this week, Hockley said, "The photo cards are important because senators are people, too. They're parents and they're grandparents and when I talk to them and when the other families talk to them, we're talking to them parent-to-parent.
"My son can't be here," she said. "His voice is gone, so I have an obligation to be his voice. ... I think it's important that the senators look at the pictures of my son when they're speaking to me, so they understand the loss and there's a face to this loss. We're not just a number. There are stats all over the place about the thousands of people that die. My son is not a number. His name was Dylan, and it's important that people remember that."
Hockley said she hopes she and the other families are making a difference with their efforts. "I can't have this be a senseless tragedy or all the other deaths be a senseless tragedy," she said. "...This is the time for a change to happen, and anything that we can do to make that change happen is what all of us will do."
Hockley said she -- and other families affected by the shootings -- aren't going to stop their efforts in the nation's capital and elsewhere. "This is my life going forward," she said on "CBS This Morning." "It's not just about gun control. There are many other issues, and I'm involved in all of them.
"I have never done anything remotely political before or activism or lobbying," she continued. "I find it quite bizarre when I'm called a lobbyist, but, yes, I will be back, and I'm -- none of us are going anywhere."
M*A*S*H actor and veteran movie star Alan Alda stopped by HuffPost Live on Tuesday and shared some strong opinions on Friday's tragic killings in Isla Vista. When asked about his strong feminist history, and specifically mass shooter Elliot Rodger's voiced hatred of women, Alda likened misogyny to a "disease that needs to be cured."
"It may be a function of how we've evolved over millennia that males feel a need to dominate females," he told Ricky Camilleri. "If that's true, then we have a much more serious problem than one that can be solved by slogans alone."
Regardless of whether or not misogyny stems from nature or nurture, Alda thinks it should be addressed in the same way humanity treats "the common cold" and "cancer."
"We don't accept those things," he said, referring to those sicknesses. "Why should we accept this kind of behavior that leads to death and dismemberment, just because it's common all over the world?"
"We could eradicate polio," Alda added. "I don't see why we can't eradicate misogyny."
Watch the rest of Alan Alda's HuffPost Live conversation below:
KATWIJK, the Netherlands — Its wings beating against a gathering breeze, the eagle moves gracefully through a cloudy sky, then swoops, talons outstretched, on its prey below.
The target, however, is not another bird but a small drone, and when the eagle connects, there is a metallic clunk. With the device in its grasp, the bird of prey returns to the ground.
At a disused military airfield in the Netherlands, hunting birds like the eagle are being trained to harness their instincts to help combat the security threats stemming from the proliferation of drones.
The birds of prey learn to intercept small, off-the-shelf drones — unmanned aerial vehicles — of the type that can pose risks to aircraft, drop contraband into jails, conduct surveillance or fly dangerously over public events.
Facebook Ads Will Be Getting Bigger, But There Won't Be As Many Of Them, So… Yay?
Facebook is rolling out new changes in the next few months that will probably catch your eye. Seeing as “changes” in this case means much larger Sponsored Ads along the right-hand side of the page. But there will be fewer of them than before, the company says, so you can plan your celebrations of that fact accordingly.
Facebook announced the news in a blog today, saying the bigger ads allow advertisers “a simpler way to create ads and an enhanced creative canvas on the right-hand column of Facebook.” Which translates to: They can make bigger ads now, and Facebook says that its tests mean more people click on them.
“The new look of the ads, along with their new distribution, is intended to offer a better ad experience on Facebook. In early tests we've seen increased engagement — up to 3X more — from people seeing the new design,” the company says.
I'm honestly not sure which is better — a lot of smaller ads or bigger, blatant bits of advertising. How about you guys? TO THE POLL CAVE!
UFC 'money weight' Nick Diaz may be the best and worst representation of a martial artist in modern MMA.
The expletive hurling, nunchuck twirling Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt isn't above breaking out the ole Stockton Salute on occasion, but Diaz says he'd never seriously target an opponent's injury.
"When someone tells you a fighter's injured and they tell you to go after an injury, it really throws you off," Diaz told media in Las Vegas (via Yahoo! Sports). "It would be sad to lose a fight on account of, you're trying to concentrate on capitalizing on someone's weakness when it comes to injury and something like that, [rather than fighting] your fight without worrying about something like that."
Diaz faces former middleweight champion Anderson Silva Jan. 31 at UFC 183 just 13 months removed from the Brazilian's catastrophic leg break suffered in his rematch with Chris Weidman at UFC 168.
With even Silva admitting his own reservations over the readiness of the surgically repaired limb, Diaz certainly couldn't be blamed for going right after it.
"I fought someone a long time ago," Diaz said. "Someone came up to me and told me that [his opponent's] knee was hurt, and he said to me, attack his knee, I'm like, 'Yeah right, I'm not going out to attack this guy's knee.' It just doesn't ... it's not realistic to go after his injury, unless they got a cut the same week, then it's like, yeah, hit him in the eye, because the [expletive] is going to re-open and now you wouldn't fight on the cut. Maybe on a cut you want to take advantage of it, that makes sense."
Diaz faces Silva in the main event at UFC 183 on Jan. 31 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
5 MUST-READ STORIES
'Fighting in the United States is easy.' Renan Barao says T.J. Dillashaw would 'crap his pants' if they fought in Brazil.
'Anybody. I can beat them.' Will Brooks says he can 'beat anybody in the lightweight division: Bellator, UFC or World Series of Fighting.'
Chat Wrap. Luke Thomas discusses the Conor McGregor-Frankie Edgar sweepstakes, Pacquiao-Algieri, UFC Fight Night 57 results and more in this week's live chat.
Kid is back. Norifumi 'Kid' Yamamoto, one time the biggest star of Japanese MMA, returns to action against Roman Salazar at UFC 184 after a three-year absence.
'Slaughterhouse in a blouse.' Ronda Rousey says she's 'honored' by Eminem's lewd lyrics. 'Art isn't meant to be nice.'
MEDIA STEW
Bellator 131 Uncut.
UFC rankings report.
Mark Schultz talks 'Foxcatcher' and the early days of UFC.
Highlights from Jessica Penne vs. Aisling Daly from TUF 20.
Chris Camozzi's first fight since being released by UFC.
(via r/MMA)
Tyron Woodley 'outraged' by Ferguson violence.
Michelle Waterson vs. Yasuko Tamada at Invicta FC 9.
Long watches.
MMA 3 Way: Thanksgiving Ingratitude Special
...
Cheap Seat with Jordan Breen
...
TP's Technique Talk: UFN Austin Metamoris 5
TWEETS
Cloudy.
This stadium has hosted many wars. It will host one more. WELCOME TO EIRE!!! pic.twitter.com/O3ERHHwf9e — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) November 26, 2014
Soon.
OK.
Let me teach you to how take a proper #Soloselfie in the new @Beatsbydre http://t.co/5GloRIoh2e pic.twitter.com/3RVeuoAtAQ — Jon Bones Jones (@JonnyBones) November 26, 2014
Nice.
Getting ready to put some work in @law_mma http://t.co/V24p7k7wo2 — Chris Weidman (@ChrisWeidmanUFC) November 26, 2014
Love it.
The east coast is going to bring it at #UFC183. @ALIAQUINTA and I are going to steal the show. — Joe Lauzon (@JoeLauzon) November 26, 2014
Great pic.
Congrats.
The struggle.
Broke as a mother fucker now. :( — STORMIN NORMAN PARKE (@norman_parke) November 26, 2014
My buddy just rolled my Mazda,he was so afraid to tell me I said spencer it's only stuffed, glad your ok! Now mama she's pissed. @lssheffield — Cowboy Cerrone (@Cowboycerrone) November 27, 2014
Wondering why everyones complaining about Ebola ? I had that 4 years ago. Sure it sucked but I trained through it. #yourmajesty — Angela Magana UFC (@AngelaMagana1) November 26, 2014
Practice number 4 for the day, tired and wore down but staying on that #grind to make sure I shine on... http://t.co/DkoV6hY8EC — Benson Henderson (@BensonHenderson) November 26, 2014
$4 US dollars, $25 Australian dollars & 20 Pesos to my name & I'm in Canada.. I'm up shit creek without a paddle pic.twitter.com/iiazScy1OQ — 'Rowdy' Bec Rawlings (@RowdyBec) November 26, 2014
Stepping on the scale the morning after Fogo De Chao #brazilliansteakhouse is a tense feeling — Patrick Healy (@BamBamHealy) November 26, 2014
DAMN I'm stuck in bed. 3 training sessions down, 1 more to go. HELP — Derek Brunson (@DerekBrunsonMMA) November 26, 2014
Meu iPhone acabou de cair no chão e ficou dessa forma, já é a segunda vez que isso acontece comigo. pic.twitter.com/WPVTJb0cF3 — william patolino (@williampatolino) November 26, 2014
True pain is walking to bathroom at 4am and stepping on your dogs have chewed Nylabone. — Josh Thomson (@THEREALPUNK) November 21, 2014
Lying on the ground in a mud puddle trying to reach a ball that rolled under the car for the mancub when my former boss walks by. Oh. Hi. — Peggy Morgan (@peggymorganmma) November 24, 2014
Why does nothing in my life workout? Cant take much more of this shit — josh hill (@gentlemanjhill) November 20, 2014
Some of the tools I use to loosen my body, kind of scary!!! #selfmassage http://t.co/uKvoVV6T3K pic.twitter.com/KiF00U1wTF — TJ Waldburger (@TJWaldburger) November 25, 2014
Dodging punches but forgetting about the banana skins @KieranConlin @BrianHyslop @higherlevelmma #teammidget #supersunday #dnft A video posted by Joanne calderwood (@badmofo_jojo) on Nov 11, 2014 at 7:42am PST
FIGHT ANNOUNCEMENTS
Announced yesterday (Nov. 26 2014)
Charles Rosa vs. Sean Soriano at UFC Fight Night: McGregor vs. Siver
Roman Salazar vs. Norifumi Yamamoto at UFC 184
Al Iaquinta vs. Joe Lauzon at UFC 183
FANPOST OF THE DAY
Today's Fanpost of the Day comes via Oliveira Bros.
The mental game of Frankie Edgar
Every athlete seeks the best performance ever. When we talk about optimal performance we usually refer to spectacular moves and out of the ordinary stuff that is only seen in movies. Such performances appear to be a gift for few. Most athletes think they are far from this stage and some might think that it is unreachable. These ideas about optimal performance are far away from the actual experience. Neuroscience tells us that optimal performance can be reached and demonstrates what happens in our brains in it occurs. It is said that when athletes are in flow (a stage of optimal performance) they have a decrease of conscious activity in the brain. They actually perform in a more automatic manner. So, when in optimal performance the athlete thinks less and lets his training take over. It's more of a intuitive thing. ...
Check out the rest of the post here.
Found something you'd like to see in the Morning Report? Just hit me up on Twitter @SaintMMA and we'll include it in tomorrow's column.
Green Bay Packers coach Mike McCarthy told NFL Network on Wednesday morning that stopping the read option is a priority in 2013.
With games against the San Francisco 49ers in Week 1 and the Washington Redskins in Week 2, the Packers will be tested early on that front. The same might be true in Week 9, when Marc Trestman's Chicago Bears roll into Lambeau Field.
Camp coverage on NFL Network Watch "Inside Training Camp" this week from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET on NFL Network.
» Complete training camp coverage
Brad Biggs of the Chicago Tribune reported Tuesday that the "building blocks for the read-option are right out in the open for everyone to see" at Bears camp. Biggs has seen Jay Cutler take snaps out of a shotgun formation decorated with an offset back, along with plenty of "mesh-point action," a fundamental aspect of the attack.
It's no secret: Trestman has talked about using the read option before. Asked if the Bears will do so in September, backup quarterback Josh McCown said: "I don't know. We'll see what happens to it. Obviously, it's prevalent in our league right now so there are merits to practicing it if anything just to give your defense a look."
That was the case in Arizona, where buzz over super-slow Carson Palmer running the option quieted when Cardinals coach Bruce Arians acknowledged "it was more for the defense."
Still, NFL.com's Bucky Brooks argues that today's Bears have the tools to run the scheme, citing both Cutler's athleticism and the inherent benefits of Matt Forte and Michael Bush operating out of a zone-based blocking scheme against an apprehensive defense. Brooks also believes teams putting eight defenders in the box with a single high safety against the option would trigger Brandon Marshall for a monster campaign.
Schein: Early returns, early concerns The first week of training camp brought a number of big developments across the NFL. Adam Schein sorts through the fallout.
The first week of training camp brought a number of big developments across the NFL.sorts through the fallout. More ...
Cutler won't be mistaken for Colin Kaepernick on the ground, but Trestman believes his strong-armed quarterback has the "skill set to do just about everything, anything."
Said Trestman: "We are trying to give him the things he has had the most success with first. Whether we'll (run the option), I don't know. We've studied it."
Option or not, the Bears should be something to see in 2013.
The Around The League Podcast is now available on iTunes! Click here to listen and subscribe.
There were a few reasons for that... One, we had to make some tough design choices, take the Misty Woods as an example: The idea was that we give the player the feeling that he's lost in a forest that constantly changes around him. Now, after we designed the area, we knew there'd really be no proper way for the player to go back in and re-traverse the entire area, so we could have either not put any 'valuable' items in the area or assume that people are okay with playing through the game again.Two, there are story-events happening in the game that sort of prevented us from having the player go back to a certain location... The Ginso Tree is flooded with water after Act1, so we dabbled with the idea of having the player being able to re-enter the now flooded Ginso Tree, but it also wasn't really designed for underwater gameplay and I always wanted to ensure that if a player has to re-traverse, the area should still contain enough interesting, new things for the player to discover... And we just didn't have the time to iterate over everything again after we wrapped the main designs.Since a hell of a lot of people are still playing games like Super Metroid to this day, I thought it was an okay decision to make. I understand that a lot of people want to get absolutely everything on their first run, but Ori is designed in a similar way to Super Metroid, A Link to the Past, etc.: On your first run-through, it takes the average player 10-15 hours to complete the game. But when you're on your second run, you can probably cut that time down in half or even more, since you know exactly where to go. So really, I just didn't think it's that big of a deal if people have to play through it again, especially since it's super fun to play OriHaving said that, we got a LOT of requests from players who want to be able to get absolutely 100% on their first run, so we might look into how we can accommodate you guys with future updates
Egypt's interior minister has blamed a Palestinian group linked to al-Qaida for the New Year's Day suicide bombing that killed more than 20 people and wounded about 100 others at a Coptic Christian church.
Habib al-Adly announced Sunday that the government believes the Army of Islam was behind the attack.
The Army of Islam denied any involvement in a swift response to the allegations.
The New Year's Day attack occurred at a church in the northern city of Alexandria where worshippers had gathered to celebrate Mass.
The bombing prompted protests by Christians saying the state had not done enough to protect them from extremists. Witnesses also said that after the attack, Coptic Christians tried to attack a mosque across from the church, and that fights broke out causing more casualties.
The Palestinian militant group Hamas condemned the attack, saying the perpetrators were seeking to promote confrontation between Muslims and Christians.
Tensions between Christians and Muslims have been on the rise in Egypt and Iraq following threats by al-Qaida.
While no one immediately claimed responsibility for the New Year's Day attack, al-Qaida's affiliate in Iraq had called for attacks on Egypt's Coptic Christians.
NEW: Follow our Middle East reports on Twitter
and discuss them on our Facebook page.
There's a mysterious object standing in a parking lot just eight miles south of downtown Seattle. From the surface, it looks like a grayish-green dome on a pile of rubble. But dig a little deeper and you'll discover a forgotten link to Seattle's Cold War past. Retired Boeing engineer Dan Witmer is one of the few remaining people in Seattle who knows what that dome is covering up: a defunct Minuteman missile silo. Cuban Missile Crisis Hits Seattle Witmer says East Marginal Way looked a lot different in 1962. That's the year when he started working for Boeing as a newly minted engineer. It's also the year that the US discovered Soviet missiles in Cuba, bringing the world to the brink of nuclear war. President Kennedy went public with the news on October 22, 1962. Witmer remembers the Cuban Missile crises. He can still picture the line of extra food cans he and his wife stockpiled in his Bellevue apartment. But there's another image that stands out even more: the image of crawling down inside a tube about 70 feet deep containing a Minuteman missile. It was part of Boeing's developmental center, located across the street from the present-day Museum of Flight. Today, remnants of the old silo are still visible in a parking lot off East Marginal Way. “You got down inside the silo by going down a ladder. It was like going down a ladder in a submarine. The missile sat in the middle. I wouldn't say it was an eerie sort of thing; it was just our place of work.”
Sponsor
Satellite image of the missile silo, circled in yellow View in larger map. Hundreds of missile silos like this were being built in rural areas around the country in the 1960s. Those had live nuclear missiles inside. This one was different; it was a primary testing site. The idea was that if anything was going to go wrong in the field, Boeing wanted it to go wrong here first. That way, engineers like Witmer could come up with solutions. In 1962, Witmer says there were a lot of problems to troubleshoot.
Sponsor
What's Sending Missiles Off Target? Witmer spent a lot of time puzzling over problems in the Minuteman missile's guidance system, which would get a missile from its launch point to a target halfway around the world. The technology was complex and cutting edge. But it relied on the same ancient navigational tool that mariners once used: The North Star. “There was a special little tube that came down from the surface of the ground,” Witmer explains. “This tube was lined up with the North Star. So it would look up there with an instrument equivalent to a surveyor's transit.” Engineers used the tube to help measure angles, make calculations, position mirrors, and eventually shine a light beam into the missile to tell it where to go. But there was a problem. The engineers started noticing that the critical angles between the missile and the North Star began to change from day to day. They suspected the misalignment was caused by tidal movement in the Duwamish River. Witmer tracked the changes to see if there was a meaningful correlation, but it turned out to be more likely caused by heavy traffic on nearby train tracks.
Sponsor
Cascade Snow Shapes National Security Another issue Boeing engineers turned their attention to be the silo lids. They wanted to make sure the lids would be able to open correctly under all kinds of conditions. “By 1962, they had begun to put some of these missiles out in Montana, and they were worried about the snow piling up on the lid,” Witmer says. The test engineers worried that if too much snow and ice accumulated, the lid might jam and prevent the missile from launching. Witmer and his fellow engineers needed to run some tests. “In order to do that, we needed some snow,” Witmer says. “They ended up getting snow from Snoqualmie Pass and hauled it down here in dump trucks, down through Seattle.” The tests confirmed the engineers' fear: Certain levels of snow did prevent the lid from opening properly. The engineers tried installing steel teeth on the lid to crush through the ice. They also experimented with special bumpers to push snow drifts aside.
Sponsor
As they worked, a story started circulating about a temporary solution being used in the field. Maybe it was a tall tale; Witmer's not sure. “They decided to deal with the problem by putting horse manure out in front of the lid, so as it gradually cooked and degraded, the heat would keep the snow from ever piling up in the first place,” Witmer says. A matter of national security comes down to horse poop. The Little Red Light Witmer says the most exciting challenge came one night when his team kept getting an error that completely stopped the launch sequence. It was a serious problem. It meant that all those Midwest silos simply wouldn't be able to launch missiles should President Kennedy give orders to strike. It all came down to a tiny red light.
Sponsor
As things get dicier in the White House, it's a comfort to know we still have competent leadership in the House.
Remember, although an earlier version of the AHCA would have reduced the deficit by $150 billion over 10 years according to CBO, Ryan and his team refused to wait for CBO's score of the amended version that passed the House a few weeks ago. And because they didn't, they ended up holding a Rose Garden ceremony for a bill that might end up being defective under parliamentary rules. Gross malpractice, if the new score is bad:
According to several aides and other procedural experts, if Republicans send the bill to the Senate now and the CBO later concludes it doesn't save at least $2 billion, it would doom the bill and Republicans would have to start their repeal effort all over with a new budget resolution. Congressional rules would likely prevent Republicans from fixing the bill after it's in the Senate, the aides said… If Republican leaders hold onto the bill until the CBO report is released, then Ryan and his team could still redo it if necessary. That would require at least one more House vote of some sort… It's unclear what assumptions the CBO will make about what states will do with that newly created flexibility. If millions of people sign up for much cheaper, minimal insurance, that could trigger billions — and potentially even hundreds of billions — in costs over a decade because of the House bill's health insurance tax credits.
The last paragraph is the important one. Under the bill, states can apply for waivers from ObamaCare regs requiring all insurance plans to cover Essential Health Benefits. Once they're freed from having to cover EHBs, insurers can offer much cheaper, pared-down plans. Those cheaper plans mean less revenue coming in due to lower premiums even as tax credits are flowing out. In other words, there is a chance that the new CBO score will project no deficit reduction from the new bill, which means reconciliation is a nonstarter in the Senate and the House bill will need to be fixed — and Republicans will be stuck taking another brutal vote.
@HouseInSession BTW, @BudgetHawks has warned the MacArthur amendment could eliminate all of the deficit reduction in the bill, depending on how CBO scores. — Steven Dennis (@StevenTDennis) May 18, 2017
All of this comes as news to some House Republicans as much as it does to you and me. Several GOP congressmen, like Jeff Denham and Dennis Ross, had no idea that Ryan was holding onto the bill because there's a chance CBO might kill it. “We've got to wait for the CBO score,” said Greg Walden, head of a key committee that helped write the bill, to Bloomberg. But critics were yelling about that weeks ago, before the vote. Wait for the CBO score! As flawed as CBO projections are on health care, they're still potent politically. Don't make your members sign on to a bill whose price tag they don't yet know but will need to defend soon enough. Ryan and his team rushed the bill to the floor and pushed it through precisely because they feared that the CBO projections for the new bill would be worse than for the original version and that GOP fencesitters would get cold feet. But in their haste, they may have gotten the worst of both worlds. They looked shady ramming the bill through without a score, as though they were afraid to reckon with the fiscal consequences of their own program, and now they may have that vote effectively canceled and be forced to reckon with those consequences anyway due to their own poor planning. Imagine being a House Republican who walked the plank and voted yes on the last bill, only to be told next week that you need to vote again on what'll probably be another unpopular revision. Now you're stuck defending two hard votes, not just one. Will Ryan even have a majority for the next iteration?
In sum, in their rush to get the bill through before CBO rendered its verdict, they seem to have forgotten that nothing much can happen until CBO renders its verdict. (At least if reconciliation is to be used.) Not terrific! Exit question: How's the GOP going to raise enough revenue from the bill to clear the deficit-reduction hurdle? Reportedly Republicans in the Senate are considering … desperation measures.
(CNN) -- The United Nations warned Monday of a possible resurgence of the deadly avian flu virus, saying there are indications a mutant strain may be spreading in Asia.
A variant strain of the H5N1 avian influenza virus, which can apparently bypass the defenses of current vaccines with unpredictable risks to humans, has appeared in Vietnam and China, the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) stated.
Circulation of the virus in Vietnam threatens Thailand, Malaysia, Cambodia, Japan and the Korean peninsula, the FAO said.
The most recent death caused by avian flu occurred this month in Cambodia, where eight people have died after becoming infected this year, the organization added.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says the virus has infected 565 people since it emerged in 2003, causing 331 deaths.
Avian flu has also directly killed or required the culling of over 400 million poultry and caused economic losses estimated at $20 billion before being eliminated from most of the 63 countries infected at its 2006 peak.
The virus is still present in China, Bangladesh, India, Indonesia, Vietnam and Egypt, while areas recently affected include Nepal, Mongolia, Romania, Bulgaria, Israel and the Palestinian Territories.
A geographical advance in cases of infected poultry and wild birds since 2008 has apparently been due to the movement of migratory birds, said FAO Chief Veterinary Officer Juan Lubroth.
"Wild birds may introduce the virus, but peoples' actions in poultry production and marketing spread it," he said.
"Preparedness and surveillance remain essential," he warned.
We're really excited that you're considering becoming a member of the Liberal Democrats.
This page answers the most common questions about joining the party - and hopefully, they'll help you make up your mind!
Why should I join?
There are lots of reasons to join the Liberal Democrats. Some people joined us because they wanted to stand up for our values, of openness, tolerance and unity, Some because they want to help us win elections, others so they could stand for election and stand up for their community.
Becoming a Liberal Democrat will let you do all that - and much more besides. As a member, you'll have the power to change things and all our members, from Vince Cable, right down to our newest member you get the same vote.
Tens of thousands of people have joined our party in the last two years and our fantastic members, new and old are the lifeblood our party.
They're what's driving our party's fight back and they will ensure that Britain always has strong, liberal voices, working to build an open, tolerant and united Britain.
How much does membership cost?
Membership starts at £12 a year - but we hope that you might consider donating a little more - the recommended amount (as decided by members like you at our conference) is £70.
You can join online by paying with either a credit/debit card or direct debit, it's up to you, you can choose your preferred method when you join:
Join us today
We also have a few concessionary rates too if you're under 26 and are entitled to receive state benefits (other than the state pension or child benefit) then membership starts from just £6 a year.
Unlike the Tories, we don't rely on a small number of super-wealthy donors and unlike the Labour party, we don't rely on the trade unions. Everything we do relies on funds from our dedicated members and your membership fee goes a long way to making sure we're ready and able to fight and win elections and keep our party running too.
What am I joining?
Regardless of where you are based, you will be joining the UK Liberal Democrats. We fight elections in England, Scotland, and Wales, but have members based right around the world.
You will also become a member of your local party, which is based on the area where you live.
If you live in Scotland, you will also become a member of the Scottish Lib Dems. If you live in Wales, you will become a member of the Welsh Lib Dems. And if you live in England, you will become a member of one of our regional parties.
Is there a minimum age I have to be to join?
There are no age restrictions to join the party.
When will I get my membership pack?
You should get a membership pack, including your membership card within 3 to 4 weeks of joining the Party.
If you have not received your membership pack after 6 weeks, please contact us.
My question isn't answered here...
If you've got a question that isn't answered here, you can send us a message, or give us a call on 020 7022 0988.
The Liberal Democrats depend on the support of our members and we'd love to welcome you to the team today.
And most importantly, how do I join?
Just click on the big yellow button:
Join us today
COME WATCH THIS HERE!!!! www.youtube.com/watch?v=RayWHj… I had a lot of fun with this one!!! Hahaha if you can't tell by the text XD hahah The crazy thing also is that I wasn't even going to make it angled like this, but then I found that it looked way cooler and better. And I was thinking Gaster would be like ripped apart because he fell into his own machine in the core and was literally ripped apart through space and time, and now you see little fragments of him here and there in the game/hacked. or whatever, so I kinda went off of that concept lolAlso, I didn't mean for this at all, like I didn't reference or anything, but I think subconsciously I got a lot of inspiration from This person,So I wanted to give them some credit with me finding a lot of influence and inspiration from This wonderful AWESOME piece of art work of Gaster. and like go check because they rock! Like, I watch them and everything, I really love their stuff a lot <3The Wing Dings in this says "Beware of the man who speaks in hands" but it's kinda behind some hands and stuff so you can't really read it hahaha, and then the white text says "Hurts Pain Gaster" because he's being ripped apart. :CW. D. Gaster (c) Undertale Toby FoxDrawn by me
CLOSE The final trailer for 'Rogue One: A Star Wars Story,' starring Felicity Jones, Diego Luna and Ben Mendelsohn. Lucasfilm
Orson Krennic (center, Ben Mendelsohn) takes his Death Troopers on a mission in 'Rogue One: A Star Wars Story.' (Photo: Lucasfilm)
After working with Imperial Death Troopers for so long making Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, it didn't faze director Gareth Edwards much when he ran into a couple full-sized decorative models recently when entering a Los Angeles mall.
“I kind of looked at them like, ‘Oh, cool, Death Troopers,' and then suddenly stopped and thought, ‘Hang on a minute, this is my film. I'm never going to be in a position where it's such already part of popular culture,' ” says Edwards.
The dreaded Empire hasn't been seen on the big screen since they were upended by Luke Skywalker and the Rebel Alliance in 1983's Return of the Jedi. But with Rogue One (in theaters Dec. 16) — featuring a tale that takes place before the events of the first Star Wars film in 1977 — Edwards takes the reins of George Lucas' bad guys, including the legendary Darth Vader.
Director Gareth Edwards enjoys himself on the 'Rogue One' set. (Photo: Jonathan Olley)
The filmmaker blends the fresh and the familiar in Rogue One, which focuses on the construction of the weaponized battle station, the Death Star, and the Rebel mission to steal its plans. Blocky-winged TIE Fighters from Lucas' original trilogy share space with more aerodynamic TIE Strikers. And Vader looms again as an antagonistic presence alongside Director Orson Krennic, a new Imperial officer played by Ben Mendelsohn (Bloodline) and the boss of the darkly colored Death Trooper squad.
Because top men in the Empire such as Grand Moff Tarkin — played in the original Star Wars by Peter Cushing — are upper-class types, Edwards recalls Mendelsohn asking if he should adopt “a very posh English accent.” But the director preferred Krennic, the man in charge of the advanced weapons research wing of the Imperial military, not be a part of that boys club.
“It feels like if the Empire ever have a job vacancy, they go to the Royal Shakespeare Company to headhunt people,” Edwards says. “I like the idea that Ben's character was much more working-class” and rose in the ranks “through sheer force of personality and ideas.”
Director Orson Krennic (Ben Mendelsohn) has to deal with Rebels trying to steal the plans for the Death Star. (Photo: ILM/Lucasfilm)
That said, the director adds, Krennic “hits a brick wall in the hierarchy where they won't let him in the club and it's going to turn into a them-or-us situation: either Krennic or Tarkin and the others.”
Working with Vader, though, was on another level for Edwards. Voiced again by James Earl Jones and featuring various actors inhabiting the old battle armor and helmet, Vader is used sparingly in Rogue One yet whenever he power-walked into a scene, everybody around morphed into a 4-year-old, according to the director.
“It's like we're at the playground again and there's this hero sort of standing there,” Edwards says. “You end up very respectful of him: Even though you know there's a guy inside the outfit, you still talk to him like he's Vader.”
Darth Vader power-walks back into the spotlight in 'Rogue One.' (Photo: Lucasfilm/ILM)
While filming one of Krennic's first scenes interacting with the Sith lord, in the middle of a take Mendelsohn called Edwards over, and the director was nervous something was wrong.
“He went, ‘It's Darth Vader. We filmed with Darth Vader,' ” Edward says. "And I was like,‘I know. It's amazing, isn't it?' It was like no one wanted to admit that they're having a little fanboy freak-out but everyone did. It's impossible not to. He's so iconic.”
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fbIYPw
If the deadlift is the best muscle building exercise on the planet why do many successful strength and conditioning coaches not use the movement with their athletes?
The reason is simple; the deadlift takes too much out of you and is very hard to recover from.
When you have an athlete who also needs to be implementing speed work, conditioning and sport specific drills on a regular basis you can't afford to compromise his recovery ability to such an extreme level.
A hard deadlift session will usually leave him slower, less explosive and with a general, overall feeling of fatigue for the next 3-5 days. This is unacceptable.
Now before everyone freaks out and stops deadlifting please realize that I'm not telling you to do that.
What I'm suggesting is that there may be very little room for deadlifts in an advanced athletes program if they also have to run, jump, practice, etc.
They may be better served sticking to squats, cleans, snatches and other posterior chain work that won't delay recovery as much as the deadlift.
Or just dropping their deadlifts. Not dropping them from the program but literally dropping them.
You see, the eccentric component, or lowering phase of the deadlift can often be the riskiest part. The last thing you ever want to do is a slow eccentric on a deadlift.
To recommend such a thing is highly irresponsible of trainers or coaches. If you want to be fresh, explosive and minimize soreness you should never really emphasize the eccentric component of any lift.
Control it but don't do purposefully slow, timed eccentrics. Contrary to what many people believe, it is actually lowering, not lifting weights that make you sore. When you're always sore you can't train at your highest level. This is the primary reason hill sprints are safer and easier to recover from than flat ground sprints- far less eccentric stress.
A lot of deadlifting injuries occur from doing controlled touch and go reps. That is- you lower the weight somewhat slowly and under control, touch the floor without resetting your back and bang out another rep. Then another… and another… and another. With each rep your form breaks down and your lower back goes from flat to slightly flexed to rounded to C shaped.
Dip, Grip and Rip?
For years now you've heard me tell you to control the eccentric component of the lift (but lower it quickly) and explode the concentric portion of the lift. Well, the deadlift is the exact opposite. You should almost be dropping the bar and then resetting at the bottom. To give you an idea of what I'm talking about I added a video clip of Matt Kroc puling below. Notice how he lowers the bar very rapidly, letting it crash to the ground, resetting before each rep.
If you're new to this technique be extremely cautious at first and lighten your weights by about 20%. Because even though it's safer, you have to realize that each rep starts from a dead stop so the stretch reflex is minimized and there's no momentum like there would be if you were bouncing the bar off the floor.
Dr. Ken Leistner was known for doing high rep sets of deads with a ton of weight. But he would actually set the bar down and stand up to reset between reps. If you feel like you need to do that in order to pull safely, by all means go ahead.
When you begin lifting the bar you should never try to explode it up. It's the one lift where doing so is not recommended at all. In fact, doing so is quite dangerous and I've seen many guys get hurt this way. In “hardcore” training circles you'll hear the phrase “Dip, grip and rip” thrown around when discussing the deadlift.
It's right up there with “If the bar aint bending you're just pretending.” Following that advice is a great way to get injured. You do NOT ever want to “rip” the deadlift bar off the floor. That's how you end up with a herniated disk or your spine shooting out through your skin and landing on the leg press.
The pull off the floor should be slow and deliberate while maintaining maximal tension and stiffness throughout your entire body. It should actually be a grind more than an explosion. Like World's Strongest Man, Mark Henry said, you need a good slow gear to deadlift a lot of weight properly.
Frequency Considerations
So now that you know how to slowly grind the bar off the floor and lower it rapidly (almost dropping it) let's address a few other ways to make the deadlift safer and ensure rapid progress.
First off let's address frequency. Beginners can pull three times a week and be fine.
Eventually they need to cut it to twice per week and then once every five days. Intermediates can get away with deadlifting once per week.
When you get a bit more advanced and are pulling more than double bodyweight for reps you will probably be better served deadlifting only once every 9-14 days.
You can do this in one of two ways. If you follow a four day upper/lower split, where one lower body day is squat based and the other is deadlift based, you simply train three times per week. This is my favorite split and the one used most often at Renegade and with a large majority of my other clients. When you follow this four day split, training three times per week, deadlifts get hit once every nine days.
For example-
Week 1
Monday- Upper Body Workout A
Wednesday- Lower Body Deadlift Workout
Friday- Upper Body Workout B
Week 2
Monday- Lower Body Squat Workout
Wednesday- Upper Body Workout A
Friday- Lower Body Deadlift Workout
This frequency seems to be ideal for most lifters and delivers fantastic results. The second option for a three day per week program is an upper/lower/upper split. This works very well for athletes and those who do a lot of sprinting and recreational sports.
In this case you have two choices for your Wednesday workout. You could squat and deadlift in the same day or you could alternate squats and deads each week. If you do them in the same day I would suggest going heavy one week and lighter the next.
A better option would be to just sub in an exercise to replace the deadlift every other week. Some type of Olympic pull would be a great idea.
Another choice for those with good recovery ability would be to rack pull every other week from about knee height. Squats and rack pulls in the same workout are nowhere near as stressful as squats and pulls from the floor. If you're just using the deadlift for back thickness and aren't interested in setting any records or competing, the rack pull could very well be your only form of deads.
If you train four days per week on the same upper/lower split detailed above (with one squat and one deadlift based lower body day) you would probably be better served to deadlift heavy every other week.
Again, on the non deadlift weeks just do some single leg Romanian Dead Lift's, dead stop bent over rows, hang cleans or something lighter and less stressful. Speed deadlifts have been suggested here but I'm not a big fan of those. I'd rather see some type of Olympic lift.
The other option for a four day per week program is to simply follow the recommendations above for the upper/lower/upper three day split and have your second lower body day consist of mainly bodyweight exercises like low intensity plyo's, glute hams, split squats and some sled and prowler work. That can be very easy to recover from.
The one thing I wouldn't recommend on a regular basis to most advanced lifters (with more than five years training experience and a decent level of strength) is to regularly squat and deadlift heavy on two different days in the same week. You may be able to pull if off now but eventually it will catch up with you.
Closing Thoughts
If you're new to deadlifts or have questionable from I'd start with high handle trap bar deads. Stick with these for at least six months and never go above five reps.
A lot of people will never have the mobility/flexibility to move any lower than this. If that's you don't worry about it. You'll be fine and will still get the benefits of deadlifting, minus the risk. Eventually you can move to the low handle trap bar deads and then the straight bar if you so desire.
Athletes that want to deadlift should stick with high handle trap bar deads, keep their reps low and drop the bar rapidly.
A couple other things to remember are to activate your glutes before pulling and to stretch your piriformis, hip flexors, hamstrings and whatever other muscles may be preventing you from getting down while keeping a neutral spine.
After every deadlift (and squat) workout you should get down on the floor in a prone position and hold a cobra or prone mountain for a minute or so. Another great idea is to just lay down and read for ten minutes while resting on your forearms. This helps reset your spine and makes a big difference in how you will feel over the next 48-72 hours.
At the end of the day the deadlift is still one of the most productive exercises you can do. But if for some reason you can't deadlift, it's nothing to get down about. You'll be just fine with squats, Olympic pulls, shrugs, glute hams and the like.
For those that can, I hope you picked up a few tips on how to make the deadlift safer and more productive and will be setting some new PR's real soon. If you have any questions please let me know.
We thought that Renato Sanches' transfer to Bayern Munich would end his saga with Manchester United, but his name is still far from disappearing from the Portuguese newspapers.
Over the weekend, A Bola had a full page article saying that Sanches was José Mourinho's priority for the next season. The newspaper are said to have learned that he is an admirer of the midfielder and now has missed out on his number one target.
The article gives a few details from the negotiations for Sanches, saying that Manchester United had offered nearly the same amount as Bayern Munich, but the Red Devils' indecision had led to the player signing for the German side instead. That was also covered last week in Portugal.
According to A Bola, the deal between José Mourinho and Manchester United is getting closer to being sealed and announced. Only a 'big surprise' would leave the Portuguese manager away from the club in the next season.
Unlike so many articles from the European press, A Bola's story doesn't say that Mourinho has demanded Sanches' signing for Manchester United. The newspaper only claims that the midfielder was a target for both of them, without that kind of 'sign him and then I sign for you' speculation.
And Mourinho won't 'cry over spilt milk' for Renato Sanches. What's done is done, and A Bola believe he's still looking forward to 'an ambitious project' at Old Trafford.
Lucas Sposito.
Arsenal are reportedly considering an approach for Mexican teenager Carlos Fierro, who currently plies his trade for Chivas.
According to The Sun, the north Londoners are lining up a £2 million offer for the 16-year-old striker, who has been compared to compatriot Javier Hernandez.
Fierro scored four times and weighed in with five assists during Mexico's triumphant under-17 World Cup campaign, and was named the third best player in the tournament.
Along with Arsenal, it has been claimed Fierro is also being tracked by Tottenham and Hoffenheim, but it would appear the Gunners are the frontrunners for his signature.
Arsenal have had a nigh-on impeccable record of nurturing young talent in recent years, with the likes of Cesc Fabregas and Jack Wilshere featuring prominently after coming through the ranks.
And Fierro could yet be the latest recruit to the famed Arsenal Academy, which has also seen the recent addition of Japanese youngster Ryo Miyaichi, who has caused quite a stir thus far.
The teenage winger starred during a loan spell with Feyenoord last season, and will now feature in Arsenal's pre-season plans.
Arsene Wenger has been particularly impressed with the progression of Miyaichi, and is excited by the potential of the 18-year-old.
“Ryo has been a fantastic surprise to us,” said the Arsenal boss at a press conference yesterday. “He did well at Feyenoord after basically coming from school football.
"He is a very exciting prospect because he is quick and has a quick brain."
CIA Director Mike Pompeo called Julian Assange and his associates “demons” and accused WikiLeaks of siding with the world's dictators and endangering the security of the “free world” with the help of states like Russia.
Speaking at an event organized by the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) in Washington, DC on Thursday, the former Kansas congressman went on the warpath against the whistleblower website, accusing its editor Julian Assange of being on the “wrong side of history” and seeking to harm America, freedom and democracy.
“It's time to call out WikiLeaks for what it really is, a non-state hostile intelligence service, often abetted by state actors like Russia,” Pompeo told the audience.
CIA Dir. Pompeo just called Wikileaks "a non-state hostile intelligence service".
Trump in Oct.: "I love Wikileaks" https://t.co/6wMyaJnBAEpic.twitter.com/UoVIV6EDCk — Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) April 13, 2017
“The Russian propaganda outlet RT actively collaborated with WikiLeaks,” Pompeo added, repeating the unsubstantiated allegation by Hillary Clinton's campaign from October 2016, when RT reported on the daily disclosures of emails from Clinton's campaign chair, John Podesta.
Assange “knows nothing about America and our ideals,” Pompeo declared, adding that had he lived in the 1930s he would have been on the “wrong side of history,” as he “and his ilk make common cause with dictators today.”
“Their currency is clickbait, their moral compass nonexistent,” Pompeo added, accusing Assange of being a “narcissist… a fraud, a coward hiding behind a screen.”
The CIA director rejected Assange's reasoning that WikiLeaks had the right to publish documents that WikiLeaks obtained, arguing that the right to free speech does not apply to non-Americans.
“Julian Assange has no First Amendment freedoms,” Pompeo said. “He's sitting in an embassy in London. He's not a US citizen.”
Note, subtext of Pompeo's statement that Assange doesn't have 1A rights is that no non-American reporters do. — emptywheel (@emptywheel) April 13, 2017
“These are not reporters doing good work, to try and keep the American government honest, but people actively recruiting agents to steal American secrets with the sole intent of destroying the American way of life,” he added. “No one has the right to actively engage in the theft of secrets from America with the intent to do harm to it.”
This is a marked departure from President Donald Trump's position on WikiLeaks during the campaign, and even Pompeo's own tweets while he was a member of the House of Representatives from Kansas, as some observant journalists pointed out.
Mike Pompeo was sharing Wikileaks documents on his Congressional Twitter account less than a year ago pic.twitter.com/cl5P6vnXSE — Jessica Schulberg (@jessicaschulb) April 13, 2017
Pompeo confirmed that it was his agency that concluded that the Syrian government was responsible for the chemical weapons attack in Khan Shaykhun, which persuaded Trump to fire 59 cruise missiles at a Syrian airbase last week.
“We were good, and fast,” he said, “and we got it right.”
He dismissed the statements from the Russian government questioning the US narrative about the attack, saying Russia is “on their 6th or 7th story, none of which have an ounce of truth to them.”
Lets all welcome Mike Pompeo to the swamp pic.twitter.com/KhOfhtvHKo — Alexey Yaroshevsky (@Yaro_RT) April 13, 2017
“This is the man for whom veracity does not translate into English,” Pompeo said of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“We have to preserve the American democracy from this threat of misinformation and propaganda that poses a real risk to our democratic values,” Pompeo said, when asked about alleged Russian “active measures.”
Earlier on Thursday, Trump tweeted that things will “work out fine” between the US and Russia. “At the right time everyone will come to their senses & there will be lasting peace!” he wrote.
READ MORE: US & Russia ‘will work out fine': Trump promises ‘lasting peace'
Trump hand-picked Pompeo to take over the CIA within a week of winning the election in November 2016, and the Senate confirmed him with a 66-32 vote just four days after the inauguration. Pompeo previously represented the Kansas 4th district in the House of Representatives for six years. Republicans held on to his vacated seat in the special election on Tuesday.
Published in Oil Industry News on Wednesday, 3 September 2014
Scotland could be sitting on more than double the amount of oil and gas reserves currently predicted, a new independent industry investigation has found. The investigation reveals that the scale of Scotland's untapped frontier West Coast or Atlantic Margin has been underestimated.
The investigation was undertaken by oilandgaspeople.com , the world's largest oil and gas industry jobs board, and independent North Sea oil and gas industry experts. The investigation included interviews with industry experts and collated seismic and expert evidence from a range of independent sources such as the British Geological Survey, DECC, oil and gas companies, the Institute of Petroleum Engineering and the Energy Institute.
The findings show that the current predictions of extensive untapped reserves of oil and gas could be underestimated by 100%. The West Coast alone could provide oil and gas for over 100 years with an estimated value of more than £1 trillion.
Yet the area – off the west coast of Scotland and Outer Hebrides and Shetland –has remained largely untapped due to deep waters and difficult geological conditions.
This is despite strong geological evidence for oil and gas reserves, including that the major basins in the area are filled with thick sedimentary successions – which helps produce and then reservoir oil and gas. These geological conditions support the formation of gigantic, or ‘supermassive' oil reserves.
But the investigation found that oil exploration, discoveries and production in the area are set to dramatically increase over the next ten years as continual improvements in drilling technology, rig design and seismic surveying makes the area more accessible. This activity is supported by the Bank of Scotland's recent report predicting the need for 37,000 new jobs over the next two years in support of the current Scottish oil boom. As a result, the investigation found that the most recent round of DECC licensing for exploration has seen an increase in oil majors, such as BP, Chevron, Statoil, Total, and Shell, begin prospecting.
The investigation also found over the next 10 years upwards of one million barrels a day could be pumped from the Atlantic Margins if more than £1.5 billion is invested to extract it.
The investigation revealed a consensus among industry experts and companies that it's not a case of if, but when oil and gas reserves larger than in the North Sea will be discovered in the Atlantic Margin. The only barrier was the current lack of test drilling and technology. Many cited the case of BP's Clair Ridge as an example of how technical difficulties once overcome can lead to new oil reserves. BP employed advanced recovery techniques to access fields in the Clair Ridge that were previously inaccessible due to geographical issues such as deep water. In the 1970s, drilling companies believed such fields were out of reach, but now that new technology has opened these fields up, the Clair Ridge alone will produce 120,000 barrels per day at peak levels of production. This translates to an estimated eight billion barrels of oil worth approximately £300 billion.
Analysis from DECC further backs up the reports finding. Its recent Strategic Environmental Assessment identified the following areas as priority for further exploration: Rockall Basin, Outer Hebrides Platform and parts of the Hatton Basin and Hatton High.
The investigation also found that oil companies had evidence that there was significant potential for large oil finds in the Faroe-Shetland Basin. Geological evidence found that it contains more large undrilled structural traps that the North Sea.
The investigation also found that the industry had evidence of a large and significant oil field off the West coast of Lewis that could dwarf many of the larger finds around the world. Surveys have already proven that thick Permo-Triassic sandstones exist in the area, a key indicator that oil is present in large quantities.
The investigation also found that oil companies over the next few years are planning to accelerate significantly the number of test drilling wells in the Atlantic Margin. Currently only 20 test wells have been drilled, which compares with more than 3000 that have been drilled in the North Sea.
Professor Dorrik Stow, head of the Institute of Petroleum Engineering, Heriot Watt University, quoted in the report, said: “The major basins are filled with thick sedimentary successions – this helps produce and then reservoir the oil and gas. West of Scotland, the sedimentary basins are much closer to those of the North Sea and are a fantastic location for oil and gas.”
Kevin Forbes, CEO of Oilandgaspeople.com , said: “The report provides independent evidence that the frontier Atlantic Margins off the West Coast of Scotland are likely to hold large oil and gas fields that could well be the same size if not bigger than the reserves in the North Sea,” he said.
He added: “Previously inaccessible fields are becoming more and more accessible with improved technology, advanced recovery techniques and the desire of oil majors to invest billions of pounds across Scotland. Exploration in the West Coast is only just beginning and it is very possible that we have underestimated the true potential reserves of oil and gas in Scotland. This is a very exciting time for our industry with the North Sea experiencing a second boom and West Coast of Scotland very much in its infancy.”
The British Geology Survey specialist, Howard Johnson, team leader on Continental Margins, stated that: “There is no doubt that there are considerable reserves of oil and gas in the British North Atlantic sector, an extensive Palaeogene Igneous Province is well documented on the conjugate continental margins of NW Europe…..including the British North Atlantic sector. That there is a working petroleum system in at least parts of the UK Atlantic Frontier areas can be demonstrated by finds such as the Benbecula gas discovery in the NE Rockall Basin.”
Offshore funds flowing from crisis-hit Cyprus have helped boost bank deposits in Latvia, strengthening the small Baltic state's position as an offshore banking centre for neighbouring Russia and other ex-Soviet states, recent data reveal.
Non-resident deposits are near 50% of total bank deposits, a record high, with Latvia's location next to Russia its key advantage. It has drawn funds from both businesses and rich individuals, who see it is as a stable proxy for Western banks, with the added attraction that Russian is widely spoken.
Regulators are keeping a wary eye on the development as Latvia, which aims to join the eurozone in 2014, suffered a deep crisis after the crash of a bank with heavy non-resident business in 2008, and some of its banks have been implicated in alleged money laundering.
"The same way as we export logistics services, we also export financial services," Kristaps Zakulis, chairman of the FKTK banking sector regulator, told Reuters in an interview, referring to ports, railways and transit traffic.
"We are close to that eastern market. We can speak the same language with them, not to mention all the historical nostalgia," he added.
A European Union source said Latvia had improved supervision of its banks after a crisis that lopped 25% off its output over 2008-2010, and the country was now attracting funds as a gateway to the EU, and, potentially to the eurozone, which Latvia wants to join in 2014.
"There are signs that some of the money and business, which until recently were at the Cypriot banks, have moved to Latvia," said Baiba Melnace, a spokeswoman for the Latvian Association of Commercial Banks.
FKTK data show that while domestic deposits fell between the end of 2010 and July 2012, non-residents' deposits have risen 25% to a record 5.8 billion Latvian lats (€8.28 billion).
In contrast, data from Cyprus, which suffered from Greece's woes and has requested a bailout, shows bank deposits by businesses resident outside the EU fell from €13 billion in August 2011 to just over €11 billion in August this year.
The coincidence is striking but does not make it possible to quantify the hot money leaving Cyprus is flowing into Latvia.
Residence permit
Latvia increased its attractiveness for foreign depositors by passing a law in 2009 allowing anyone who invests 100,000 lats (€144,150) to get a residency permit.
The measure was aimed mainly at Russian clients, for whom a residency permit would allow them to move more freely around the EU, but it also prompted interest from Chinese and Indian investors, the newspaper Diena reported.
While the growth in deposits is good news for banks, which say it will help an economy still recovering from a deep depression, the banking sector has had its problems.
Latvian banks have been implicated in money laundering in the past or had crises due to fast moving foreign money.
Money laundering allegations arose afresh this month, when prosecutors launched a probe into whether banks handled funds from alleged tax fraud in Russia.
Following years of dormancy, two proposed high-rise developments near the LACMA campus are finally showing signs of life.
Last month, permit applications were filed with the City of Los Angeles for new mixed-use developments at 6245 and 6401 Wilshire Boulevard. According to case filings from the Department of Building and Safety (LADBS), both properties would be developed with a combination of apartments, ground-floor commercial space and concomitant parking accommodations. Further records from the Department of City Planning indicate that the projects are linked to UDR, a Colorado-based developer of multi-family residential complexes.
The first of the two projects, 6245 Wilshire, is slated for an L-shaped site on Crescent Heights Boulevard between Wilshire Boulevard and Orange Street. A March article from real estate publication Bisnow reports that the proposed tower would rise 18 stories, featuring a "hip design," and smaller dwelling units which would cater towards Millennials. The approximately one-acre property, currently occupied by a standalone retail building, was previously intended for a 21-story development by the Houston-based Hanover Company.
The second development, 6401 Wilshire, would be located one block west on a .8-acre property at the intersection of Wilshire Boulevard and La Jolla Avenue. Plans call for a 15-story edifice, featuring larger units with condo like amenities. LADBS records indicate that the building would include 90 dwelling units and 6,000 square feet of retail space, served by an above-grade parking structure. The proposed tower, like its counterpart to the east, revives a scuttled pre-recession development planned by the Hanover Company.
Both projects represent a continued partnership between developer UDR and Steinberg Architects, which are currently in the midst of construction on a similar 18-story apartment tower in Koreatown. Their proposed developments at 6245 and 6401 Wilshire are scheduled to break ground later this year.
Zimbabwe have voted in referendum that is expected to endorse a new constitution that would reduce President Robert Mugabe's powers and clear the decks for elections later in the year.
About six million eligible voters had been expected to cast their ballots on Saturday at 9,456 polling stations spread across the southern African country.
The country's main political parties, including Mugabe's ZANU-PF, are in favour of the proposed law changes, making the simple majority needed for a "yes" vote a near certainty.Official results are expected to be released within five days of the vote.
Al Jazeera's Haru Mutasa, reporting from the capital Harare, said "many people are hoping for a change, mainly an economic one ... People want jobs, because right now people are struggling".
An attack on activists and officials of Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai's party on the eve of the vote marred what had been a blood-free campaign.
Although authorities have targeted pro-democracy groups in the runup to the vote, arresting their leaders and seizing equipment, few deaths have been reported.
During the attack on Friday, members of Tsvangirai's Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) were punched as they put up posters urging voters to approve the proposed law.
'Violent country'
The MDC suggested the attack was perpetrated by supporters of Mugabe's Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front.
Police dismissed the incident as stage-managed by a BBC television crew, who were also attacked, to "portray Zimbabwe as a violent country".
The new constitution would curb the presidential powers that Mugabe has enjoyed during his 33-year rule and lay the groundwork for elections due in July that would end an often acrimonious power-sharing deal between Mugabe and
Tsvangirai.
"This constitution is fairly straightforward, the election is what is uncertain ... The problem with Zimbabwe has always been that too much power has been in the hands of the president," our correspondent said.
Although the draft has the backing of both 89-year-old Mugabe and his rival Tsvangirai, 61, tensions between supporters of the two main parties are seething after a series of bloody elections in the crisis-weary country.
"The attacks are a clear testimony that ZANU-PF wants to embark on acts of violence," Douglas Mwonzora, MDC spokesman, said.
During 2008 elections more than 180 people were killed and 9,000 injured, according to Amnesty International, the UK-based rights monitor, prompting a national crisis that forced Mugabe into his power-sharing deal with Tsvangirai.
Many saw the government's harassment of activists in the run-up to the referendum as a prelude to a more serious election crackdown.
MANILA, Philippines — Political violence on a scale never seen before has rocked the Philippines, with the brutal murders of 46 people, sparking new and grave concerns about the role of family dynasties in the country's political system.
The victims — relatives of politicians, lawyers and several journalists — were abducted by around 100 armed men in Maguindanao province, in the southern Philippines. By Tuesday, 46 bodies had been recovered, according to police.
President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo placed two southern provinces under a state of emergency on Tuesday.
Many of the victims were beheaded and brutally shot and hacked, according to Esmael Mangudadatu, a vice mayor of a small town whose wife, sister and other kin were among those believed dead.
The incident blanketed the whole country with a sense of doom, made especially stark since Filipinos have been celebrating the recent victory of boxing phenom Manny Pacquiao and CNN's selection for Hero of the Year, Efren Penaflorida, a young man who drives around a pushcart to teach poor kids how to read and write.
The gruesome violence was a brutal reality check that once again underscored just how deadly Philippine democracy can be and, perhaps more importantly, how little has been done to eliminate one of its scourges: political warlordism.
“[Monday's] outrage brings this country closer to failed state status,” said Inday Espina-Varona, editor of the Manila newsweekly Philippine Graphic. It was a “brutal and barbaric display of naked power,” said Carlos Isagani Zarate, a lawyer from Mindanao, the main region in the southern Philippines. Two of Zarate's colleagues who were lawyers of Esmael Mangudadatu were among those presumed dead. “This is a tragic commentary of our so-called democracy,” Zarate added.
While often exalted as the epitome of U.S.-style democracy in Asia, the Philippines has not quite lived up to the hype, if we go by the violence Filipinos witness every election season. In the 2007 midterm elections, more than 100 people were killed in election-related violence. In the 2004 elections, the number of deaths was even higher, at more than 200. But nothing — Zarate said not even during the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos — came close to the brutality of Monday's attacks.
What made the incident more incendiary is the fact that at least a dozen journalists, who were covering the relatives of Mangudadatu as they went to the provincial capital to file his candidacy papers, were likewise killed, further cementing the Philippines's notoriety as the most dangerous country in the world for journalists next only to Iraq. “Never in the history of journalism have the news media suffered such a heavy loss of life in one day,” the Paris-based Reporters Without Borders reacted in a statement.
Political families or dynasties, with their warlords and private armies, rule the Philippine political landscape, especially in the provinces. They are products of the Philippines' colonial experience, with the Spanish and Americans nurturing them to protect each other's interests. Even after the country gained independence in 1946, the system — which can only be described as feudal — persisted, with land-owning Filipino families forming their own dynasties, building their own private armies and running for public office to protect their interests.
According to the Center for People Empowerment in Governance, a Manila think tank, there are an estimated 250 political dynasties in the Philippines. Of the 265 members of Congress in 2007, it said in a report that year, 160 of them belonged to these powerful families.
In the same report, the center said these political dynasties almost singlehandedly engendered a culture of election fraud. “Fraud recycles the political dynasties and keeps them in power. It breeds generations of cheaters and manipulators, corrupt politicians, mediocre executives, bribe takers, absenteeism in Congress,” it said.
Apart from fraud, these dynasties flourish because Filipinos tend not to vote according to class, ethnicity, religion or even ideology. As a result, the Filipino family has become “the most enduring political unit and the one into which, failing some wider principle of participation, all other units dissolve,” wrote Brian Fegan, an American anthropologist and historian, in his book “An Anarchy of Families: State and Family in the Philippines.”
Monday's violence is typical of the dynamic between Filipino political dynasties. The victims, the Mangudadatus, are themselves a powerful political clan in at least two Muslim provinces in Mindanao. Esmael Mangudadatu, the vice mayor of Buluan town, is challenging the governorship of Maguindanao province whose governor, Andal Ampatuan, belongs to the Mangudadatus' main political rival. Esmael Mangudadatu alleged on Monday that the Ampatuans launched the attack to frustrate his attempt to become governor, which is perhaps the most important office that a political dynasty should have in order to remain in power.
Prior to this incident, there had been violent attacks perpetrated by either side and Esmael Mangudadatu, in television interviews on Monday, admitted that he had sent his wife and other female relatives to file his candidacy for him, thinking that his opponents would not harm women. He was wrong: The military says 13 of the 21 bodies they recovered Monday were those of Mangudadatu's women relatives as well as his two women lawyers.
What made this case even more politically intriguing is the fact the Ampatuans are allies of President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. They have thrived in Maguindanao largely because of Arroyo's patronage.
In the 2004 elections, Andal Ampatuan, who was already governor at the time, publicly promised to Arroyo that he would deliver most of Maguindanao's votes for her and her party. He did, with two of the towns they controlled delivering zero votes to Arroyo's opponent — sparking allegations of massive election fraud. In fact, the allegation that is hounding Arroyo — that she cheated her way to the presidency in 2004 — had its beginnings in Maguindanao province, with the Ampatuans allegedly behind the whole thing.
The Ampatuans had denied the election fraud charge. They have not issued any statement to refute the recent attacks, while Arroyo has promised to investigate the carnage and bring the perpetrators to justice.
In any case, there has always been a call over the years for government to dismantle these private armies. The latest one was sounded off by Amnesty International in a statement on Monday. “The government must prohibit and disband private armies and paramilitary forces immediately,” said Donna Guest, the group's deputy director for Asia-Pacific.
Political movements have also been launched to break the stranglehold of political dynasties on Philippine democracy. These have had some few successes but, overall, the dynasties still rule.
In fact, Arroyo herself has demonstrated that a powerful political family is crucial to survival in the rough-and-tumble world of Philippine politics. Her two sons and her sister- and brother-in-laws are all members of congress. Her allies even created a new district in one province so that one of her boys can run there.
By Anson Wainwright
When BoxingScene.com spoke with Kubrat Pulev ahead of his heavyweight title fight with Wladimir Klitschko, Pulev was keen to talk about performance-enhancing drugs, specifically pointing out that he is tested regular by NADA while Klitschko only uses the German Boxing Association.
They were scheduled to fight on September 6th, but Klitschko withdrew on Monday with a biceps injury. The fight will be postponed until a date in November.
Here's what the unbeaten Bulgarian had to say.
“Boxing is about integrity,” Pulev told BoxingScene.com. “Testing for performance-enhancing drugs helps to keep or even up the level of integrity.
“There are already a lot of fighters in the US, the UK and in Europe, who do those tests voluntary. Years ago, my promoter Sauerland Event signed a deal with the German [drug testing organization] NADA to have me tested on a 24/7 basis. Even if such a deal would not exist, I would pay to keep up this level of testing. This is the only way you can prove to the people, to the fans, that you are clean and free of doping.
“So when Wladimir Klitschko says that he only stands by the rules of the BDB (German Boxing Association), I see his point is to only provide a sample after the fight – the BDB does not call for anything else. However, what does this tell you about what Wladimir Klitschko thinks about the integrity of the sport of boxing?
“He, who is one of the biggest self-promoted boxers in the world. He, who even signed for a commercial with the German [group] NADA as one of their faces – is still the only one of those faces not having a deal with NADA to do 24/7 testing? I think you can answer this question yourself.”
Questions and/or comments can be sent to Anson at [email protected] and you can follow him at www.twitter.com/AnsonWainwright
June 16, 2016
by Elsa Lam
PROJECT Stade de soccer de Montréal, Saint-Michel Environmental Complex Park, Montreal, Quebec
ARCHITECTS Saucier+Perrotte Architectes with HCMA Architecture + Design
TEXT Elsa Lam
PHOTOS Olivier Blouin
If you look at the elbow-shaped island of Montreal from above, you'll see several large swaths of green: nature reserves along the edges, Mount Royal Park at the centre of the island, the botanical gardens next to the Olympic Stadium, several golf courses.
Then there's a pale green rectangle towards the inner crook of the elbow, not far from downtown. It's a not-quite-yet park—a former quarry, later turned garbage dump, that is slowly being covered over with green. Once the rehabilitation is complete in 2023, the 153-hectare Saint-Michel Environmental Complex Park will be the city's second largest, after Mount Royal. The lowest part of the quarry will be transformed into a lake, surrounded by wooded areas, pathways, an outdoor theatre and sports fields. Below the surface, biogas emitted by the buried garbage will continue to be collected and used as fuel.
Meanwhile, at the border of the park, an impressive component of the overall plan has already been completed. The Saint-Michel soccer complex, by Saucier+Perrotte Architectes with HCMA Architecture + Design, is inspired by the massive man-made topography of the former quarry. “For me, Mount Royal is convex, while Saint-Michel Park is concave. It's like the yin and yang of the park situation in Montreal,” explains lead architect Gilles Saucier, FIRAC, whose team won the commission following a two-stage design competition. Conceptually, the project is a “simple plate of ground” that delaminates up from the rim of the quarry, reaching towards the higher topography at the centre of the island.
The building contains two soccer fields—one indoor, sheltered by a mass timber roof, and one outdoors. The outdoor field is framed by arm-like extensions of the roof, which transform into gates and bleachers to embrace the sides of the field in a giant hug. Between the two soccer pitches, the structure's shoulders arch over the two ends of a new public plaza, a future gateway to the park.
Soccer is a fitting program for one of Montreal's most ethnically diverse neighbourhoods. Requiring only a ball and a patch of ground, it's perhaps the most international of sports, and is far more accessible than the province's beloved hockey. “As a pavilion in the park, the centre presents a new place for different cultures to meet, through the common link of sports,” says Saucier. “Every nationality is together in the building.”
Inside, the symbol of unity is the project's striking roof: a dynamic lattice in mass timber, manufactured by Nordic Structures, that spans the 68-metre-wide field and bleachers. The system's primary beams are four-metre-high box constructions, which appear monolithic, but are actually made of glulam top and bottom chords with cross-laminated timber webs. Solid, one-metre-high secondary and smaller tertiary members contribute to cross bracing.
Instead of a regular grid, the members are laid on 14-degree angles to generate a pattern of seemingly random diagonals. The visual confusion is deliberate. “It completely shifts your perception,” says Saucier. The lines create an unexpected sense of spaciousness, evoking the paths taken by soccer balls kicked and passed across the field below.
All of the project's other spaces—offices, concessions, change rooms, classrooms, service spaces—are arrayed along a spine to the west. This side of the building is tucked into a two-storey berm that shields the site from busy Papineau Avenue; rooms that require daylight pop outward like glass boxes atop the slope.
The massing strategy allows the quarry-facing side of the project to be opened up entirely to the landscape, over which a glazed façade provides stunning views. The façade is shielded by an exterior overhang and masked by an 80-percent frit pattern that protects the pitch from glare, yet still manages to feel light and airy. “Achieving a high level of daylighting while ensuring playability was a key issue from a technical standpoint,” says Darryl Condon, FRAIC, of HCMA. “We all thrive under natural light, particularly in our climate.”
Outside, standing-seam zinc cladding covers the building. A syncopated rhythm of vertical striations was created using three widths of pre-fabricated panels. The cladding accentuates the faceted shape of the volume, while making reference to the dynamite blasting lines in the quarry's exposed rock face.
With large-scale buildings driven by a single concept, certain details assume an enormous importance. Saucier is astute with material selection. “When working mostly with black, white, grey and accents, controlling the colours is very important,” he says. “If you do not take care, it can become boring.” The soccer centre's colours are anything but: Saucier picked a warm grey for the exterior cladding, which is a fitting pairing with the exposed wood under the eaves. The interior is enlivened with translucent burnt orange panels at the entrance, and a spectrum of colours on the change room doors that shifts gradually from lemon yellow to lime green.
Above the field, fluorescent lighting is neatly aligned to the roof members. Other systems, including HVAC and sprinkler lines, follow their own grid. This was deliberate, although incorporating these elements into the wood structural system could have added further to the elegance of the composition.
At present, the project feels massive—a soccer pitch is a big surface area, especially when framed with a flat roof. However, this largeness will be mediated as vegetation grows in on the western berm. More importantly, the scale is designed to feel right from the vantage point of the quarry park, where the project will be most often seen as a sculptural object—rather than from the pathway directly alongside the centre, or from Papineau Avenue.
Ultimately, the scale delivers where it counts. Inside, the monumental roof creates a grand venue for the game of soccer. It might not be the coziest place for a game of weekday pickup—a neighbourhood park with doffed jackets as goalposts will always be better for that—but for a faceoff between rival schools, or a weekend tournament between semi-pro teams, the Saint-Michel Soccer Centre will be the place to be. “Kids are so excited to play here,” says Saucier. The grandeur of the pitches are enough to make any player, young or old, feel like a soccer star.
When Richmond vape shop Avail Vapor saw that the FDA was still questioning how to regulate ecigs, they decided to get involved. They set up a survey to ask local vapers about their motivations for using ecigs and how vaping impacted their tobacco habits. After collecting answers from 8,500 electronic cigarette users, they uncovered some surprising discoveries.
One of the big concerns among FDA regulators is whether ecigs will be a gateway to tobacco use. So Avail asked the vapers about their history with tobacco products both before and after they encountered electronic cigarettes. It turns out that 94 percent of the ecig users were using tobacco before they began vaping. Tobacco use ranged from a year to 30 years, but there was one common denominator. The vast majority of respondents (80 percent) said they started using ecigs to help them stop smoking. Most of them were successful with 85 percent giving up tobacco completely after they began vaping. It didn't take long either – 69 percent said they were completely tobacco-free within a month of using ecigs.
Avail's co-founder James Xu said the survey revealed that vaping is “not a gateway to traditional smoking”. In fact, he believes the data clearly shows that ecigs actually act as a gateway to smoking cessation. He said participants rarely reported dual use (both smoking and vaping) and he rarely sees that in the vape shop as well. Most people are choosing to vape so they can kick the cigarette habit once and for all.
After getting such positive results from the survey, Xu said that Avail will send the responses to the FDA for consideration. Maggie M. Gowen, the director of communications for Avail, said she hoped the FDA would give consideration to the voices of vapers in Richmond and across the country. “We decided we would like our customers to voice their opinions,” she explained.
Now it's your turn to express your opinion! What caused you to try ecigarettes for the first time? Did you quit smoking after you began vaping?
Image caption The dram was bought for £7,600
A dram of vintage Scotch bought by a Chinese millionaire in a Swiss hotel bar for £7,600 was a fake, laboratory tests have concluded.
Analysts from Scotland were called in by the Waldhaus Am See hotel in St Moritz after experts questioned the authenticity of the 2cl shot.
It had been poured from an unopened bottle labelled as an 1878 Macallan single malt.
It is believed to be the largest sum ever paid for a poured dram of Scotch.
But analysis found that it was almost certainly not distilled before 1970.
The hotel said it had accepted the findings and reimbursed the customer in full.
Zhang Wei, 36, from Beijing - one of China's highest-earning online writers - had paid just under 10,000 Swiss francs (£7,600, $10,050) for the single shot while visiting the hotel's Devil's Place whisky bar in July.
But suspicions about the spirit's provenance surfaced soon after the purchase, when whisky industry experts spotted discrepancies in the bottle's cork and label from newspaper articles.
Image copyright Sandro Bernasconi Image caption Mr Zhang was photographed with hotel manager Sandro Bernasconi after buying the dram
That prompted the Waldhaus to send a sample to Dunfermline-based specialists Rare Whisky 101 (RW101) for analysis.
Carbon dating tests were then carried out by researchers from the University of Oxford, which suggested a 95% probability that the spirit was created between 1970 and 1972.
Further lab tests by Fife-based alcohol analysts Tatlock and Thomson indicated that it was probably a blended Scotch, comprising 60% malt and 40% grain - ruling it out as a single malt.
RW101 said the tests had shown that the bottle was "almost worthless as a collector's item".
Had the bottle been genuine, it would have carried a bar-value of about 300,000 Swiss francs (£227,000).
Image copyright Sandro Bernasconi Image caption The dram was poured from an unopened bottle that purported to be an 1878 Macallan
Mr Zhang, who writes martial arts fantasy novels under the pen name Tang Jia San Shao, earned the equivalent of about $16.8m in 2015, according to China Daily .
He bought the dram while on holiday with his grandmother at the Swiss hotel, which stocks 2,500 different whiskies.
Waldhaus manager Sandro Bernasconi told BBC Scotland that the hotel had no idea the bottle was a fake.
He said: "My father bought the bottle of Macallan 25 years ago, when he was manager of this hotel, and it had not been opened.
"When Mr Zhang asked if he could try some, we told him it wasn't for sale. When he said he really wanted to try it, I called my father who told me we could wait another 20 years for a customer like that so we should sell it.
"Mr Zhang and I then opened the bottle together and drank some of it."
Image copyright Weibo Image caption Mr Zhang wrote about his experience with the "1878" Macallan a few days after his visit to the Waldhaus hotel
A few days after tasting the whisky, Mr Zhang posted a message on the Chinese micro-blogging platform Weibo about his experience.
He wrote in Mandarin: "When I came across a fine spirit from over 100 years ago, there wasn't much struggle inside.
"My grandma who accompanied me on this trip was only 82, yet the alcohol was 139 years old - same age as my grandma's grandma.
"To answer you all, it had a good taste. It's not just the taste, but also history."
Image copyright Hotel Waldhaus Am See Image caption The dram was bought from the Devil's Place whisky bar in St Moritz
Mr Bernasconi broke the bad news to Mr Zhang when he flew out to China to reimburse him recently.
He added: "When I showed him the results, he was not angry - he thanked me very much for the hotel's honesty and said his experience in Switzerland had been good.
"When it comes to selling our customers some of the world's rarest and oldest whiskies, we felt it was our duty to ensure that our stock is 100% authentic and the real deal.
"That's why we called in RW101.
"The result has been a big shock to the system, and we are delighted to have repaid our customer in full as a gesture of goodwill."
RW101 co-founder David Robertson said: "The Waldhaus team did exactly the right thing by trying to authenticate this whisky.
"We would implore that others in the market do what they can to identify any rogue bottles.
"The more intelligence we can provide, the greater the chance we have to defeat the fakers and fraudsters who seek to dupe the unsuspecting rare whisky consumer."
Recent revelations concerning the National Security Agency's controversial mass surveillance programs -- and the government contractor who leaked classified documents about those programs -- have sparked a renewed dialogue: How much individual freedom are U.S. citizens willing to sacrifice for the sake of national security? Like many Americans, I appreciate a zone of privacy around my personal matters. I don't like it when that zone is invaded. At the same time, there are legitimate reasons for our government to monitor cyberspace, where the threats and vulnerabilities to American safety are real and need to be taken seriously. Still, my own ambivalence toward the privacy vs. security discussion does not diminish my disappointment in the disclosure that the U.S. government has for several years been mining the private data of millions of Americans and, in effect, spying on our allies as well as our adversaries. Equally bothersome is that this new, massive extension of government power has occurred with very little debate or public discussion and on the watch of the president, Congress and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, better known as the FISA court.
The NSA's controversial activities raise some important questions:
How do we have an informed debate when we don't know what our government is doing?
Can the scope of intrusions into people's lives be minimized or narrowed?
Why is this data so critical to our government?
How do we better limit the access of contractors to the nation's most sensitive secrets?
The Obama administration has said that it welcomes a debate on these issues. But it has not enabled that debate: the discussion has been thrust upon the administration because of the recent leaks. In fact, the administration has contributed to misinformation about the surveillance programs exposed this month. When asked whether the government had been collecting data on millions of Americans, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper flatly said "no," which was a gross misstatement. President Obama suggests that the oversight of these surveillance programs was transparent, which also is not correct. The secrecy and passivity with which Congress has approached these programs is also confounding. I find it astounding that so many members of Congress could be informed about the specifics of these programs, subsequently give them their blessing and fail to see the urgent need for public discussion. I could say the same about the FISA court, which has continually demonstrated an unwillingness to reject almost all NSA surveillance requests. Remarkably, at a time when cynicism and suspicion toward government is rampant, our government institutions are engaged in a massive play for power. Even the less cynical among us know that once the government has power, that power will not easily be relinquished. While I'd like to give the benefit of the doubt to those charged with carrying out these surveillance programs -- individuals who are undoubtedly decent and patriotic -- I worry about the potential for abuse of this considerable power 10 or 15 or 20 years from now. So what can Americans do to prevent a future abuse of power? Clearly, there is a need for more public disclosure and debate. Concerns over national security will continue to be paramount. Yet I believe that far more information than has currently been released about these surveillance programs can be made available to the American public without compromising sensitive intelligence. We must call upon Congress to robustly scrutinize these programs, press the administration for maximum transparency and ensure that it better explain both why these programs are important and what safeguards are included in the process of gathering data that protect Americans' right to privacy. Additionally, the FISA court must provide more rigorous examination and oversight of future surveillance requests. To do so, its judges will need to become more familiar with the complexities contained in the surveillance requests they receive and better equipped to ask critical questions of intelligence personnel making those requests. Finally, we need to support the work of an active, engaged and energetic Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, which, despite being a key recommendation of the 9/11 Commission nearly 10 years ago, only became fully operational in May. Members of the board have been given a congressional mandate to dutifully analyze and review the actions that the administration takes to protect the nation from terrorism, ensuring that concerns with respect to privacy and civil liberties are appropriately considered. The board should be given robust power so that it can provide forceful pushback -- which, up until now, has been largely nonexistent -- against arguments for national security programs that do not properly safeguard the privacy of our citizens. In case you were wondering, the recently exposed NSA programs will not be repealed. The president, the courts, the Congress and the national security community strongly support them, and, according to recent polls, the American people also approve increased surveillance. Nor do I think these programs should be repealed. But that doesn't mean they cannot be improved and brought within our constitutional system of checks and balances. What I hope to see instead is more rigorous scrutiny and oversight of our surveillance programs -- and more forthcoming answers from our government. We must remain vigilant against the threat of attacks while also guarding our personal freedoms.
Lee H. Hamilton is Professor of Practice, Indiana University School of Public and Environmental Affairs; Distinguished Scholar, IU School of Global and International Studies; Director, Center on Congress at Indiana University. He served as U.S. Representative from Indiana's 9th Congressional District from 1965-1999.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Richard Mourdock's campaign is probably correct that it is all the fault of the "liberal media" that he lost his Senate race in Indiana, as it claimed in a fundraising email obtained by The Hill's Cameron Joseph. If the media hadn't reported that Mourdock actually said out loud that he thinks rape pregnancies are a "gift from God" and "something that God intended to happen," he might have won. (Thanks to the liberal media, all of the GOP's rape apologist caucus lost in November.) Mourdock also might have won, despite the liberal media, if he had never said those things.
The Hill has an email sent to Mourdock supporters by his finance director Ashlee Walls:
After a bitter, hard-fought campaign, many Republicans all over the country were forced to accept defeat rather than celebrate victory. In our case, we found our campaign caught in the liberal media crosshairs. Never has Indiana seen a more obvious example of media bias by reporters more interested in defeating conservatives than reporting the news… We fought back and invested heavily in a last-minute push to combat the slew of false accusations Democrats and the liberal media churned up to distract voters.
Mourdock, a Republican, lost his Senate race to Democrat Joe Donnelly by 44 percent to 50 percent. Despite the liberal media, Mitt Romney, a Republican, won Indiana by 54 percent to President Obama's 44 percent.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Trying to find the best mascara? There are SO many options out there, from Maybelline to L'Oréal and MAC to Rimmel, how do you you choose?
Well whether you're after a lengthening mascara for short lashes or a volumising one to give you a false-lash flutter, we have ALL the reviews you need. Yup, if a picture speaks 1000 words, you're in luck, because we've tested 100 of the UK's best mascaras on one eye, so now you can see what each formula looks like IRL.
We haven't chosen a 'winner' for this beauty experiment – it's up to YOU. Do you want length, volume, curl or a natural look? Decide what suits your lashes with our pictorial evidence – and wave your magic wand...
Oh, and if you're after the best waterproof mascara, be sure to check out our ultimate smudge test.
1. NYX Cosmetics Doll Eye Mascara, £9 2. Lord & Berry Scuba Extreme Waterproof Mascara, £10 3. Clinique Bottom Lash Mascara, £12 4. Accessorize Fibre Lash Lengthening Mascara, £5.95
5. Benefit, Bad Gal Lash Mascara, £17.50 6. Bourjois Volume Clubbing Ultra Black Mascara, £7.99 7. Origins GinZing Mascara, £17.50 8. Clinique High Impact Waterproof Mascara, £16.50
9. MAC Extended Play Lash Mascara, £14 10. Rimmel Max Volume Flash Mascara, £6.69 11. NYC Big Bold Curl Mascara, £1.99 12. PUR Big Blink with Argan Oil Mascara, £15
13. Barry M Lash Vegas Mascara, £6.49 14. Chantecaille Faux Clis Mascara, £35 15. Benefit They're Real Mascara, £19.50 16. AVON Supershock Max Mascara, £10
17. Bobbi Brown Everything Mascara, £19 18. Rimmel Scandal Eyes Flex Mascara, £6.99 19. Elizabeth Arden Beautiful Colour Lash Enhancing Mascara, £21 20. BareMinerals Flawless Definition Mascara, £16
21. Seventeen Va Va Voom Mascara, £6.29 22. Liz Earle Lash Definition Smudgeproof Mascara, £14.50 23. Guerlain Maxi Lash Mascara, £23 24. The Body Shop Super Volume Mascara, £10
25. Maybelline The Falsies Flared Mascara, £7.99 26. Bourjois Fantastic Volume Mascara, £9.99 27. Shavata Extreme Volumising Mascara, £15 28. Seventeen Doll'd Up Mascara, £6.29
29. Dior Diorshow Mascara Volume Lash-extension Effect Mascara, 30. Gosh Boombastic XXL Volume Mascara, £8.49 31. Smashbox Full Exposure Mascara, £18 32. Clinique High Impact Extreme Volume Mascara, £17
33. Lancome Hypnose Doll Eyes Mascara, £22.50 34. Make Up Store Rotating Mascara, 35. Giorgio Armani Eyes to Kill Mascara, £25.50 36. Givenchy Noir Couture Waterproof Mascara, £23.50
37. Max Factor False Lash Effect Mascara, £10.99 38. YSL Mascara Volume Effet Faux Cils Babydoll 1 Mascara, £24.50 39. Maybelline Great Lash Blackest Black Mascara, £4.99 40. Tom Ford Extreme Mascara, £34
41. MAC False Lashes Extreme Black Mascara, £18 42. Shu Uemura Precise Volume Waterproof Mascara, 43. Bobbi Brown Perfectly Defined Mascara, 44. Dior Diorshow Iconic Extreme Mascara, £23
45. L'Oréal Paris Volume A Million Lashes Mascara, £10.99 46. Wild About Beauty Nourishing Mascara, £18 47. Miss Sporty 24h Pump Up Booster Mascara, £3.99 48. Urban Decay Big Fatty Mascara, £15
49. Daniel Sandler Jumbo Jet Mascara, £14.75 50. Art Deco Art Couture Lash Volumizer Mascara, £14.50 51. MAC Extended Play Gigablack Lash Mascara, £14 52. The Body Shop Big And Curvy Mascara, £10
53. Dr. Hauschka Volume Mascara, £18.25 54. Eyeko Lengthening Skinny Brush
Mascara, £15 55. MAC Studio Fix Lash Mascara, £14 56. AVON Supershock Mascara, £8.50
57. Lancome Hypnose Drama Mascara, £22.50 58. Bobbi Brown Lash Glamour Extreme Lengthening Mascara, £19 59. Shiseido Perfect Mascara Full Definition, £23.50 60. Rimmel Lash Accelerator Endless Mascara, £7.99
61. MAC Opulash Mascara, £14 62. Max Factor Lash Extension Effect Extreme Lengthening Mascara, £10.99 63. NYC Show Time Volumising Waterproof Mascara, £1.99 64. Bourjois Ultra Black Volumizer Mascara, £10.99
65. MUA Mascara, £1 66. Bourjois Volume Glamour Max Definition Mascara,£9.99 67. Collection 2000 Mascara, 68. Kiko Luxurious Lashes Mascara, £7.20
69. Eyeko Fat Brush Mascara, £15 70. YSL Shocking Mascara Volume Effet Faux Cils Mascara, £23 71. Soap and Glory Thick and Fast Mascara, £10 72. Rimmel Scandal Eyes Show Off Mascara, £6.99
73. Seventeen Falsifeye False Lash Effect Mascara, £6.49 74. 2True Wow! Volume Mascara, £1.50 75. Eyeko Black Magic Drama & Curl Mascara, £18 76. MAC Studio Fix Boldblack Lash, £14
77. Revlon Lash Potion by Grow Luscious Mascara, £9.99 78. Topshop Volume Lash Mascara, 79. Nars Larger Than Life Volumizing Mascara, £19 80. Bobbi Brown No Smudge Mascara, £17.10
81. Max Factor Wild Mega Volume Volumising Mascara, £6.99 82. Bourjois Volume Glamour Max Mascara, £9.99 83. Gosh Growth Mascara, £8.49 84. Art Deco Amazing Effect Mascara, £11.50
85. Sensai 38°C Mascara, £20 86. Eyeko Curvy Brush Mascara, £15 87. Diego Dalla Palma Graduated Volume Mascara, £17 88. Cargo Triple Action Mascara, £14
89. Maybelline The Rocket Volum' Express Waterproof Mascara, £7.99 90. RMK Separate Curl Mascara, £22 91. d.j.v Beautenizer Fiberwig LX Mascara, £18 92. Essential Care Organic Mascara, £17.50
93. Sheer Cover Extra Length Mascara, £17.95 94. Vivo Volume + Length Mascara, £3.49 95. MUA Mega Volume Mascara, £3 96. Bobbi Brown Intensifying Long Wear Mascara, £17.10
97. L'Oréal Paris False Lash Telescopic Mascara , £10.99 98. L'Oréal Paris False Lash Flutter Mascara, £10.99 99. 2True Wow! Volume Waterproof Mascara, £1.50 100. B. A11 Lengthening, defining and Volumising Waterproof Mascara, £9.99
50 years ago today, IBM unveiled the System/360 mainframe, a groundbreaking computer that allowed new levels of compatibility between systems and helped NASA send astronauts to the Moon.
While IBM had been making its 700 and 7000 Series mainframes for more than a decade, the System/360 "ushered in an era of computer compatibility—for the first time, allowing machines across a product line to work with each other," IBM says. "It was the first product family that allowed business data-processing operations to grow from the smallest machine to the largest without the enormous expense of rewriting vital programs... Code written for the smallest member of the family had to be upwardly compatible with each of the family's larger processors. Peripherals such as printers, communications devices, storage, and input-output devices had to be compatible across the family."
Before the System/360, "businesses bought a computer, wrote programs for it, and then when it got too old or slow they threw it away and started again from scratch," IBM spokesperson Barry Heptonstall told the BBC.
Text of the original press release issued by IBM's Data Processing Division on April 7, 1964 is on IBM's site. The systems would sell for $133,000 to $5.5 million, or could be rented for $2,700 to $115,000 a month. The least expensive started shipping in 1965, with higher-end ones being delivered in 1966.
Despite the high price, there was much excitement. "More than 100,000 businessmen in 165 American cities today attended meetings at which System/360 was announced," IBM said at the time. Company President Thomas J. Watson Jr. called the System/360 IBM's most important product announcement ever and said it "represents a sharp departure from concepts of the past in designing and building computers." The initial announcement didn't actually call it a "mainframe," a word IBM wouldn't embrace for many years.
IBM received more than 1,000 orders in the month after the announcement and another 1,000 over the ensuing four months. The specs were impressive for the time. "Introduction of the 8-bit byte, over the prevalent 6-bit standard, made it easier to handle both business information processing and scientific data processing," an IBM retrospective says. "The six models announced in April of 1964 had a performance range of roughly 25-to-1, with the largest model being about 25 times more powerful than the smallest. The smallest model could perform 33,000 additions per second; the largest more than 750,000 additions per second."
System/360 machines were crucial for NASA's Apollo missions. "Apollo flights had so much information to relay, that their computers had to report in an electronic form of shorthand," IBM says. "Even in shorthand, however, it took a circuit capable of transmitting a novel a minute to get the information to NASA's Manned Spacecraft Center—now the Johnson Space Center—in Houston, Texas. Receiving this enormous amount of data was a powerful IBM computer whose sole task was to translate the shorthand into meaningful information for Apollo flight controllers. The IBM System/360 computer absorbed, translated, calculated, evaluated, and relayed this information for display. It was one of five System/360 machines used by NASA for the Apollo 11 mission. The same System/360 computer that processed the data for the first lunar landing from 240,000 miles away in Houston also calculated the liftoff data needed by astronauts Neil Armstrong and Edwin 'Buzz' Aldrin to rendezvous back with the command module piloted by Michael Collins for the flight back to Earth."
System/370 started to replace System/360 in the early 1970s as IBM continued to dominate the computing market. Even today, IBM mainframes are big business, raking in $1.1 billion in revenue in the most recent quarter.
Modern IBM mainframes go by the name System z, which maintains compatibility all the way back to System/360. "The need to support applications of varying ages imposes a strict compatibility demand on mainframe hardware and software, which have been upgraded many times since the first System/360 mainframe computer," IBM says. "Applications must continue to work properly. Thus, much of the design work for new hardware and system software revolves around this compatibility requirement."
The result is that "Programs for the original System/360s can still run, sometimes with only slight modification, on IBM mainframes today," IDG News Service reporter Joab Jackson noted. While complete compatibility over many decades and system changes isn't possible, IBM tries to give users at least a year's warning before they'd need to make software changes.
Here are some pictures to help you celebrate System/360's birthday:
Phnom Penh, Cambodia - Nearly three months after the Cambodian government let slip that it had been approached by Australia to house refugees, Australian authorities have remained silent on the cost, scope, and timeline - with even members of the government saying they have yet to receive any information.
Late last month, Cambodia announced it had agreed "in principle" to Australia's request - which came during a February meeting between the foreign ministers of both countries.
"In principle, yes, [we have agreed]," Cambodian Foreign Ministry spokesman Koy Kuong confirmed this week. "But we are still studying."
While it has been rumoured that Australia will pay Cambodia $40m to house anywhere from 100 to 1,200 refugees, Kuong said he had no details on the scheme. It is almost certain to come with a hefty price tag. Australia's asylum seeker detention centres on Nauruand Papua New Guinea cost more than $1bn last year alone, according to an Amnesty International report released in December 2013.
It is unfortunate that, instead of playing a leading role in a genuine regional solution, Australia is looking to one of the poorest countries in our region to be its next refugee dumping ground. - Senator Sarah Hanson-Young
In the latest Australian budget released Tuesday, the Customs and Border Protection Service is projected to grow from $28m in 2013-14 to $85m two years later.
Asked whether a price had been set, spokeswoman Kerri Griffiths for the minister for Immigration and Border Protection declined to comment on specifics.
"Australia has no further update on the status of our discussions with Cambodia than what was provided by the minister after his recent visit to Phnom Penh," she said. "The government is continuing its discussions on these issues and welcomes the receptive and positive response from Cambodia that has been provided to date."
'Refugee dumping ground'
The Australian Embassy in Cambodia referred questions to the Department of Foreign Affairs - which referred questions back to the Department of Immigration and Border Protection.
Minister Scott Morrison's office also declined to answer questions concerning the number of refugees involved, the timeline of the plan, or address criticism directed at the proposal.
Senator Sarah Hanson-Young, immigration spokeswoman for Australia's Greens party, said the lack of transparency was troubling.
"The Australian government is being very secretive about the deal, but we know from previous experience that the safety and welfare of refugees will not be a priority," she wrote in an email Monday.
"It is unfortunate that, instead of playing a leading role in a genuine regional solution, Australia is looking to one of the poorest countries in our region to be its next refugee dumping ground."
Numerous rights groups as well as UN officials have accused Australia of breaching international conventions as the wealthy nation increasingly seeks to outsource detention centres and refugee resettlement to some of the world's poorest and most corrupt countries.
Asylum seekers turned back by Australia sit in an immigration holding area [Reuters]
In February, just days before Australia approached Cambodia, one asylum seeker was killed after riots broke out at the Manus Island detention centre. In footage of the riot, Papua New Guinean guards can be seen beating men who are not fighting back and firing weapons into crowds of unarmed asylum seekers.
"The Australian government has breached its legal responsibility towards refugees and committed grave ethical blunders in its application of offshore processing procedures," the Jesuit Refugee Center said in a statement last week, which accused the country of undermining the UN's refugee framework.
Joyce Chia, a senior research associate at the Andrew and Renata Kaldor Centre for International Refugee Law, agreed. Not only has the Australian government breached international conventions, but its actions are actively undermining rule of law in other countries, she told Al Jazeera.
"We've seen the judiciary diminished [in Papua New Guinea and Nauru] as a direct result…The impact will certainly be one of eroding human rights and rule of law more generally. It's a very detrimental impact, they should be encouraging these nations to improve human rights," said Chia.
Cashing in on desperation
For a country such as Cambodia, which has been roundly criticised for its human rightsrecord, a fresh influx of cash to do Australia's dirty work appears a mind-boggling appropriation of foreign aid.
It's a flawed policy, Cambodia is a very poor country. The conditions in Cambodia are not suitable for any type of long-term resettlement. - Joyce Chia, Andrew and Renata Kaldor Centre for International Refugee Law
"It's a flawed policy, Cambodia is a very poor country. The conditions in Cambodia are not suitable for any type of long-term resettlement," said Chia. "But it's more concerning what Australia's impact on the region is. It appears we are using our muscle … and as a large financial contributor of aid [that seems to be the carrot], it's a clear exchange."
Cambodia's refugee dealings have come under fire in the past. In 2009, 20 Uighur asylum seekers were shipped back to almost certain imprisonment or death; two days later, China awarded Cambodia with $1.2bn in aid. Previously, Motagnards fleeing persecution in Vietnam have also been sent back.
Currently, there are fewer than 70 refugees in Cambodia and only 18 asylum seekers, according to UNHCR statistics. Processing can take years, and in an extremely poor country, social services are nil. There are no translators, no legal aid, no housing, no schooling, no job placement - let alone integration assistance - provided by the government to refugees.
But Australia has made it clear that desperation or need alone "is not a ticket to a first-class economy", as Minister Morrison put it last month.
These days, when you click on the refugee section of the Department of Immigration and Border Protection website, the first words that pop up are these: "No way. They will not make Australia home."
Two weeks ago, things didn't look so great for Google Fiber, but after a last-minute push, 180 out of the 202 ‘fiberhoods' in Kansas City, Kansas and Kansas City, Missouri managed to reach Google's goals for getting the company's TV service and gigabit fiber-optic Internet connection installed in their neighborhoods.
To get Google Fiber installed, every neighborhood had to reach a pre-determined goal. Typically, Google required that somewhere between 5% and 25% of all households put down the $10 pre-registration fee to signal their interest in the service. All of the neighborhoods that reached their goals will get Google Fiber installed in their area. The order in which Google will install its fiber-optic lines will be determined by percentage of households that signed up for the service in each neighborhood (though no matter the number of votes, neighborhoods in Kansas City, Kansas will get connected first, as Google originally only planned to install Fiber in Kansas before expanding the program to Missouri).
For households that signed up in this first ‘fiber rally,' Google will waive the $300 installation fee. Prices for Google Fiber will start at $70 for an Internet-only package and $120 for the package that also includes TV services. Households that don't want the high-speed service can also opt to pay the $300 installation fee (either as a lump sum or in $25 installments) and will receive free (but slower) Internet service.
About two weeks ago, only half of the ‘fiberhoods' had reached their goals, but starting yesterday, the last-minute influx of pre-registration started in earnest. By noon yesterday, 142 fiberhoods had reached their goal and the number quickly grew over the course of the last 36 hours.
About a week ago, Google adjusted some of its goals based on a recount of households in a number of fiberhoods. This recount brought 73 neighborhoods closer to reaching their goals.
Overall, only one fiberhood, Sheffield West in Kansas, MO, did not get a single sign-up.
Image credit: Google Fiber
Dembele has now scored six goals in his last five games, and 10 this season
Moussa Dembele's brace helped Celtic thrash Kilmarnock to extend their Premiership lead to five points.
Killie striker Souleymane Coulibaly opened the scoring with a sensational 35-yard strike from the left touchline.
But Dembele side-footed home Mikael Lustig's pass and then swept in Kieran Tierney's cut-back in short order.
James Forrest slotted the third, Leigh Griffiths claimed the fourth, Scott Sinclair dispatched a penalty before Tom Rogic added a sixth late on.
Coulibaly stuns Celtic
Celtic were camped in the Killie half before Coulibaly suckered them.
The Ivorian striker tried his luck from about 35 yards out, his ambitious effort arcing over Dorus De Vries' head and into the back of his net.
Kilmarnock celebrate Souleymane Coulibaly's wonder strike - a contender for goal of the season?
Credit Coulibaly for having the vision to try it and the accuracy to pull it off - some of his goals this season have been truly wonderful - but De Vries was desperately slack.
The Dutchman was replaced at the break, Craig Gordon coming on.
A chest injury did for De Vries, but his reputation as a goalkeeper of substance took another hit here.
Dembele steps up - again
Media playback is not supported on this device Highlights: Celtic 6-1 Kilmarnock
Celtic's response to Coulibaly's opener was thunderous. Six more goals to add to the goal mountain they are constructing in domestic football this season.
Where previously Killie were denying them by throwing their bodies in front of every shot, Celtic soon became lethal.
Three minutes after Coulibaly's goal, Lustig found Dembele, who slid home the equaliser. Three minutes after that, Kieran Tierney provided the assist, Dembele rifling a left-foot shot high beyond Jamie MacDonald.
That was Dembele's 10th goal of the season in what was only his seventh start, and his sixth goal in his last five games.
The question for Brendan Rodgers now is who starts against Manchester City in the Champions League on Wednesday - the free-scoring youngster or the previous go-to man, Leigh Griffiths, who returned from injury here as a second-half substitute for Dembele.
Brendam Rodgers has selection questions up front and at goalkeeper after Dorus de Vries was beaten by Souleymane Coulibaly's strike
Celtic turn on after-burners
Killie were toiling at 3-1 after James Forrest strolled in to score the third from close range early in the second half.
They could have done without the sight of Griffiths coming on as a substitute. He looked sharp and hungry and within a few minutes of appearing, he popped up to flick on Jozo Simunovic's header to score his eighth of the season.
The fifth came soon enough. Griffiths was tripped in the box by Greg Taylor and the striker generously handed the ball to Sinclair to put away his sixth goal in six straight league matches.
What a devastating impact Sinclair has had in his early months in Scotland.
There was a sixth, a dribbler from Rogic that eluded MacDonald.
By then, Coulibaly's wonder strike seemed like a distant memory. It was blown into irrelevance by another unrelenting Celtic league performance.
Today is Sept. 16, which means we are exactly three months away from the theatrical debut of Star Wars: The Force Awakens. That's 91 days, or 90 if you want to count the midnight preview screenings, before the film opens in France, Italy, and elsewhere. It opens in the U.K. on Dec. 17 and then in America on the 18th. So with the final round of marketing about to begin in earnest, now is as good a time as any to discuss the film's box office fate. I am going to be honest with you: I don't know how well the J.J. Abrams sequel will do in domestic or worldwide box office. I don't know exactly how big its opening weekend will be, or whether it will break any short- or long-term records. I have my hunches, but I find myself divided into three schools of thought.
Of course, at least some of this will depend on how good the movie turns out to be. So for the purposes of this three-part conversation, let's presume that it is at least as good as Jurassic World. By that I mean it may get mixed reviews and some die-hard fans may complain, but on the whole the film works as big-scale, IMAX-friendly popcorn entertainment that pleases the masses and leaves general audiences relatively satisfied. So with that pretty big presumption, let's come at it from three points of views -- that of the optimist, the pessimist, and the realist. Today we get the pessimist's point of view.
You'll Find My Lack Of Faith Disturbing:
Look, all of the online film nerds love Star Wars and if The Force Awakens is any good they will flock to see it any number of times. But let's be honest, these are the same generations of kids (or adults) that also flocked to Star Wars Episode One: The Phantom Menace back in 1999. Sure, the film didn't quite work as well as we hoped, but by golly it was new Star Wars and there wasn't anything close to that scale offered for the rest of the summer. But the notion of a new Star Wars film in theaters ten years after Revenge of the Sith is a lot less potent than the notion of a new Star Wars film 16 years after Return of the Jedi. When George Lucas brought Star Wars back, it was basically the only game in town. Now it is merely among a number of big-budget fantasy franchises.
A comparison point is The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey, which opened with $84 million in December back in 2012. It too was the much-hyped return of a beloved franchise, in this case nine years after its natural end as well. It earned mixed reviews, but it still pulled in $300 million domestic and $1 billion worldwide while kicking off a successful new trilogy. But The Hobbit is a lot less anticipated than The Force Awakens among geek circles. Kids don't have new Middle Earth cartoons to indoctrinate them into the world, and the merchandise sales for Frodo and Gandalf action figures have been but a drop in the bucket compared to Star Wars stuff. Star Wars is a much bigger deal than The Hobbit, of that much I am sure. So obviously The Force Awakens is probably going to set a record for a December opening weekend. But by how much?
The pessimist says that mid-December will still have kids in school, college kids prepping for finals, and adults busy finishing up Christmas shopping. And even adjusted for inflation only Return of the King has ever topped a $100m opening in December ($73m in 2D back in 2003). So let's say The Force Awakens, which will of course have 3D, IMAX, and PLF bumps and a relatively empty December thus far, opens to a record-smashing $115-$125 million. That would be a massive increase over the old record and by far the most tickets sold for a December debut. But what then? Well, the good news is that December releases tend to have insane legs thanks to two weeks of Christmas and New Year's holidays which turns every weekday into a glorified weekend. The bad news is that not every movie gets "magic legs" off of the holidays. Let's say that as good as the movie is, it doesn't really play that hard beyond the hardcore fanbase and that the general audiences merely see it once or twice and then move on.
The Christmas weekend has a ton of new releases such as Concussion and Alvin and the Chipmunks 4, and January starts with a bang right away (The Hateful Eight, 13 Hours, Ride Along 2, Kung Fu Panda 3, etc.) as well. Let's say the movie comes out and doesn't change the world. It's splashy, it's fun, the music gives everyone goosebumps, and everybody agrees that a good time was had. But its multiplier ends up looking a lot less like Fellowship of the Ring ($314 million off a $69m Wed-Sun debut) and more like Return of the King or the last three Hobbit movies. The film snags a fine 3.5x multiplier and gets to $405-$440 million domestic.
Now that's still one of the biggest movies of the year and one of the ten biggest domestic grossers of all time. And while worldwide business is solid, the overseas market doesn't go nuts for Star Wars the way we do because to them it's just another sci-fi franchise, one that's technically a sequel to a franchise from 35-40 years ago. Instead of playing like the easily accessible Jurassic World (which requires zero knowledge of any other Jurassic Park movies), it plays instead like well, The Hobbit parts 1, 2, and 3. It still pulls in a solid $650-750 million overseas, which gives it a total of around $1.1-1.2 billion. That's a huge hit by any rational standard. But will it be enough to satisfy those who would like nothing more than to scream that Star Wars is a flop and that Disney's new golden child is doomed?
Look at all the insanity that went down this summer after Avengers: Age of Ultron "only" earned $1.4 billion worldwide and "only" earned $457 million domestic. Because I'm playing the pessimist here, the media will be out for blood decrying the utter failure of the new Star Wars film and questioning the wisdom of Walt Disney investing so much in the franchise when the first film could only barely top Minions. None of this will matter if A) the movie is good enough to keep those who showed up interested in a few more and B) if this "sky is falling" talk doesn't actually hurt Disney stock over the short term.
But yes, if I were playing "plausible worst-case scenario," I would foresee a situation where Star Wars: The Force Awakens plays not like a supercharged The Fellowship of the Ring but as a somewhat supercharged The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. The fans will show up, and huge swaths of the general population and casual fans will show up, but it just won't be as much of a cultural event here and elsewhere as it's being painted in the media. And while I don't remotely foresee a scenario where it plays as low as The Amazing Spider-Man ($750m worldwide), nor should we get up in arms if the film fails to top $1 billion worldwide.
And that's a wrap for the pessimistic prediction for Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Join me tomorrow, which will be three months out before the film's debut in the UK, for the "optimistic" box office prediction. It will probably be a little shorter because there won't be quite as many qualifiers. And Friday will bring us the "realistic" prediction for the film.
And for the record, all of this is purely educated guesstimation and for entertainment purposes only. If I see any headlines trumpeting "Forbes predicts disaster for Star Wars" or any such nonsense, I'm going to be very grumpy. Unless it boosts my traffic, in which case, water under the bridge.
Also on Forbes:
By Roberta Rampton and Jeff Mason
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama and leaders of five Nordic nations presented a united front against Russia on Friday, expressing concern about Moscow's military buildup in the Baltics and calling for sanctions against Russia to continue.
The leaders of Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Norway and Iceland gathered at the White House for talks that focused on Russia and the crisis in Syria and Iraq that has sparked a flood of migrants to Europe.
Russia's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014 alarmed its Nordic and Baltic neighbors. With the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) considering ways to try to deter further Russian aggression, the White House wants to show support for its northern European allies.
Obama said the six countries were united in their concern about Russia's "aggressive military presence" in the Baltic and Nordic regions. The Baltic countries are Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
Last month, a Russian jet fighter intercepted a U.S. Air Force reconnaissance plane flying a routine route over the Baltic Sea, and two Russian jets buzzed a U.S. guided missile destroyer in the sea.
NATO is planning its biggest build-up in eastern Europe since the Cold War to counter what the alliance considers to be a more aggressive Russia. Sweden and Finland are not NATO members.
"We will be maintaining ongoing dialogue and seek cooperation with Russia, but we also want to make sure that we are prepared and strong, and we want to encourage Russia to keep its military activities in full compliance with international obligations," Obama said after meeting with the leaders.
The president is limited by the political calendar in what he can promise, given that his second and final term ends next year on Jan. 20. Americans are set to hold presidential elections on Nov. 8.
The visit will culminate in a star-studded state dinner in a tent with a transparent ceiling, with lighting, flowers and ice sculptures evoking the northern lights.
Pop star Demi Lovato, known for her support of liberal causes, will perform after guests enjoy a main course of ahi tuna, tomato tartare, and red wine braised beef short ribs.
Obama lauded the humanitarian and environmental accomplishments of his guest nations, which have been key supporters of an international deal to curb climate change that the White House sees as a key part of Obama's legacy.
"There have been times where I've said, why don't we just put all these small countries in charge for a while? And they could clean things up," Obama said.
(Reporting by Roberta Rampton and Jeff Mason in Washington; Additional reporting by Timothy Gardner; Editing by Richard Chang)
Harvey Weinstein attempted to offer Myleene Klass a sex contract in a bid to bed and silence her, a friend claimed. (The Sun)
The Sun reported:
Film producer Harvey Weinstein propositioned the TV presenter with a ‘confidentiality agreement' in a bid to bed and silence her.
SHAMED movie mogul Harvey Weinstein propositioned Myleene Klass with a sex contract, The Sun can reveal.
The disgusted TV presenter, then 32, immediately declined the offer, telling Weinstein to “f*** off” during a film festival lunch at Cannes in 2010…
…The married movie mogul assumed the TV presenter would sleep with him — and wanted to silence her with a “confidentiality agreement”.
Instead Myleene fled their lunch meeting at a restaurant in Cannes feeling “disgusted and angry”…
…Speaking about the incident later that year, she recalled: “About six months ago, a newly married Hollywood star asked me to sign some kind of sex contract with him. I just thought, ‘Mate, which planet are you from?'
“I met him a few times and when I went to interview him it was like something out of a film We were having lunch and as the starter arrived he launched into it.
“I was like, ‘Bugger, I've got main and ­dessert to go – I'm stuck here'.
“Then his PA came over with a confidentiality contract. I just thought, ‘Oh my God, your poor wife.' I don't want to be a marriage-wrecker.”
Marriage is about compromise. It is about doing something for the other person even when you may not want to.
Even though we've seen sports-theme weddings across the world, it is rare that a helmet in worn during the ceremony. Over the weekend, a Dolphins fan from England got permission from his wife-to-be to wear the helmet of his favorite football team during their wedding.
You know you have found the one when she buys you a @MiamiDolphins helmet to wear at your wedding so you match your cake topper. pic.twitter.com/9iP7ZhVAhx — Lee (@LeeToplanding) June 25, 2017
“You know you have found the one when she buys you a @MiamiDolphins helmet to wear at your wedding so you match your cake topper,” the man who goes by Lee Toplanding on Twitter said.
Who needs a reason. This is what we have for our wedding cake pic.twitter.com/W8ShrmFGVn — Lee (@LeeToplanding) June 16, 2017
The cake topper Lee Toplander talked about is above. It features a groom with a large Dolphins helmet facing his bride as they're set to get married.
Lee Toplander is a Dolphins super fan, but it appears that happened on accident. He was on his way to watch the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, but he got some unfortunate news before his flight was set to take off.
“I started watching football and was heading out to see the Buccaneers play in Tampa because who doesn't love football,” Toplander said. “But I got a call saying the flight was full and they had overbooked but I could be transferred to Miami on a flight. I looked it up, and the Dolphins were playing the Falcons, so me and my dad went,” he wrote. “Been each year since and with a game pass never miss a game. Dolphins-themed wedding coming up.”
If Toplander's wife isn't a football fan, maybe he has begun the process of turning her into a Dolphin fan.
Karen asks: Why is pencil lead called lead when it doesn't contain any?
In the 16th century, a large deposit of pure, solid graphite was discovered in Borrowdale, England. This was the first time in recorded history that high quality, solid graphite had been found. When metallurgists first encountered this substance, they thought it was some sort of black lead, rather than a form of carbon. Thus, they called it “plumbago”, which is derived from “plumbum”, which is Latin for “lead”.
It didn't take people long to realize that solid sticks of high quality graphite were good for marking things. At that point, this newly discovered substance from the mines of Borrowdale became extremely valuable. So much so that guards were eventually posted at the entrance to the mine and laws were passed to stop people from stealing the solid graphite. In addition, once a sufficient stock of the graphite was mined, the mine itself would be flooded until more graphite was needed.
Of course, sticks of pure graphite are fairly brittle, so people started embedding them in various things such as hollowed out pieces of wood and also simply wrapped tightly in sheep skin. Thus, the pencil was officially born with a core of solid graphite, which was known then as black lead. The tradition of calling sticks of graphite “lead” has endured to this day.
If you liked this article, you might also enjoy our new popular podcast, The BrainFood Show (iTunes, Spotify, Google Play Music, Feed), as well as:
Bonus Facts:
English speakers aren't the only ones who still follow this misnomer. The German word for “pencil” is actually “bleistifit”, which literally means “lead stick”.
There was a form of writing instrument before the pencil called a stylus that sometimes was made of lead. The stylus was a thin rod used originally by the Ancient Romans, and later by many others, for writing without ink. The stylus was made with a very sharp point and could be used to write on wax tablets. This was also a reusable form of writing in two ways. First, each stylus generally had a blunt end for rubbing out some bit of writing on the wax. Second, the entire wax tabled could be “erased” by simply warming up the wax sufficiently until the writing disappeared. This stylus, which were occasionally made of lead due to its cheapness and how easy it is to work with, are sometimes said to be why we call pencil cores lead. In fact, though, it is as stated above- simply that people mistook graphite for a form of lead.
There was a form of writing instrument before the pencil called a stylus that sometimes was made of lead. The stylus was a thin rod used originally by the Ancient Romans, and later by many others, for writing without ink. The stylus was made with a very sharp point and could be used to write on wax tablets. This was also a reusable form of writing in two ways. First, each stylus generally had a blunt end for rubbing out some bit of writing on the wax. Second, the entire wax tabled could be “erased” by simply warming up the wax sufficiently until the writing disappeared. This stylus, which were occasionally made of lead due to its cheapness and how easy it is to work with, are sometimes said to be why we call pencil cores lead. In fact, though, it is as stated above- simply that people mistook graphite for a form of lead. “Pencil” comes from the Latin “pencillus”, meaning “little tail”.
Graphite deposits have been found elsewhere, but nothing close to the purity and quality of the English find. Due to the impurities in these other deposits, the graphite from these must be crushed into a powder to filter out the unwanted bits. Eventually, a method was found to use this powder in pencil form, by using clay as a binding agent. But before then, England had a monopoly on the world's pencil supplies because only their graphite deposit could be cut and made into high quality pencil form, without any other processing needed.
The method for being able to use graphite powder for use in pencils was independently discovered by both Frenchman Nicholas Jacques Conté, in 1795, and Austrian Joseph Hardtmuth, around 1790. During the Napoleonic Wars, France wasn't able to import pencils from Great Britain, which had the only supply of pure solid graphite in the world. Nicholas Jacques Conté, who was an officer in the army, discovered that if you mix the graphite powder with clay, you can then form this mixture into sticks and fire this substance in a kiln. You also can vary the clay/graphite ratio to achieve different levels of hardness and darkness. This is more or less exactly how pencil cores are made to this day.
Conté was also the one that came up with the system to use numbers to signify the grade of the pencil, in terms of the hardness/darkness of the core. This system was later adopted in the United States and is known as the Conté/Thoreau system (John Thoreau being the one who helped introduce it to the U.S.). This system, translated to the European system, is as follows: #1 = B; #2 = HB; #2.5 = F; #3 = H; #4 = 2H.
In the European system, B stands for “Black” and “H” stands for “Hard”. The more B's, the softer the lead and darker. The more H's, the harder and lighter the lead.
The tradition to paint pencils yellow was started in 1890 by the L. & C. Hardtmuth Company of Austria-Hungary. In 1890, they introduced the Koh-I-Noor brand of pencil, which was a top-tier pencil. The name itself was after the famed diamond. This pencil was extremely popular, due to its high quality. Thus, many other manufacturers copied the color to make their pencils look like Koh-I-Noor brand pencils. Today, yellow is the most popular outer pencil color in the United States and various other countries. However, in Germany and Brazil, green is the most popular color. In Australia and India, red with black bands at one end wins out.
A certain type of lead (tetraethyl lead) was once commonly used in gasoline in order to reduce engine knocking (For more on this, see: Why Was Lead Added to Gasoline). However, this had the negative side effect of releasing massive amounts of lead into the air, which is of course toxic to humans and to the environment in general. So “Regular” gasoline has been phased out in most of the world in favor of “Unleaded”.
Expand for References:
BERKELEY — They wear black pants and sweatshirts, with either helmets or hoods over their heads, bandanas across their faces — and dark sunglasses, goggles or gas masks over their eyes. Many carry makeshift shields and flags, whose staffs can quickly become weapons.
They call themselves “antifa,” short for anti-fascist, and they're part of a loosely organized national network of anonymous anarchists. The movement during much of this decade has been a common sight at Bay Area protests spurred by police shootings, the Occupy Wall Street movement and Donald Trump's election as president.
But in the three weeks since these shadowy activists forcefully confronted neo-Nazis and white supremacists at a rally in Charlottesville, Virginia — where one counterprotester was killed, allegedly by a white supremacist — antifa has suddenly become a household word. Its members are the target of fierce anger on the political right whose members believe antifa's penchant for violence is being excused while far-right mayhem is condemned. It's also created a fiery debate among protest leaders on the left.
Some politicians and experts see antifa as vigilantes or even terrorists. Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguín last week suggested that they should be classified as a criminal street gang.
Like our Facebook page for more conversation and news coverage from the Bay Area and beyond.
“It's glorified mob violence tied to an ideology,” Brian Levin, a criminology professor at Cal State San Bernardino who studies hate groups, said of antifa's tactics.
The vast majority of the 4,000-some protesters who descended on Berkeley's Civic Center Park last Sunday to demonstrate against a small group of Trump supporters were perfectly peaceful, but some of the 100 to 200 black-clad antifa there ganged up on the Trump fans, punching and kicking them.
Other antifa carried colorful shields painted with the words “no hate” to build a “barrier” that antifa claim is needed to protect anti-racist protesters from the police and right-wingers.Thirteen people were arrested at the Berkeley protests, and two were sent to the hospital.
Antifa members have been reluctant to talk to the media, but one member active in the Bay Area movement who was at the Berkeley protests spoke to this news organization on the condition that neither their name nor gender be disclosed.
The activist said antifa take to the streets “out of love,” keeping nonviolent protesters safe from right-wing activists and the police.
The group operates in small cells, the activist said. A few people might work together to plan a protest at far-right events, and members also monitor message boards and social media of members of organized far-right groups like the Proud Boys, Patriot Prayer and Oath Keepers, the activist said. Antifa's members communicate over encrypted messaging apps like Signal.
Violence is justified, the Bay Area antifa member said, because the far right is attempting to create a fascist state.
“If the police try to attack protesters, antifa gives other people space to stay safe,” the member said, adding that even the threat of violence can be enough to dissuade right-wingers from attacking counterprotesters. “If you have a cocked fist, you don't have to throw it,” the activist said, quoting Malcolm X.
The activist said antifa members don't see a difference between neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan and Trump supporters because the latter enable white nationalists and far-right activists. Those groups, the antifa member argued, “need to be answered in terms they can understand.”
Today's antifa can be traced back to punk activists of the Anti-Racist Action movement in the 1980s and is modeled after earlier anti-fascist groups in Europe, according to Mark Bray, a lecturer at Dartmouth University who recently published a book on the movement, “Antifa: The Anti-Fascist Handbook.”
Members of Black Bloc — another term for the anarchist activists who make up antifa — have gone to battle over the issues of the day, from environmental issues to the economic inequity that sparked the Occupy movement, particularly in Oakland, Bray said.
Get top headlines in your inbox every afternoon.
Sign up for the free PM Report newsletter.
“What really brought it back in a sense and into view for the first time was the exposure that the alt-right received through the Trump campaign,” Bray said. Specifically, he said, it was the protests surrounding Trump supporter and right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos' visit to Berkeley in February that put antifa “on the national stage and made it something that people tried to understand.” Yiannopoulos' speech was canceled as antifa violence spread across the city.
Yiannopoulos is scheduled to return to Berkeley later this month with right-wing commentator Ann Coulter and, reportedly, former Trump adviser Steve Bannon. Antifa is intent on shutting down that event.
Bray said members as a general principle operate only alongside people they know and trust, which gives them more cover if criminal acts are involved. But, he said, most preparation for protests is done behind the scenes when antifa members research right-wing groups.
“In some ways it's like being a private investigator,” said Bray, who interviewed about 60 members for his book. Many view the work as a “second job,” he said.“It's not something people enter into lightly, and that's why it takes the form it does.”
Those on the receiving end see antifa differently.
Arthur Schaper, a Trump supporter from Torrance, said he was attacked by antifa activists during last week's Berkeley protest. He said several masked antifa members cornered him, broke his glasses, stole his red Make America Great Again hat, ripped a Trump flag off of his shoulders, pepper sprayed him and covered him with glitter.
“These are a bunch of spoiled, entitled kids who just want to rage against something,” Schaper said. “They're evil thugs. They're not social justice warriors. There is nothing just about them.”
Schaper has a reputation for interrupting town hall meetings of Southern California Democrats and is involved with an anti-LGBT organization that the Southern Poverty Law Center has classified as a hate group, but he said he opposes white nationalism and that the violence at the Berkeley rally was unprovoked.
“I couldn't believe this was happening to me,” said Schaper, who spent hours Sunday arguing with counterprotesters.
Many local politicians are also fed up with antifa. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-San Francisco, released a statement last week denouncing the group. “The violent actions of people calling themselves antifa in Berkeley this weekend deserves unequivocal condemnation, and the perpetrators should be arrested and prosecuted,” she said.
Politico reported Friday that the FBI has been warning states and cities since early last year that antifa has become “increasingly confrontational and dangerous,” and the Department of Homeland Security has classified its violence as “domestic terrorist violence.”
The organization has provoked intense debate on the left. Some activists argue that antifa is distracting from the larger message they're trying to send: condemnation of racism and the Trump administration. Others believe antifa has an important role to play defending protesters from attacks by right-wingers.
Mansour Id-Deen, the president of the Berkeley chapter of the NAACP, said antifa's actions in Berkeley were “counter-productive.”
“The violence never works,” he said. “It gives the other group — white supremacists, Nazis, whatever they call themselves — a national platform and raises their profile higher than it should be.”
Stay up to date on breaking news with our mobile app from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store.
On Fox News and other conservative media, some of the Trump supporters who got beat up by antifa have found themselves transformed from political nobodies to heroes of the right.
Other local protest leaders say antifa isn't a serious problem. Michael McBride, pastor at The Way Christian Center in West Berkeley, who helped organize Sunday's protests, said antifa helped protect protesters.
“I know they joined our march and protests and were very deferential to our leadership as they followed us down the street,” McBride said at a news conference last Monday.
Oakland lawyer and former mayoral candidate Dan Siegel, who helped organize the Berkeley protests and is now defending a former community college professor accused of hitting a right-wing protester with a bicycle lock at an April protest, said right-wingers antagonized protesters by making racist comments and jeers.
Violence is a legitimate response to neo-Nazi ideology, he said. “As a Jew, an untold number of my family were liquidated by these Nazis,” Siegel said. “How can you look at these people who think that Nazism and fascism are fine and hear them talking about liquidating Jews and African-Americans? These are people who want to kill us.”
The bottom line, said the Bay Area antifa member, is that not just Nazis should be worried about antifa, but also “Nazi sympathizers.”
His definition of a Nazi sympathizer: “anyone who feels bad when a Nazi gets beaten up.”
Chase Jarvis: Education Must Be Disrupted
November 7, 2013
CreativeLive co-founder and CEO Chase Jarvis recently appeared on a panel of thought leaders to discuss “Disruptive Classrooms” at Bloomberg's Next Big Thing event in New York City. “I believe learning is at an all-time high and education is at an all-time low,” Chase asserted in front of a handful of his peers in the learning space: David Liu, COO of Knewton; Alicia Levi, Managing Director for PBS Media; and Stephen Sawd, CEO and President, Rosetta Stone.
Chase's bold point: Our education system is inherently flawed because it values testing and “laddering up” over learning. Instead of looking at education as a means for getting to the next level, Chase says, we need to provide education that empowers students to chart their own path. “Creativity is the new literacy,” Chase said, reiterating his powerful call-to-arms. “Creativity is more than art; it's the access to human creative potential, which solves all problems.”
That's where CreativeLive comes in. “Your parents had 1 job, we will have 5 jobs in our lifetime, and our kids will have 5 at the same time,” Chase explained, as evidence of the rapidly shifting professional landscape. Tests and college degrees are no longer the stamps of approval they once were. “[Students are] living this narrative, which is a completely false narrative, which is if you get good grades and go to college you'll leave and have a great job,” Chase warned.
And yet, Chase is emphatically optimistic about the fact that we are building a new world order. “This is the brightest time in the history of education, because there's so much opportunity,” Chase emphasized. “It is the largest industry in the world that has not been disrupted.”
By Maggie Ayre
Producer, Costing The Earth
A study details plastic litter polluting the marine environment
They report that small plastic pellets called "mermaids' tears", which are the result of industry and domestic waste, have spread across the world's seas.
The scientists had previously found the debris on UK beaches and in European waters; now they have replicated the finding on four continents.
Scientists are worried that these fragments can get into the food chain.
Plastic rubbish, from drinks bottles and fishing nets to the ubiquitous carrier bag, ends up in the world's oceans.
Sturdy and durable plastic does not bio-degrade, it only breaks down physically, and so persists in the environment for possibly hundreds of years.
Maybe in a different chemical environment, perhaps in the guts of organisms, those chemicals might be released
Richard Thompson
Some are the raw materials of the plastics industry spilled in transit from processing plants. Others are granules of domestic waste that have fragmented over the years.
Either way, mermaids' tears remain everywhere and are almost impossible to clean up.
Raw materials
Dr Richard Thompson at the University of Plymouth is leading research into what happens when plastic breaks down in seawater and what effect it is having on the marine environment.
He and his team set out to find out how small these fragments can get. So far they've identified plastic particles of around 20 microns - thinner than the diameter of a human hair.
In 2004 their groundbreaking study reported finding particles on beaches around the UK. Historical records of samples taken by ships plying routes between Britain and Iceland confirmed that the incidence of the particles had been increasing over the years.
Now the team has extended its sampling elsewhere in Europe, and to the Americas, Australia, Africa and Antarctica.
BBC correspondent Tom Heap holds examples of "mermaids' tears"
So plastic appears to be everywhere in our seas. The next task was to try and find out what kind of sea creatures might be consuming it and with what consequences.
Thompson and his team conducted experiments on three species of filter feeders in their laboratory. They looked at the barnacle, the lugworm and the common amphipod or sand-hopper, and found that all three readily ingested plastic as they fed along the seabed.
"These creatures are eaten by others along food chain," Dr Thompson explained. "It seems an inevitable consequence that it will pass along the food chain. There is the possibility that chemicals could be transferred from plastics to marine organisms."
Other contaminants
There are two ways in which this might happen. Firstly, the Plymouth scientists want to establish whether there is the potential for chemicals to leach out of degraded plastic over a larger area after the plastic has been ground down.
The second aspect of this research is focusing on what happens when plastic absorbs other contaminants.
So-called hydrophobic chemicals such as PCBs and other polymer additives accumulate on the surface of the sea and latch on to plastic debris.
"They can become magnified in concentration," said Richard Thompson, "and maybe in a different chemical environment, perhaps in the guts of organisms, those chemicals might be released."
Whether plastics present a toxic challenge to marine life and subsequently to humans is one of the biggest challenges facing marine scientists today.
The plastics industry's response is that much of the research is speculative at this stage, and that there is very little evidence that this transfer of chemicals is taking place in the wild.
It says it is doing its bit by replacing toxic materials used as stabilisers and flame retardants with less harmful substances.
Whatever the findings eventually show, there is little that can be done now to deal with the vast quantities of plastic already in our oceans. It will be there for decades to come.
Costing The Earth: Mermaids' Tears will be broadcast on Friday 8 December on BBC Radio 4 at 1500 GMT.
You can also listen online for 7 days after that at Radio 4's Listen again page.
Casablanca - The government sale of a parcel of state land to Ra­bat Governor Abdelouafi Laftit at a very low price has angered Moroccans, civil society activists and opposi­tion members who called for an in­vestigation into similar acquisitions made by civil servants.
According to the news website Lakome2, parcels of 3,000-5,000 sq. metres were sold to senior govern­ment officials and civil servants at low prices.
Lawmaker Mehdi Mezouari, from the leftist Socialist Union of Popular Forces (USFP), posted on Facebook notarial documents showing Laftit's acquisition in January of land in Ra­bat's upmarket area of Zaer Road. The 3,750 sq. metre parcel, which was owned by the government, was sold to Laftit for $36 per sq. me­tre but is estimated to be valued at $2,600-$3,125 per sq. metre.
“I'm asking the prime minister to give us more information on the is­sue and the government's responsi­bility in this abuse,” wrote Mezouari on Facebook.
Interior Minister Mohamed Has­sad and Minister of Economy and Finance Mohamed Boussaid issued a statement stating that “this land has been part of a residential devel­opment for government officials and civil servants” since late King Has­san II's era.
“The price of the plots of land is defined by a decree of the prime minister, dated December 26th, 1995,” said the statement.
They denounced what they called “a tendentious campaign led by a political party and media that favour it”, referring to Moroccan Prime Minister Abdelilah Benkirane's Jus­tice and Development Party (PJD), which leads the coalition govern­ment.
“It has become clear, if neces­sary, that it is a premature election campaign that seeks to reap skimpy electoral gains under the pretext of implementing the rules of good governance and avoid conflict be­tween personal interests and public responsibilities,” added the state­ment.
Independent news website Hes­press released documents reveal­ing that the two ministers acquired plots of 4,630 sq. metres and 3,181 sq. metres at $36 and $38 per sq. me­tre, respectively.
Benkirane reportedly asked par­ty's activists to “refrain from com­menting on the statement of the two ministers” in an unusual sign of re­straint.
Secretary-General of the Unified Socialist Party (PSU) Nabila Mounib told Lakome2 that this problem “is not new because Morocco adopts a patrimonial regime that relies on various benefits and privileges to reward people close to the authori­ties”.
The case sparked outrage among civil society activists and opposition members who called for an inquiry. Questions were raised about the timing of the leak just two months before legislative elections.
Secretary-General of the Moroc­can Liberal Party (PML) Mohammed Ziane told Article19.ma that the con­troversy was because “we are in an electoral period and we want to play democracy the French way without having the same political parties, institutions, values and political awareness.”
The election campaign is to offi­cially start September 24th and run until the eve of October 7th parlia­mentary elections.
Ziane called on all Moroccans to address requests to the government to benefit, in accordance with con­stitutional provisions, from parcels of land at a fair price to stop land speculation.
He also questioned Benkirane's si­lence on the matter. “What's the role of a head of government if he keeps quiet?” asked Ziane.
SAM FARMER / ON THE NFL Colts backup Hasselbeck sees the skill — and more — in Luck
Veteran quarterback knows the challenge of trying to keep pace mentally and physically with last year's No. 1 pick from Stanford.
Pep Hamilton is a offensive coordinator of the Colts, and had the same role at Stanford when Luck was there. So, from Hasselbeck's perspective, those two speak a foreign language, one that often sounds like a Dr. Seuss book.
"There's no doubt to me that Andrew's going to be one of the great players of all time," said Hasselbeck, who backed up Brett Favre in Green Bay and is the only quarterback to lead the Seattle Seahawks to the Super Bowl. "He's a great talent. He's driven. He gets it, unbelievably humble. He's not about the things that get guys in trouble."
His backup, veteran Matt Hasselbeck, has an inside perspective on Luck, and knows the challenge of attempting to keep pace both mentally and physically with last year's No. 1 pick from Stanford.
"It's like I'm learning French or Spanish," said Hasselbeck, 38, whose team plays host to the Seahawks on Sunday. "We've got all these words that rhyme, like 'cash' and 'trash,' 'curl' and 'swirl.' And Andrew will say, 'Just remember: On a curl and a swirl, you've got the same route by the running back.'
"I had this talk with his dad, Oliver, and he said, 'Thanks for mentoring our son,' or however he said it. I was like, 'Hey, you've got to know, I am wearing him out with questions.'"
Hasselbeck spent the past two seasons with Tennessee as a part-time starter and a mentor to young Jake Locker before becoming a free agent this off-season. Hasselbeck's agent asked him to rank his priorities, so they could find the proper fit in a new team.
"Starting was very important to me," he said. "But after the year we had last year [when the Titans finished 6-10], my No. 1 thing was I wanted to be on a team that was relevant in January. And if I was going to be backing up, I wanted to be backing up a very talented player."
So when the Colts came calling, Hasselbeck was ready to listen. Intellectually, it has been the most daunting challenge of his career.
"I sometimes wonder — and I've said this out loud to them — 'I'm struggling with this, I really am. I study so hard, and I still feel like I'm barely with this thing. So if you didn't sign me, who the heck were you going to sign?'
"I also joke with them, 'If anything ever happens to him, I just want you to know, we need to dumb this thing down.' It's so funny, because my whole career I've been begging for more and more, and now I'm just like, 'Can we just go out and play?'"
Hall of Fame quarterback John Elway, also a No. 1 pick from Stanford, frequently noted before the 2012 draft that Luck would call three plays in the huddle, and his teammates were expected to be up to speed.
"Well," Hasselbeck said, "now we're up to five plays."
Dr. Seuss would be proud.
Never surrender
Twenty-one times this season, teams that trailed in the fourth quarter have come back to win. That's tied for the second most in NFL history through four weeks, and two fewer than the record set in 2011.
Unbelievable U-turn
The Kansas City Chiefs join the 1980 Detroit Lions as the only teams to start 4-0 after finishing the previous season with at least 14 losses.
Also in Slate: Josh Levin analyzes how the Saints pulled off their Super Bowl victory.
Welcome to the annual Ad Report Card Super Bowl Special. Among the recurring advertising themes I noticed during the big game: animals hot-tubbing with sexy ladies, paunchy dudes wearing tighty-whities, defiant misogyny. Not being a huge fan of bestiality, hairy male thighs, or woman-hating, I must admit I was underwhelmed by this year's commercial crop.
First Quarter
It's one of the most enduring and most irritating Super Bowl traditions: Bud Light buys the first ad slot of the game and ruins it with a not-especially-funny joke. This year, the gag is that a guy has crafted his house out of full Bud Light cans. People begin ripping out the walls and fixtures in an effort to quench their thirst for watery lager. Is there a less exciting brand slogan right now than Bud Light's “Here We Go”? It sounds like a defeated office drone trudging back into his cubicle each morning—or bellying up to the bar each night for the familiar bottle of swill.
Snickers throws Betty White and Abe Vigoda into a sandlot football game. The message: When you're hungry, you play football like a withered octogenarian, and the solution is to wolf down a restorative Snickers bar. I'm not sure I buy the underlying argument (did I miss the sideline shots of Drew Brees licking nougat from his lips?), but the visual metaphor (frail old person morphing into hearty young person through the power of Snickers) was clear. And, yes, it's fun to watch Abe Vigoda take a crushing hit to his ribcage.
Focus on the Family airs its controversial pro-life Tim Tebow ad. But the ad's content is the opposite of controversial; it skips the details of his mother's placental abruption and decision not to have an abortion when she was pregnant with Tim. Big winner: the Tebow family. This is a Super Bowl ad in which the entirety of the message is that Tim Tebow's mommy loves him. It's sort of like when your mom bought that half-page spread in the program for your elementary school graduation—except this cost $2.5 million, reached a national audience, and was paid for by someone else. As for Focus on the Family, the group behind the spot: They tricked us. Their clever media strategy thrust Mrs. Tebow's story into the national conversation long before the ad aired. The spot itself turned out to be their post-game celebration. (See my Slate colleague Will Saletan's piece for a deeper take on the Tebow tale.)
Boost Mobile brings back the ‘85 Bears to perform a bloated, creaky Super Bowl Shuffle. This cellular phone service brand previously targeted teens and young adults. I have to assume—since most people under 25 weren't even alive for the original iteration of the Super Bowl Shuffle—this is an attempt to reach a broader demographic. I'm not sure what sort of cachet dorky 50-year-old dudes in nonlicensed, generic football outfits will bring. But the cringe-worthy spectacle held my attention long enough to make me aware of Boost Mobile's offer of $50 unlimited talk/text/Web, so I grudgingly deem it a success.
Secondary characters from The Simpsons star in a vaguely upbeat ad for Coke. Fiendish tycoon C. Montgomery Burns loses his fortune and his mansion but is consoled when Apu hands him a bottle of corn-syrupy sunshine. It was nice to see the Springfield gang's communitarian spirit, but I have to ask: Is America ready to feel sympathy for evil billionaires brought low? Anyone cares to offer Bernie Madoff a Coke and a smile? (I did find it interesting to learn that the Burns fortune totals only $3 billion. I'd always thought he was a Warren Buffet-level billionaire, not a Ross Perot-level billionaire.)
Bud Light makes an Auto-Tune/T-Pain joke. Note that Jay-Z released a single titled “Death of Auto-Tune” in the summer of 2009. And that I released my own single, titled “Death of Jokes About Auto-Tune,” a short time later.
Second Quarter
A promo for The Late Show With David Letterman finds the ornery talk-show host seated three-on-a-couch with Oprah and Jay Leno, enduring the “worst Super Bowl party ever.” Fascinating dynamics here. Whose idea was this? I assume Leno's motivation was to soften his image by showing he can take a joke. But why is Leno-hater Dave helping to resuscitate the battered image of his sworn enemy? Why is CBS promoting an NBC star? And is poor, forgotten Conan crying into his Super Bowl chili as he watches this chummy post-war rapprochement between talk-show survivors?
A pair of back-to-back ads inflict on us the sight of pudgy middle-aged people in underwear. First, a CareerBuilder.com spot is set at a company where “casual Fridays” have become a fleshy affair. (Note that The Office made this joke a while back, when office drunkard Meredith wore a casual Friday mini-dress cut simultaneously too low and too high.) Query: In this economy, would anyone really leave a job because of something as trivial as an eccentric workplace culture? I imagine a more fruitful market for CareerBuilder's services would be found among those who have no job to complain about. But perhaps the specter of unemployment is too depressing and scary to be raised in a Super Bowl ad.
Immediately following the CareerBuilder spot, Dockers shows us another pack of pasty thighs. Yes, I realize that lumpy guys in their skivvies are a comedy winner (every bit as can't-miss as talking babies, naughty animals, and pummeling blows to the groin—all of which appeared in this year's and last year's ads). But two such ads in a row is about 1.8 too many.
In an ad for the Dodge Charger, men stare into the camera with expressions of either defeated resignation or seething resentment. “I will be civil to your mother, I will put the seat down,” goes one section of the voiceover litany—much of which centers on how unbearable it is for men to listen to the opinions of, and on occasion respect the wishes of, women. The Charger is billed as “man's last stand.” Not long after, an ad for Flo TV declares that when a man goes shopping with his girlfriend she has “removed his spine.” He is urged to “change out of that skirt.” Is it me, or was this year's dose of casual misogyny a little rawer and angrier than usual? Are men feeling especially threatened by the fragile economy and by the fact that the vast majority of job losses have afflicted traditionally male, working-class strongholds like manufacturing and construction (the kind of guys I picture wanting … a Dodge Charger)?
In another Flo TV ad, will.i.am offers his updated take on the Who's “My Generation.” Last year, in a Pepsi ad, will.i.am offered his updated take on Bob Dylan's “Forever Young.” Two points: 1) Corporate America, please end your fascination with will.i.am, and stop enlisting him to desecrate the history of music. 2) Can we all take this moment to acknowledge that it is still possible for an artist to sell out, and that will.i.am is demonstrating this possibility on a near-daily basis?
Halftime
Stumbling around over by the drum kit—with his black fedora, patchy white stubble, and oversized eyewear—Pete Townshend looks a bit like a confused Junior Soprano. By the way, how tempted must CBS have been to parade CSI stars across the stage during “Who Are You”? Gary Sinise windmilling on a Fender. David Caruso snapping off his sunglasses to stare accusingly into Roger Daltrey's eyes. This must have been narrowly rejected in the planning meetings.
Third Quarter
Megan Fox's Super Bowl ad for Motorola—in which she imagines what might happen if she snapped a semi-nude pic of herself with her cell phone and put it on the Web—is the final rung in the actress' ascent (or descent?) from actual sex symbol to culturally signifying “sex symbol.” I did enjoy the notion that straight and gay men would enrage their partners by being unable to resist the allure of Megan Fox cheesecake photos.
HomeAway.com resurrects the Griswolds, the hapless tourists from the Vacation films, played by Chevy Chase and Beverly D'Angelo. Nice gag about the “complementary” water in snooty hotel rooms. (“With an E—it complements the rooms. It's not free.”) But the ad simply teases a longer video posted to the Web at the expense of explaining to the Super Bowl audience what HomeAway.com is and how it works. I, for one, am not anxious to log on and view more sweaty Chevy Chase antics. I'd rather watch the depressing, fully-clothed jiggle footage at GoDaddy.com.
The E-trade talking baby sweet-talks his girlfriend over video chat—and then gets busted for two-timing when his girlfriend realizes “that milkaholic Lindsay” is over at our hero's crib. Maybe talking babies are your thing. They don't do a lot for me. Whatever. Can I just point out: The original idea behind the talking baby was to send the message that E-trade is incredibly easy to use (so easy that an infant can do it). The ads have now lost all connection to this logic. They're just a series of 30-second Look Who's Talking sequels.
The rumblings were correct: Google bought its first Super Bowl ad. True to form, the company didn't attempt to shape its brand with a celebrity spokesperson, a lame comedy bit, or shenanigans involving animals. Instead, an almost all-text ad told the story—through search engine inquiries—of a guy who visits France, meets his soulmate, and starts a family. This was one of multiple ads this year tracing long character arcs (Cars.com and Dove Men+Care both followed a character from birth through adulthood), but, amazingly, the narrative here was expressed entirely through a product demonstration. Ad Report Card has long considered the melding of practical sales pitch with uplifting emotion the holy grail of advertising, and here's a prime example. Frankly, I'm getting a little of sick of Google doing everything right.
Fourth Quarter
An ad for Vizio televisions—touting their ability to display content from the Internet via special included software—shows you all the incredible Internet stuff you could be watching on your Vizio TV: dramatic gopher, the “Numa Numa” guy, the “Chocolate Rain” guy. … Wait, this is what's supposed to convince us we need the Internet on our TVs? Ancient YouTube clips? Tell me honestly: Are you excited to watch content like this on your TV? If so, please let me know, so I can decline your invitation to come over and watch TV.
Emerald Nuts and Pop Secret (both owned by Diamond Foods) team up to share a 30-second ad with the tagline “Awesome + awesome = awesomer.” I can't decide whether it's appealingly frugal for two brands to split the expense of a single ad or whether it's just low-rent. I'm leaning toward the latter.
A man is so protective of his Doritos stash that he uses the savory snack chips as ninja throwing stars when someone tries to steal a bag from him. I admit I chuckled at the suit of Samurai armor made entirely from Doritos. I also liked the earlier ad in which a little boy admonishes his mother's suitor, “Keep your hands off my mama, keep your hands off my Doritos.” In the battle of pure humor spots, I'd say Doritos bested Bud Light. Which is remarkable when you consider that all the Doritos ads were submitted as part of a contest, while the Bud Light ads were made by an expensive advertising agency. Chalk one up for the slightly superior mediocrity of crowds.
Two-Minute Warning
With the game slipping out of Peyton Manning's hands (how delightful for these Patriots fan to once again see the glazed eyes, flushed skin, and pursed lips of a whupped Manning), Joe Montana celebrates his intact legacy as the greatest Super Bowl quarterback of all time. How does he celebrate? By doing a voice-over endorsement for Skechers Shape-ups—the butt-toning sneakers that look like orthopedic hospital equipment.
And thus ends a decidedly uninspiring slate of Super Bowl commercials. Will we still be talking about any of these ads years from now as we do with truly great Super Bowl spots? I doubt it. But we can talk about all of them today, in the comments section. Have at it.
Smoking can kill, we all know that -- but it does something else to the very fundamental coding of your body you might not expect.
An alarming new study shows that it's not just cancer, heart disease and other ailments we have to worry about when it comes to smoking: lighting up can also alter our DNA. A new study has found that smoking alters more than 7,000 genes in ways that may contribute to the development of these diseases, and don't go away completely even when we stop smoking.
Scientists based their conclusions on results from blood samples taken from 16,000 people in 16 other studies, finding that those who stopped smoking saw their genes recover for the most part within five years of quitting, showing that the sooner you stop smoking, the better. But the research team, led by Dr. Stephanie London of the U.S. National Institute of Environmental Health Science, also found that some genetic changes remains 30 years later, according to the study.
The researchers looked at a process called DNA methylation, which are genetic changes that don't alter the underlying cold but can change how they are expressed. Decades after smokers quit, there was still a higher long term risk of common smoking related diseases.
“We used a pregnancy cohort called the Norwegian Mother and Child Study, or MoBa2 for short,” London said in a recent podcast. “And we used cord blood samples from the study. Cord blood is collected at birth from the baby, so it's the baby's DNA. And we looked at whether there are methylation changes that are related to whether or not the baby's mother smoked. And we were very interested to find, even though we looked in a very hypothesis-free way, that some of the genes that came to the top were ones that we had previously known were very important in the response to compounds that are in tobacco smoke, and in particular, two genes that are in the AhR signaling pathway.”
When Journey to Un'Goro arrives, we'll mark the end of the Year of the Kraken and the beginning of a new Hearthstone year: the Year of the Mammoth. This new Hearthstone Year brings a fresh start in the form of an updated Standard format, a new Hearthstone hero, and more—so it's a great time to celebrate!
Mammoth Brawls
We kicked things off on March 15 with the first of three special Year of the Mammoth Tavern Brawls that each award a Journey to Un'Goro card pack upon achieving a well-earned victory! Another arrives on March 29, so be sure to join the fray!
Mammoth Celebration Daily Rewards
There's another good reason to join us on that day. During the week before the new Year of the Mammoth begins, you'll be rewarded for just showing up to the party! All you need to do is log in to Hearthstone each day beginning March 29 to claim your rewards.
Here's what you can pick up just for dropping by:
March 29 50 gold March 30 Mean Streets of Gadgetzan card pack March 31 100 Dust April 1 Whispers of the Old Gods card pack April 2 Journey to Un'Goro card pack April 3 50 gold April 4 Journey to Un'Goro card pack April 5*
Daily rewards begin and end when quests reset each day in your region**, so be sure to join us every day to get them all!
Thanks for celebrating the Year of the Mammoth with us, and we'll see you in the tavern!
*To receive the golden Volcanosaur card reward, you will need to log in with a Hearthstone client that has been fully updated for Journey to Un'Goro.
**In order to receive daily rewards, players must have completed "The Duelist" introductory quest.
After phony cease-fire, Israel vows to intensify Gaza bloodbath
By Bill Van Auken
16 July 2014
The Israeli government has seized on Hamas's failure to immediately observe a cease-fire about which it was never consulted as the pretext for escalating its one-sided war against the nearly two million Palestinians confined to the narrow and densely populated Gaza Strip.
Fresh Israeli air strikes Tuesday sent the Palestinian death toll in Gaza climbing to the 200 mark, with another 1,400 or more wounded. Meanwhile, the crude and mostly homemade rockets fired from Gaza in response claimed their first victim on Tuesday. A civilian was mortally wounded by shrapnel while bringing candy to Israeli troops massed at the Erez crossing between Israel and the northern end of the Gaza Strip in preparation for a possible ground invasion.
Tuesday's deaths raised Palestinian casualties in the current Israeli onslaught higher than those recorded in the 2012 war against Gaza, which stopped short of a ground invasion. This makes it the bloodiest attack on the territory since the Zionist regime launched its Operation Cast Lead, which sent troops and tanks into the crowded territory, leaving nearly 1,500 Palestinians dead.
According to figures recorded by the United Nations, nearly 80 percent of those killed in the current operation have been civilians, including dozens of children.
The casualties Tuesday included an elderly Palestinian killed in an air strike on agricultural land in the southern area of Khan Younis and a 25-year-old who died in a drone strike in the al-Zaytoun neighborhood of eastern Gaza City. In a separate air strike on the Jabaliya refugee camp, ten people, including three children and two women, were wounded.
Tuesday's so-called cease-fire was unilaterally decreed by the US-backed Egyptian regime of military strongman Abdel-Fatteh El-Sisi following talks with the government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. There were no consultations whatsoever with Hamas, whose leaders said they first learned about it from media reports.
The “cease-fire” appears to have been deliberately designed to ensure Hamas's rejection and provide Israel with a pretext for escalating its assault. General Sisi last year overthrew the Muslim Brotherhood government of President Mohamed Mursi and organized the massacre of thousands of Brotherhood supporters. He also jailed Mursi, along with tens of thousands of others. His regime is now providing tactical support to Israel in the hopes that it will exterminate Hamas, an offshoot of the Brotherhood, and thousands of Palestinian civilians along with it.
The cease-fire proposal was striking in that it included no references whatsoever to the demands made by Hamas, which included the release of hundreds of Palestinians taken prisoner in last month's Israeli crackdown on the West Bank, an end to the seven-year blockade of the territory and reopening of border crossings sealed by Israel and Egypt, and Israel's respect for a cease-fire agreement brokered by the Mursi government after the Israeli war on Gaza in 2012.
In statements Tuesday, Netanyahu indicated that the Egyptian agreement would also include the “disarmament” of Gaza.
The Hamas leadership appeared divided on the issue Tuesday. Senior Hamas leader Mussa Abu Marzuk said the organization was “still in consultation” on the Egyptian cease-fire maneuver and had “yet to take an official position.” But the Hamas military wing, the al-Qassam Brigades, dismissed the proposal as a “surrender” and said its “battle with the enemy continues and will increase in ferocity and intensity.”
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas played his usual role as a subordinate of Washington and Tel Aviv, calling for unconditional acceptance of the Egyptian proposal. He is to meet with Egyptian officials in Cairo Wednesday.
In a statement broadcast Tuesday night, Netanyahu made clear what the Egyptian proposal was intended for all along. “It would have been preferable to have solved this diplomatically, and this is what we tried to do when we accepted the Egyptian proposal for a cease-fire, but Hamas leaves us no choice but to expand and intensify the campaign against it,” he said.
He insisted that Tel Aviv's acceptance of the cease-fire and Hamas's rejection would lend “international legitimacy” to an escalation of the Gaza bloodbath, and that he expected “full support from the responsible members of the international community.”
First and foremost of these “responsible” nations, of course, is the United States, with the Obama administration signaling the continuation of its unqualified support for Israel in a war in which Palestinian deaths outnumber Israeli by 200 to 1.
Washington responded as expected. Secretary of State John Kerry reserved his condemnation for Hamas, blaming it for continuing to fire rockets “at the time Israel and Egypt are working in good faith to get a cease-fire.” He predicted “an even greater escalation of violence,” insisting that “Israel has the right to defend itself.” A planned trip by Kerry to Cairo to promote the cease-fire was called off as the US cleared the decks for an Israeli escalation.
White House spokesman Josh Earnest also placed the full blame on Hamas for the continued bloodshed, delivering a blank check to Tel Aviv with the statement that Israel is “entitled to take the kinds of actions that are necessary to keep their citizens safe.”
The UN aid agency for Palestinians, UNRWRA, described the death and destruction wrought thus far by the Israeli blitz as “immense.” The destruction includes attacks on Gaza's water and sewage systems, threatening the health of the entire population.
“The level of human losses and destruction is really immense,” said UNWRA spokesman Sami Mshasha. The agency said that over 560 houses had been totally demolished, with thousands of other buildings seriously damaged. These included 47 UNRWA facilities that are housing some 17,000 people who have been forced from their homes by Israeli attacks and threats.
This number is set to rise sharply as the Israeli military late Tuesday night issued warnings to some 100,000 people in two northern Gazan areas to leave their homes or face deadly attacks. The warnings are either a criminal form of psychological warfare or the preparations for a ground offensive.
Support for such an offensive was proclaimed in bellicose terms Tuesday by Israel's foreign minister, Avigdor Lieberman, who called for the Israeli military to “go all the way” and “end this operation when the Israeli army is in control over the whole Gaza Strip.” In an attack on Netanyahu's delay in ordering a ground offensive, he said, “All this hesitation works against us.”
The Lebanese daily Al-Akhbar interviewed Yasser, a young man from the Khan Younis area in southern Gaza, whose entire family was massacred in an Israeli air strike. He was about to enter his home, the newspaper reported, “but the Israeli bombing got to his family before him, turning them into charred corpses and scattered carnage.”
The report continued: “Yasser thought his eyes were deceiving him when he saw his mother Bassima (53 years old), with her legs cut off by the bombing. He was looking hysterically for the limbs and the heads of his younger siblings. In a voice full of pain and sorrow, he told Al-Akhbar: ‘Life has no meaning after this death. I don't know how I will adapt to this harsh reality. Everyone I shared my life and my feelings with are gone and I am left alone here.'
“He wonders: ‘What objectives did the Israeli government accomplish? Killing unarmed civilians while they are sleeping is going to eradicate the seed of Resistance. On the contrary, the Resistance will grow stronger and we ask the Resistance forces to take revenge. My family's blood is not cheap.'”
These war crimes have provoked revulsion in at least some sections of the Israeli population. Haaretz columnist Gideon Levy published a column describing Israel's pilots as individuals who “have never seen an enemy plane coming toward them—the last aerial battle of the Israel Air Force took place before most of them were born.”
Levy continued: “They never saw the whites of the eyes and the red blood of their victims from up close. They are heroes who are battling the weakest, most helpless people who have no air force and no aerial defense, barely even a kite… and they are now perpetrating the worst, the cruelest, the most despicable deeds.”
The column prompted threats and provoked denunciations of the columnist as a “traitor.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
RIVERSIDE, Calif. -- Assassin bugs, so named because these insects lie in ambush for prey that they attack with speed and precision, are found all over the world. Nearly 140 species of these bugs are blood-sucking; because they can bite humans around the mouth, they are also called kissing bugs. All kissing bugs can spread Chagas disease, a neglected tropical disease that imposes an economic burden on society.
Surprising, then, that scientists' understanding of the evolutionary history of assassin bugs is riddled with difficulty. The data are incomplete. Fossils, which exist for only a few groups of assassin bugs, are young, providing only patchy information on how these bugs evolved.
Now entomologists at the University of California, Riverside have produced a clearer snapshot of the entire evolutionary history of assassin bugs by integrating molecular, paleontological, behavioral and ecological data into their analyses. The result of their painstaking work is a new phylogeny -- the representation of the evolutionary relationships between species -- for assassin bugs. It includes the most number of assassin bugs to date and represents the most number of subfamilies.
"We can now zoom in on specific groups within the phylogeny to examine specific aspects of the evolution of that group," said Christiane Weirauch, an associate professor of entomology who reconstructed the assassin bug phylogeny with her Ph.D. graduate student Wei Song Hwang. "Our phylogeny significantly improves our knowledge about relationships within assassin bugs and will guide future research work in understanding how some of the interesting prey specialization behaviors and prey capture techniques have evolved."
Study results appeared last month in PLoS ONE.
"One significant improvement is the addition of several assassin bug species from the subfamily Reduviinae, the second largest subfamily of assassin bugs," said Hwang, the first author of the research paper. "Previous phylogenies have a very limited representation of Reduviinae, which means the overall interpretation of the phylogeny is of limited value."
Assassin bugs are estimated to have originated during the Middle Jurassic (~178 million years ago), making them a relatively old group of insects. They diversified significantly in the Late Cretaceous (~97 million years ago); indeed, nearly 90 percent of the existing species diversity we see today in assassin bugs started to diversify from this time onwards. The cause of this diversification remains unknown.
Blood-feeding kissing bugs
Weirauch and Hwang also determined that kissing bugs originated just 27-32 million years ago, the previous estimate being 107 million years ago. Mostly found in Central and South America, these bugs have evolved to feed on vertebrate blood -- lizards, birds, opossums, armadillos, bats, etc., and humans -- and can be found in diverse environments, from the Sonoran desert to the Amazon rainforest.
"The previous estimate of 107 million years ago linked the diversification of kissing bugs with the splitting of South America from Antarctica and provided a longer time-span for kissing bugs to speciate and spread across the continent and adapt," Hwang said. "Our research shows that this is not the case. By including more data and improving estimation methods, our younger estimate of 27-32 million years ago matches the time when the hosts, mainly mammals and birds, were diversifying at a rapid rate in South America."
The researchers caution that as natural environments get altered, more kissing bugs may be seen adapting to new environments and hosts rather than going extinct.
"The colonization of human settlements by wild kissing bugs we are witnessing now is thus likely to increase in intensity as more natural environments are replaced by human activities," Hwang said.
With their comprehensive sampling of assassin bugs and large molecular dataset, Weirauch and Hwang also show that the blood-feeding kissing bugs either have a single origin or two separate but close origins. Until now, the possibility of two separate but close origins of kissing bugs had not been hypothesized nor demonstrated.
"The possibility that there are two separate lineages implies that there will be shared traits among the lineages, but also slight differences we need to be aware of when developing different preventative strategies," Hwang explained. "A single origin, on the other hand, means we can expect common traits shared among all kissing bugs that can be targeted for control or monitoring."
Building the Tree of Life
The current research is part of the scientific endeavor to reconstruct the entire Tree of Life -- the biological concept that all living organisms are related and can be traced back to a single ancestor representing the origin of life on Earth.
"Reconstructing a phylogeny, a framework from which we can infer the evolutionary history of any group of organisms, is thus the first step towards understanding how life evolved, how different species relate to one another, how specific traits evolved over time, and why biodiversity occurs the way it does today," Weirauch said.
###
The study was financially supported by the Partnership for Enhancing Expertise in Taxonomy (PEET) program of the National Science Foundation, the UCR Department of Entomology, a UCR Graduate Division Dissertation Year Program Award and an American Museum of Natural History Collection Study Grant.
The University of California, Riverside is a doctoral research university, a living laboratory for groundbreaking exploration of issues critical to Inland Southern California, the state and communities around the world. Reflecting California's diverse culture, UCR's enrollment has exceeded 20,500 students. The campus will open a medical school in 2013 and has reached the heart of the Coachella Valley by way of the UCR Palm Desert Center. The campus has an annual statewide economic impact of more than $1 billion. A broadcast studio with fiber cable to the AT&T Hollywood hub is available for live or taped interviews. UCR also has ISDN for radio interviews. To learn more, call (951) UCR-NEWS.
Google's hardware division, much like Samsung's Galaxy Note 7, is on fire. Well, fortunately at least that one isn't actually on fire, but you get the idea. With up to nine new pieces of gear ready to be unveiled, Google is seemingly ready to enter the one tech-related realm it was awkwardly unfamiliar with. And when your name is “Google“, well, that comes with some serious liability…
We may soon have a full ecosystem that more or less runs entirely on Google machines: tablets, laptops, smartwatches, streaming devices, virtual assistants in the form of home speakers, a VR headset, even your car and TV (although solely via software — at least for now). Whatever you may be thinking of, in a year or so Google will likely have you covered, with products that — again save for things like TVs and cars — the company itself makes. (Yes, we know about those other Google-built cars, but that's another story.)
We all know that the central hub of the entire ecosystem is and ostensibly will remain, at least for the foreseeable future, the smartphone. Sure, the market is saturated and general sales are slowing down, with products that are iterative rather than revolutionary, but that doesn't mean that people will suddenly stop buying them, nor that the focus will shift on other products. If it does, that's likely because your smartphone will become the essential gearwheel needed for the whole thing to work, and we will therefore simply take it for granted. Think VR: Google's push has been explicitly towards mobile VR, and while standalone headsets may become popular one day, it is undeniable that it is your phone that will play a crucial role in the years to come — hence the push towards better displays and more powerful GPUs.
But there's more than that.
Whereas Nexus phones have so far been what I would call nice “boxes” for Google to showcase Android as they intended it, taking over the mantle in the entire hardware department must come as a responsibility. If Google, as it appears, really does decide to finally cave in and put out the first true “Google phone”, then I personally feel that our expectations should be higher than usual.
I've always frowned a bit at the Nexus program exactly because of its lack of tight integration between hardware and software, and was often proven right when met with products that failed to delight. Sure, Nexus phones have historically been a great way to get good specs for relatively cheap, and most of all your gateway to Google's software without annoying middlemen. And last year's 6P also managed to finally step up the game in the camera department, but I can still hear the echo of people complaining about the slowness of the dedicated app, quick launch and everything.
I was happy with my phone, but it still felt a tad Frankenstein-ish to me, almost as if Huawei had made the shell and Google given life to it, but without talking much to each other, thus leaving crucial things such as performance and battery optimizations out. It was a love/hate relationship, a constant “It's awesome, but“.
I would rarely be able to uncompromisingly recommend a Nexus.
After all, Google perhaps didn't care; they wouldn't produce loads and loads of units nor market the thing too much, and leave it to the Android enthusiasts and a few other folks. In this sense, expecting yet another Nexus phone to go much beyond that was disingenuous, and all in all the 6P still is a great device. However, it's always pained me to admit that almost every time anyone would ask me about “the best Android phone they could buy”, I would rarely be able to uncompromisingly recommend a Nexus. It's why so many people, unwilling to put up with anyone's bloated software (but Google's), simply ended up buying an iPhone.
I feel like this can't happen anymore.
For one, I'd try and think about this sudden name change. This is not just something new, but an attempt to try and unify the company's entire hardware efforts under one consumer oriented brand name that people will have to resonate with. Sure, Google is not going to become Apple overnight, and chances are you'll never see “Pixel” become as ubiquitous as, say, “iPhone”, but rather something akin to what Microsoft is doing with its Surface line.
So naturally, Google will push the whole Pixel thing more than it's ever done in the past (rumor has it that big carriers are going to have them in store), and make a strong statement that the often hidden, underlying software thousands and thousands of people use has a proper, in-house made flagship companion. Marketing is absolutely crucial here, because your average Joe needs to at least know that Google — the same company that provides them with YouTube and Gmail — is making a beautiful little phone all by itself; then, hopefully good reviews and word of mouth will do the rest. It may — scratch that, will — take a while, but it's a necessary step to secure the most important part of the increasingly bigger and important ecosystem.
Photo: Alex Washburn / Wired
And going back to the responsibility issue, it all fundamentally comes down to one thing: coura… alright, maybe not. But it is about reliability.
I want to be able to trust Google's hardware as much as I do with its software. I want to be able to answer that question and confidently say “get a Pixel”, this time not followed by a “but…”. I want to know that a Pixel phone is not just a shortcut to the latest version of Android, but a fantastic overall device that's not afraid to go head to head with the latest from Samsung (which, to me, means a lot — even software wise). We need to finally have the one reference device we can point frustrated ex-Apple customers as well as old-time Android converts to, especially now that the smartphone game has become a fight to the bottom.
The iPhone 7 is likely going to be another home run for Apple, mind you (it's still a great phone, by all means), but far from the outlandish and industry-pushing device it used to be in years past. For all its ravishing beauty, it's admittedly a phone that's playing catch-up; and, eventually, people will notice it. Unless caught up in Apple's own web, they may start looking elsewhere, and I'm not sure Samsung will fulfill those needs the way Google could. Much like the Cupertino firm, Mountain View's offering should be what my colleague Stephen rightly calls “an undeniably polished package”, that however boosts Google's (and Google's only) quickly-becoming-superior software and integrated services.
It doesn't necessarily need to be the best at everything (someone will always have a slightly better camera or maybe a fancier design), but most definitely a device that people can trust to be their centerpiece in the broader Google ecosystem — one that won't let them down no matter what they do and that's easy to recognize and buy for everyone, even the less tech-savvy among us. It's long overdue.
Also please, Google. Add that multi-color light bar. It's cool.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jeremy Corbyn: "A more equal society... does better in terms of economic stability and wealth creation"
A Labour government could ban companies from paying dividends to shareholders unless they pay workers the living wage, Jeremy Corbyn has said.
He said in a speech to a think tank too much profit from economic growth had gone to those at the top of society.
The Labour leader was explaining his strategy to tackle pay inequality and "institutionalise fairness" in Britain.
He later told the Unite union in Scotland the Tories wanted to "tip the scales further" in favour of bosses.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron said Mr Corbyn "seems committed on ripping apart our business sector in pursuit of an egalitarian fantasy". A Conservative Party spokesman called Labour a "clear threat to our economic security".
Addressing the left-of-centre Fabian Society, Mr Corbyn said: "Only profitable employers will be paying dividends; if they depend on cheap labour for those profits then I think there is a question over whether that is a business model to which we should be turning a blind eye."
Image copyright Milepost/Virgin Trains Image caption Mr Corbyn repeated his promise to renationalise the railways
CBI chief of staff Matthew Fell said: "The idea of politicians stepping into the relationship between a private company and its shareholders would be a significant intervention, and not one that we would support."
Almost six million workers in the UK are currently paid less than the living wage - an informal benchmark promoted by the Living Wage Foundation, which is currently £8.25 an hour and £9.40 in London.
The government has announced a compulsory National Living Wage for people over 25 starting at £7.20 an hour in April this year, with a target of reaching more than £9 an hour by 2020.
'Holds back growth'
Mr Corbyn said imposing "pay ratios" between those at the top and those at the bottom of a company's pay scale could be another option for creating a fairer society.
He said: "A more equal society is not only fairer, it does better in terms of economic stability and wealth creation."
The Labour leader also used his speech to attack the Conservatives, accusing them of "running the state into the ground" for ideological reasons.
"Their concept of fairness is of a very different order to ours," he said. "Fairness for only a few is not fairness, but privilege."
In his address to Unite's Scottish conference in Glasgow, Mr Corbyn repeated his call, saying companies should "pay the living wage to the workers first and the dividend later on".
He also said a future Labour government would repeal the Trade Union Bill currently going through Parliament, and extend employees' rights.
Living wages: How does it add up?
The living wage is an informal benchmark, not a legally enforceable minimum level of pay. It is currently set at £8.25 an hour, and £9.40 in London
is an informal benchmark, not a legally enforceable minimum level of pay. It is currently set at £8.25 an hour, and £9.40 in London The national minimum wage is the compulsory minimum level of pay set by the business secretary each year on the advice of the Low Pay Commission. It stands at £6.70 an hour for adults aged 21 and over, and £5.30 for those aged 18 to 20
is the compulsory minimum level of pay set by the business secretary each year on the advice of the Low Pay Commission. It stands at £6.70 an hour for adults aged 21 and over, and £5.30 for those aged 18 to 20 In the last Budget the government announced a new compulsory National Living Wage would come into force from April 2016. It will be paid to workers aged 25 and above. It will be set initially at £7.20 an hour and is intended to exceed £9 an hour by 2020
Mr Corbyn repeated his promise to renationalise the railways, which he said would bring down fares.
And he said the way to cut energy bills for consumers and transition to carbon-free energy was to restore "democratic control" of the energy companies.
'Difficult process'
Seema Malhotra, shadow chief secretary to the Treasury, told the BBC Mr Corbyn was not announcing "something that is Labour policy" adding "it was an idea" to provoke debate.
Mr Corbyn had said party members and supporters would decide whether his proposals were worth adopting.
"Our... membership has doubled since that [general election] defeat in May; our party is in a process of regenerating - a difficult process of adjustment for us all at times, but a huge opportunity to breathe life into all sections of the party and draw on the collective wisdom of all."
BBC News politics reporter Matt Cole said the speech was a way for Mr Corbyn to regain the political initiative following the shadow cabinet reshuffle over which three of his front-bench team resigned.
He said the "most eye-catching plan", the proposals on dividends, received a warm welcome from Labour supporters happy to move on from what may have seemed like unending internal party rows.
A combination of the sea and homesteading, which is a self-sufficient lifestyle; seasteading is the idea of creating permanent accommodation at sea. The idea originated with modifying cruise ships in order to create a home on the water. The first one that was adapted to facilitate living in this way cost in excess of USD$10 million to transform. One of the things that is the most appealing about these cities is the fact that they would be outside of any government's control, and the residents would choose to be under the rules of the country that the ship displays its flag.
The Seasteading Institute
Founded on April 15, 2008 by Wayne Gramlich and Patri Friedman, after a USD$500,000 contribution by Paypal founder, Peter Thiel, the institute has undertaken the task of facilitating the creation of affordable living conditions at sea.
In 2013, the floating city project was launched with the idea of setting up the cities within shallow waters controlled by a nation. The calm waters and the close proximity of the shore would make it easy to get necessary deliveries. The goal of the institute is to have the first floating city established by 2020.
The founders have approached three (currently unknown) nations to offer to develop the construction near their shores and, therefore, under their jurisdiction. The value that this would have to these nations is undeniable, in terms of setting up a separate economy where new political structures and laws can be tried out.
Each city would be made up of 10-15 platforms each housing 20 people. This would mean a total of 200-300 people per city. The cost to set up these structures has been estimated at USD$15 million per platform and $150-165 million per city. Fortunately, the project will be privately funded and there are already many people interested in the prospect.
The concept has been supported by several architects and different designs have been entertained. One example of a unique concept was developed by Belgian architect, Vincent Callebaut, who designed a floating aquatic home, made of algae and garbage. One can only imagine the advantages of building cities out of the waste of the rest of the world. This is not the only concept that has been presented, however, and most of us will have to wait until closer to the year 2020 to see which one will prevail.
Humanity is always searching for new horizons and ways to expand our territory. Seasteading, and the idea of living outside of the jurisdiction of a specific country will continue to have its appeal, and more than likely there will soon be other projects similar to The Seasteading Institute's that will follow the same intention.
In my science based fiction, Endless Fire Future Furies, I employ the seasteading concept with the Society Preserving Endangered Agriculture or SPEA establishing itself as an independent state through seasteading. SPEA constructs its city-state on a forty acre platform above the Pacific island of Kiritimati, or as we pronounce it – Christmas Island. As a totally independent state SPEA engages the most advanced technologies to ensure that is completely self-sufficient as regards to energy and food. I see it as a very possible and probable future.
For more information about seasteading: http://www.seasteading.org
“My recollection is Julia Gillard was in one of the rooms adjacent to the front door,” he said. The house in Abbotsford that Julia Gillard renovated Credit:John Woudstra Mr Blewitt said he met Mr Wilson in the kitchen area and there were three other people there dressed in workers' overalls. “They asked me if I had the money. He asked me to pay him $7000, which I did. “She [Ms Gillard] wasn't present at the time that I handed the money over … ”
In 2012, Ms Gillard told a press conference she was confident that she had paid for the renovations on her home. She said then: "If anybody has a piece of evidence that says I knowingly received money to which I was not entitled for my renovations, please feel free to get it out. If anybody's got it, it's only been 20 years." Mr Blewitt said he had met Ms Gillard on other occasions, including at a dinner at the Windsor Hotel in Melbourne, and remembered feeling uncomfortable. “I'm more the corner milk bar type,” Mr Blewitt said. Mr Blewitt earlier revealed the Australian Workers Union's Western Australian branch invoiced engineering company Thiess on a monthly basis for services it had no intention of providing and channelled the money into a secret “slush fund” for electioneering.
He said Mr Wilson's brother-in-law Joe Trio was an executive at Thiess at the time. Mr Blewitt told the hearing on Monday the “slush fund” was set up in 1992 with the help of legal advice provided by Ms Gillard when she was a partner at the Slater and Gordon law firm in Melbourne. Thiess, which had won a contract to complete the Dawesville Channel Project - a man-made waterway south of Perth - was invoiced monthly for workplace reform and safety services at the project worksite. Mr Blewitt, the first witness to appear before the commission, said he and another union official, Bruce Wilson established the Workplace Reform Association, which invoiced Thiess for the services that it had no intention of providing. He admitted to claiming payments from Thiess, which he filtered to the Workplace Reform Association, a related entity of the AWU.
Mr Blewitt alleged Mr Wilson used money from the fund, established for union electioneering purposes, to buy a house in Melbourne. Mr Blewitt told the hearing that the Melbourne house was bought on Saturday, February 13, 1993, at an auction attended by Ms Gillard and Mr Wilson. Mr Blewitt said the Melbourne property was purchased in his own name and that Victorian Police had recently pointed out to him that he had made two mortgage payments, which he cannot recall. He said the association's purpose was kept secret from other union members apart from himself and three others, including Mr Wilson. The association was officially incorporated in 1992 when Mr Wilson was secretary of the AWU's Western Australian branch and he (Mr Blewitt served as Mr Wilson's deputy.
Mr Blewitt told the commission he deposited cheques from Thiess, including one for about $25,000 into a Commonwealth Bank account he opened. He alleged he had always acted on directions from Mr Wilson who wanted to keep himself at “arms-length” from the association. At the time, he said he and Mr Wilson were “inseparable” and spent time together outside work. Loading Mr Blewitt has previously accused Ms Gillard and Mr Wilson of benefiting from funds from the association, an allegation both strongly deny.
The hearing continues
Trump also did not respond to a Trans United Fund questionnaire sent to presidential candidates.
AP / Seth Wenig
Bernie Sanders declared he was an ally to the transgender community and he vowed to expand transgender protections under existing federal civil rights laws if he's elected — according to his answers to a presidential questionnaire sent in April by a transgender-rights advocacy group.
More than a month after receiving the same questions, however, Hillary Clinton hasn't provided answers to the Trans United Fund's survey — even though her campaign initially indicated she would respond.
“Too often, it seems as if the ‘T' in LGBT is silent."
“I think Sanders's answers were thoughtful and strong," said Hayden Mora, chair of Trans United Fund's organizing committee, which was formed this year as a response to a growing effort by conservatives to block and repeal transgender rights. In contrast, Mora said the group's leaders "feel disappointed and perplexed” by Clinton's silence. “She has been a champion on these issues,” said Mora. “But I'm disappointed. The trans community is in tremendous crisis, not just due to issues of violence and HIV, but also because there is a national coordinated political attack by extremists now more than ever.”
Mora said Sanders responded to the 11 pages of questions within 10 days, expressing support for a wide range of proposals, from facilitating health care services by federal agencies to banning discrimination by federal contractors overseas. “Too often, it seems as if the ‘T' in LGBT is silent,” Sanders wrote. “In my administration, the T will not be silent.” Sanders said that he supports using civil rights laws to advance transgender nondiscrimination policies “until Congress formally adds those protections to our laws.”
In the past month, the Obama administration's Justice Department used an evolving interpretation of civil rights laws to bring a lawsuit against North Carolina, challenging an anti-transgender statute, and it issued guidance with the Education Department on ways to accommodate transgender students. “The last three weeks have shown the power and importance of the federal government in protecting the barest minimums of basic rights for trans folks,” Mora said. “It's powerful that the Sanders campaign took the time to complete the survey and are unabashed in their support.”
“We feel disappointed and perplexed" by Clinton's silence.
UPDATED: Controversial far-right figure Milo Yiannopoulos has been disinvited from speaking at the Conservative Political Action Conference, it was announced on Monday.
The decision comes amid a controversy involving a video from January 2016, in which Yiannopoulos appears to defend pedophilia. It resurfaced after it was recently shared on a conservative blog, and has gained traction and backlash over the past week.
“We realize that Mr. Yiannopoulos has responded on Facebook, but it is insufficient,” American Conservative Union Chairman Matt said in a statement. “It is up to him to answer the tough questions and we urge him to immediately further address these disturbing comments.”
In the video, a 2016 episode of podcast “The Drunken Peasants,” Yiannopoulos discussed his own experience with sexual assault as a teenager. He argued in the clip that relationships between “younger boys and older men” could be beneficial.
Later on Monday, Simon & Schuster's Adam Rothberg announced that the company and its Threshold Editions division would be canceling its publication of Yiannopoulos' book, “Dangerous.” It was due for release on June 13.
Statement: After careful consideration @simonschuster and its @threshold_books have cancelled publication of Dangerous by Milo Yiannopoulos — (((Adam Rothberg))) (@AdamRothberg) February 20, 2017
In a Facebook post in response to the controversy, Yiannopoulos claimed that the video was “deceptively edited,” and said he was “horrified” by allegations that he was an advocate for pedophilia.
“If it somehow comes across (through my own sloppy phrasing or through deceptive editing) that I meant any of the ugly things alleged, let me set the record straight: I am completely disgusted by the abuse of children,” he wrote in the post.
Yiannopoulos is far from a stranger to controversy. He's carved out a reputation for himself as an unapologetic speaker, and recently appeared on HBO's “Real Time With Bill Maher,” where he criticized Sarah Silverman, Lena Dunham, and Amy Schumer, and discussed his issues with actress Leslie Jones.
a blog about the web, Go, and building things
•••
I wrote an article a while back on implementing custom handler types to avoid a few common problems with the existing http.HandlerFunc —the func MyHandler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) signature you often see. It's a useful “general purpose” handler type that covers the basics, but—as with anything generic—there are a few shortcomings:
Having to remember to explicitly call a naked return when you want to stop processing in the handler. This is a common case when you want to raise a re-direct (301/302), not found (404) or internal server error (500) status. Failing to do so can be the cause of subtle bugs (the function will continue) and because the function signature doesn't require a return value, the compiler won't alert you.
when you want to stop processing in the handler. This is a common case when you want to raise a re-direct (301/302), not found (404) or internal server error (500) status. Failing to do so can be the cause of subtle bugs (the function will continue) and because the function signature doesn't require a return value, the compiler won't alert you. You can't easily pass in additional arguments (i.e. database pools, configuration values). You end up having to either use a bunch of globals (not terrible, but tracking them can scale poorly) or stash those things into a request context and then type assert each of them out. Can be clunky.
You end up repeating yourself. Want to log the error returned by your DB package? You can either call log.Printf in your database package (in each query func), or in every handler when an error is returned. It'd be great if your handlers could just return that to a function that centrally logs errors and raise a HTTP 500 on the ones that call for it.
My previous approach used the func(http.ResponseWriter, *http.Request) (int, error) signature. This has proven to be pretty neat, but a quirk is that returning “non error” status codes like 200, 302, 303 was often superfluous—you're either setting it elsewhere or it's effectively unused - e.g.
func SomeHandler ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) ( int , error ) { db , err := someDBcall () if err != nil { // This makes sense. return 500 , err } if user . LoggedIn { http . Redirect ( w , r , "/dashboard" , 302 ) // Superfluous! Our http.Redirect function handles the 302, not // our return value (which is effectively ignored). return 302 , nil } }
It's not terrible, but we can do better.
A Little Different
So how can we improve on this? Let's lay out some code:
package handler // Error represents a handler error. It provides methods for a HTTP status // code and embeds the built-in error interface. type Error interface { error Status () int } // StatusError represents an error with an associated HTTP status code. type StatusError struct { Code int Err error } // Allows StatusError to satisfy the error interface. func ( se StatusError ) Error () string { return se . Err . Error () } // Returns our HTTP status code. func ( se StatusError ) Status () int { return se . Code } // A (simple) example of our application-wide configuration. type Env struct { DB * sql . DB Port string Host string } // The Handler struct that takes a configured Env and a function matching // our useful signature. type Handler struct { * Env H func ( e * Env , w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) error } // ServeHTTP allows our Handler type to satisfy http.Handler. func ( h Handler ) ServeHTTP ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) { err := h . H ( h . Env , w , r ) if err != nil { switch e := err . ( type ) { case Error : // We can retrieve the status here and write out a specific // HTTP status code. log . Printf ( "HTTP %d - %s" , e . Status (), e ) http . Error ( w , e . Error (), e . Status ()) default : // Any error types we don't specifically look out for default // to serving a HTTP 500 http . Error ( w , http . StatusText ( http . StatusInternalServerError ), http . StatusInternalServerError ) } } }
The code above should be self-explanatory, but to clarify any outstanding points:
We create a custom Error type (an interface) that embeds Go's built-in error interface and also has a Status() int method.
type (an interface) that embeds Go's built-in error interface and also has a method. We provide a simple StatusError type (a struct) that satisfies our handler.Error type. Our StatusError type accepts a HTTP status code (an int) and an error that allows us to wrap the root cause for logging/inspection.
type (a struct) that satisfies our type. Our StatusError type accepts a HTTP status code (an int) and an error that allows us to wrap the root cause for logging/inspection. Our ServeHTTP method contains a type switch—which is the e := err.(type) part that tests for the errors we care about and allows us to handle those specific cases. In our example that's just the handler.Error type. Other error types—be they from other packages (e.g. net.Error ) or additional error types we have defined—can also be inspected (if we care about their details).
If we don't want to inspect them, our default case catches them. Remember that the ServeHTTP method allows our Handler type to satisfy the http.Handler interface and be used anywhere http.Handler is accepted: Go's net/http package and all good third party frameworks. This is what makes custom handler types so useful: they're flexible about where they can be used.
Note that the net package does something very similar. It has a net.Error interface that embeds the built-in error interface and then a handful of concrete types that implement it. Functions return the concrete type that suits the type of error they're returning (a DNS error, a parsing error, etc). A good example would be defining a DBError type with a Query() string method in a ‘datastore' package that we can use to log failed queries.
Full Example
What does the end result look like? And how would we split it up into packages (sensibly)?
package handler import ( "net/http" ) // Error represents a handler error. It provides methods for a HTTP status // code and embeds the built-in error interface. type Error interface { error Status () int } // StatusError represents an error with an associated HTTP status code. type StatusError struct { Code int Err error } // Allows StatusError to satisfy the error interface. func ( se StatusError ) Error () string { return se . Err . Error () } // Returns our HTTP status code. func ( se StatusError ) Status () int { return se . Code } // A (simple) example of our application-wide configuration. type Env struct { DB * sql . DB Port string Host string } // The Handler struct that takes a configured Env and a function matching // our useful signature. type Handler struct { * Env H func ( e * Env , w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) error } // ServeHTTP allows our Handler type to satisfy http.Handler. func ( h Handler ) ServeHTTP ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) { err := h . H ( h . Env , w , r ) if err != nil { switch e := err . ( type ) { case Error : // We can retrieve the status here and write out a specific // HTTP status code. log . Printf ( "HTTP %d - %s" , e . Status (), e ) http . Error ( w , e . Error (), e . Status ()) default : // Any error types we don't specifically look out for default // to serving a HTTP 500 http . Error ( w , http . StatusText ( http . StatusInternalServerError ), http . StatusInternalServerError ) } } } func GetIndex ( env * Env , w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) error { users , err := env . DB . GetAllUsers () if err != nil { // We return a status error here, which conveniently wraps the error // returned from our DB queries. We can clearly define which errors // are worth raising a HTTP 500 over vs. which might just be a HTTP // 404, 403 or 401 (as appropriate). It's also clear where our // handler should stop processing by returning early. return StatusError { 500 , err } } fmt . Fprintf ( w , "%+v" , users ) return nil }
… and in our main package:
package main import ( "net/http" "github.com/you/somepkg/handler" ) func main () { db , err := sql . Open ( "connectionstringhere" ) if err != nil { log . Fatal ( err ) } // Initialise our app-wide environment with the services/info we need. env := & handler . Env { DB : db , Port : os . Getenv ( "PORT" ), Host : os . Getenv ( "HOST" ), // We might also have a custom log.Logger, our // template instance, and a config struct as fields // in our Env struct. } // Note that we're using http.Handle, not http.HandleFunc. The // latter only accepts the http.HandlerFunc type, which is not // what we have here. http . Handle ( "/" , handler . Handler { env , handler . GetIndex }) // Logs the error if ListenAndServe fails. log . Fatal ( http . ListenAndServe ( ":8000" , nil )) }
In the real world, you're likely to define your Handler and Env types in a separate file (of the same package) from your handler functions, but I've keep it simple here for the sake of brevity. So what did we end up getting from this?
A practical Handler type that satisfies http.Handler can be used with frameworks like net/http, gorilla/mux, Goji and any others that sensibly accept a http.Handler type.
type that satisfies can be used with frameworks like net/http, gorilla/mux, Goji and any others that sensibly accept a type. Clear, centralised error handling. We inspect the errors we want to handle specifically—our handler.Error type—and fall back to a default for generic errors. If you're interested in better error handling practices in Go, read Dave Cheney's blog post, which dives into defining package-level Error interfaces.
type—and fall back to a default for generic errors. If you're interested in better error handling practices in Go, read Dave Cheney's blog post, which dives into defining package-level interfaces. A useful application-wide “environment” via our Env type. We don't have to scatter a bunch of globals across our applications: instead we define them in one place and pass them explicitly to our handlers.
If you have questions about the post, drop me a line via @elithrar on Twitter, or the Gopher community on Slack.
Mohan was chained and abused for the past 50 years of his life.
Mohan, the world's 'unluckiest elephant', is finally home. The tusker was chained and abused for the past 50 years of his life, Wildlife SOS says.The 55-year-old, who was rescued from Uttar Pradesh's Pratapgarh, has finally reached Wildlife SOS's Elephant Care Centre, Mathura on Thursday.Now in his final home, veterinarians and a dedicated team of experts has charted out a diet and treatment plan for Mohan, who is severely emaciated due to severe malnutrition and neglect."His digestive system has been severely compromised by worm infestation. His body is covered in wounds and his liver functioning is severely affected. With treatment equipment along with water baths, pools for hydrotherapy we are hopeful for his speedy recovery," said veterinarian Yaduraj Khadpekar."We appreciate the compassionate approach of the Lucknow High Court Bench who recognised the deteriorating condition of the elephant and issued necessary remedial orders to ensure his safety," said animal welfare organisation Wildlife SOS's co-founder Kartick Satyanarayan.He added that the Elephant Conservation and Care Centre in Mathura has necessary facilities to provide this elephant the care that he deserves.Mohan, along with Raju, another elephant which had been rescued by Wildlife SOS two years back from Allahabad, was caught as a calf and sold at Sonepur Cattle Fair in Bihar."Both Raju and Mohan were used as begging elephants. They were placed outside a temple or roadside, and people would throw money for receiving blessings from the elephant, through a gentle tap by its trunk on the customer's head," Suvidha Bhatnagar from Wildlife SOS told Indo-Asian News Service.
As a Brit who follows various leagues across the globe, I am once again left scratching my head over the USA defender Becky Sauerbrunn's omission from the very first FIFPro Women's World XI.
The FC Kansas City defender had an almost flawless 2015, winning the NWSL title for a second season in a row, the league honor for Best Defender, and of course the small matter of a World Cup winners medal.
But for Sauerbrunn, recognition for her efforts seems to be in short supply when it comes to the world stage.
[MORE: USWNT lead way with four on first Women's World XI]
She was omitted from the team of the tournament at the World Cup, despite being arguably the best defender from start to finish, while missing out on the FIFA World Player of the Year list of ten before it was cut to a final three.
This latest exclusion has left media and supporters in the US questioning why a player who backs up winning medals with impeccable professionalism, has been overlooked once again.
Well, I can assure you that it is not just in the US that people have been left slightly taken aback, and it's not just over Sauerbrunn either.
Seattle Reign and Scotland midfielder Kim Little is another notable absentee after yet another inspiring season for her club, while many over here in England believe Lucy Bronze should have been recognized for her remarkable 2015.
For the record, Bronze finished eighth in the voting in for defenders, and as for Little, when I posed the question to FIFPro as to whether she was close in the voting, their response was: “No, she was not close to selection.”
That is staggering when you think about her performances for her club and continuing influence for her country, but here in lies one of the problems – how difficult is it for players not involved in a World Cup to receive the recognition their performances at domestic level deserve?
The answer is very difficult, which is why we cannot be overly surprised by the way voting has weighed heavily towards those who performed at the World Cup.
How many people saw Little week in week out perform for Seattle? How many saw Lucy Bronze put in polished performances for Manchester City Women in the FAWSL? And how many saw Marta working her magic in Sweden's Damallsvenskan?
But it does work both ways.
How many people saw Aya Miyama gracefully gliding across the field in the Japanese Nadeshiko League? Probably not many outside of Japan, yet, she made the FIFPro XI team.
How much time, realistically, do players have to watch the games that are available to them, of which this number is probably quite small, to make a confident selection?
All of these factors must be taken into consideration, as well as the fact that this is the first FIFPro World XI, who have admitted publicly that this is something in development, with the first being a ‘pilot'.
The number of players surveyed was less than 400 from the Americas, Europe, Asia/Oceania and Africa, which when you consider the number of players playing in those regions, is a very, very small percentage. Less than 400 votes should not be seen as representation of the views of players from across the globe. As this team of the year becomes more recognized, there are sure to be more individuals throwing their votes into the ring.
[KASSOUF: How does Sauerbrunn keep getting snubbed?]
As for Sauerbrunn, we know how good she is, her teammates and coaching staff know how good she is, but most importantly, she knows how good she is, and no omission from a team like this is going to define her year or her importance to club and country.
It would be hypocritical of me to question the omission of certain individuals from the World XI, if I were not to pick my own. Feel free to scrutinize in the comments below.
Kieran's World XI:
Solo
Bronze
Sauerbrunn
Johnston
Renard
Lloyd
Henry
Little
Le Sommer
Hegerberg
Bachmann
More than half of Turkish parents do not want kids to have Syrian friends
ISTANBUL
REUTERS photo
More than half of a Turkish parents do not want their offspring to be friends with Syrian children, according to the results of a survey released on Nov. 24, although those in favor of such relationships suggested the interaction would pave the way for “cultural sharing.”The study carried out by GfK Turkey for the Platform for Protecting Children and Their Rights asked questions to 1,105 respondents aged between 15 and 65 in 26 Turkish provinces regarding the issues faced by Syrian adults and children in Turkey and possible solutions for their problems.Based on the survey, 57 percent of adults said they did not approve of their children being friends with Syrian children, while the rate for those who said “I approve” or “I certainly approve” stood at 28 percent.Strikingly, however, the percentage of Turkish parents who said they wanted their children to be in the same class as Syrian kids was higher than that of Turkish children on the question of whether they wished to be in the same class as Syrian peers.Asked about the best part of being in the same class as a Syrian child, 15 percent of parents listed new friendships, while another 15 percent pointed to the benefits of cultural interaction.Another 8 percent said their children might be able to learn a new language, while 7 percent said they did not think there would be a positive aspect to their children sharing the same class with Syrian children.Some 18 percent of students said cultural interaction was the best part of being classmates with a Syrian student. That argument was followed by “chance to form empathy” at 13 percent.When asked about the negative sides of being in the same class as Syrians, 26 percent of parents said there could be communication problems, although 9 percent argued there would not be any negative aspects.Some students, meanwhile, said there could be adaptation problems, while 2 percent said there could be cultural differences. Those who said there would not be any problems were 10 percent.When surveyors asked about the problems of Syrian children in Turkey, most respondents said education was the biggest problem. This was followed by problems of hunger and shelter.
On centralized vs decentralized ledgers
I can't count how many times I have heard that the Internet/Bitcoin, etc will “decentralize everything”, that there won't be any central powers left controlling networks or the means of production. Rarely do people think about decentralization's effects such as exponentially growing cost of upkeep, and diminishing marginal utility.
“Decentralization is not a goal in and of itself, it is a strategy”.
- Daniel Larimer from Bitshares
Decentralized vs Centralized
This is a profound realization, but still insufficient to create a new school of thinking about decentralization in the context of DACs and networks.
To expand our approach to building systems we need to create a new school of thinking about these problems. I propose the following loosely ordered ideas as starting points:
All formal systems, including DACs and networks are inherently Axiomatic .
. Axioms are the set of presupposed inherent truth used as the bedrock of any formal system. In the case of DACs and networks the axioms are not fully known. Therefore, through epistemology we have to think of axioms as known knowns, known unknowns, and unknown knowns (not taking into consideration unknown unknowns).
Therefore, through epistemology we have to think of axioms as known knowns, known unknowns, and unknown knowns (not taking into consideration unknown unknowns). Gödel's incompleten ess theorems apply to all formal systems, including DACs and networks. This means that systems can either be consistent or complete . Because we are dealing here with computers, obviously the system needs to be consistent, otherwise it could not be computed. Therefore, no system, no matter how intricately designed can be holistic/complete. The best we can do is relative consistency , which also means relative knowledge of the underlying axioms.
. Because we are dealing here with computers, obviously the system needs to be consistent, otherwise it could not be computed. Therefore, no system, no matter how intricately designed can be holistic/complete. The best we can do is , which also means relative knowledge of the underlying axioms. The end-state of all relatively consistent systems with infinite rounds (i.e. games) leads to a single winner, meaning the game will end in a zero entropy state (i.e. winner take all). This is true only in this very specific setup of relative consistency with potentially changing axioms and potentially infinite rounds.
(i.e. winner take all). This is true only in this very specific setup of relative consistency with potentially changing axioms and potentially infinite rounds. Games (i.e. relatively consistent systems with infinite rounds) can only be played by conscious entities.
Only consciousnesses have game theoretical utility values.
Consciousness is defined as a thing being differentiated from all else (the universe = U) and other (potential) consciousnesses; Time (entropy) is present; The thing having information about its own state as being separate from U; The thing being capable of computation.
Anything, which might also entail an axiom of the system, which does not fulfill all the above definitions of a consciousness is not a consciousness, and as such not a player. Therefore, that thing is just an axiom and can at most be a tool of one or several consciousnesses.
Any predetermined executive play between at least 2 players constitutes as contract. Contracts cannot exist without time delay in execution.
A trade is an executed contract through which at least 2 players get a higher utility value than before the trade. Other contracts are for semantics' sake not trade.
A market is set of contracts executed among at least 3 players.
Decentralization is a strategy for differentiation and specialization in a free market environment.
I believe that the above (most likely incomplete list) is a good starting point to think about decentralized systems and how to approach such system's design.
Story highlights Thousands protest against President-elect Vladimir Putin and his political allies
Some demonstrators veer off the agreed route and throw objects at authorities
State-media reports police "clubbed" some protesters; police deny using tear gas
More than 250 are arrested, including key opposition figures, police say
An anti-government protest in Moscow turned violent Sunday, with some demonstrators clashing with police after they veered off their agreed-upon route.
More than 250 people were arrested, including leading opposition figure Boris Nemtsov, leftist radical group leader Sergei Udaltsov and popular blogger Alexei Navalny, Moscow police told CNN.
They were among the thousands that descended on the Russian capital for the latest demonstration denouncing Vladimir Putin, the nation's current prime minister who was recently elected to a six-year term as president. He is set to be inaugurated Monday.
As they marched, many chanted slogans such as "Russia without Putin" and "Putin is a thief."
A large number of demonstrators did not follow the route to Bolotnaya Square that their leaders had agreed to with Moscow authorities, instead stopping in front of a line of police and refusing to move.
Clashes broke out, with some protesters throwing various objects -- including sticks and at least one flare -- at police.
JUST WATCHED Protesters clash with police in Moscow Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Protesters clash with police in Moscow 02:36
Authorities responded by "clubbing demonstrators" who briefly broke through police lines, the state-run RIA-Novosti news agency reported. One of its correspondents saw "a male protester out cold after clashing with officers," while another reported eight officers arresting one demonstrator "for the apparent crime of wearing a Guy Fawkes' mask," the symbol of the vigilante hacking group Anonymous.
Twenty officers were injured and three hospitalized in the clashes, according to RIA-Novosti, which added that those charged with assaulting police may face up to 10 years in prison if convicted. Itar-Tass, another official news agency, said four officers suffered cuts and wounds after having stones and bottles thrown at them and reporters.
Police denied that they used tear gas as had been reported, according to RIA-Novosti.
After the arrests, authorities slowly moved forward and moved everyone out of the area.
Many protesters expressed disappointment that the event was not peaceful, with some saying they were angry at those who they felt had provoked a confrontation with police.
Others who faced off with authorities voiced frustration that previous peaceful rallies had done little to forward their political aims.
In March, Putin won the country's presidential election with nearly 65% of the vote, claiming victory amid allegations by independent polling monitors of widespread electoral violations. International observers said there was legitimate uncertainty about the vote, with chess champion-turned opposition activist Garry Kasparov accusing Putin's supporters of "massive fraud."
Putin, the former KGB officer who has worked to both stabilize Russia's economy and curtail dissent, held the presidency for eight years before term limits forced him to step down in 2008.
His election followed a series of anti-Kremlin protests in the wake of disputed parliamentary elections that took place in December.
Episode 49: John Alvin
Kicking off the start of a new year, The Poster Boys dive into the work of the legendary poster art of John Alvin, who found notoriety as an artist at Intralink Film and Graphic Design before establishing Alvin & Associates with his wife Andrea in the early 1990s. From Blade Runner to Beauty and the Beast, Brandon and Sam look back on and discuss the process behind some of the most iconic film posters ever created between the mid-1970s all the way through the early 2000s.
The Poster Boys are now offering bonus episodes and exclusive content on Patreon in addition to their regular episodes. For these episodes plus much more exclusive bonus content, visit Patreon.com/theposterboys.
SHOW NOTES & LINKS
John Alvin Art
The Art of Andrea Alvin
ArtInsights Interview with John Alvin
ArtInsights Gallery - Alvin Originals
Titan Books Interview with Andrea Alvin
The Art of Movie Posters: Interview with Andrea Alvin
Amblin Road: Interview with Andrea Alvin
The Hidden History of the Jurassic Park Logo by Craig Caro
The Art of Bob Pepper
(CORRECTION: Bob Pepper did not recently pass away, as Sam said on the show; He has been passed away for a long while! We apologize for the goof, and recommend you check out his art nonetheless!)
Music selections: “Bass on Titles” theme; Remembering Childhood from HOOK (1991); The Goonies ‘R' Good Enough from THE GOONIES (1985).
Thank you to our patrons: Jay Shaw, Aschley Fish, Max A. Butler, Midnight Marauder, Makiko, Jacob Lindström, Matthew McCarthy, DRW, Scott Saslow, Matt McKee, Dafna Pleban, Robert Ewing, Juan Motoa, Tim Cook, Andrew Elmore, Daniel Mouton, Neven Udovicic, Logan Norris.
Follow Brandon Schaefer at @seekandspeak, and Sam Smith at @samsmyth.
Produced by Adrian Cobb
Support The Poster Boys on Patreon!
Objective Main object of this blog post is to give you an idea about what are normals, where are they used, locked v/s unlocked concept and reverse normals issues.
Step 1 Understanding of Normals
What is a Normal:In Computer graphics normal are direction or orientation of an object's surface toward light. Following is a example of how normals are seen in Maya.
Step 2 Setup of Normal
To view the normal in Maya, go to Normals >> vertex edit normals tool. Every vertex has its own normal. Normals define how model's surface will be affect by light source.
Normals also define the whether an polygon of given object will face outward or inward. Normals are also come to use when we need surface of an object look smooth or sharp.
See below for an example.
Step 3 Degree of Normals
3.1 Normal Unified
The Object on the left has its normal angle set at 180 degrees while the object on the right has its normal angle set at 0 degrees. In other words object on left has its normal unified and that is why it looks smooth. Object on left has its normal broken-up and that's why it looks sharper on adjacent edges.
3.2 Normal Broken-Up
Sometime what you can see of a model is its silhouette because of inverted normals or normals facing another side of camera.
Step 4 Reverse The Normals
How to reverse the normals
Select: Half Sphere >> display >> polygons >> Face normals
Here in above image objects normal are facing inside of it, hence you are not able to see it from outer side. Next, go to Normals >> Reverse
4.1 Flipped Normals
We can see in above image that all normals of all faces are flipped toward outside and now you can't see it from inside.
Step 5 Vertex Normal Edit Tool
Go to Normals >> vertex normal edit tool
In this example some normals of cylinder are going the outwards and the other couple of normals going the inwards. The vertices along the edges have two normals.
5.1 Direction Of Vertex Normal
To solve this uneven normals direction, right click of object >> select vertex face. Each face has its own set of four vertices. Click on one of the face vertices and you will see that on one side the vertices are reversed and on the opposite side they're going the right way.
5.2 To Solve Uneven Normal Direction
I hope you find this blog very helpful while working with Normals in Maya. Let me know in comment if you have any questions regarding Maya. I will help you ASAP.
Got an Idea of Game Development? What are you still waiting for? Contact us now and see the Idea live soon. Our company has been named as one of the best Game Development Company in India.
31st October, 2014 by Becky Paskin
Beam Suntory has blended Bourbon with Scotch whisky to create a new hybrid whisky offer named Jim Beam Kentucky Dram.
The new innovation from the US whisky group will be released as a travel retail exclusive come June 2015.
Jim Beam Kentucky Dram is described as a “premium Bourbon infused with Highland Scotch whisky”, which is bottled at 40% abv in one-litre bottles.
It is thought Kentucky Dram is the first product to combine Bourbon and Scotch whisky, and arrives after a string of hybrid spirit launches in recent months, including Grey Goose VX, Jinzu, Absolut Tune, Saar Gin and The One whisky.
Mariska van Beukering, marketing manager for Maxxium Travel Retail, told The Spirits Business: “Jim Beam Kentucky Dram is a premium Bourbon based on the legends which inspired Jacob Beam. This is the first of a new range, so each year we look forward to introducing something related to the legends that Jim Beam was created with.
“It's all about trading up,” she added. “We have the Jim Beam Signature Craft as the premium one in the range and Kentucky Dram will just build on that.”
While Van Beukering couldn't disclose the level of Scotch in the product, she remarked: “The Scotch definitely comes out in the taste”.
The expression will be rolled out through Beam Suntory's bolstered travel retail arm, which will separate from Maxxium Travel Retail in Europe come 1 April.
“We see growth for Jim Beam being tremendous with the line extensions we have for the flavours, which are building on the brand more and more. We see now consumers are moving now into something authentic, a little bit different.”
It will be presented in a unique gift box with the neck of the bottle poking out the top.
Jim Beam Kentucky Dram will retail for E34.99.
With the debate around anonymity for rape defendants resurfacing yet again, it is worth remembering that the UK had a long experiment with the policy not so long ago. When anonymity for alleged rape victims was introduced in 1976, it was accompanied by anonymity for defendants. The policy stayed in place until 1988 when the laws changed, strengthening anonymity for complainants and abolishing it for defendants.
In recent years, this decision to scrap defendant anonymity is often cited as proof that it must be a bad idea. For example, Willard Foxton here.
The Thatcher government – not generally known for its strong stand on women's rights – repealed it, because it had appalling consequences. Among other things, it meant that the public could not be warned when an accused rapist went on the run before conviction – as he was merely accused, he couldn't be named.
I was curious about this. The link leads to a dead internet article from prisoners' newspaper Inside Times. Through the Wayback Machine, I found the original, which quotes (then) Labour minister Maria Eagle in a letter:
Anonymity for defendants in sexual offence cases was repealed under the Criminal Justice Act 1988. It is important to note that the restrictions had caused practical difficulties: for example, if a man escaped custody before conviction, the police could not warn the public he was a suspected rapist unless the judge exercised his power to lift the reporting restrictions.
That is a pretty whopping “unless” right there [my emphasis]. It would also appear to be an entirely hypothetical scenario, there is no suggestion such a thing had ever actually happened. That made me wonder what the grounds actually were for the change in law in 1988. What ‘appalling consequences' had the policy led to? It proved a fascinating exercise, not least because of the way this debate has flipped around between radical progressives and conservative traditionalists.
When the 1988 Bill was passing through Parliament, there was a proposed amendment from Robin Corbett MP. He was the principled and decent left-wing Labour MP whose proudest accomplishment (as his 2012 obituary noted) was to sponsor the 1976 Sexual Offences (Amendment) Act, which provided anonymity for rape victims.
In the ensuing debate, Corbett explained why defendants had been included in the original amendment, and why he was proposing to retain that. The majority of rape victims were not raped by strangers, he noted, but by their partners or close friends. It would often be impossible to ensure a victim's anonymity if the defendant is identified. Corbett and those speaking in his support made clear what they believed to be the biggest problem at the time. As Labour colleague Gerald Bermingham MP put it:
The hon. Member has not read the new clause. He has avoided the central issue of the problem, which, to a large extent, lies with the sensationalising by the press of any major crime… Even before charge, details are given of the person detained in custody. Details of the offence are given, and the press is awash with the gory details of the allegation.
In other words, the argument being made in favour of retaining anonymity at the time were what we could broadly call pro-feminist – concerned with protecting rape victims and with concerns about the media sensationalizing sexual offence trials. At the division, those voting to retain anonymity for defendants included most left-leaning MPs, including any identifiably feminist women in the House, such as Gwyneth Dunwoody, Clare Short, Margaret Ewing and Maria Fyfe, who was shadow minister for women at the time.
It seems the entire Conservative party in the Commons voted to scrap anonymity for defendants. So what was their argument? As far as I can tell (sources here ,here, here and here) there was never any suggestion that there had been “appalling consequences” from introducing anonymity. There was a specific concern about a possible loophole through which a hypothetical escaped suspect might be protected from televised e-fits etc [the source of Eagle's point above] but no suggestion it had ever happened. There is not a single incident mentioned of miscarriages of justice arising, of escaped rapists who cannot be identified in the media or anything similar. Not one.
Instead, there seem to have been only one argument raised at the time, and it was the principle of open justice. It seems that those who opposed anonymity for defendants had probably also opposed anonymity for anyone. There is a lot of harrumphing that defendant anonymity had not been recommended by the 1975 Helibron Report and that the then Labour government had gone further than they should have. As far as I can tell, the argument was strictly a traditionalist one – this is simply not how we do things in this country.
Now I should stress, none of these changes the arguments around the merits or dangers of defendant anonymity in 2015. As I have argued before, it seems to me the best solution might be to begin proceedings with an assumption of anonymity but allow plenty scope for judges to waive that if there is any suggestion that it might aid the investigation and process of justice, including identifying potential additional victims (or runaway suspects, for that matter). But whatever.
The awkward truth, I think, is that this is an issue where there are genuinely good arguments on both sides. It just so happens that “it was abolished in 1988” is almost certainly not one of them.
List of books with polyamory, polyamorous themes, open-relationship themes, or relationship skills that apply to poly relationships. I have not read all of these books, so I don't vouch for their quality. If I do get around to reading one of these books & discover it's not really poly, I'll remove it from the list.The books I have read are reviewed on my blog at http://joreth.dreamwidth.org/tag/reviews%20(books) You might notice that the first 2 books are not in any order, the next several books are in alphabetical order, and then suddenly the rest of the list starts the alphabetical order over again. That's because the top roughly 2 shelves, before the alphabetical order starts over again, are my Top Picks and everything after that is just all the poly books I could find.Clicking on a book cover to see that book's description page has problems past the first "load more". For some reason, Listal removes the word "book" from some URLs. Each movie's address should read www.listal.com/book/book-title but if you click on a movie past the "load more" button, it says " www.listal.com//book-title" . So just type in the word "book" between the double // to get to that movie's description page.
The UFC has accomplished one of their goals with the signing of CM Punk - people are talking about it. Some fighters are supportive of the idea, while others are against it. Regardless of opinion though, Punk is getting media spots rarely given to most MMA fighters. The latest was doing the rounds at ESPN, which included an interview on ESPN MMA Live. And it was there that he elaborated on when his debut might take place. Spoiler - we're going to be waiting for a while:
"Are you gonna hold me to this? Is everyone gonna hold me to this? We're saying 2015, which is very vague, but that's kind of how we want to keep it right now. It's 100% up to me - when I feel like I'm as ready as I'm going to get, without pushing it to 2016. So it'll probably be, at the earliest, fall. Latest, you know, sometime around this time next year."
He also discussed the parallels between him and Brock Lesnar in terms of crossing over to MMA (he hasn't talked to him for a couple of months because Brock's in Saskatoon or something), and again emphasized that he hasn't picked a camp yet. The overarching theme of his answers was that he's just looking to prove people wrong and get past negativity, which is admirable enough. Either way though - he won't be in the octagon any time soon.
I ran the concept past Mick. “Vote DUP, you get the Tories. Vote Sinn Fein, you get the Tories anyway.”
All because of my impression that the DUP tend to vote with the Conservatives, and Sinn Fein's absentionism means that the Government of the day enjoys an artificially increased majority – their 4 MPs from 2015 to 2017 means that there were only 645 normal seats actually taken in the House of Commons (650 less the Speaker), and therefore 323 seats were needed for a majority instead of 325.
That, of course, was before the polls highlighted a resurgence in support for Labour, which raises the distinct possibility of the Conservatives failing to reach an overall majority.
So, am I a million miles off? Well… definitely not.
The Public Whip is my resource for this article. Their website has a comprehensive database of how every MP has voted in Westminster since 1997 – whether according to their party's whip (or the majority in their party), whether they were in the majority in the House of Commons, and whether they voted at all. Some interesting lessons are there to be learned.
To begin with, a statement about assumptions.
I have assumed that to all intents and purposes, the proportion of times an NI MP votes with the majority in the House of Commons is more or less the same as the proportion of times they vote with the Government. This is because:
The Government is rarely defeated in the House of Commons, so for these purposes I have assumed that every time a NI MP votes with the majority they are voting with the Government. At 3 votes since 2015, 6 under the coalition government, 3 under Brown and 4 under Blair, these aren't significant.
Private Members Bills rarely pass without Government support, so I've assumed that the Government is content with the result of all free votes and not adjusted the figures for these either.
As with all MPs, NI MPs act as tellers for votes. For simplicity, these instances and abstentions are excluded.
These figures include other non-whipped votes as well.
With all of these things, the number of times an MP votes with the Government may in fact be overstated.
Bear in mind that attendances before double-jobbing was banned were a lot worse, and the figures are only attendance at divisions. Participation in debates without a division are not included, and it does not therefore necessarily reflect daily attendance at Parliament.
Voting patterns and number of divisions
Number of divisions in each parliament
Parliament Government Number of divisions 1997-2001 Labour – Blair 1273 2001-2005 Labour – Blair 1246 2005-2010 Labour – Blair/Brown 1288 2010-2015 Conservative/Lib Dem – Cameron 1239 2015-2017 Conservative – Cameron/May 467
Voting patterns 1997-2001
Party Number of MPs % of votes with Government % of votes attended DUP 2.24* 15% 13% SDLP 3 40% 3% SF 2 N/A 0% UKUP 1 16% 6% UUP 9.76* 16% 21%
*Clifford Forsythe (UUP) succeeded by William McCrea (DUP)
Voting patterns 2001-2005
Party Number of MPs % of votes with Government % of votes attended DUP 5 15% 38% SDLP 3 75% 4% SF 4 N/A 0% UUP 5 20% 52% UUP/DUP* 1 15% 35%
*Jeffrey Donaldson. David Burnside and Martin Smyth also gave up the UUP whip for a time but rejoined later.
Voting patterns 2005-2010
Party Number of MPs % of votes with Government % of votes attended DUP 9 20% 37% SDLP 3 71% 23% SF 5 N/A 0% UUP 1 36% 26%
Voting patterns 2010-2015
Party Number of MPs % of votes with Government % of votes attended Alliance 1 29% 51% DUP 8 30% 43% Independent 1 25% 37% SDLP 3 14% 44% SF 5 N/A 0%
Voting patterns 2015-2017
Party Number of MPs % of votes with Government % of votes attended DUP 8 71% 53% Independent 1 35% 63% SDLP 3 5% 66% SF 4 N/A 0% UUP 2 61% 64%
It actually shows up something I wasn't expecting. I correctly anticipated that the DUP was primarily voting with the Government in the 2015-17 Parliament, but I didn't expect to find that they were voting against the Coalition from 2010-2015 in much the same proportions even allowing for differences in policy between the relevant parties.
So, back to my hypothesis. Is a vote for the DUP a vote for the Conservatives? On the strength of the statistics for every Parliament except the Coalition, the answer is apparently yes, and the same goes for the UUP, although not as much, even during the UCUNF period.
And is a vote for Sinn Fein a vote for the Conservatives? Well, half a vote, because every other Sinn Fein MP thereafter who doesn't take their seat is one more vote the Government doesn't need to worry about beating.
In the end, therefore, while Alliance, DUP, SDLP and UUP will all vote according to their declared party policies, and similarly with Lady Hermon, with the inherent pragmatism where all our parties and Independents are free to support the Government against the trends when it matches party policy, the general position remains that the Unionist parties will support the Conservatives, and everyone else will not.
The difference is that Sinn Fein's abstentionism will make life easier for a Government which either has a very slim majority or is otherwise relying on smaller parties to prop them out – and that Government may not be to their taste at all.
Amazon UK customers would do well to be vigilant about the post-holiday deals they find on the retail site following the discovery of a sophisticated scam.
A rogue merchant, called Sc-Elegance, is primarily offering high-end electronics, advertising them as "used – like new" at significantly lower costs than in the shops. However, when the shopper adds the item to their basket and checks out, it redirects them away from Amazon to make the payment at a convincing phishing site.
"This particular seller has been reported a number of times to Amazon in its forums," according to Lee Munson, a researcher for security and privacy advice and comparison website Comparitech.com. "While Amazon has taken some action to remove listings, the merchant keeps popping up again and again under different guises.
"Customers need to be aware that if they pay for goods outside of Amazon, they will not get the item and their money will be gone – and there will be no support from Amazon in getting compensation," he warned.
Amazon removed the Sc-Elegance listings after being contacted by Comparitech.com about the rogue seller. Similar scams along the same lines might easily reappear. Comparitech.com advises consumers to be wary of deals that seem too good to be true. Never buy a product that requires payment outside of the official Amazon website or app, Comparitech.com further advises in a blog post covering the scam in more depth here. ®
Share
tweet
Sept. 4, 2014 – McAfee Labs today released the McAfee Labs Threats Report: August 2014, revealing that phishing continues to be an effective tactic for infiltrating enterprise networks. McAfee tested business users' ability to detect online scams, and uncovered that:
80% of its participants failed to detect at least one of seven phishing emails
88% of surveyors in Accounting, Finance and HR departments, those holding some of the most sensitive corporate data, performed the worst at detecting scams fell for at least one of the seven phishing emails
McAfee Labs has identified more than 250,000 new phishing URLs, totaling almost one million new sites in the past year. Each quarter, the McAfee Labs team of more than 400 multidisciplinary researchers in 30 countries follows the complete range of threats in real time, identifying application vulnerabilities, analyzing and correlating risks, and enabling instant remediation to protect enterprises and the public.
Results Show Finance and HR Departments, Which Hold Sensitive Corporate Data, Performed Worst.
August 2014, revealing that phishing continues to be an effective tactic for infiltrating enterprise networks. Testing business users' ability to detect online scams, the McAfee Phishing Quiz uncovered that 80% of its participants failed to detect at least one of seven phishing emails. Furthermore, results showed that finance and HR departments, those holding some of the most sensitive corporate data, performed the worst at detecting scams, falling behind by a margin of 4% to 9%.
Since last quarter's Threats Report, McAfee Labs has collected more than 250,000 new phishing URLs, leading to a total of nearly one million new sites in the past year. Not only was there an increase in total volume, there was a significant rise in the sophistication of phishing attacks occurring in the wild. Results showed both mass campaign phishing and spear phishing are still rampant in the attack strategies used by cybercriminals around the world. Meanwhile, the United States continues to host more phishing URLs than any other country.
“One of the great challenges we face today is upgrading the Internet's core technologies to better suit the volume and sensitivity of traffic it now bears,” said Vincent Weafer, senior vice president for McAfee Labs. “Every aspect of the trust chain has been broken in the last few years—from passwords to OpenSSL public key encryption and most recently USB security. The infrastructure that we so heavily rely on depends on technology that hasn't kept pace with change and no longer meets today's demands.”
Findings also revealed new cybercrime opportunities since the public disclosure of the Heartbleed vulnerability, as stolen data from still vulnerable websites is currently being sold on the black market. Lists of unpatched websites have quickly become hit lists for cybercriminals and tools are readily available to mine unpatched sites. With these tools, it is possible to tie together an automated system that targets known vulnerable machines and extracts sensitive information.
Each quarter, the McAfee Labs team of more than 400 multidisciplinary researchers in 30 countries follows the complete range of threats in real time, identifying application vulnerabilities, analyzing and correlating risks, and enabling instant remediation to protect enterprises and the public.
Additional Key Findings
Operation Tovar : McAfee joined global law enforcement agencies and others to take down Gameover Zeus and CryptoLocker by blocking more than 125,000 CryptoLocker domains and sinkholing in excess of 120,000 Gameover Zeus domains. However, copycats are on the rise, creating new variants of ransomware or financial-targeting malware using the leaked Zeus source code.
: McAfee joined global law enforcement agencies and others to take down Gameover Zeus and CryptoLocker by blocking more than 125,000 CryptoLocker domains and sinkholing in excess of 120,000 Gameover Zeus domains. However, copycats are on the rise, creating new variants of ransomware or financial-targeting malware using the leaked Zeus source code. Growth in Malware : New malware samples rose by only 1% in the second quarter. However, with more than 31 million new samples, this was still the largest amount recorded in a single quarter. The total count of mobile malware increased by 17% in the second quarter, while the rate of new malware appears to have leveled off at about 700,000 per quarter.
: New malware samples rose by only 1% in the second quarter. However, with more than 31 million new samples, this was still the largest amount recorded in a single quarter. The total count of mobile malware increased by 17% in the second quarter, while the rate of new malware appears to have leveled off at about 700,000 per quarter. Network Threats : Denial of service attacks rose by 4% in the second quarter and remain the most prevalent type of network threat.
To read the full McAfee Labs Threats Report: August 2014 with a complete list of findings, please visit: http://www.mcafee.com/
Senate Minority leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) urged Republicans hoping to repeal President Obama's health care law, Jan. 4, to show Democrats what the alternative would be first. (Reuters)
It was no small feat for Republicans to suffer an embarrassing public defeat on the very first day of the new Congress, but they managed to do it by first voting to gut the Office of Congressional Ethics, then reversing themselves within hours after a public outcry and a spate of bad press. This is likely to be a Democratic talking point for a long time to come (“The first thing Republicans did was try to destroy the ethics office!”).
But more than a mere embarrassment, it points the way for Democrats to win the most important battle of the opening year of the Trump administration: the one over repeal of the Affordable Care Act.
Let's begin with what happened with the OCE. Republicans in the House had something they wanted to do: Remove the threat of pesky ethics investigations. They had the votes to do it, so they did, in the belief that the political fallout would be limited enough to make the whole thing worthwhile. What they didn't count on was that the news media would be drawn to the story and give it front-page treatment, or that Democrats, liberal organizations, and individuals using social media would quickly mobilize to get people to contact their representatives to express their outrage.
And it worked. TV news and newspaper headlines all attributed the reversal to Donald Trump's supposedly heroic tweet on the subject, which didn't even oppose the move, just its timing. But in reality, as reporters working Capitol Hill reported, what really turned the tide was the public backlash, namely the flood of angry phone calls and emails to Republicans' offices complaining about the move to gut the OCE. Republican members got spooked enough to quickly reverse themselves.
It was a demonstration of a time-honored principle, that politicians live in a constant state of terror, and what they're terrified of is the public's displeasure. Make that displeasure large and visible enough, and they'll abandon even initiatives they care deeply about.
Which brings us to ACA repeal. There's something rather remarkable happening right now: Republicans are essentially pushing the throttle all the way forward on the repeal train before they've even laid the track that will take them to their destination — and to boot, they don't know what that destination is. On one hand, they've made a commitment to their base to repeal the law, a commitment they feel is impossible not to fulfill. But they're beginning to understand that it's easy to say you'll do that when you don't have to be responsible for the consequences. And in this case, the consequences will be absolutely catastrophic, starting with kicking at least 12 million people off Medicaid and leaving out in the cold another 9 million who can only afford the coverage they get through the exchanges because of the substantial subsidies they get.
Republicans hope that eventually their version of the health insurance system will bring down the cost of coverage so much that some day those 21 million people will be able to afford to buy coverage on their own. Almost everyone who knows anything about this subject understands that hope to be wildly optimistic at best, if not utterly ludicrous. But even if Republicans are right, it would take years, years in which those millions would be without coverage.
Meanwhile, a gigantic political threat looms over them. Toss all those millions of Americans off their insurance, and the news will be filled with horror stories of people who found themselves without coverage because of what Trump and the Republicans did. People will suffer. People will die. And they won't be able to blame it on Barack Obama.
Which is why Republicans can't figure out what to do. Many of them are advocating a “repeal and delay” strategy, under which they'll repeal the law now and figure out later what to replace it with. Even conservative health wonks say that's crazy, partly because the individual insurance market would probably collapse as insurers fled even before the repeal took effect. While they try to figure out what they'll replace the ACA with, Republicans are piling up promises they can't keep, saying that “no one” will be worse off under that as-yet-nonexistent replacement. Those pledges are preposterous, and should be used to demonstrate just how disastrous the Republicans' plans are.
Which brings us to the Democrats, and how they can derail the repeal train before it plows through the American health care system and destroys untold numbers of lives. Here are some things they need to do:
Show Americans what they'll lose. It's a fundamental truth of life and politics that we're much more highly motivated by losing something than we are by gaining something (psychologists call this “loss aversion”). But most people don't know exactly what “Obamacare” is in its particulars and what they stand to lose under repeal. So those losses need to be the focus of Democrats' attention: the millions who'll lose coverage, the millions whose pre-existing conditions will make them vulnerable once again, the seniors who won't be able to afford their medications. When Democrats talk about this issue, they don't need to bother trying to convince people that Obamacare is great; they need to focus on the specific harms repeal will do.
Act locally. As the ethics office story showed — and as the Tea Party knew well — people contacting their members of Congress, and getting in their faces when they're at home in their districts, is incredibly powerful. Members need to feel afraid of their constituents, to raise the political cost of repeal above the ideological satisfaction they'll get from it. Activists need to find out exactly how many people in every district and state will be affected by repeal, and make sure their representatives know it too.
Tell the stories. There are millions of people who have been helped by the ACA, and who stand to lose everything if it disappears. Tell those stories. Spread them on social media. Get them on the news.
Build a coalition. The American Medical Association, a reliably conservative group that claims to speak on behalf of the nation's doctors, just released a letter to Congress arguing that a replacement plan must be presented before the ACA is repealed, and insisting that “it is essential that gains in the number of Americans with health insurance coverage be maintained.” Last month the American Hospital Association issued a similar appeal, warning that the nation's hospitals stand to lose hundreds of billions of dollars if the law is repealed.
Then there's that most terrifying of constituencies, senior citizens. Once they learn that repealing the ACA means reopening the “donut hole” in Medicare's prescription drug coverage, potentially costing them thousands of dollars for the medications they rely on, they aren't going to be too happy, either. Republican members of Congress should hear from as many directions as possible that they're courting disaster.
Don't compromise. For six years, Democrats have said to Republicans, “Sure, the ACA isn't perfect, so why don't we fix the specific parts of it that could work better?” Republicans refused, insisting that it had to be repealed completely. Democrats need to take a similar line now, namely that they'd be happy to work with Republicans to address specific health care reforms, but only once repeal is off the table. They can't negotiate the details while Republicans are holding a gun to the heads of tens of millions of Americans.
Even though Republicans have control of both houses of Congress and the White House, and insist that repealing the ACA is their highest legislative priority, this is a battle Democrats can absolutely win. Whatever repeal plan Republicans come up with will give them all the ammunition they need. And they only have to convince three Republicans in the Senate (where the split is 52-48 in favor of the GOP) to put the brakes on repeal, and the battle is over, for now, at least.
That's achievable if Democrats keep in mind that fighting Trump and the Republicans isn't about venting their anger or doing whatever makes them feel good. It's a practical task with discrete components that have to be planned and executed. This could be the most consequential battle of the entire Trump presidency, and it starts right now.
What a year, what a year. So much has happened to me in such a short time, both marvelous and dreadful. On the flight back home, lack of sleep made me end up staying awake, listening to Frank Sinatra and staring at a gorgeous scene of abundant stars. I think that's when I realized that I had such a very lovely time all year round, it's just easier to get sucked into your problems in the moment. You can never just have adventure without a few bumps that you learn from and to showcase this, here are my wins and fails of the past year:
Win – Traveling
2016 really did spoil me in it's second half with all the traveling I got to do, probably because I spent the first few months complaining about how I was lacking in the adventuring department. But the universe heard my pleas and all in a few months, I found myself in Munich, Paris, Barcelona, Brussels, Maastricht, and ultimately my favorite, several cities in Latvia! Heck, I even got to see the pyramids this year which is slightly embarrassing to say considering I am an Egyptian that's been around for 19 years.. Regardless, I would lie and say my wanderlust was appeased but that would be an absolute lie. For more pictures on my travels have a look at my blog sidebar or better yet, follow me on Instagram.
Fail – Sour Note
This semester has definitely been rough on me emotionally (I feel like I've been saying this every semester), a lot of other random events seemed to also take a toll on me through out the last months of the year. My ceiling fell at some point, you know, the normal stuff.
It's just that I lost sight of what I'm grateful for in life and it was just much easier to be engulfed in self pity rather than go through the process of attempting to make myself happy when I was already tired of university and other things. Truth is, back in high school, I never thought about who I am as a person or my identity and after moving out, I ignored it some more. It's really not something you can just push back and It's also definitely not something that comes without struggle. Through this I've found out more about myself and the people around me, and even why I love my major so much!
Win – Friendship
With the years ups and downs and as corny as it sounds, I wouldn't know what I would have done without the lovely people around I have the pleasure of calling friends. I consider myself rather blessed to have people who care for me and feed me when I am too distracted to take care of myself. Before, I never would have thought that I would meet people that would drive me all the way to another country for a Harry Potter Expedition.
Win – First Times
2016 was definitely a year full of new experiences, from my first concert to seeing snow for the very first time to a business trip to colorful Holi festivals. To another year and seeing more and more every day!
Fail- Blog
Sigh, yeah. My blog has been pretty much abandoned for a few long months. But of course, it's not about not having time, it's about prioritizing and sadly, the site over the course of the last year was not given primacy at all. I'm going to be doing a lot of major changes to the site from now on and I hope I start posting more frequently!
Win – Job Opportunity
I got a pretty great marketing job this semester, it was with a major German company and I was super stoked to start with them since it would give me a lot of work experience, I also managed to keep my hopes rather low through the entire process..
Fail – It Didn't Work Out
Yeah.. due to my university schedule, it didn't quite work out. Still gave me plenty of experience in applying!
Win – Passed One Year Mark in Germany
It's actually the strangest feeling ever knowing that I've been in Germany for more than a year now, knowing that ever since I've moved out from home, I've taken the same route to university for an entire year. It seems much longer but it also passed by ridiculously fast. Honestly, it's been much harder than I say it has but I've stuck it out and the result, I think, has been really worth it!
Fail – Balancing
Ah, the constant struggles of a university student on the quest of finding balance in life in terms of all kinds of things like: health, classes, work, money, family.. the list goes on and on. Many a time this year I would an absolute wreck in managing everything because there's just so much repeatedly happening all at once, focusing on one thing would inevitably lead to the fall of another factor I wasn't previously thinking of. Nonetheless, that's what growing up is about, learning what you want to prioritize through trial and error.
Win – Christmas
I've never really got to experience a proper, western Christmas until this year which definitely helped end the year at a very high note. I practically dragged friends across several cities to any and all Christmas markets around, that combined with listening to Christmas music every morning with breakfast, made for a very cheery close on 2016.
This post was inspired by one written by Heart My Backpack, a super interesting travel blogger!
Happy new year!
WASHINGTON ― Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's unprecedented refusal to promise to respect the outcome of the election won't matter once the votes are counted, Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine said Thursday.
“Whether or not he concedes is probably irrelevant. The question is: Is the mandate clear on the 8th of November?” Kaine, a Virginia senator, said on CNN. “Donald is still going to whine if he loses, but if the mandate is clear, I don't think many people will follow him.”
As Election Day has drawn nearer, Trump has repeated false claims that the contest is “rigged” and that widespread voter fraud will result in a victory at the polls for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
During the debate Wednesday, Fox News' Chris Wallace twice asked Trump whether he would vow to accept the outcome of the race. The candidate refused to do so, flouting an unbroken tradition in American society. “I will tell you at the time. I'll keep you in suspense, OK?” Trump said.
Kaine described Trump's response as a “shocker,” and said the GOP nominee is undermining American tradition.
“The peaceful transfer of power is a pillar of our nation's democracy,” he said. “And after an insult-driven campaign where Donald has insulted virtually everybody, now he's trying to pull the central pillar down.”
Donald is still going to whine if he loses, but if the mandate is clear, I don't think many people will follow him. Sen. Tim Kaine (Va.), Democratic vice presidential nominee
That won't fly with voters, Kaine said.
“We do have a concern, but we also have confidence in the American public,” he said. “We're confident in the American public that they will accept the outcome of this election, just as they have in elections time after time in this country.”
“It is a pillar of our country, and it's not just a pillar because presidents follow the tradition,” Kaine added. “It's also a pillar because the electorate follows the tradition, and we have no reason to believe that when the dust settles on Nov. 9 that they will not follow what we have done in every preceding presidential election.”
If the polling to date is accurate, Trump faces a loss and possible Clinton landslide that would make conceding obligatory. According to the HuffPost Pollster average, Clinton leads Trump 48.3 percent to 41.2 percent in a two-person race, and Clinton has a 95.7 percent chance of winning the election.
prodiG Profile Blog Joined January 2010 Canada 2014 Posts Last Edited: 2011-08-14 15:40:59 #1
Antiga Shipyard TE (Tournament Edition)
Blizzard is known for making buggy maps and Antiga Shipyard is no exception. What I've done with Antiga Shipyard Tournament Edition here are a few small fixes as well as a small aesthetic update to differentiate the two and prepare this map for inevitable tournament use.
Blizzard is known for making buggy maps and Antiga Shipyard is no exception. What I've done withhere is a few small fixes as well as a small aesthetic update to differentiate the two and prepare this map for inevitable tournament use. Published as "iCCup Antiga Shipyard TE
Antiga Shipyard TE (Tournament Edition
Link to Ladder version of Antiga Shipyard.
Changes from original
Siege Tanks can no longer hit the Vespene Geysers by shooting across the gap from 3rd expansion to main base
I felt this was a significant issue with the ladder version of Antiga Shipyard. In the tournament edition, mains and thirds have had the gap slightly increased, doodads have been added and the geysers have been slightly adjusted to prevent tanks from being able to shoot across. All chunks of terrain removed from the main to increase the gap were added elsewhere to maintain the same original size. The Command Center's position at the third expansion remains identical as well.
Supply Depots added below main base's ramps
This seems to be a staple in medium sized tournament maps. Lowered supply depots prevent bunker and pylon wall-ins .
Aesthetic updates
+ Show Spoiler [Aesthetic updates] +
Gold base highlighted
Oil spilling out of broken ground pipes
Awesome red doodads that are totally sick and wicked baller Gold base highlightedOil spilling out of broken ground pipesAwesome red doodads that are totally sick and wicked baller
I couldn't publish a map with sprucing it up a little bit I also wanted to make the Tournament Edition visibly different from the original.
I felt this was a significant issue with the ladder version of Antiga Shipyard. In the tournament edition, mains and thirds have had the gap slightly increased, doodads have been added and the geysers have been slightly adjusted to prevent tanks from being able to shoot across. All chunks of terrain removed from the main to increase the gap were added elsewhere to maintain the same original size. The Command Center's position at the third expansion remains identical as well.This seems to be a staple in medium sized tournament maps. Lowered supply depots prevent bunker and pylon wall-ins .I couldn't publish a map with sprucing it up abitI also wanted to make the Tournament Edition visibly different from the original.
This didn't take me too long to slap together and I definitely feel that the community should be using proper versions of maps if they're going to use Blizzard maps. If you are a tournament organizer or know one who is intending on using Antiga Shipyard, please make sure they use this version!
iCCup Mapmaking Team
For over a year, the iCCup Mapmaking Team has been at the front lines of SC2 custom melee map creation. Pushing the game to its limits has brought the attention of This didn't take me too long to slap together and I definitely feel that the community should be using proper versions of maps if they're going to use Blizzard maps. If you are a tournament organizer or know one who is intending on using Antiga Shipyard, please make sure they use this version!For over a year, the iCCup Mapmaking Team has been at the front lines of SC2 custom melee map creation. Pushing the game to its limits has brought the attention of SteelSeries who is now sponsoring the team! Huge shoutouts to SteelSeries for their support ESV Mapmaking Team || http://twitter.com/prodiGsc || Real talk, I don't have time to sugar-coat it for you sir
prodiG Profile Blog Joined January 2010 Canada 2014 Posts #2
Poll: Should this map have forced spawns?
No, random spawns only (207)
77%
Yes, cross positions only (61)
23%
268 total votes (207)77%(61)23%268 total votes Your vote: Should this map have forced spawns? (Vote): Yes, cross positions only
(Vote): No, random spawns only
Personally I believe that this map (after the changes made to the third base) is perfectly fine with the random spawns and the destructible debris on the third base. Chime in! Since there is always the debate for Blizzard maps, let's get some community feedback:Personally I believe that this map (after the changes made to the third base) is perfectly fine with the random spawns and the destructible debris on the third base. Chime in! ESV Mapmaking Team || http://twitter.com/prodiGsc || Real talk, I don't have time to sugar-coat it for you sir
FlopTurnReaver Profile Blog Joined January 2010 Switzerland 1927 Posts #3
Nice changes, although I'd have preferred to just not seeing any of the Blizzard maps in tournaments at all Wow you're allowed to do that?^^Nice changes, although I'd have preferred to just not seeing any of the Blizzard maps in tournaments at all Check out @MapOfTheMonth on Twitter and under http://bit.ly/motmorg
prodiG Profile Blog Joined January 2010 Canada 2014 Posts #4 On August 14 2011 04:29 FlopTurnReaver wrote:
Wow you're allowed to do that?^^
Nice changes, although I'd have preferred to just not seeing any of the Blizzard maps in tournaments at all Wow you're allowed to do that?^^Nice changes, although I'd have preferred to just not seeing any of the Blizzard maps in tournaments at all
I would too, but I'd hate it even more to see a broken version of a ladder map used. Hopefully this helps to dissolve that 8) I would too, but I'd hate it even more to see a broken version of a ladder map used. Hopefully this helps to dissolve that 8) ESV Mapmaking Team || http://twitter.com/prodiGsc || Real talk, I don't have time to sugar-coat it for you sir
Vansetsu Profile Blog Joined October 2010 United States 1274 Posts #5 This looks awesome, glad to see that positional part fixed, and I am always down for aesthetic improvements on maps ^^ Only by overcoming many obstacles does a river become - デイヴィ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ド
FlopTurnReaver Profile Blog Joined January 2010 Switzerland 1927 Posts #6 True true. How bout you fix Searing Crater next? Check out @MapOfTheMonth on Twitter and under http://bit.ly/motmorg
prodiG Profile Blog Joined January 2010 Canada 2014 Posts #7 On August 14 2011 04:33 FlopTurnReaver wrote:
True true. How bout you fix Searing Crater next? True true. How bout you fix Searing Crater next?
I chose Antiga Prime of the new ladder maps because I feel like it's the most tournament worthy of the four and I've seen a lot of support for the map being used in tournaments and leagues across the tubes. At first I was like "omfg no u idiets teh map is ba-roh-ken!!111" but I eventually pulled my head out of my ass and realized that I can fix it easily.
Searing Crater on the other hand I don't feel is tournament worthy at all and personally was a day-one veto I chose Antiga Prime of the new ladder maps because I feel like it's the most tournament worthy of the four and I've seen a lot of support for the map being used in tournaments and leagues across the tubes. At first I was like "omfg no u idiets teh map is ba-roh-ken!!111" but I eventually pulled my head out of my ass and realized that I can fix it easily.Searing Crater on the other hand I don't feel is tournament worthy at all and personally was a day-one veto ESV Mapmaking Team || http://twitter.com/prodiGsc || Real talk, I don't have time to sugar-coat it for you sir
monitor Profile Blog Joined June 2010 United States 2351 Posts #8 Looks good. Hopefully tournaments decide to use custom maps instead of Blizzard maps, but if they do, they should use this!
Colin Profile Joined May 2011 18 Posts #9 I must say those red doodads that you placed near the gold mineral bases are sick and wicked baller. This is entirely illogical.
The_Templar Profile Blog Joined January 2011 THE FUTURE 52439 Posts Last Edited: 2011-08-13 21:01:17 #10 On August 14 2011 04:36 prodiG wrote:
Show nested quote +
On August 14 2011 04:33 FlopTurnReaver wrote:
True true. How bout you fix Searing Crater next? True true. How bout you fix Searing Crater next?
I chose Antiga Prime of the new ladder maps because I feel like it's the most tournament worthy of the four and I've seen a lot of support for the map being used in tournaments and leagues across the tubes. At first I was like "omfg no u idiets teh map is ba-roh-ken!!111" but I eventually pulled my head out of my ass and realized that I can fix it easily.
Searing Crater on the other hand I don't feel is tournament worthy at all and personally was a day-one veto I chose Antiga Prime of the new ladder maps because I feel like it's the most tournament worthy of the four and I've seen a lot of support for the map being used in tournaments and leagues across the tubes. At first I was like "omfg no u idiets teh map is ba-roh-ken!!111" but I eventually pulled my head out of my ass and realized that I can fix it easily.Searing Crater on the other hand I don't feel is tournament worthy at all and personally was a day-one veto
My team of mapmakers (Composed of me, me and me) are working endlessly to fix searing crater. We (I) have almost come up with a solution
Edit: It involves turning the map into Crevasse. My team of mapmakers (Composed of me, me and me) are working endlessly to fix searing crater. We (I) have almost come up with a solutionEdit: It involves turning the map into Crevasse. Moderator I'm actually a
Mullet_Ben Profile Joined August 2011 United States 54 Posts #11 Very good job, but I'd like it if you'd fix the siege tank drop ledges in the mains. I understand that they are meant to help reapers, but putting a ramp on one side of them (either down from the main or up from the ground) would let reapers jump up the cliffs while allowing lings to access the ledges so siege tanks can't be dropped there.
prodiG Profile Blog Joined January 2010 Canada 2014 Posts #12 On August 14 2011 06:02 Mullet_Ben wrote:
Very good job, but I'd like it if you'd fix the siege tank drop ledges in the mains. I understand that they are meant to help reapers, but putting a ramp on one side of them (either down from the main or up from the ground) would let reapers jump up the cliffs while allowing lings to access the ledges so siege tanks can't be dropped there.
Is this a significant problem? I've never seen anyone use it for that, hmm Is this a significant problem? I've never seen anyone use it for that, hmm ESV Mapmaking Team || http://twitter.com/prodiGsc || Real talk, I don't have time to sugar-coat it for you sir
monitor Profile Blog Joined June 2010 United States 2351 Posts #13 On August 14 2011 06:04 prodiG wrote:
Show nested quote +
On August 14 2011 06:02 Mullet_Ben wrote:
Very good job, but I'd like it if you'd fix the siege tank drop ledges in the mains. I understand that they are meant to help reapers, but putting a ramp on one side of them (either down from the main or up from the ground) would let reapers jump up the cliffs while allowing lings to access the ledges so siege tanks can't be dropped there.
Is this a significant problem? I've never seen anyone use it for that, hmm Is this a significant problem? I've never seen anyone use it for that, hmm
It is a problem, but I think it's changing the map too much to do that. I like the small changes, but adding a ramp somewhere is a bit too far I think. It is a problem, but I think it's changing the map too much to do that. I like the small changes, but adding a ramp somewhere is a bit too far I think.
Xxazn4lyfe51xX Profile Joined October 2010 United States 468 Posts #14 On August 14 2011 06:02 Mullet_Ben wrote:
Very good job, but I'd like it if you'd fix the siege tank drop ledges in the mains. I understand that they are meant to help reapers, but putting a ramp on one side of them (either down from the main or up from the ground) would let reapers jump up the cliffs while allowing lings to access the ledges so siege tanks can't be dropped there.
I don't really see that much of a problem with the tank ledge. Sure it might be annoying, but it's in no way game-breaking... If you have mutas, there's really nothing that can defend the ledge properly. If it's late game with a good deal of mech and they have their army positioned on the low ground to protect their tanks, neurals on the tanks with infesters from the main would make for a very unhappy Terran ground army on the low ground. I don't really see that much of a problem with the tank ledge. Sure it might be annoying, but it's in no way game-breaking... If you have mutas, there's really nothing that can defend the ledge properly. If it's late game with a good deal of mech and they have their army positioned on the low ground to protect their tanks, neurals on the tanks with infesters from the main would make for a very unhappy Terran ground army on the low ground.
Mereel Profile Joined February 2010 Germany 891 Posts #15 u missed something.
right bottom third...the distance beetween the third and the other main is too close.
all other spots are correct TPW Mapmaking Team
WniO Profile Blog Joined April 2010 United States 2704 Posts #16 you guys really gotta stop with the whole fixing blizzard maps thing.
DroneAllDay Profile Joined April 2011 United States 140 Posts #17 What about the little cliff thing for tanks by the main and both golds seizable by the tower? Do those need fixing too? Don't pressure me please, I like my drones too much
Itisis Profile Blog Joined December 2010 Canada 79 Posts #18
Pic here:
+ Show Spoiler +
On the other bases, the pylon can't reach into the natural. Did you fix the bottom right spawn 3rd to natural pylon exploit?Pic here:On the other bases, the pylon can't reach into the natural.
MavercK Profile Joined March 2010 Australia 2165 Posts #19 looks good. Brood War Remake - SC2BW - http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=145316
TheAmazombie Profile Blog Joined September 2010 United States 3713 Posts #20 Wow, this does look good. I have to give it a shot, but overall I think that this should be done more often. The Blizz maps I think are overall sometimes interesting, but they need the bugs fixed and some good textures, so thanks for the effort. We think too much and feel too little. More than machinery, we need humanity. More than cleverness, we need kindness and gentleness. Without these qualities, life will be violent and all will be lost. -Charlie Chaplin
1 2 3 Next All
Of all the issues facing the world right now that the US government is concerned about, the sun may seem to be an odd one. But the White House is taking the threat of a massive solar eruption seriously. Late last month, it released a new, largely overlooked report outlining the risks of solar eruptions that strike the Earth — including the potential to cause massive, months-long power outages affecting upwards of 130 million people in the US alone, in one worst-case scenario. Still more troubling, the report — prepared by space weather experts from multiple government agencies — found that while the US is currently equipped with some of the best machinery for monitoring and forecasting such events, budget cuts over the next decade could put the country "at risk of losing critical capabilities that have significant economic and security impacts."
"The potential for the sun to unleash the big one is there."
"The potential for the Sun to unleash the big one is there," said Michael Bonadonna, the report's lead author and executive secretary for the National Space Weather Program, the agency in charge of coordinating these solar monitoring efforts. "It's not a question of ‘if?' but ‘when?' and ‘are we ready?'"
"The big one," that Bonadonna refers to is an extreme version of a regularly occurring type of solar event known as "coronal mass ejection," or CME, for short. Starting in the Sun's outer atmosphere (corona), a CME is a powerful blast of billions of tons of solar gas and parts of the Sun's magnetic field, which fly toward Earth at around a million miles an hour. Such CMEs thin out as they travel through space over days, and by the time they arrive at our planet, most of them go unnoticed, causing only relatively minor disturbances to our planet's own magnetic field.
Image of a large coronal mass ejection from the Sun in 2003. (Credit: NASA/ESA SOHO.)
Every 11 years, the sun enters its cyclical period of increased activity called solar maximum, raising the potential for CMEs up to every few days. During this time, there is a heightened chance of especially powerful CMEs with magnetic fields pointed in the opposite direction of Earth's. When one of these CMEs reaches our planet, it can cause a geomagnetic storm, ripping away part of Earth's own magnetic field in the atmosphere and rearranging it. These violent storms can last for days, and result in the beautiful sight of the Northern or Southern Lights (auroras), but can also damage several critical technological systems, including GPS, other satellites, airline radio communications and yes, electrical power grids on the ground. As it turns out, the Sun is expected to enter its period of increased activity this year, though so far, it's been a relatively quiet one.
Image of aurora borealis over the Midwest US (credit: NASA).
"Who uses space weather? Almost everyone."
The space weather prediction center at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association (NOAA) is in charge of forecasting the intensity of these events, using a scale from G1 to G5 (higher is worse), and warning all of the industries that might be affected. "The fact is, we're almost at a point where if you ask the question ‘who uses space weather services,' my answer is almost everyone," said William Murtagh, program coordinator for NOAA's space prediction weather center, also a coauthor of the new report. Murtagh pointed out that even the pipeline industry was at risk of being affected by solar events because pipelines themselves are electrically conductive.
Murtagh's job is to deliver space weather warnings, especially those of geomagnetic storms, to other industries in time for them to take action and avoid heavy damage. Because of that information, industries have managed to avoid damage to their systems from the lesser G1 to G4 storms that have occurred over the years. Murtagh said the success of this program explains why even when there are dire reports of solar flares and storms in the mainstream media, they often don't result in any perceivable damage to the public at large. "After the event happens, the media says 'nothing happened. But with space weather, something's always happening." When it comes to the G5, or "great geomagnetic storms," it's unclear that information alone would be enough to mitigate their effects. As Murtagh told The Verge, "We sometimes refer to them as ‘Space Weather Katrinas.'"
"we sometimes refer to them as ‘Space Weather Katrinas.'"
In order to forecast these events well in advance and alert those affected to get out of the way or turn equipment off, space weather experts rely on a long list of specialized instruments on the ground and in the sky, all of which could suffer maintenance issues if their budgets are slashed, as the report notes. But two are of particular importance: the SOHO spacecraft run by NASA and ESA, which contains coronagraphs, instruments capable of imaging the area of the Sun where CMEs are born. The other is a NASA spacecraft called the Advanced Composition Explorer (ACE), which is parked a million miles away from Earth in the direction of the Sun. ACE measures solar wind and can provide an hour's notice of a CME hitting the Earth.
The SOHO spacecraft before its launch in 1995. Credit: NASA/ESA SOHO.
"That's our warning buoy," Bonadonna said of the ACE spacecraft. "That's the fire alarm going off saying ‘get out of the house.'" Meanwhile, "if we were to lose that SOHO spacecraft, we lose that ability to forecast geomagnetic storms," Murtagh said. But while both spacecraft have been extremely reliable so far, they were launched in the mid- to late-1990s, and could give out at any time. A replacement spacecraft for ACE called DISCOVR is due to launch in 2014, and while several other craft have already been launched to succeed SOHO, none can provide its full capabilities.
"That's the fire alarm going off."
Meanwhile, studies have found that while massive geomagnetic storms are rare, they are a real and imminent risk, with as much as a 12 percent chance of one occurring in the next decade, according to some studies. The most recent geomagnetic storm to cause any significant damage to the Earth occurred in 1989, when one knocked out power for nearly the entire province of Quebec, Canada, plunging six million people into darkness for nine hours. For power grids, the danger comes from surges that can overload and permanently damage their equipment. It's this risk that space weather experts are most worried about. As the new White House-commissioned report notes, potential "consequences on the nation's power grid are even higher [than other industries], with potential costs of $1-2 trillion that could take up to a decade to completely repair."
Map of power outages in worst-case scenario of geomagnetic storm. Credit: "Too Important to Fail", Space Weather, 3, 2005/White House OSTP.
"The power distribution industry runs on a very fine line now," Bonadonna told The Verge. "They need to watch it [solar activity] very closely and make sure it doesn't become a problem. But they have done a very good job in the last several years of making improvements." Such improvements include systems to harden power grids and make them more resilient against power surges, and to identify which areas are more at risk. As it turns out, not all areas of the world are equally affected by a geomagnetic storm: power stations closer to the poles are at greater risk, as are those located in areas where the surrounding ground minerals are more electrically conductive.
"the consequences would be catastrophic to the nation."
There are two main camps when it comes to how big of risks a geomagnetic storm would pose to power companies . The worst-case scenario was first solidified in a 2008 report funded by NASA. It found that 365 high-voltage transformers out of a total 2,100 could be at risk if the most severe type of geomagnetic storm were to occur. "The conclusion was that the consequences would be catastrophic to the nation," Murtagh said. "There could be power outages extending from New England, down the mid-Atlantic coast, over to Chicago, affecting tens of millions, with recovery measured in months and years." Murtagh said that this 2008 report caught the attention of the White House and lawmakers in Congress, who called for the new report to be drafted.
But a 2011 report from the North American electrical grid industry organization NERC did not agree that there were this many transformers at risk during a massive geomagnetic storm. There may be some attempt to reconcile the difference in opinion soon, at an electrical grid security summit set for May 20th in Washington, DC.
Still, whatever happens, there's no telling when the next nightmare scenario might strike. It might be a G5 storm on the order of 1989 Quebec, or it might be worse: In 1859, the "Carrington event" was a geomagnetic storm so powerful it caused auroras as far south as Cuba and overloaded the dominant communications system of the time, the telegraph, shocking operators, sending sparks flying and even lighting some small fires. Fast forward 154 years, and the effects of a similarly sized solar storm would be far worse, say Murtagh and Bonadonna. "If you lose dozens of transformers or more and are dealing without power for months or even a year, that's a totally different challenge to society, to survive an outage like that," Murtagh said.
Media playback is not supported on this device GB women reach first Olympic hockey final
Great Britain guaranteed another Olympic medal as the women's hockey team reached their first final with a superb 3-0 win over New Zealand in Rio.
Alex Danson's double and Helen Richardson-Walsh's penalty stroke mean GB will win at least silver, improving on their bronze at London 2012.
They face the Netherlands, who are aiming for a third straight Olympic gold, in Friday's final at 21:00 BST.
Team GB have won 50 medals in Rio, more than at any other overseas Olympics.
"To fight for an Olympic medal is what gets us up every morning, let alone to be in a gold medal match," said Britain defender Crista Cullen, who came out of retirement in 2015.
"We are hugely proud of where we have got."
Britain has only won two Olympic women's hockey medals - both bronze - in 1992 and 2012.
GB's 'gold-medal mentality'
Britain, coached by Danny Kerry, began the Games having slipped to seventh in the world rankings following a disappointing Champions Trophy in June.
But they were the only team to progress from the Olympic group stage with a 100% record, beating Argentina and Australia - ranked second and third in the world respectively - on their way to the quarter-finals, where they overcame Spain.
"They have developed a gold-medal mentality," said former GB goalkeeper and BBC Sport analyst Simon Mason.
"They want nothing other than to take home gold. It has been incredible to watch.
"This changes the face of hockey, genuinely. To come on the Olympic stage and turn it on the way they have, with injuries, the strength, resilience, athleticism, maturity through this squad, has been a delight to watch."
Defence and Danson take Britain through
New Zealand, ranked fourth in the world, had the better opportunities in a goalless opening quarter.
However, Britain's leading scorer Danson opened the scoring when she prodded home, reacting quickest in a goalmouth scramble after the Black Sticks failed to clear a penalty corner.
Olivia Merry lashed wide for New Zealand before Susannah Townsend cleared off the goal-line as GB withstood pressure in the second and third quarters.
Failure to take those chances proved crucial as Britain scored two penalty strokes in the final quarter, despite losing Cullen and Georgie Twigg with head injuries.
Richardson-Walsh, taken out by Kayla Whitelock, flicked in to the keeper's right, and Danson converted from the spot after Lily Owsley was flattened by Liz Thompson.
Earlier, world number ones the Netherlands reached the final with a 4-3 shootout win over Germany after their semi-final finished 1-1.
They are aiming to become the first women's team to win three successive Olympic titles.
Media playback is not supported on this device Netherlands beat Germany on penalties to reach hockey final
'Seven out of seven is not too shabby'
GB goalscorer Helen Richardson-Walsh: "We didn't feel nervous; we were confident.
"They got chances but were never scoring and we were thinking that it was going to be our night."
GB head coach Danny Kerry: "What can I say? Seven games out of seven, not too shabby. The girls executed the game plan superbly. I am very, very proud of them all.
"But there's still one more game to go and they're going to keep their feet on the ground.
"I think the final will be a tight, cagey affair. The Netherlands have some talented players and they will probably start as red-hot favourites but we like it that way."
Analysis
GB Olympic hockey gold medallist David Faulkner on BBC Radio 5 live:
"I am speechless. You could see the sense of realisation on the girls' faces. Olympic finals do not come along like buses. They have earned their place in the final and everyone in the country should be proud of what they have done."
BBC Sport's Luke Reddy in Rio:
"From missing the opening ceremony for fear of standing up too long to imposing their own social media ban for the Games, this Great Britain side are focused to the core.
"That was evident as they soaked up pressure and took their chances expertly against a side higher in the global rankings.
"If rigid focus isn't enough to win gold, consider momentum. Along with a 100% record on the field, off the field Team GB's army of friends and family get louder and louder. You get the sense something special is happening.
"Team GB were flawless against New Zealand, but the Netherlands are the side everyone feared. Hitting an even higher level will be a necessity."
Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
ES Lifestyle Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Zeena Qureshi's dream is to ensure that extremists “have no place to hide”. The 26-year-old is the chief executive of Ananas, a new platform that is fighting radicalisation by “mapping ideologies”, providing a compass to navigate belief systems and using cryptocurrency to reward contributors.
Ananas, which is also a charitable foundation, uses a similar approach to Google and Facebook in terms of mapping how people think, except rather than using that to push ads, the idea is to help people to understand each other better. Its first mission is to create a “living Koran”, to combat both jihadist terrorism and Islamophobia.
“There's this question: ‘Is Islamic State Islamic?' There's no authoritative source to answer that,” says Qureshi. “A living Koran will make it easy to see what Islam actually is.”
Currently there are a number of Koran apps with different translations of the text. The Ananas platform, in contrast, will give information on each verse, explaining what different denominations believe, showcasing research and allowing users to search by a theme or word to see every mention of it in the Koran.
“It will expand and collapse — you'll be able to dive in with as much depth as you want and see it from different schools of thought and in different translations,” explains Qureshi. “You can even see it from a Sufi or non-Muslim perspective. We're trying to build a platform that provides context to subjective information.”
How will this help tackle extremism? “Information without context isn't knowledge. Extremists have so many people marketing for them online. They target vulnerable, isolated individuals. If these people are looking for answers, they need to come to a place where this information is outlined. Things like Charlottesville are happening because people don't have the information or understanding. Information feeds empathy.”
What about the more contentious Koranic passages? “You mean like ‘slay them wherever you find them?' The context isn't there. Right now you'll see lots of Muslims and they're not killing anyone. The reason extremists use [verses] out of context is that there's nowhere that gives [their extremist ideology] in one place. We will give all the information for those contentious verses so people can see how it was applicable historically, and how it is applicable today.”
And does she think IS is Islamic? “IS takes translations out of context for political gains. It's altruistic evil — they think what they're doing is right but they're twisting things. But I don't have the authority to state whether they're Muslim or not.”
The Koran is just the beginning. Ananas will expand to include more belief systems, including political ideologies. “This digital mapping could work for anything — philosophy, art. This way, everyone has a voice, and their voice has value.”
Ananas uses artificial intelligence to organise the data, and knowledge graphs to explore the relationships between different groups' beliefs, but the most innovative part is the cryptocurrency. Qureshi calls the Ananas token — the “Anacoin” — a “cryptocurrency for peace”.
“We want to give people a reward,” she explains. “If the value of the information goes up, the token will go up. You can use the cryptocurrency to sponsor a verse, gain rewards by moderating or adding information, and you can trade it. Whenever someone trades it, if it's gone up in value, half the proceeds go to the foundation, the other half goes into someone's pocket. People should be rewarded for the good things they do.”
The platform was the idea of Emad Mostaque, co-chief investment officer at the hedge fund Capricorn Fund Managers, who is also Qureshi's brother-in-law.
The Ananas team — three full-time, but 30 including advisers and volunteers — embodies the dialogue between different groups they are trying to encourage. The chief technology officer is Sikh, and the chairman Anglican. Qureshi, who is American but came to the UK to study history of art and material studies at UCL and has lived in London for the past eight years, calls herself a “hybrid”: “My Mum is Shia, my father is Sunni and I was raised in the Bible Belt. If I had a sleepover on Saturday I'd go to church with friends on Sunday. I wasn't a Christian but they hoped they could evangelise me! My friends are agnostic, Catholic, Jewish.”
But why is it called Ananas? “Pineapples were historically a sign of welcome for gatherings,” says Qureshi. “The word ‘ananas' is derived from ‘nanas', meaning ‘excellent fruit'. We usually don't take sides — we're about people coming to their own conclusions — but we do have a view on which is the most excellent fruit.”
anacoin.io
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Anti-LGBT activists want Trump to ban gay people from the military too.
The President sparked anger yesterday by announcing a ban on transgender people serving in the US military.
In a string of Twitter posts, the President claimed that the military “cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender would entail”.
The comments have caused considerable distress to the thousands of trans people already serving in the US armed forces, while the American Civil Liberties Union has vowed to challenge any enforcement of the policy.
However, anti-LGBT activists are already pushing Trump to go further, by overturning Barack Obama's 2013 decision to allow gay people to serve openly in the military.
Matt Barber, the editor of right-wing website Barbwire, added: “With male-on-male sexual assaults up 33% in the military since the Obama Administration homosexualized the armed forces, barring men in miniskirts should only be the first step. It's a no-brainer.
“It protects the privacy rights and safety of all troops. Next step? Prohibit all open sexual deviancy in the ranks of the armed services. The military is no place for extremist San Francisco-style socio-political activism.
“Such social engineering destroys national security, troop morale and unit cohesion. It also violates natural law, settled science, and God's moral law. President Trump did the right thing today by prohibiting those suffering from the gender dysphoria mental disorder.
“Individuals with other mental disorders and even flat feet cannot serve in the military. It's a privilege not a right.”
Trump associate Nigel Farage also spoke to an anti-LGBT commentator on his LBC radio show who wants to ban gay people from the military.
The commentator said: “The military is not a place for social experiment or emotional attachment to some issue. It's a fighting force, there to protect the country, uphold and defend the constitution.
“It's been my experience that anybody who is gay or women do not belong as frontline troops, they just cannot withstand the rigours of combat. There are some that cans, but there are very few ones. It's a policy that undermines unit cohesion and integrity.”
He added: “From what I've experienced, it's the disruption they create because they cannot control themselves, the majority of them, I would say. They will come onto a man, that interrupts the cohesion and integrity of the unit. Nobody trusts them and nobody likes them.
“Many [in the military] bit their tongue for a long time with all the politically-correct training we had to have, but I would say the vast majority of the military feel the same way I do.”
Some countries, like Israel, have a high fertility rate (2.67 children born per woman) and a young, rapidly growing population. In conrast, the fertility rate in Germany is 1.39 and falling. Traditionally, there is a sense that a shrinking population will stall economic growth. Smaller labor market. Fewer consumers.
Some countries, like Israel, have a high fertility rate (2.67 children born per woman) and a young, rapidly growing population. In conrast, the fertility rate in Germany is 1.39 and falling. Traditionally, there is a sense that a shrinking population will stall economic growth. Smaller labor market. Fewer consumers. More old people for the smaller working population to support.
Staying competitive in a global economy is a critical issue for any country, but supporting healthcare for an aging population with a shrinking GDP is a double-challenge.
Is Japan, with its low fertility rate, bucking this conventional wisdom?
Much has been written about Japan's shrinking population. The population stopped growing and flattened at 127 million since 2006, but by 2050 it will shrink to 90 or 110 million, depending on which projections you believe. Interestingly, the working age population is already in decline. It fell from 85 million to 80 million in the past 10 years (the 65+ group increased from 24 to 30 million in the same period).
There is much discussion about this demographic drag on GNP, and how to motivate Japan's women to bear more than 1.13 children. But none of the strategies have worked so far. Hence, the inevitable debate over whether Japan should encourage immigration, whether this homogeneous culture can become a melting pot. So far, the government hasn't embraced immigration.
There are alternate ways to look at this demographic situation. The research paper The Economic Impact of the Black Death (David Routt, 2010) looks at the Bubonic Plague, which decimated 1/3 of Europe's population in the 14th century. Many studies focused on the physical, social, and cultural destruction caused by the Plauge, but Routt's study looks at economic effects. The resulting labor shortage stimulated incomes in the centuries following the Plague, leading to greater freedom on the personal level and greater efficiency on the management level. One theory sees these changes as the forerunner of the Enlightenment Period.
In the past 10 years, Japan's per capita GNP grew 7.5%, a hair more than the U.S. In the same period, the per capita income of Japan's working age people increased almost double that of the US (14.3%). Maybe a shrinking population is not a bad thing, if the country can manage its health and pension budgets.
Could it be that the coming decline to 100 million will trigger a “Japanese Renaissance?” Not to mention more elbow room on the Metro.
LANSING, Mich. (SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP) - Governor Rick Snyder says he's greatly concerned about new information on Enbridge's Line 5 pipeline under the Straits of Mackinac.
Enbridge has confirmed it found two spots on Line 5 that are missing protective enamel coating.
Enbridge tells us it handed this information over to the state in an effort to be transparent.
But now, Governor Snyder is directing state departments to aggressively review Enbridge's operations throughout the state.
Governor Snyder and several state agencies are concerned about Enbridge's Line 5 pipeline that transports light crude oil and natural gas underwater near the Mackinac Bridge.
Enbridge confirms in at least two areas the pipeline is missing it's protective coating.
Still, the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality says the pipeline seems to be structurally sound.
"But is certainly raising some concerns about the upkeep of the pipeline and about Enbridge's procedure," said Michigan DEQ spokesperson Melody Kindraka.
The DEQ has no idea how long the protective coating has been compromised.
"We have asked for Enbridge to inspect all the anchor supports along the pipeline and we've asked them to notify us of that inspection process and also repair any issues they may find within 30 days," Kindraka said.
Enbridge officials say they are working on solving the issues within the next few days.
Company spokesman Ryan Duffy told us the pipeline is still in excellent working condition, but many Republican and Democratic lawmakers are worried.
"It's a tremendous concern...the Great Lakes are such an incredible source of fresh water that we can't really play around," said Representative Andy Schor (D-Lansing).
"My reaction is I told you so. The pipeline is 64 years old. The same age as the pipeline that polluted the Kalamazoo River. It needs to be shut down," said Senator Rick Jones (R-Grand Ledge).
But shutting down Line 5 may mean higher propane and crude oil prices in Michigan.
"Without this pipeline, Michigan ends up at the tail end of the supply line. That means not only are we likely to see price increases, but also any supply issues, we are going to be the ones first that are first effected," said Jeffrey Cook, the President of Southwestern Oil Company.
The DEQ recently closed its public comment period on the alternative analysis of Line 5.
The final alternative report is expected to be released this fall.
Richard Alan Dutcher[1] (born 1964)[2] is an American independent filmmaker who produces, writes, directs, edits, and frequently stars in his films. After making God's Army, a successful 2000 movie about LDS missionaries, Dutcher became well known among members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). Film critic Jeff Vice, of the Deseret News, dubbed Dutcher "The Godfather of Mormon Cinema," a title that is very important personally for Dutcher.[3] In 2007, Dutcher left the LDS Church.[2]
Biography and personal life [ edit ]
Dutcher was born in Oak Park, Illinois as Richard Hill. His family moved frequently, and at age seven his parents divorced. As a member of the LDS Church, Dutcher served a two-year mission in Mexico.[2]
Dutcher lived in his car during high school and was so financially strapped while attending college that he frequently had to choose between eating and going to the movies. Because of his love of film, he normally went to the movies.[4] Dutcher graduated from Brigham Young University in 1988 with a degree in film.[5] Dutcher was married in 1988 to Gwen, moving to Mapleton, Utah in 1999.[6] They have seven children together. The third youngest is a local actor in central Oregon who has participated in multiple performances. After 23 years of marriage, they divorced in 2011.[7]
Film projects [ edit ]
Girl Crazy [ edit ]
Dutcher began work on his first feature film, Girl Crazy, in the early 1990s while living in an apartment in Van Nuys, California. Girl Crazy is a romantic comedy written by, directed by, and starring Dutcher. Dutcher raised the budget of the movie (approx US$14,000), then shot it in and near his apartment building. He later raised more money to finish the movie.
It was a sweet story and it was fun, but it was such a long process," said Dutcher. "Probably almost a five-year process before I finally found a distributor.[8]
The movie did not play in theaters but had a brief run in 1997 on HBO and Cinemax. While the movie did not make enough money to pay off investors, it did begin Dutcher's feature filmmaking career. Of the movie, Dutcher said:
I'm never going to spend five years of my life again on something so trivial. But even if you like the movie – and if you do like it a lot, you probably have pretty low expectations – even if you like it, you walk away and say, it was fun, it was 90 minutes of completely disposable fun, and you'd forget about it. Nobody would be thinking about it the next day. And I thought, that's not worth five years of my life. The amount of work and sacrifice and time and risk ... if I'm going to do that again, and I am going to do that again, next time it's going to be for something that means something.[8]
God's Army [ edit ]
Dutcher's next film was the 2000 indie smash God's Army. Distributed by Excel Entertainment Group, the movie grossed over ten times its $250,000 production budget. Dutcher produced, wrote, directed, and starred in this film about Mormon missionaries, focusing on a Mormon elder determined to finish his two-year mission even though he is dying of brain cancer. The film debuted with a world premiere in Sandy, Utah and was taken on tour around North America for limited engagements, particularly to Mormon audiences, who were eager to see LDS characters portrayed on screen. The movie received mixed reviews by critics and currently holds a 50% Rotten Tomato score.[9] The success of God's Army among Mormon audiences is credited (by Dutcher) for launching the LDS Cinema movement of the early to mid-2000s, a small film niche of LDS movies made primarily by and for Mormon audiences.
Brigham City [ edit ]
Dutcher followed this film in 2001 with Brigham City, a movie about the search for a serial murderer in a small Utah town which has never had a murder before. As with God's Army, Dutcher wrote, directed, and cast himself as the lead, while Excel Entertainment Group distributed the film. The movie explores how residents of a close-knit religious community, who are mostly LDS, react to and deal with the situation. Overall, Brigham City garnered better reviews with critics than God's Army, earning a 71% Rotten Tomato score,[10] but only grossed $852,206 during its theatrical run,[11] far less than God's Army, despite being made with a much higher budget.
The Prophet [ edit ]
In 2003, Dutcher announced his most ambitious movie project to date: The Prophet, a biopic about the life of LDS Church founder Joseph Smith, based on a screenplay written by Dutcher. In a press conference held in Utah, Dutcher called the movie "the Mount Everest of Mormon filmmaking" and said that he planned to do "the bulk of the filming" in 2004 for a 2005 theatrical release. He also announced that both Val Kilmer and F. Murray Abraham had agreed to portray Joseph Smith and Gov. Thomas Ford of Illinois, respectively (depending on schedules). The budget of the movie was projected at more than $12 million.[12] The movie was never made.
States of Grace [ edit ]
Dutcher's next film, States of Grace (also titled God's Army 2: States of Grace), was released November 4, 2005. This film follows a set of missionaries in Los Angeles caught in the middle of gang warfare. States of Grace received the highest percentage of positive reviews of any Dutcher movie, currently holding an 82% Rotten Tomato score.[13] Wade Major of Boxofficemagazine wrote of the director, "Dutcher has joined the ranks of the very best independent filmmakers in the world." However, the movie was also Dutcher's lowest-grossing movie up until that time. States of Grace grossed $203,144 during its theatrical run,[14] less than one-tenth the theatrical gross of God's Army.
Falling [ edit ]
Dutcher's next film, Falling, tells the story of a Hollywood videographer, Eric Boyle (played by Dutcher), who stumbles across a gang murder and sells the footage to a Los Angeles news station for a small fortune. Boyle's life falls apart when the exposed gang members come after anyone with a connection to the incriminating footage. In an interview, Dutcher said that this was the most personal of all his works, and that he would self-distribute the film. The movie was shown on a single screen in Utah for one week in January 2008 and in Los Angeles in August 2008. It was then re-released on April 27, 2012, in Salt Lake City, Utah, on one screen at the Broadway Theater for several weeks. The movie has yet to be released on DVD or through other sources.[7] The Los Angeles Times said that Falling is, "one of the best pictures of its kind in recent memory," and the Los Angeles City Beat called it "a primal scream from an immensely talented artist."[citation needed]
Evil Angel [ edit ]
In 2009, Dutcher made Evil Angel, an action/horror movie starring Kristopher Shepard with a supporting role by Ving Rhames (Mission: Impossible, Pulp Fiction). As with his other films, Dutcher wrote, directed, and cast himself in a supporting role. The movie was originally announced to be released in October 2012[15] but has not had a US release.
Tryptic [ edit ]
In 2010, Dutcher launched a Kickstarter campaign to raise money to complete Tryptic, a feature film he was writing and directing. On the Kickstarter page for the movie, Dutcher explained his need for immediate funding:
My real challenge now, and the reason I'm here, is to film the final segment: "Crucifixion." It's the biggest of the three stories and will be the most expensive, and it's very important that I get this segment shot before the winter snow begins to fall. I'm filming in Utah, and it's October, so ... time is running out.[16]
The Kickstarter campaign for Tryptic set a goal to raise $7,000. On November 1, 2010, the campaign came to a successful conclusion, having raised $10,095—144% of its goal—from 73 backers. As of December 2014, the movie has not been completed.
Boys at the Bar [ edit ]
In 2012, Dutcher returned to his Girl Crazy roots and made The Boys at the Bar, a low-budget comedy that he wrote, directed, and starred in. The $150,000 budget for the movie was raised by 23 students from Dutcher's self-titled "Richard Dutcher's Movie Producers Master Class."[17] Dutcher, along with his 23 students, formed an organization called "Project 23," in which all 23 students act as the movie's producers and fundraisers. Shot over seven days in Salt Lake City from a heavily improvised script, the movie is "conflict free" and centers around a group of friends celebrating a birthday party and telling jokes.[18] In May 2014, Dutcher stated that news of the film's release would be coming soon.
Parting letter [ edit ]
In 2007, the Provo Daily Herald published an open letter from Dutcher on its editorial page where he announced, "I am no longer a practicing member of the church." He explained that he had taken a spiritual journey that, "may ultimately prove incompatible with Mormon orthodoxy." He hoped to explore human spirituality in film more broadly, but like early church leader Oliver Cowdery, someday he might return to the faith.
Dutcher lamented that Mormon cinema was dying from too many shallow, poor-quality films trying to "make a few bucks." He urged Mormon cinema to abandon "moronic," unfunny comedies that rely too much on self-mockery, and family films, which often lack any valuable meaning. He felt that church-produced movies fail to "share ... the beauty and power of Mormonism," and are instead "polite, remedial and not-so-factual recitations of Mormon History and scripture." The potential of Mormon cinema was still unappreciated and untapped. Dutcher thought the market could be revived by reintroducing well-crafted films that explore the great depths of Mormon themes and experience. Rather than just making "clean" movies, free from violence and vulgarity, Dutcher said, "It is better to tell an R-rated truth than a G-rated lie."[19]
This letter provoked strong criticism from some LDS Church members, most notably Kieth Merrill, a Mormon filmmaker whose work was included in Dutcher's criticisms. In his fiery reaction, Merrill claimed Dutcher was arrogantly ignoring the importance of social and spiritual values. Merrill saw Dutcher as attacking LDS cinema because of the poor response to his latest films.[20] Two days later, in a letter to the editor, Merrill apologized for his harsh criticisms, regretted the loss of Dutcher, and wished him well in his future.[21]
Film plans [ edit ]
Dutcher at one point was planning to direct Prophet: The Story of Joseph Smith, a film about the life of the early LDS prophet. While Dutcher did not specifically comment on his plans for his movie on Joseph Smith in his "Parting words" letter, Dutcher did state that he will no longer be making Mormon films.[19]
Dutcher's film Falling, was released January 18, 2008 at a single Salt Lake City theater, and later shopped to art-house theaters, where he did not expect to make back the film's money. Dutcher's 'Parting words' letter suggests that these and future movies may be spiritually based but not Mormon-related.[19]
Strangers cooking me dinner and sheltering me in Switzerland.
CouchSurfing hosts taking me in for an extra night when I missed my flight home from Milan, Italy.
Roaming around Isla de Ometepe in Nicaragua for several weeks, never minding that I slept in a hammock outside and woke up to the sound of howler monkeys and roosters.
Getting a heavily discounted meal in Seattle, Washington after some laughter-filled conversation with my waiter.
Each of these things happened to me while I traveled alone. Solo travel is one of the richest, most rewarding experiences you can have. I steadfastly believed that when I was single throughout my twenties, and I still believe it today as a married woman.
Perhaps you believe that solo travel isn't for you. Perhaps you believe that solo travel is what people do when they can't find anyone to go with them. Or maybe it's only for those who don't like people. Or those who are single, but certainly not married. Why on earth would someone travel alone when they've got a husband/boyfriend/partner to go with them?
These are things I imagine people think about me, and of course I love to experience new places with my husband. But that's not to say that I can't still enjoy that passion I realized in my twenties. Solo travel is about seeing the world through my eyes, not through the filter of a traveling companion. It's about exercising my independence, my choices, my desires.
Solo travel is about gaining self-confidence. Everything is up to me: I have to make all the decisions, figure out how to get everywhere, and I get to eat wherever I choose. I also own all of my mistakes, and believe me, there are plenty.
Despite popular opinion, solo travel is heavy on social interaction. When we travel with others, whether it's friends or family or a partner, we are wrapped up in them and don't often invite conversation with locals or other travelers. When I travel alone, I learn all about my fellow solo travelers and relish in their travel stories. I learn about their home cities or countries; we exchange our experiences thus far and recommend activities to each other.
You know what else? Solo travel reminds me of my individuality. Marriage is a different sort of life: my life is entwined with my husband's and I love how much we share. But I find that going off on my own is essential to my mental health and to the health of our relationship. I travel and I remember my own passions; I rediscover music that I haven't listened to in a while. I write more, I pay closer attention to my own thoughts and linger longer at certain museum exhibits just because I can.
I love that I have found this thing that I love that is all mine. Solo travel fills me up with a warmth and lightness, and for that, I'm grateful. I'm grateful that I have the kind of supportive partner who helps me live my dreams without resentment or criticism.
I recommend traveling alone to all women, regardless of age or background or experience level. You can do this. If you feel called to travel, I promise that you won't regret it.
*
I am participating in the Blogging from A to Z April Challenge. Today's post is I for Independent Travel. I've also featured a fantastic hostel in Seattle, my frustrating delay at Birmingham Airport, and my memorable meals from my Seattle vacation last month.
Like this: Like Loading...
Teacher Cynthia Trevillion, 64, was shot and killed in one of two shootings in Rogers Park Friday night. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Linze Rice; Waldorf School
ROGERS PARK — In the shocking aftermath of a Friday night shooting that left a 64-year-old Rogers Park resident and teacher dead, residents of the neighborhood are joining together to mourn the loss — and celebrate the life — of their slain friend.
Cynthia Trevillion, of the 6800 block of North Greenview Avenue, and her husband found themselves unwittingly caught in the crosshairs of a drive-by shooting around 6:30 p.m. Friday night while walking in front of Rogers Park Social bar in the 6900 block of North Glenwood Avenue, according to police and witnesses.
Ald. Joe Moore (49th) told residents in an email Saturday morning that just prior to the shooting, police told him there were two minors talking to someone in a stopped car at the corner of Glenwood and Morse when a dark SUV drove by and opened fire on the boys.
Both vehicles and the two juveniles talking fled, but Trevillion was not so lucky. She was struck in her head by a bullet and was pronounced dead shortly thereafter at St. Francis Hospital in Evanston, according to the Cook County Medical Examiner's Office.
Just 30 minutes before Trevillion's death, a 15-year-old boy was also shot in the 7100 block of North Ridge Avenue, police said. Police originally said the boy was 13 and shot in the 2100 block of West Touhy Avenue.
Moore said police told him the shootings were unrelated.
Moore said police canvassed the scene for the shooters, as well as witnesses, and are currently examining security footage in the hopes of gaining more insight into what happened.
What police do know: Trevillion, a middle school math teacher at Chicago Waldorf School, was not the intended victim.
"Any victim of gun violence is a tragedy, but it is especially tragic and intolerable for an innocent victim to be gunned down on a busy street in the early evening," Moore said in his message.
In addition to being a teacher, Trevillion was also active with the Glenwood Sunday Market, which said it "lost a member of our family last night."
"Cynthia Trevillion was a dear friend, a stalwart supporter, a volunteer and Council member," the group wrote on Facebook. "The world was a better place for having her in it and she will be deeply missed. Our hearts go out to her husband, John, and all who loved her."
"Cynthia, we hope they have butter and bone broth wherever you are."
Her coworkers, along with the owners of Rogers Park Social, are holding a memorial in her honor at 8 p.m. Saturday at the 6920 N. Glenwood Ave. bar.
The neighborhood watering hole described Trevillion as a "beloved educator, friend and passionate community member."
"She was gunned down in an act of senseless violence in front of a beloved Rogers Park institution that valued people who enriched its community," event organizers wrote. "We call on you to join us in honoring her memory and raising funds for her family at that very institution [Rogers Park Social] to eat tacos, have some drinks, celebrate her memory and support her family in this difficult time."
The school has also set up an online donation page seeking $15,000 to help Trevillion's husband with funeral expenses and other costs. As of Saturday afternoon, about $6,800 had been raised.
Trevillion had worked at the school for the last 14 years, according to her cohorts.
"To be sure, Cynthia had dedicated her life to providing our children with the best education possible," her coworkers wrote.
Other community members have also planned a peace vigil at 6 p.m. at Tobey Prinz Beach Park meant as a "simple gathering to respond to violence and fear with peace and love."
Attendees are encouraged to bring a candle or light, as well as a reading or poem, if they wish.
The Friday night shooting brings the neighborhood's gunshot victim total up to 16 — with five people shot since Sept. 12.
Moore acknowledged that "since late this summer, our neighborhood has experienced an uptick in gun violence," and said additional gang crime teams have now been called to patrol the Morse and Ridge/Touhy areas in the wake of the recent shootings.
Part of that work will include figuring out what to do with "an increase of youths loitering" at Morse and Glenwood, he said. The alderman and police have been working "diligently within the confines of the Constitution to discourage it," Moore said.
Correction: An earlier version of this story mistakenly said five people had been killed in Rogers Park since Sept. 12. Five people have been shot since Sept. 12, two of whom have died.
Vandenberg AFB Launch Schedule
As of 2019 February 23
A Taurus rocket carrying Taiwan's ROCSAT-2 satellite lifts-off from Space Launch Complex 576E at Vandenberg AFB. To access launch photos, videos, and audio reports, visit the Vandenberg Rocket and Missile Launch Multimedia library. Image courtesy U.S. Air Force.
This schedule lists rocket and missile launches from Vandenberg AFB for the next several months. It is a composite of unclassified information approved for public release from government, industry, and other sources. This schedule is essentially accurate at the time of publication, but may disagree with other sources. Details on military launches are withheld until they are approved for public release. For detailed information about this schedule, refer to the Notes section below.
To receive this launch schedule and launch updates by e-mail, click here.
All launch dates and times are subject to change and are listed in 24-hour format.
Date Launch
Time/Window
PST/PDT
Vehicle Pad/Silo Comments NET MAR Unknown Falcon 9 SLC-4E Vehicle will launch three RADARSAT earth imaging satellites for Canada. Delayed from FEB 18
Notes
The dates and times in this schedule may not agree with those on other online launch schedules, including the official Vandenberg AFB schedule because different sources were used, the information was interpreted differently, and the schedules were updated at different times. The webmaster does not post the dates, launch windows, and times for military launches until they have been officially released by the Defense Department. All launch dates and times are given in Pacific Time using a 24-hour format similar to military time (midnight = 00:00, 1:00 p.m. = 13:00, 11:00 p.m. = 23:00, etc.). The above schedule makes no distinction between Pacific Standard Time (PST) and Pacific Daylight Saving Time (PDT). PST is in effect from the first Sunday in November to the second Sunday in March. PDT is in effect from the second Sunday in March to the first Sunday in November. The Pacific Time zone lags UTC by 7 or 8 hours, depending on the time of year. The time difference is as follows: 2018 NOV 4 - 2019 MAR 10: Pacific Time = UTC -8 hours 2019 MAR 10 - 2019 NOV 3: Pacific Time = UTC -7 hours Launch dates are fluid and tend to change over time. Launches for all vehicles except the Pegasus XL are scheduled for the start of the launch window. Pegasus XL launch times are scheduled for the middle of the launch window. Prior to the launch of a classified payload, the exact launch time is kept secret until about T-18 to T-4 hours. The launch window is also secret and not made public. Instead of providing the launch window, the Air Force announces a launch period - a large block of time within which the launch window falls. For additional information on Vandenberg AFB launches, refer to Viewing Vandenberg AFB Launches.
Abbreviations
NET No earlier than PDT Pacific Daylight Time PST Pacific Standard Time SLC Space Launch Complex UTC Coordinated Universal Time
Copyright © 2001-2019, Brian Webb. All rights reserved.
TORONTO (Reuters) - Environmental activists have occupied an expansion site at an upgrader majority owned by Royal Dutch Shell Plc, Greenpeace and the company said on Saturday, the third such protest in recent weeks to target facilities linked to oil sands production.
Greenpeace said 19 activists scaled an under-construction upgrader at Shell's Scotford facility in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta to protest “the climate crimes of the tar sands.”
A statement from the environmental group said two protesters had been detained.
Shell said in a statement that no construction was going on when the protesters entered the site and production at the refinery and upgrader are not affected. The upgrader is also owned by Marathon Oil Corp and Chevron Corp.
“We are working with the RCMP (Royal Canadian Mounted Police) and government authorities are being notified,” Shell said.
Upgraders are part of the process that converts tar-like bitumen mined from the oil sands into usable crude.
The protest comes after environmental activists last month canoed into Suncor Energy Inc's oil sands operation in northern Alberta, blocking equipment.
In another incident, protesters chained themselves to equipment at a Royal Dutch Shell oil sands mine in northern Alberta to highlight what they view as excessive greenhouse gas emissions from the region's oil production operations.
The last time Jason Pominville wore a Buffalo Sabres uniform was on April 2, 2013 in a game against the Pittsburgh Penguins at, what used to be known as CONSOL Energy Center. Pominville registered two assists in a 4-1 road win as Buffalo was trying to find a way back into the playoff picture.
The very next day, Pominville and a 2014 fourth round pick were dealt to the Minnesota Wild in exchange for Johan Larsson, Matt Hackett, a 2013 first round pick (Nikita Zadorov) and a 2014 second round pick (Vaclav Karabacek). The departure of Pominville was just the first of several transactions made that would change the course of the Sabres franchise for years to come.
Four years later, the Sabres re-acquired Pominville from the Wild in a trade that also brought Marco Scandella and a 2018 fourth round pick to Buffalo for Tyler Ennis, Marcus Foligno and a 2018 third round pick. Although Pominville was primarily seen as a throw-in to the deal, the 34-year old has already had a role this preseason playing on alongside Jack Eichel and Evander Kane.
After spending parts of his first eight seasons in the NHL with the Sabres, not many could have imagined seeing the former Sabres captain wearing the blue and gold ever again. Not even Pominville himself.
“I never thought it would happen again, but I'm definitely happy and excited about it,” Pominville said with Howard Simon and Jeremy White on WGR Tuesday morning. “It's been kind of overwhelming, and it gives you extra energy and excitement to go out there and play.”
Pominville joins a completely new-look Sabres team that does not feature anyone that he had played with when last in Buffalo in 2013. Pominville now comes in as the "grizzled veteran" and the oldest player on the roster.
Despite Pominville's age, he still has the speed and skill to play at a highly-competitive level in the National Hockey League. As he enters his 12th season in the NHL, Pominville will be look at as a veteran leader on this squad composed of a good crop of young talent.
"I'm going to be one of the guys that will have to make sure that we're on track on a nightly basis and try to push guys to out-work, out-perform each other," Pominville said. "I've been fortunate to be on good teams during the time that I left - playoff teams and knowing what it takes to be in the playoffs. I'm sure that those are things that I will be counted on to do."
The preseason got off to a hot start for Pominville with two goals in his first game playing with Eichel and Kane against the Pittsburgh Penguins. The next game against the Toronto Maple Leafs, Pominville shifted to a line with Kane and Sam Reinhart and did not register a point.
Pominville has already been thrown into the lineup with players who can skate fast and play at a high pace. New Sabres head coach Phil Housley is a coach who wants players who can play at that fast pace and play with high energy. That is something that Pominville is still trying to get used to compared to his recent years in Minnesota.
"A lot of things are different in Phil's system," Pominville said. "A lot of things that we did in Minnesota we're not doing here. He wants to play the game fast, his neutral zone is completely different, the way the [defense] will be joining the rush is a little bit different as well. A lot of things are new. A lot of things are different, but the pace and style of play is going to be high. They've been pushing us really hard, and it's been a lot of fun. We have a great young group of guys that get along really well together and want to make sure that we push each other and be accountable to be better every day."
"He wants us to be aggressive," Pominville said. "It's always go-go-go pretty much. He doesn't want us stuck in between, so you just go and you don't have to think too much. That's the good part about it, but it will take a little bit of time. You've already seen the big strides that we've made on a daily basis. I think we'll keep making those strides as camp finishes up here."
You can listen to Pominville's entire interview here:
UFC President Dana White told “Inside MMA” on Friday that the UFC is so confident about MMA being legalized in New York in 2015 that the promotion is holding a date for an event at Madison Square Garden near the end of this year.
“Imagine if we can do that this year,” said White during his appearance on the AXS TV program. “We're already having the greatest year we've had in the history of the company out of the gates here. And if everything holds together, people stay healthy, fights stay in place, we're in for an unbelievable year and that would be a great way to top if off.”
One of the main reasons White is so confident is due to the arrest of New York State Assembly speaker Sheldon Silver. While the bill to legalize MMA in New York has made it through to the state's Senate every year for the past few years, it always got held up in the Assembly because Silver wouldn't even allow it to be brought to a vote.
Regarding the Silver situation, White said, “You can pick up the paper and read about [Silver] and you can understand why we didn't get into New York. Now he's got bigger problems than UFC. Hopefully we can get through.”
On the subject, White concluded, “We don't want to be cocky, but we're being confident. I'm very, very confident it's gonna happen.”
The fledgling government of Libya has hired a top-flight Washington PR firm to represent its interests in D.C., even though by all accounts Libya is a failed state with no real functioning government.
This month, the Libyan embassy in Washington, which maintains a small office in the Watergate office complex, signed a one-year contract worth $1 million with Qorvis MSLGROUP, to “provide strategic advice and assistance on public relations issues,” according to records filed with the Justice Department.
Precisely why the government has decided to spend so heavily on a foreign political campaign when it's fighting for its life against Islamic radicals, political rivals, and ISIS is unclear. Officials at the embassy didn't respond to emails and phone calls seeking comment.
But Libya needs all the help it can get in Washington, which officially recognizes a democratically-elected government in the eastern city of Tobruk, and not a rival faction in Tripoli. The country's embassy in the U.S. is operated by Tobruk. Libya has become a breeding ground for jihadists, and ISIS has staged mass beheadings of Christians and journalists. The overwhelming number of emigrants fleeing North Africa across the Mediterranean for Europe are leaving from Libya. And Egypt, which has managed to repair some of its relations with the Obama administration after a 2013 military coup that led to a halt in U.S. arms sales, sees Libya as a major threat to its internal security, both because Libya has become a hotbed for radicals and is the source of a huge illicit arms market.
Libya is by no means a powerful force in the Middle East and North Africa. Nor is the Tobruk administration skilled at navigating the waters of U.S. politics and foreign policy, according to regional officials and experts on the region, who said the embassy in Washington is staffed largely by activists, not diplomats.
“The government in Tobruk is fighting for its very existence,” Jonathan Schanzer, the vice president for research at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, a Washington think tank, told The Daily Beast. “Tripoli, the former capital of Libya, is now in the hands of their enemies. Public relations will not win this battle, but it will undoubtedly be an important component of the overall effort to maintain international support and recognition.”
Given that Libya barely has a government to speak of, and presumably not much of a treasury, it's unlikely that the administration in Tobruk is paying Qorvis's hefty fee, said several individuals who follow Libya's internal politics and the Washington lobbying efforts of other countries in the Middle East and North Africa. More likely, a government with deep pockets that has supported Tobruk in its struggle to control the country is bankrolling the Washington campaign, they said.
There's precedent for a third party paying for a country's PR efforts. In 2013, the government of Egypt hired Glover Park Group to help repair its relationship with the U.S. after the coup, which ousted a democratically elected administration. A source familiar with the contract, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said it was unusually controversial within the company and divided employees over whether they should be doing business with a junta that also was suppressing journalists and free speech. (Glover Park declined to comment for this article.)
The deal drew so much negative attention, in the U.S. and in Egypt--where citizens bristled at Glover Park's extravagant $250,000-a-month fee--that the Egyptian government issued a public statement emphasizing that a third party was paying the PR bill.
The government didn't identify who that generous patron was, and the official contract between Glover Park and Egypt that was filed with the Justice Department states that Egypt is paying the company's tab.
So it may be impossible to know for sure from official filings if another source is behind Libya's contract with Qorvis, which states that the Embassy of Libya is paying for services that include “political advice and counsel,” “political insights,” “communications with the administration,” and “regular briefings on Capitol Hill.” Qorvis also promises to provide “message development” and “rapid response” in the media for Libya.
While Libya is just beginning its PR strategy, a true regional powerhouse, Saudi Arabia, is taking its years-old message campaign to the new terrain of social media.
Lobbying Washington heavies is old hat for the House of Saud, but its push into social media metrics and analysis comes as ISIS militants have proved adept at using Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube to attract adherents and fighters—the very ones the Saudis are helping the U.S. bomb in Syria. The kingdom also has been locked in mortal combat with Islamic radicals within its own borders, where, the government announced Tuesday, it had arrested 93 people suspected of plotting attacks, including on the U.S. embassy in Riyadh.
In March, the Saudi embassy in Washington hired Targeted Victory, a Virginia company that handled digital communications for Mitt Romney's 2012 presidential campaign, to provide “digital consulting services,” “social media content and management,” and “strategic advice and digital consulting services for the promotion of and education on Saudi Arabia.”
Targeted Victory declined to answer questions about what kind of social-media magic the firm is working for Riyadh, as did Qorvis, to which Targeted Victory is a subcontractor.
But the head of Zignal Labs, which is doing the social data-crunching for Targeted Victory, told The Daily Beast that his company provides “analytics and measurements” for its clients. “Zignal Labs has many customers throughout the world across many different industries who use our platform to monitor the media ecosystem and direct their communications initiatives,” said Josh Ginsberg, the company's CEO.
Zignal monitors social media to keep track of what's trending, and when negative stories are crowding out other chatter. For instance, when news broke that Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton had used a private email account and server while she was secretary of state, Zignal showed how tweets about the scandal were eclipsing mentions of Clinton's Republican rivals—and presumably her own then-undeclared presidential campaign.
Zignal feeds that kind of real-time tracking to its clients so they can “maintain awareness of the dynamic media environment” and “pinpoint which stories are accelerating so that you stay ahead of breaking news,” according to the company's website. That makes Zignal a potentially powerful tool for crafting a political message, and doing damage control.
That's something the Saudis have been doing a lot of lately—at least of the figurative variety. Riyadh has come under pressure from Washington to pull back on its airstrikes against Houthi militants in Yemen, where civilian casualties have skyrocketed. Desperate to stanch the collateral damage, U.S. intelligence agencies have provided more information to the Saudi air forces to help them better target Houthi positions and avoid hitting civilian buildings.
In hiring Targeted Victory, the Saudi embassy has brought on a team of social-media mavens that are becoming darlings of the GOP establishment. The company has said that its clients include presidential candidate Senator Marco Rubio's political action committee Reclaim America, as well as the Republican National Committee, super PAC American Crossroads, and the Republican Jewish Coalition. For its Saudi work, the company will be paid $40,000 a month, according to records filed with the Justice Department.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 13, 2016, 5:14 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 13, 2016, 8:56 PM GMT By Emmanuelle Saliba, Euronews, Emily Gibbs and Elizabeth Chuck
A pileup involving more than 50 cars shut down a Pennsylvania stretch of highway amid strong winds and poor visibility, authorities said. Forty people were taken to local hospitals and there were "multiple" fatalities, an official told NBC News.
The accident outside Harrisburg on Saturday morning closed all lanes on both sides of Interstate 78 in Lebanon County, the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation said.
Emergency personnel work at the scene of a crash near Fredericksburg, Pa., on Feb. 13, 2016. State police say a pileup has closed Interstate 78 in central Pennsylvania. Daniel Zampogna / PennLive.com via AP
State police told NBC News "over 50" vehicles were involved in the jam-packed pileup.
Cory Angell, a spokesman for the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency, said there were multiple fatalities, along with more than 40 people transported to area hospitals. He did not say how many people had died.
A spokeswoman at Penn State Hershey Medical Center said 10 adult patients had been sent there, three of whom had critical injuries.
About 70 people took shelter at the Jonestown Fire Department, about eight miles away from the wreckage site on I-78. Most of the cars remained stuck there through Saturday afternoon, the Pennsylvania Emergency Management said.
Among those involved in the crash were members of the Penn State Lehigh Valley men's basketball team.
Emergency personnel carry someone away from a crash scene near Fredericksburg, Pa., on Feb. 13, 2016. State police say a pileup has closed Interstate 78 in central Pennsylvania. Daniel Zampogna / PennLive.com via AP
The team was going to a game in New Kensington, Pennsylvania, when their charter bus was hit by a tractor trailer on I-78 in Lebanon County, the university said.
"There are no serious injuries to anyone who was on the bus. The team is on a warm, dry bus and they are en route to the nearest hospital as a precautionary measure," Penn State said on its website.
Winds of at least 30 mph were blowing at the time of the crash, according to The Weather Channel, and visibility was less than 2 miles.
Earlier Saturday, the National Weather Service issued several alerts about snow squalls in the Philadelphia area. Lebanon County is about 100 miles west of Philadelphia.
Ashley Fisher told NBC News that she was driving toward Allentown with her two daughters when they got caught in a snowstorm and were turned around by law enforcement.
"The snow just started and it was a total whiteout. The car in front of us just disappeared," she later said. "We were able to stop, but a couple cars slid and hit the shoulder."
Once the snow started to dissipate, she said, she noticed the entire westbound side was "just a mess."
Pennsylvania State Police said a detour had been put into place during the interstate's closing.
WEBINAR:
On-Demand Desktop-as-a-Service Designed for Any Cloud ? Nutanix Frame
Watch →
The Web browser acts as the gateway for myriad online services these days. Computer security problems are far from solved, and technology advances provide new ways for malware to infect our devices and enter our business networks. For example, smartphones and tablets offer fresh new fields for malware—and its malicious cousin, "malvertising"—to exploit.
Malvertising, or malicious advertising, injects malware into legitimate ads and ad networks. Granted, you could argue that there's a thin line between "legitimate" ads and ad networks and not-legitimate ads and ad networks. But don't get distracted. Privacy and security are inextricably linked, and protecting your privacy is part of protecting your security.
Firefox, Chrome, and Opera are the best Web browsers; they offer the best performance, the most compatibility, and the best security. These five open source security apps install in your Web browser, and they protect you from a variety of threats.
Protect Your Privacy: Open Source Web Browser Security Apps
Ad networks are wonderful malware vectors. A single ad network serves thousands of sites, so compromising one ad network equals many thousands of compromised machines. AdBlock, and its derivatives—AdBlock Plus, AdBlock Pro, and AdBlock Edge—are all great tools for blocking ads, which has the added benefit of making cluttery annoying ads-infested sites more usable.
Of course there is a downside: harming sites that depend on ad revenues. All of them have one-click whitelists, so you can selectively turn off ad-blocking on sites that you want to support. (Really, my dear Webmeisters, if you don't want your site visitors blocking your ads then don't be obnoxious.)
Figure 1: Selecting additional filters for your Ad Blocker.
Ad blockers do more than block ads; they also block Web-tracking bugs and malicious domains. To turn on additional filter lists, click on your ad blocker icon > click Preferences, and go to the Filter Subscriptions tab. Click the Add Filter Subscription button, and then add Easy Privacy + EasyList. The Malware Domains filter is a good one to include as well; it blocks domains that are known to host malware and spyware. Adblock works with Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari, Internet Explorer, and Android.
HTTPS Everywhere browser extension ensures that you will never accidentally connect to a Web site with HTTP when HTTPS is available. HTTPS means your connection is encrypted with SSL (secure sockets layer), which is a commonly-used protocol for encrypting Web and email connections. HTTPS Everywhere is available for Firefox, Chrome, and Opera.
When you install HTTPS Everywhere, it asks if you want to enable the SSL Observatory. Say yes, as it offers additional protections against man-in-the-middle and bogus SSL certificate attacks. HTTPS Everywhere works with Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Android.
Social Fixer tames Facebook. It gives you mighty powers to filter your news feed so that you see what you want to see, creates tabbed feeds organized by topic, hides whatever you don't want to see, displays pictures full-sized on mouse-over, disables the Theater view of images, and lots more.
It's not really designed to be a security tool, but Social Fixer offers two important security features:
It anonymizes Facebook pages for screenshots by replacing profile pictures with generic icons, and it changes usernames to fake names
It reliably blocks Facebook games, which are notorious sources of trouble
Figure 2: Anonymizing a Facebook screen with Social Fixer.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation's Privacy Badger is a superb tracker-and spy-ads blocker. These days Web pages are composed of content from multiple sources: ad servers, comments servers, content farms, image farms, third-party login servers, and gosh knows what-all.
AdBlock is good at blocking this junk, but Privacy Badger is better. It doesn't rely on filter lists, which have to be maintained by humans somewhere, but rather algorithms and policy methods, and you can easily override it if it blocks something in error. Privacy Badger works with Firefox and Chrome.
Figure 3: Privacy Badger blocks tracking sites.
Privacy Badger should just work. Click on its icon to see what it's blocking on any site you're visiting. Try it on Huffingtonpost.com, one of the champions of stuffing the maximum number of third-party components into each and every page (Figure 3).
The sliders tell the status of each site: red means that site is completely blocked, so it can't set cookies or serve up any content to you. Yellow indicates a third-party domain that appears to be trying to track you, but it is on Privacy Badger's whitelist of allowed domains. Green is for a third-party domain that is not yet classified as a tracker, but this could change as you visit multiple sites and Privacy Badger observes its behavior.
You can set the sliders yourself according to your preference; for example, on one site I visited Privacy Badger blocked bazaarvoice.com, which some shopping sites use to host their customer reviews.
Disconnect is another anti-tracker and anti-cookie tool with a great feature set. It runs on Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer, and Safari, and offers special iOS and Android versions. Not only does it foil trackers, it also secures your wireless transmissions (Wi-fi, 3G, and 4G) with its own virtual private network, protecting you from wiretapping and malvertising. It protects you from widgetjacking, which is a technique used by attackers to gain access to your sites that require logins. With widgetjacking they don't even need your password; they use stolen cookies.
Disconnect also provides a safe search feature that lets you use your favorite search engines while blocking their snoopy data-mining habits.
Just assume that everyone on the Web is out to get you. It's all abstract and behind the scenes, and not obvious like someone bashing a window to get into your house. But the threats are numerous and real, and you have to take precautions to protect yourself.
Carla Schroder is the author of The Book of Audacity, Linux Cookbook, Linux Networking Cookbook,and hundreds of Linux how-to articles. She's the former managing editor of Linux Planet and Linux Today.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 28, 2016, 2:41 AM GMT / Updated July 28, 2016, 3:32 AM GMT By Phil Helsel
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump did not extend a treasonous invitation to Russia to hack Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, his top campaign aide said Wednesday night — he was just kidding.
Paul Manafort said on Fox News that Trump was speaking "in a sarcastic way" when he invited the Russian government to look for Clinton's "missing" emails.
Trump's invitation sparked a firestorm of criticism and was made amid speculation that the Russian government is behind the release of Democratic National Committee emails ahead of this week's convention.
Related: Former Ambassador, Intel Experts Blast Trump's Russia Comments
Manafort tried to steer the conversation back to Clinton's use of a private email while secretary of state.
"The real problem here is the fact that she had an unsecured server sitting in her closet in her home, that could be hacked by anyone in the world," Manafort said.
FBI Director James Comey has said an investigation found no direct evidence that Clinton's personal e-mail domain was successfully hacked, but said it was unlikely investigators would see direct evidence.
He said given the combination of factors, "we assess it is possible that hostile actors gained access to Secretary Clinton's personal e-mail account."
Comey said emails containing highly classified information were carelessly handled and the servers were "not even supported by full time security staff."
Related: Trump's Russian Hacker Plea Roils Campaign
Trump's message to Russia gave fresh ammunition to Democrats to portray Trump as too inexperienced to be commander in chief. Former CIA director Leon Panetta told a crowd at the Democratic convention in Philadelphia Wednesday that Trump "once again took Russia's side."
"Donald Trump, who wants to be president of the United States, is asking one of our adversaries to engage in hacking or intelligence efforts against the United States of America to affect an election," Panetta said. "As someone who was responsible for protecting our nation from cyberattacks, it is inconceivable to me that any presidential candidate would be that irresponsible."
Manafort dismissed that characterization.
"First of all, he didn't encourage anybody to hack," Manafort. "He was making a sarcastic point about those 33,000 missing emails," Manafort added.
It turns out that Stephen Hawking's canceled trip to Israel is not a matter of boycotting the Jewish state, but rather merely a result of his health, according to a Cambridge University spokesman.
The Guardian, which broke the story late last night, claimed that Hawking was to boycott the Presidential Conference in Jerusalem next month, after the newspaper received a statement from the British Committee for the Universities of Palestine (BRICUP), which claimed that it had issued the announcement with Hawking's approval.
The statement said that the move was “his independent decision to respect the boycott, based upon his knowledge of Palestine, and on the unanimous advice of his own academic contacts there.” The story was then picked up by many leading news outlets around the world.
However, a University spokesman told The Algemeiner that Prof. Hawking's cancellation was due to health issues.
“Professor Hawking will not be attending the conference in Israel in June for health reasons – his doctors have advised against him flying,” the spokesperson said.
A spokesperson earlier confirmed to The Commentator, which first reported the story, that the BRICUP organisation had “assumed” Hawking's position on the matter, and that its claims were fundamentally untrue.
UPDATE: In an about-face, Cambridge University has now confirmed that Hawking is indeed boycotting Israel. For full article click here.
Free parking for some church goers in Woking will be reviewed after the policy was challenged by the National Secular Society.
Worshippers at three churches do not pay to use two public car parks on a Sunday morning, while shoppers do.
The society believes the policy falls foul of equality laws and has forced Woking Borough Council to review it.
Ray Morgan, chief executive of the council, said the authority had sought formal legal advice on its policy.
Keith Porteous Wood, the society's executive director, said the practice was discriminatory.
He said: "People who are going to Woking to shop have to pay, people who are going to worship don't - that seems to me almost a definition of discrimination.
"[The council can] take Sunday parking charges off, well that's fine so everybody benefits.
"But if it decides it wants to charge on Sunday, I'm afraid that we have to do it on an equal basis for everybody."
Worshippers at Coign Church, Christ Church and Trinity Methodist Church insert tickets into a "validating device" at their churches, which encodes the tickets so that they raise the exit barrier without needing to pay.
Report leaked to German media says far right is spurred on by arrival of refugees
Fears that anti-immigrant fervour is growing in Germany have been given fresh impetus by security experts who have warned the country to brace itself for a rise in xenophobic attacks as a growing number of protesters turn to violence to vent their anger over Europe's refugee crisis.
A confidential report by the Federal Criminal Office (BKA) that has been leaked to German media said the far-right scene had been spurred on by the continuing influx of refugees to Germany and experts believed that what it referred to as the group's sense of “agitation” towards the government's asylum policy was set to intensify. It warned that asylum seekers, volunteers and politicians were under particular threat.
While the far right is usually considered consisting of disparate groups who operate heterogeneously, many have found ideological consensus in the refugee crisis, according to the assessment, as pressure increases on Chancellor Angela Merkel's government to get a grip on the situation.
The report came to light as police in northern Bavaria said on Thursday they had smashed a far-right group in Bamberg who had planned to carry out a terrorist attack on an asylum seekers' home in the town on 31 October.
Three people in possession of kilograms of pyrotechnic explosives imported from eastern Europe and a range of weapons were arrested by police after a raid involving 90 officers in the early hours; 13 more were questioned. The group had intended to attack a home for migrants awaiting deportation, using explosives containing steel balls, which a spokesman said were intended to cause maximum harm.
Thousands of refugees and migrants have been arriving in Germany every day since the summer, and the country is expected to receive up to 1.5 million asylum seekers by the end of this year.
The BKA's warning comes just days after the racially motivated attempt on the life of Cologne's mayoral candidate Henriette Reker. She was knifed on Saturday by a 44-year-old man with a far-right past who said he was acting to protect the country from foreigners. Reker, who made support for refugees central to her campaign, was elected mayor the following day, but has been unable to assume the post because she is still being treated in hospital.
The report also follows a sharpening in the far-right tone at rallies by the anti-immigrant movement Pegida, or Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident, where on Monday night a speaker issued a veiled appeal for concentration camps to be put into operation again. The previous week, campaigners carried a mock gallows with a noose labelled for Merkel.
According to the BKA, people responsible for running asylum seekers' homes, politicians who support Merkel's open door asylum policy and members of the public who are volunteering in their thousands to help refugees, are all considered to be in the sights of what it called “offenders motivated by xenophobia”.
The report follows a wave of racially motivated incidents against asylum seekers' homes, including scores of arson attacks. BKA analysts say the number of attacks on refugee homes is increasing with the majority being carried out on homes that are already inhabited, or buildings that are in the process of being converted. Typically, as well as arson, offenders are using weapons such as catapults with steel ball bearings, wooden clubs and butyric acid.
In the first three quarters of this year across Germany, there were a total of 461 attacks believed to have been driven by xenophobic motives, which is already double the number committed in the whole of last year.
The identity of almost half the attackers is known to police. More than a quarter were carried out by people from the immediate neighbourhood. Most of the attackers are males, aged between 20 and 25, three-quarters of whom had no far-right background and only seldom did they carry out attacks under the influence of alcohol.
There is no evidence to suggest the violence is being steered by far-right political parties, the BKA said, adding that in the light of rising refugee numbers and the increase in living facilities for them “the opportunity to commit such crimes will increase considerably”.
Meanwhile, police have said they are investigating whether they can press charges for hate crime against the Turkish-German writer Akif Pirincci, who in a speech about the refugee crisis at a 15,000-strong rally in Dresden said it was “unfortunate that the concentration camps are no longer in operation”.
In a separate incident, a 31-year-old from Kitzingen in southern Germany has been prosecuted and is awaiting a prison sentence after calling in a Facebook posting for Merkel and her supporters to be “stood against a wall, court-martialled and shot for treason against the German people”.
The interior minister, Thomas de Maizière, blamed Pegida for inciting hatred, saying its organisers had by now been outed as rightwing extremists. On national television he called on Germans to “stay clear of those that are injected this hate, this poison into our country”.
Reacting to the BKA report, he told the Passauer Neue Presse: “We can't yet speak of rightwing terrorism, but the threat is there and we are paying attention to it.”
Contributing artist: Sarinia
Contributing modders: HinaNekoL, Shadowvalor & madduma
See the Docs tab for installation instructions and troubleshooting tips.
Please check out Shadowvalor's Looking Stranger - Heterochromia and Odd Eyes. There are ton of eye combinations on there including True Eyes. Plus, give Shadowvalor kudos for graciously sharings meshes for the 3.2 release of the Eyes of Beauty.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder with this character mod from Lograam. Installing The Eyes of Beauty will give your avatar new, realistic eye textures that greatly improve on the vanilla eyeballs that come free with the game. As you can see in this video, you can swap between quite a few different eye textures and you'll be able to do this with either male or female characters.
- Eurogamer.net
QUICK START VIDEO for Author's Pick
Making Of:
SHOWCASES
Spanish:
Spanish:
XBox One Version here: https://bethesda.net/en/mods/FALLOUT4/mod-detail/4047562First of all, welcome to our mod: The Eyes Of Beauty. TEOB started with Skyrim in 2012 and THANKS TO EVERYONE, the mod is still in the MOST ENDORSED FILES OF ALL TIME !!! The mod feature textures from eye pictures where some are from medical picture repositories, others are digital paintings and some are from real players that took pictures of their eyes and sent them to me. The textures are 512x512 in resolution, meaning that it's twice the resolution of Fallout 4 Vanillas.----------------------For the first time I welcome an artist into the making of this mod. Her name isShe will be contributing by creating new high quality content for this mod.There is a lovely green eye texture included in the mod named Helena, which was created from an actual photo that Helena submitted. If any other members of the community would be interested in submitting a high quality close-up photo of their own eye, we would love to add them to the reference repository. Provided that the iris color is not nearly identical to one of the existing textures, we will create a new texture from it and credit the submitter. While the final textures are 512 x 512, the higher the resolution on the submitted photo, the better. Also, please be sure to have the eye open as much as possible to capture the details of the iris color and pattern. Unfortunately, a photo with an almost closed eye won't provide enough details to make it usable.Detailed instructions on how to submit your photo will be added soon. Thank you in advance and we look forward to seeing the beautiful eyes of the community.---------------------------------------------------------------------In fact, we can.Sarinia has been giving some thought to my observations about the game down-sizing the resolution of the eye textures and whether it actually makes any difference when played at various resolutions of the games, so before diving too far into creating a higher res texture, she spent some time testing it.She ran the game with The Eyes Of Beauty's green eye texture at 3 resolutions: 1920 x 1080, 2560 x 1440, and (full 4K) 3840 x 2160.She took screen shots of the eyes in the character creator at each resolution and then swapped out the eye texture for one of Jesters which has a base texture resolution of 1024 x 1024 to see if it made a difference at any of the resolutions.Here's her thoughts about it:"[...] You are welcome to use all or part of this sample test as an image on your nexus page to answer those people who ask about resolutions or are not using your mod because they think the 512 base resolution makes a difference. To be honest, after looking over this, I agree with you that it really doesn't seem to make much difference if the texture is 512 vs. 1024. [...]"And here's the test sample:Version 3.0 changelog:--------------------------The new Kaleidoscope Edition combines everything to date: 325 eyes textures, standalone plugins (with backward compatibility), custom lashes options, and even different left/right eyes with Looking Stranger - Heterochromia and Odd Eyes .Version 2.4 changelog:--------------------------There is now 2.4 version of the standalone pack that includes custom lashes of their own and the older version without custom lashes if you wish to combine this mod with some other eye replacer mod like 'True Eyes' for example.Version 2.3 changelog:--------------------------The new standalone pack that allows you to use around 151 + 10 eyes from expansion pack at the same time without replacing anything has been added to main download page.Version 2.0 changelog:--------------------------- Added new eyes textures- Added a special blind eye replacer- Included optional Helena eye texture. Helena is a player that sent me a closeup of her eye for the Skyrim version of TEOB.----------- New eyes texture, mostly heterochromia;- This mod will REPLACE some Vanilla eyes for new eyes textures;- Lore friendly. Brighter unique eyes for men and women;- New textures will be added in future release... Keep in touch!KNOWN ISSUE:----------------See the Docs tab for more troubleshooting tips.Issue: sometime the eye texture will overlap the model like if its pasted on top of Vanilla's. Unfortunately it's a bug from Fallout.: just alter the shape of your eyes and it will push back the texture to the right place.Issue: eyes are too bright!: probably you are using ENB or saturation/brightness enhancement mod. In a future update, I plan to publish a low saturated texture kit for ENBs. For now, you'll have to live with or shut either TEOB or ENB.Eye Normal Map Fix, please install THIS MOD For anyone not familiar with viewing replacement eye textures outside of the game, please note that the images will appear much darker in the selection screen than they appear in game. When they are seen in game, the lighting greatly affects the way you will see them. For examples of how eyes textures look in-game, please see some of the sample images on this mod page.Here are 2 videos explaining the manip:Disclaimer: THIS MATERIAL IS NOT MADE, GUARANTEED OR SUPPORTED BY ZENIMAX OR ITS AFFILIATES
Don't let that familiar looking bodywork fool you. This is not the much-rumored new small sedan reportedly intended to slot in the Porsche lineup under the Panamera. Nor is it a cleverly disguised mule for a Panamera-based, front-engine Porsche coupe, a car the rumor mill insists would resurrect the legendary 928 names. The hardware underneath this car, which includes an all-new twin-turbo 4.0-liter V-8, is in fact destined for the next-generation Bentley Continental GT and Flying Spur, according to well-placed sources in Stuttgart.
Porsche has been given lead development duties for VW Group's new MSB architecture, the hardware that will underpin a new generation of premium front-engine, rear- and all-wheel-drive sedans and coupes, and even selected SUVs. Among the cars slated for MSB: Bentley's next-gen Continental GT and Flying Spur sedan.
View 9 Photos
Porsche is also heading the development of the all-new VW Group 4.0-liter twin-turbo V-8. That engine will not only appear in the forthcoming Porsche Panamera, the first MSB car to hit production, but also in the MSB-based Bentleys. A modified version of the engine will also appear in the next-generation Audi A8.
Plans for the small Porsche sedan, known internally as Pajun (not its real name, by the way, but simply Porsche shorthand for "Panamera Junior") have reportedly changed radically since the car was first considered. Though originally planned as a smaller Panamera -- in the same way as the Macan is a mini-me Cayenne -- the hot rumor is Pajun will now be realized as Porsche's first-ever electric car, essentially a production version of the Mission E concept unveiled at last year's Frankfurt Show.
The Panamera Coupe, aka the 928, is in limbo. Sources say the idea has been reviewed at the highest level within Porsche, but it now seems highly unlikely the project will be given the green light because of fears a re-incarnated 928 could cannibalize Bentley Continental GT sales.
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's parliament backed a second reading of legislation to sever ties with the European Union early on Tuesday, a reprieve for Prime Minister Theresa May who now faces demands by lawmakers for concessions before it becomes law.
After more than 13 hours of speeches for and against the legislation, which May says is essential for Brexit but critics describe as a Conservative government power grab, lawmakers voted 326 to 290 in favor of moving the EU withdrawal bill, or repeal bill, to the next stage of a lengthy lawmaking process.
Many fell in step with the government which said a vote against the legislation would force Britain into a chaotic exit from the EU, rather than a smooth departure, as the country would lack laws and a regulatory framework to steer the process.
May, weakened by the loss of her majority in a June election, now faces a battle against politicians who want to force amendments to the bill, first in the lower house of parliament and then in Britain's unelected upper chamber.
“Earlier this morning parliament took a historic decision to back the will of the British people and vote for a bill which gives certainty and clarity ahead of our withdrawal from the European Union,” May said in a statement.
“Although there is more to do, this decision means we can move on with negotiations with solid foundations and we continue to encourage MPs (lawmakers) from all parts of the UK to work together in support of this vital piece of legislation.”
Her justice minister urged lawmakers to back the bill and signaled that the government would listen to the concerns of lawmakers despite describing some of their criticism as being “exaggerated up to and beyond the point of hyperbole”.
The bill seeks largely to ‘copy and paste' EU law into British legislation to ensure Britain has functioning laws and the same regulatory framework as the bloc at the moment of Brexit, to offer some reassurance for companies.
The Union Flag and a European Union flag fly near the Elizabeth Tower, housing the Big Ben bell, during the anti-Brexit 'People's March for Europe', in Parliament Square in central London, Britain September 9, 2017. REUTERS/Tolga Akmen
REFERENDUM RIFT
But the often impassioned debate in the 650-seat parliament underlined the rifts exposed by last year's EU referendum, not only in Britain's main parties, but also in the country.
The opposition Labour Party had called on its lawmakers to vote against the bill if the government failed to make concessions. But seven rebelled, with some saying they had to respect the demands of their pro-Brexit voters.
“This is a deeply disappointing result,” said Labour's Brexit spokesman, Keir Starmer. “This bill is an affront to parliamentary democracy and a naked power grab by government ministers ... It will make the Brexit process more uncertain, and lead to division and chaos when we need unity and clarity.”
The government has defended the bill by saying it will allow Britain to become “masters of our own laws”, but it also gives ministers wide-ranging powers to amend laws to make them work domestically, often by interchanging the word ‘EU' for Britain.
But lawmakers, both in Labour and May's governing Conservative Party, expressed fears the government would make substantial changes to legislation without consulting parliament - a charge the government has denied.
Despite the victory for a government now dependent on the support of Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party to secure a working majority, ministers will face attempts by both Conservative and Labour lawmakers to change the bill.
Some want assurances that the government will not misuse its power, others want to make sure the protections of certain workers rights are also written into the bill before allowing it to move to the unelected upper house of parliament.
Slideshow (2 Images)
The process is expected to take months to complete and both houses should agree the final wording before it can be passed.
“Labour will seek to amend and remove the worst aspects from the bill as it passes through parliament,” Starmer said. “But the flaws are so fundamental it's hard to see how this bill could ever be made fit for purpose.”
Just how many banks are insolvent? Turns out, a lot! But elections are coming up.
By Don Quijones, Spain & Mexico, editor at WOLF STREET .
For a country that is on the brink of a gargantuan public bailout of its toxic-loan riddled banking sector, or failing that, a full-blown financial crisis that could bring down the European financial system, things are eerily quiet in Italy these days. It's almost as if the more serious the crisis gets, the less we hear about it — otherwise, investors and voters might get spooked. And elections are coming up.
But an article published in the financial section of Italian daily Il Sole lays out just how serious the situation has become. According to new research by Italian investment bank Mediobanca, 114 of the close to 500 banks in Italy have “Texas Ratios” of over 100%. The Texas Ratio, or TR, is calculated by dividing the total value of a bank's non-performing loans by its tangible book value plus reserves — or as American money manager Steve Eisman put it, “all the bad stuff divided by the money you have to pay for all the bad stuff.”
If the TR is over 100%, the bank doesn't have enough money “pay for all the bad stuff.” Hence, banks tend to fail when the ratio surpasses 100%. In Italy there are 114 of them. Of them, 24 have ratios of over 200%.
Granted, many of the banks in question are small local or regional savings banks with tens or hundreds of millions of euros in assets. These are not systemically important institutions and can be resolved without causing disturbances to the broader system. But the list also includes many of Italy's biggest banks which certainly are systemically important to Italy, some of which have Texas Ratios of over 200%. Top of the list, predictably, is Monte dei Paschi di Siena, with €169 billion in assets and a TR of 269%.
Next up is Veneto Banca, with €33 billion in assets and a TR of 239%. This is the bank that, together with Banco Popolare di Vicenza (assets: €39 billion, TR: 210%), was supposed to have been saved last year by an intervention from government-sponsored, privately funded bank bailout fund Atlante, but which now urgently requires more public funds. Their combined assets place them seventh on the list of Italy's largest banks.
Some experts, including the U.S. bank hired last year to save MPS, JP Morgan Chase, have warned that Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca will not be eligible for a bailout since they are not regarded as systemically important enough. This prompted investors to remove funds from the banks, further exacerbating their financial woes. According to sources in Rome, the two banks' failure would send shock waves through the wider Italian financial industry.
There are other major Italian banks with Texas Ratios well in excess of 100%. They include:
Banco Popolare (the offspring of a merger of Banco Popolare di Verona e Novara and Banca Popolare Italiana in 2017 and then a subsequent merger with Banca Popolare di Milano on 1 January 2017): €120 billion in assets; TR: 217%.
UBI Banca: €117 billion in assets; TR: 117%
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro: €77 billion in assets; TR: 113%
Banco Popolare Dell' Emilia Romagna: €61 billion in assets; TR: 140%
Banca Carige: €30 billion in assets; TR: 165%
Unipol Banca: €11 billion in assets; TR: 380%
In sum, almost all of Italy's largest banking groups, with the exception of Unicredit, Intesa São Paulo and Mediobanca itself, have Texas Ratios well in excess of 100%.
But, as Eisman recently pointed out, the two largest banks, Unicredit and Intesa Sanpaolo, have TRs of over 90%. As long as the other banks continue to languish in their current zombified state, they will continue to drag down the two bigger banks. And if either Unicredit or Intesa begin to wobble, the bets are off.
To stay on the right side of the solvency threshold, Unicredit has already had to raise €13 billion of new capital this year and last week it took advantage of the ECB's latest splurge of charitable lending (formally known as TLTRO II) to borrow €24 billion of free money. But as long as the financial health of the banks all around it continues to deteriorate, staying upright is going to be a tough order.
This is where things get complicated. In order to qualify for public assistance, banks must be solvent. Presumably, that would automatically disqualify any bank with a Texas Ratio of over 150%, which includes MPS, Banco Popolare, Popolare di Vicenza, Veneto Banca, Banca Carige and Unipol Banca. The bailout must also comply with current EU regulations including the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive of Jan 1, 2016, which specifically mandates that before public funds are injected into a bank, shareholders and creditors must be bailed in for a minimum amount of 8% of total liabilities, as famously happened in the rescue of Cyprus' banking system in 2013.
The Italian government knows that this approach could end up wiping out retail investors (otherwise known as voters) who were missold, in many cases fraudulently, subordinated bonds by cash-hungry banks in the wake of the last crisis, in turn wiping out the government's votes. To avoid such an outcome, the government has proposed compensating those retail bondholders with public funds, just as the Spanish government did with the holders of preferente bonds. Which, of course, is in direct contravention of EU laws.
So far, the European Commission has stayed silent on the issue, presumably in the hope that the resolution of Italy's financial sector can be held off until at least after the French elections in late April, if not the German elections in September. Then, if those elections go Brussels' way, a continent-wide taxpayer funded bailout of banks' NPLs can be unleashed, as already requested by ECB Vice President Vitor Constancio and European Banking Authority President Andrea Enria.
With no guarantee that Italy's NPL-infested banks can hold out that long, it's a dangerous waiting-and-hoping game. In the meantime, shhhhhhhh… By Don Quijones.
This trend is not your friend. Read… Italy at the Grim Edge of a Global Problem
Enjoy reading WOLF STREET and want to support it? Using ad blockers – I totally get why – but want to support the site? You can donate “beer money.” I appreciate it immensely. Click on the beer mug to find out how:
Would you like to be notified via email when WOLF STREET publishes a new article? Sign up here.
With the NFL season over and the offseason upon us, we've been covering Mike Mayock's rankings at every positionand breaking down the Bengals' need at each. So far we've covered quarterbacks and tight ends, offensive line, running backs and wide receivers, and the defensive front seven.
To wrap things up, we're looking at the defensive backfield. The Bengals have four defensive backs, two of which made the 2016 Pro Bowl, hitting free agency in 2016: Reggie Nelson, Adam Jones, George Iloka and Leon Hall. As we don't yet know who will be back, it's hard to say how big of a priority cornerback and safety will be for the Bengals in this year's draft But, if even one of those players leave, a defensive back could become a bigger priority early on in the draft. Who are the top prospects at those positions? Let's take a look.
Cornerbacks
The Bengals have recently invested in a pair of first round picks at cornerback with Dre Kirkpatrick (2012) and Darqueze Dennard (2014). Therefore, it seems unlikely that the team would look at some of these prospects in the first round. However, with Jones and Hall both potentially leaving in free agency, it would make sense for the team to look at this position as early as the second round.
1. Jalen Ramsey (Florida State)
Jalen Ramsey has the strange distinction of being considered a top five draft pick, a region where defensive backs are not generally found. He's got the brain, athleticism, and success rate to suggest that he could be the next big thing in the NFL, but questions about his size and balance persist. He's more of a slot corner, based on his style of play. But, he has the talent to make it as an elite shutdown corner with the right training and mindset.
2. Vernon Hargreaves (Florida)
Hargreaves is a competitor. There's just no two ways about it. There are a few questions about his size, but the fact of the matter is, he's going to step on the field and wear down any receiver that dares to challenge him. The only hope that opposing wide receivers have against him is to jump over him for the catch and physically overpower him to avoid a tackle. He's a sure first round prospect.
3. Mackenzie Alexander (Clemson)
Depending on who you ask, Alexander might be the best cornerback in the draft, and he knows it. He's got the NFL mindset and talent to stick to receivers like glue. He's also short and takes a little longer than you'd like to adjust to his man's route. But, once he figures it out, you won't shake him off. As long as he can keep his cockiness in check at the NFL level, he's a future star. He won't fall below the very early second round.
4. Eli Apple (Ohio State)
Health and attitude problems gave Apple a rough freshman year at Ohio State, but, the main thing everyone is talking about is what he did after he pulled things together. As long as the defensive line doesn't let the quarterback extend the play too long, he's explosive enough that he'll make a quick play leaving teams frustrated and scrambling. However, once he has to cover for an extended period of time he can lose his focus and start grabbing jerseys. He could be a star on the right team, but his drawbacks could relegate him to the second round. He has been mocked to the Bengals and Steelers (who pick back-to-back) in the first round of varying mock drafts.
5. Cyrus Jones (Alabama)
About Jones, an unnamed NFL executive told Mayock, "He may need to get his Twitter game in check." On the field, he's versatile enough to thrive in the nickle, but his less impressive speed and size could cause him to only fit well in certain NFL systems.
One system he could thrive in is Paul Guenther's disguised man coverage scheme. Jones would essentially be playing a similar role to what Leon Hall has been playing in Guenther's defense. There's no guarantee that the Bengals are even looking at him. But, as a projected fourth round pick, he seems to fit perfectly with the Bengals' plans. Jones is also a punt returner so he could be an interesting option to replace Adam Jones, if he were to leave in free agency.
Safeties
I won't sugar coat it. It's very difficult to see both Reggie Nelson and George Iloka returning next season. As great as Nelson played, he's 32-years-old and not getting any younger. Iloka is 25 and has recently been a reliable starter, albeit less explosive than Nelson in 2015. As good as Shawn Williams played in his few opportunities last year, I would venture as far as to say that safety could easily be a target for the Bengals in the earlier rounds of the draft, assuming either Nelson or Iloka leave in free agency.
1. Karl Joseph (West Virginia)
This year isn't a particularly great year for safeties. Had it not been for his ACL tear that caused him to miss half of his senior season, Karl Joseph would have been a sure first round pick. It has been suggested that Joseph could fall as far as the fourth round because his style of play and being very injury-prone. However, any team willing to take a chance on his pure athleticism, football character, and NFL-level discipline could be greatly rewarded with a future star safety.
2. Von Bell (Ohio State)
Bell will likely be the most sought-after pure safety talent in the draft this year. His championship swagger and his extensive playing experience at Ohio State are tough to look past, but his performance drop off in 2015 could have him falling into the second round. That's not to say that 2015 was a bad year for Bell. It's just that he only finished as second team All Big Ten, as opposed to the incredible play that he displayed in the 2014 Orange Bowl and the 2015 BCS championship.
3. Darian Thompson (Boise State)
The Mountain West's all-time interceptions leader (19), Thompson earned four All-America nods and was named to All-Mountain West First Team and was a Jim Thorpe Award semifinalist. Thompson has the timing and soft hands to make tons of plays at the NFL level. He needs to work some on his awareness to be a consistent force, but he could be a fantastic replacement for Nelson's production, were he to leave in free agency. Even if the Bengals keep Nelson, Thompson can sit behind Nelson and learn while Nelson finishes his career.
4. Miles Killebrew (Utah State)
A strong safety projected to fall as late as the third round, Killebrew is a perfectly built destruction machine. He knows how to take down his targets with drive and without hesitation or remorse. His football instincts are lacking and he also has a tendency to lose track of his man in coverage. It's unlikely that the Bengals are looking at him because his position and style of play are extremely similar to Shawn Williams, who isn't going anywhere.
5. Jeremy Cash (Duke)
Jeremy Cash is fairly similar to Von Bell in terms of draft stock, yet very dissimilar in terms of impact and style of play. Cash doesn't cover man well and is slow to fall into zone coverage. However, he is particularly adept as a run stopper. He has deceptive closing speed, meaning he has a great chance of bringing the ball carrier down every time. The problem is, it's too easy to throw the ball past him. He's likely to be relegated to more of a nickel role in the NFL, much like Taylor Mays. As a projected second round pick, he doesn't really fit the Bengals' current scheme enough for the team to consider him.
Allianz Stadium. Credit:Jason McCawley However, given the cash-strapped Dragons and Tigers rely on NRL funding to operate, it is believed the two joint-venture clubs, who currently play four matches each at the major venues, will be willing to co-operate to ensure the funding proposal isn't taken off the table. As reported by Fairfax Media last Sunday, Sports Minister Stuart Ayres wants the NRL to commit two out of three Sydney NRL games to be played at the "network" of major venues to justify its investment. However Penrith hasn't been included in calculations given the state government has highlighted the potential for a new stadium in greater western Sydney. Grant held a meeting with Ayres, who is a major backer of the SCG Trust's plans for a new stadium at Moore Park, at the minister's Sydney office on Monday.
While the NRL is confident of gaining a 65-game commitment from the eight clubs, it remains at loggerheads with some of the city's biggest clubs over the funding allocation. It is understood once the NRL pledges to play 65 matches at the network of major venues, they will be given until May 31 to decide on how to split the remaining billion dollars between Allianz Stadium and ANZ Stadium. The NRL is continuing to back the Dave Smith-proposed 55,000-seat new stadium at Moore Park, however five major clubs - including the Allianz Stadium-based Roosters - remain opposed to it. The Smith model would likely see Allianz Stadium receive $800 million while ANZ Stadium would be left with a $200 million facelift. However the clubs are keen to switch the funding model to see the Olympic venue gain most of the allocation to turn it into a permanent rectangular facility.
It is unclear what role new chief executive Todd Greenberg will play given he wasn't previously included in the two-year consultation. The clubs believe it will benefit their cause if the former ANZ Stadium general manager was to be given a seat at the table, however there is a fear among key stakeholders that the new NRL boss is being kept at arm's length from discussions. Grant has entrusted the NRL's head of government relations, Jaymes Boland-Rudder, formerly the right-hand man to Barry O'Farrell, and former Queensland treasurer Andrew Fraser to head up the consultation with the clubs and government. The clubs and NRL have been invited to attend a design briefing at ANZ Stadium on Thursday, with plans to be unveiled that show how the stadium would look if it was to receive most of the funding ($600-$700 million). The SCG Trust held a similar meeting with the clubs earlier in the month in regards to the proposal of a new stadium at Moore Park.
South Sydney Rabbitohs: 10 games The Rabbitohs are likely to play 10 home matches at ANZ Stadium. They currently take two games away to Cairns and Perth. Sydney Roosters: 11 games The Roosters will play 11 home games at Allianz Stadium or a potential new stadium at Moore Park. They currently take one game away to Gosford.
Canterbury Bulldogs: 10 games The Bulldogs will play 10 home games at ANZ Stadium. They currently play two matches at their traditional home in Belmore. Parramatta Eels: 11 games The Eels will play all their home matches out of the new Parramatta stadium but could explore the possibility of two blockbuster games (likely Bulldogs and Tigers) at ANZ Stadium. They also take a game to the Northern Territory each year. St George Illawarra Dragons: 8 games
Washington, DC – US Senator Cory Gardner (R-CO), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, announced today that he is joining a bipartisan group of his Senate colleagues in cosponsoring S.94, the Counteracting Russian Hostilities Act of 2017.
“Vladimir Putin's continued aggression toward our allies in the region, and repeated malicious cyber activity against the United States needs to be dealt with now,” Gardner said. “Russia's behavior must be met with strength in the form of aggressive sanctions to show the world that its actions will not be tolerated."
Gardner immediately called for sweeping sanctions against Russia after the Obama Administration publicly accused Russia of authorizing cyberattacks against the U.S. In July of 2016, Gardner joined his colleagues in introducing a bipartisan resolution that calls on Russia to cease provocative military maneuvers that endanger U.S. Forces and urges its European allies and the international community to continue to apply pressure on Moscow. Later that month, Gardner sent a letter to the Obama Administration questioning its silence on reports of Russia's harassment and violence toward U.S. diplomats. Yesterday, Gardner met with Ukrainian former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko, to express U.S. support for Ukraine and to condemn Russian aggression.
ABOUT THE COUNTERING RUSSIAN HOSTILITIES ACT OF 2017
TITLE I: COUNTERING RUSSIAN CYBER INTRUSIONS
On January 6, 2017, an Intelligence Community Assessment entitled “Assessing Russian Activities and Intentions in Recent U.S. Elections” assessed that “Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the US presidential election. The assessment warns that “Moscow will apply lessons learned from its Putin-ordered campaign aimed at the U.S. Presidential election to future influence efforts worldwide, including against U.S. allies and their election processes."
Cyber Sanctions
• The bill would impose mandatory visa bans and asset freezes those who undermine the cybersecurity of public or private infrastructure and democratic institutions.
The bill would impose mandatory visa bans and asset freezes those who undermine the cybersecurity of public or private infrastructure and democratic institutions. • The bill would impose mandatory sanctions on those who materially assist, sponsor, or provide financial, material, or technological support for such activities.
The bill would impose mandatory sanctions on those who materially assist, sponsor, or provide financial, material, or technological support for such activities. • The bill would also impose mandatory sanctions on transactions with the Russian defense or intelligence sectors, including the FSB and GRU.
The bill would also impose mandatory sanctions on transactions with the Russian defense or intelligence sectors, including the FSB and GRU. • The bill also codifies the administration's Executive Order 13694 and its related annex regarding cybersecurity and Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Public Service Campaigns Related to Cybersecurity and Combating Disinformation
• The bill mandates that the Secretary of Homeland Security conduct a series of public service campaigns to educate the public on threats to cybersecurity and urging better online practices to ensure better protection of online information.
The bill mandates that the Secretary of Homeland Security conduct a series of public service campaigns to educate the public on threats to cybersecurity and urging better online practices to ensure better protection of online information. • The bill authorizes $25 million for fiscal years FY18 and FY19 for this programming.
TITLE II: COUNTERING RUSSIAN AGGRESSION
Russia continues to violate its international commitments by its 2008 invasion of Georgia, 2014 illegal annexation of Crimea in 2014, its ongoing destabilizing activities in eastern Ukraine. Russia has failed to comply with the terms of the Minsk Agreement and Protocol. In Syria, Russia has provided support to the Assad regime and engaged in a devastating military campaign which has targeted hospitals and medical facilities, resulting in thousands of civilian casualties.
Ukraine/Syria-related sanctions
• The bill would codify the four Obama Administration executive orders (EOs 13660, 13661, 13662, 13685) with respect to sanctions on Russia for its actions in Ukraine.
The bill would codify the four Obama Administration executive orders (EOs 13660, 13661, 13662, 13685) with respect to sanctions on Russia for its actions in Ukraine. • The bill would mandate sanctions on investments of $20 million or more in Russia's ability to develop its petroleum and natural gas resources.
The bill would mandate sanctions on investments of $20 million or more in Russia's ability to develop its petroleum and natural gas resources. • The bill would mandate sanctions the development of Russian energy pipelines.
The bill would mandate sanctions the development of Russian energy pipelines. • Similarly, the bill would impose mandatory sanctions on investments in the development of civil nuclear projects by the Russian Federation.
Similarly, the bill would impose mandatory sanctions on investments in the development of civil nuclear projects by the Russian Federation. • The bill would impose mandatory sanctions on U.S. and third party investment in Russian privatization of state-owned assets and sales of sovereign debt.
The bill would impose mandatory sanctions on U.S. and third party investment in Russian privatization of state-owned assets and sales of sovereign debt. • The bill would impose visa ban and asset freezes on those responsible for the commission of serious human rights abuses in any territory occupied or controlled by Russia.
Crimea/Georgia related provisions
• The bill would not recognize Russia's territorial changes effected by force alone. It would also prohibit any action or extend any assistance that recognizes or implies any recognition of the de jure or de facto sovereignty of Russia over Crimea, its airspace, or its territorial waters or the independence of South Ossetia or Abkhazia in Georgia.
TITLE III: EUROPE AND EURASIA DEMOCRACY AND ANTI-CORRUPTION INITIATIVE
Russia has sought to exert influence throughout Europe and Eurasia by overtly and covertly providing resources to political parties, think tanks, and civil society groups that sow distrust in democratic institutions, promote xenophobic and illiberal views. The Russian government has also engaged in well-documented corruption practices as a means toward undermining and buying influence in these European countries. This bill would support programs that build the resilience of democratic institutions in Europe against Russian aggression exerted through corruption, propaganda and other forms of political interference.
Report on Advertising on Russian State-owned or Controlled Media.
The bill mandates a report by the Secretary of State detailing media outlets controlled and funded by the Russian government as well as their advertisers with headquarters in the United States.
Europe and Eurasia Democracy and Anti-Corruption Fund
The State Department, Global Engagement Center and USAID are mandated to provide support for programming to:
• improve democratic governance, transparency, accountability, rule of law, and combat corruption, including by strengthening democratic civil society and political parties, and independent and nonpartisan think tanks;
improve democratic governance, transparency, accountability, rule of law, and combat corruption, including by strengthening democratic civil society and political parties, and independent and nonpartisan think tanks; • support the efforts of independent media outlets and public broadcasters to broadcast, distribute, and share information in all regions;
support the efforts of independent media outlets and public broadcasters to broadcast, distribute, and share information in all regions; • support objective, Russian-language, independent media, investigative journalism, and civil society watchdog groups working to combat corruption;
support objective, Russian-language, independent media, investigative journalism, and civil society watchdog groups working to combat corruption; • promote and protect Internet freedom;
promote and protect Internet freedom; • support, as appropriate, the operations and activities of national anti-corruption and auditing offices;
support, as appropriate, the operations and activities of national anti-corruption and auditing offices; • support programs that strengthen independent judiciaries and prosecutor general offices;
support programs that strengthen independent judiciaries and prosecutor general offices; • strengthen cybersecurity practices of governments and civil society organizations;
strengthen cybersecurity practices of governments and civil society organizations; • support research and analysis on the effects of information warfare on target audiences and best practices for promoting resilience;
support research and analysis on the effects of information warfare on target audiences and best practices for promoting resilience; • support evidence-based civic education and advocacy programs to strengthen resilience to misinformation;
support evidence-based civic education and advocacy programs to strengthen resilience to misinformation; • encourage cooperation with social media companies to strengthen the integrity of information on the Internet; and
encourage cooperation with social media companies to strengthen the integrity of information on the Internet; and • support programs to counter “fake news”.
support programs to counter “fake news”. • The bill would authorize $100 million for these activities.
Establishment of a Russia Unit in the Financial Crimes and Enforcement Network
The bill mandates that the Secretary of Treasury establish a high level task force within the Department's Financial Crimes and Enforcement Network that would focus on:
• tracing, mapping, and prosecuting illicit financial flows linked to the Russian Federation if such flows interact with the United States financial system;
tracing, mapping, and prosecuting illicit financial flows linked to the Russian Federation if such flows interact with the United States financial system; • working with liaison officers in key United States embassies, especially in Europe, to work with local authorities to uncover and prosecute the networks responsible for the illicit Russian financial flows; and
working with liaison officers in key United States embassies, especially in Europe, to work with local authorities to uncover and prosecute the networks responsible for the illicit Russian financial flows; and • seeking to expand the number of real estate geographic targeting orders beyond the number of cities to which such orders apply to capture more links to illicit financial flows.
Sunset Provision
• The bill would sunset ten years after enactment.
###
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. - A recent blog post announcing the resignation of the CEO of Access, which runs Google Fiber, started off the second news cycle about Google Fiber slamming the brakes on new operations in just the last few months, but WHNT News 19 has obtained copies of both a Network Agreement and a Lease Agreement that Huntsville Utilities says Google Fiber has already signed.
This commits Google Fiber to leasing space on the dark fiber network that Huntsville Utilities is building.
A Huntsville Utilities spokesperson says they were given a heads-up that the blog post from Google Fiber was coming, and that Google Fiber remains committed to Huntsville, largely because of the unique model of construction the utility company has undertaken by building the network itself and only depending on Google Fiber to run the so-called "last mile" from the network to the home.
But even if Google Fiber continued the trend of rolling back the scope of its operations, they appear legally obligated to at least pay their rent for the Huntsville Utilities network.
Google Fiber could get out of the agreements if certain technical specifications aren't met during the design and construction process, but we asked about them one by one, and a spokesperson for Huntsville Utilities says the boxes are getting checked.
He tells us Google Fiber has agreed to the Network and Lease Agreements. They have accepted the first section design of the whole network. And they've specifically accepted the network section design of the first chunk of the fiber network to be built.
A hangup at any of those steps would have given Google Fiber a contractual way to get out of the lease, but since those steps have been fulfilled, that doesn't leave many legal outlets for Google to escape the lease they agreed to for twenty years, even if they wanted to.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
One of the last ripcords for Google Fiber, they can call the whole thing off it they don't get a franchise agreement from the city for their video service.
The introduction of that franchise agreement is set before the Huntsville City Council for October 27th. Councilman Bill Kling as well as a spokesperson for the City of Huntsville tell us they expect the vote on the franchise agreement to pass without issue.
As far as the first section of fiber Huntsville Utilities is building in northeast Huntsville, Huntsville Utilities Spokesperson Gary Whitley tells us, "We will deliver that at that milestone at March 2017."
Payments from Google Fiber for the lease should start around that time.
So while Google Fiber has slowed its expansion in other markets, Whitley says, "Our project here in Huntsville is going forward, and that's because of the unique model that we're using where we're building the fiber network. And because we're building it for our own operations use, they are just leasing that dark fiber, which will be available to other tenants as well."
The legal agreements they've signed should keep Google Fiber locked in to that plan.
Pilatus announced late last night that it has achieved certification for its Super Versatile Jet – the PC-24. Certification was reached both with the FAA and European Aviation Safety Agency concurrently. The achievement is a major milestone for the Swiss manufacturer as the airplane is the first business jet to ever be certified in Switzerland, and with the typical punctuality of the Swiss, they did it on schedule.
“In 2013, we announced that the PC-24 would be ready in 2017, and now, shortly before the end of the year, we have achieved exactly that,” said Pilatus's chairman Oscar J. Schwenk. “This project involved considerable risk, but we always believed 100 percent in our PC-24 and were prepared to go all the way to the limits of what we can reasonably do to ensure its success. Obtaining certification is our reward for so many years of untiring effort.”
While the PC-24 was announced in 2013, Pilatus admitted that the program has been in the making for more than 11 years.
“All performance data promised to our first 84 customers have been achieved or even exceeded,” Schwenk said. “The PC-24 delivers a maximum speed of 440 knots compared to the contractually agreed 425 knots – to cite just one example.”
Pilatus used three test airplanes for the program and 2,205 hours of flight testing was conducted, testing the edge of the flight envelope in the most extreme conditions in terms of speeds, temperatures and altitudes. FlightSafety's full motion Level D PC-24 simulator has also achieved interim qualification, allowing customers to start training for their type ratings at FlightSafety's facility in Dallas in the first quarter of 2018.
Pilatus's Super Versatile Jet had a tremendous introduction as the company took 84 orders at the European Business Aviation Convention and Expo in 2014. Since then, the order book has been closed and will remain so until deliveries start to ramp up, which will likely be in the next few months. The company expects to deliver the first airplane to U.S. fractional PlaneSense before the end of the year at its headquarters in Stans. The airplane will then be flown to the U.S. for the official delivery in January.
Liam Casey, The Canadian Press
TORONTO - The discovery of swastikas inside an Ontario university classroom this week has left some students feeling distraught, the school calling the symbols “hate graffiti” and police investigating what happened.
Freya Clews said she showed up early to her education class at the Victor Dahdaleh Building at York University in north Toronto around 8 a.m. Monday when she noticed a commotion at the front.
“The professor started the lecture, but said 'unfortunately there was an incident and we have to cancel the class because the class is now a crime scene and police are coming in,”' Clews said.
That's when she noticed two swastikas on the wall.
“Everyone was feeling pretty disconcerted by it and uncomfortable with it,” said the 22-year-old. “It was just so strange.”
Clews noted that one of the symbols on the wall was “drawn wrong,” and said students in the room quickly packed up and left.
“I couldn't tell if it was somebody goofing around or being a jerk or someone who really intended to be hateful or intended something else,” Clews said
Regardless, she said, the students in the class interpreted what was on the classroom wall as anti-Semitic images.
Samina Sami, the executive director with the university's department of community safety, said in addition to the “hate graffiti,” an anti-Semitic statement was also found in the classroom.
She said York contacted police upon the discovery of the symbols.
“We stand against all forms of hate, and anti-Semitism is not tolerated on our campuses and does not reflect our value of inclusion,” Sami said in a statement, adding that the defaced areas are being repaired.
“We have been working proactively with Jewish students and other campus groups to support a safe and inclusive campus.”
Toronto police have begun an investigation, according to Const. Craig Brister, although the force is leery to call what happened a hate crime just yet.
“We found swastikas, but one was not the same orientation,” Brister said, adding that the symbols were written in chalk.
Police are treating the incident as a case of mischief at this point, but officers are continuing to investigate.
Several student groups condemned the incident.
“It is our firm conviction that the people responsible for this hate crime be held accountable,” said Chenthoori Malankov, president of the York Federation of Students.
Malankov said the student union “will continue to work with campus communities affected by this hate crime and continue the ongoing work in challenging anti-Semitism.”
The local chapter of an international Jewish student organization said it was pleased the university issued “a strong condemnation.”
WA Government standing by shark cull despite 4,000-strong protest at Cottesloe Beach
Updated
The West Australia Government says it will not be backing down on controversial shark-cull plans, despite a large anti-cull protest at the weekend.
More than 4,000 people gathered at Perth's Cottesloe Beach on Saturday to vent their anger about the plan to use baited lines to kill large sharks off selected swimming beaches.
The cull plan - which the government says will only target sharks over three metres - was announced after seven fatal shark attacks off the WA coast in three years.
WA's acting premier Kim Hames says the Government is not budging.
"We believe the Government is doing the right thing," he said.
"We've had seven people that have lost their lives in our water in the last three years compared to [only 20] over the last 20 years.
"So the numbers have significantly increased in the last three years and we believe the Government had to do something about it."
Environmentalists argue there is overwhelming evidence that killing sharks will not prevent attacks.
"There is going to be other marine life caught in the bait lines, not just sharks and there's going to be sharks under three metres also caught in the bait lines," protest organiser Natalie Banks said on Saturday.
"We are ruining the marine ecosystem."
The deadline for contractors to tender for the culling contract expired at the weekend.
SA has no plans for cull
Meanwhile, both sides of politics in South Australia say they have no plans to implement shark baiting operations in the state's waters.
Acting Environment Minister Leon Bignell says the measures would result in the deaths of other marine life.
"It doesn't make sense. It's indiscriminate slaughter of not only sharks but dolphins and turtles and other animals that get caught up on these hooks," he said.
"There's no logic to it and it's a very scary thing."
Deputy Opposition leader Vickie Chapman says "there is no present justification for consideration of a shark baiting program" in South Australia, but has backed the WA Government's right to make its own decision.
Topics: oceans-and-reefs, shark, animal-attacks, environment, perth-6000, wa, cottesloe-6011
First posted
SAN JOSE — A newly signed law will allow San Jose to become the first California city to create tiny homes for the homeless by bypassing the state's confining building codes.
City housing officials and advocates for the homeless call the new legislation a “game-changer” in the fight to solve one of the Silicon Valley's most intractable problems.
The law, authored by Assemblywoman Nora Campos, D-San Jose, as Assembly Bill 2176 and signed by Gov. Jerry Brown on Sept. 27, goes into effect in January and sunsets in five years. It allows the city to temporarily suspend state building, safety and health codes for the purpose of building “unconventional” housing structures — everything from wood-framed sheds to tiny homes. The city will adopt its own regulations, the law says, based on some minimum standards.
“It was huge for the governor to sign this because it's outside-the-box and no one else has done it,” Campos said. “Other big cities like San Francisco and Los Angeles will be looking at what we do here. We had to do something because what we were doing wasn't working.”
The law requires the city to first declare a “shelter crisis” — which it did last December — and to use city-owned or city-leased land for the tiny homes. The homes must be insulated, have weather-proof roofing, lighting and electrical outlets, according to the bill.
It's unclear how many homeless people will benefit from the homes, which must be at least 70 square-feet for individuals and 120 square-feet for couples. A half-acre piece of land, according to city documents, could house up to 25 people inside 20 units.
But no matter the size of the homes, San Jose resident Monica Fuentes says anything is better than life on the streets. The former accountant ended up outdoors after a divorce and brain tumor — and now she moves from one downtown park to another, transporting her belongings in a small plastic cart.
“You can't live your life out here without having your stuff stolen,” said Fuentes, 47, who's been homeless for three years.
Ray Bramson, San Jose's homeless response manager, said the state's regulatory barriers were the biggest challenge in building creative housing units for some 4,000 homeless residents.
Bramson said the homes are a “temporary stopping point” until San Jose builds more than 500 new affordable housing apartments in the next five years. The temporary homes would include on-site supportive services.
“This law really is the first of its kind,” Bramson said. “It will allow us to create bridge housing opportunities — a stable place people can live and stay while they're waiting to be placed in a permanent home.”
The next step is figuring out where to put the homes. And then deciding what they'll look like.
Bramson said council members will identify a potential site, which must be a half-acre or more in size, in each of their districts. To use an existing building for the transitional housing, it must be at least 10,000 square-feet with parking for 16 vehicles and a dumpster enclosure.
To come up with creative designs for the tiny homes, the city is launching a design competition. The goal, Bramson said, is to focus on innovative features, cost effectiveness and replicability.
Mayor Sam Liccardo thanked Campos, Brown and the Legislature for “supporting San Jose's efforts to pioneer new strategies to address our homelessness crisis as quickly and cost-effectively as possible.”
“The magnitude of the problem demands that we not only develop more permanent housing, but also that we pursue innovative approaches to housing our most vulnerable populations humanely and safely,” Liccardo said.
This is the second time Niki Smith, 34, has ended up homeless, most recently after a volatile relationship came to an end. Smith, a former retail cashier, wishes San Jose could have started building tiny homes long ago.
“A lot of people are really struggling,” Smith said, standing near St. James Park. “But it's nice that people care to come up with these ideas. It's something that we need.”
Michael Lane, policy director of the Non-Profit Housing Association of Northern California in San Francisco, helped shape the language of Campos' bill. Lane said tackling homelessness starts with providing immediate housing solutions while cities build out their permanent housing stock.
“The first order of business is to get people into a safe and decent place,” he said. “It's a humanitarian crisis in the city of San Jose. We think we can create a pilot and model here that would be transferable to other jurisdictions.”
Photo
K.Z. Kuriyan, a 25-year-old software engineer at a multinational company, frequents an upscale Bangalore salon for haircuts, facials, manicures and pedicures, as well as for the occasional hair coloring. “Looking good has always been a priority for me,” said Mr. Kuriyan, who spends a fifth of his paycheck on salon services. “Looking good makes me feel good.”
Life and Love in the New Bangalore Tales of ambition and youth from India's outsourcing hub.
In the new India, grooming has become as much a male fixation as a female one, and the male vanity wave set off by urban Indians like Mr. Kuriyan has given the beauty industry a makeover.
In Bangalore, many hole-in-the-wall, two-chair, men-only barber shops have been renovated into swanky unisex salon and spas. At the multinational salon chain Jean-Claude Biguine, in a world of disposable kimonos and imported hair cosmetics, a haircut can cost as much as 1,500 rupees ($25). “People spend more on their hair and skin than on food and basic necessities,” said Vimal Sebastian, its business manager. “For looking good, price is no longer a barrier.”
Beyond improving the looks of young men, Bangalore's, and urban India's, increasingly narcissistic culture has had an unexpected, more profound effect on society. It has freed an entire generation of hairdressers from the burden of their caste tag, giving them dignity, even celebrity. Members of the traditional chaurika caste, who stood among the lower rungs of India's social order for doing “impure” hair work, are now much sought-after hair professionals.
“We are no longer known by the derogatory barber or hajam terms,” said Ramesh Babu, 42, who has clipped men's hair for over two decades. Hajam is Urdu for barber. He now owns several salons and runs a luxury car rental service, often arriving in his personal Rolls-Royce Ghost to trim clients' hair. “We want to eliminate these disparaging labels entirely.”
Photo
Balakrishna Kambaya, 44, who comes from a traditional lineage of hairdressers, has also reaped both the social and economic rewards of the change in attitude toward his caste. A high school dropout, Mr. Kambaya can boast that his salons are now patronized by a Who's Who of Bangalore's politicians and businessmen.
It's a stark contrast from when his grandfather practiced the profession, making house calls in a village in Bangalore's outskirts. His customers — who were men, as women back then kept their hair long — always paid in kind, usually grain and vegetables.
Mr. Kambaya's father turned away from hairdressing to become a farmer, but Mr. Kambaya started working at the 180-square-foot Popular Hairdressers shop established by his brother in Bangalore's conservative Jayanagar neighborhood back in the day when men considered a haircut to be a monthly chore. The crowded single-room outlet was fitted with wooden chairs, long mirrors and a bench that served as a waiting area. It offered a total of three services: a haircut, shave and head massage.
Photo
But that was two decades ago, and since then men in urban India have become increasingly self-conscious of their appearance. “Today's man, whether software engineer or roadside vegetable vendor, believes he is a model,” said Mr. Kambaya. “Every man wants to look like a hero, a king.”
The trend has helped spawn three more Popular outlets and, more recently, an upscale gym as well, taking Mr. Kambaya from a trimmer of hair to a flourishing entrepreneur.
Mr. Kambaya pioneered several Bangalore firsts as he expanded his brother's tiny outlet into a branded chain. Popular was the city's first air-conditioned men's hair salon and the first to use hydraulic dentists' chairs. Also, over a decade ago, Mr. Kambaya introduced imported hair colors for men, saving legions from the messy, runny locally made black dye. Hair dye has since became hair color, and Popular's 5-rupee haircut has risen to 200 rupees.
Mr. Babu was also a pioneer of sorts in the local hairdressing industry in making the profession more glamorous. Mr. Babu's grandfather set up Modern Hairdressers in the downtown hotspot Brigade Road several decades ago. In 1991, Mr. Babu took over the modest business and moved it into two of the city's swankiest members-only clubs. He changed the name to Inner Space Men's Salon.
“The clientele was changing, and I wanted a different identity,” said Mr. Babu. Indeed, a steady stream of the city's wealthy and fashionable seek out the snip of his deft scissors.
Countless superstitions about hair persist in Bangalore and elsewhere in modern India. Old-fashioned hairdressers are closed on Tuesdays as traditionally Indians considered cutting hair and nails on Tuesdays inauspicious. Many customers will still have a “cleansing” bath straight after a haircut.
But the past stigma about the profession is definitely fading. Proof is in Mr. Kambaya's thriving training classes for the younger generation of his caste people, where the emphasis is on polish and demeanor. “The sessions will help them prosper in the stylish surroundings of high-end salons and reap the rewards of their inherited skill,” he said.
Mr. Kambaya wants his children to carry on his forefathers' professional legacy. His daughter, a management student, will start assisting him as soon as she is finished with school.
Mr. Babu said many of his caste from his generation have turned their backs on the traditional vocation out of shame. Some work for the Bangalore police or the local government. Mr. Babu, however, has a clear dream for his three young children: “I will teach them to cut and style hair. With that skill, they can flourish anywhere in the world.”
Saritha Rai sometimes feels she is the only person living in Bangalore who was actually raised here. There's never a dull moment in her mercurial metropolis. Reach her on Twitter @SarithaRai.
The ongoing opioid crisis and rash of overdoses from illicit drugs has been at the forefront of many British Columbian's minds, but the biggest, least discussed addiction on the rise in the province is a legal substance: alcohol.
B.C. has the highest rate in the country of hospitalizations entirely caused by alcohol, and consumption is rising faster in the province than elsewhere in Canada.
British Columbians who imbibe consume, on average, 9.4 litres of pure alcohol each year — the equivalent of roughly 14 bottles of beer or two and half bottles of wine each week.
Consumption has continued to rise every year since 2012.
Addictions researcher Tim Stockwell said the provincial government's policy to make alcohol available in more locations and at more times of the day is a factor in the high level of consumption.
"Efforts have been made to liberalize its availability without doing much to minimize some of the consequences," said Stockwell.
British Columbians, on average, drank 9.40 litres of absolute alcohol in 2016-2017, the equivalent of roughly 14 bottles of beer or two and half bottles of wine each week. (Canadian Institute for Substance Use Research/University of Victoria)
Day to day costs
Dr. Keith Ahamad, an addictions doctor at St. Paul's Hospital and a researcher at the B.C. Centre on Substance Use, witnesses the consequences of alcohol addiction firsthand every day.
"The hospital is literally filled with the consequences of alcohol addiction," Ahamad said. "The number of people that present to the emergency department as a direct consequence of acute alcohol intoxication day-to-day is overwhelming."
Last year, at least 36 per cent of emergency room visits to St. Paul's and Vancouver General Hospital for substance abuse were alcohol-related.
That number is conservative and just relates to cases where excessive drinking was the cause, Ahamad said.
It doesn't include broken bones, injuries related to impaired driving, violence caused by someone who had been drinking or other long-term consequences of alcohol abuse.
By comparison, 24 per cent of emergency room visits relating to substance abuse were because of opioids.
In Canada, as a whole, there were more hospital admissions for alcohol-related conditions than for heart attacks last year and the cost to the medical system is high, with the average stay entirely caused by alcohol estimated at more than $8,000.
Medical system response
Ahamad said a big part of the problem is the medical system's response to alcohol addiction.
"The health-care system has just not been trained to screen for addiction appropriately," he said.
Drinking isn't going to disappear anytime soon, Ahamad said, but more needs to be done to reduce the harm.
"I think we have accepted that we do like alcohol," he said. "We also have a culture around accepting alcohol in our society … We just have to minimize those risks."
More focus is needed on preventative measures, harm reduction and comprehensive approaches to treating people with alcohol addiction, he said.
"It's difficult to see day in and day out," Ahamad said. "Alcohol consumption is a major, major public health concern."
To hear more, click on the audio link below:
This story is part of CBC Radio One's series Wasted Lives: B.C.'s Biggest Addiction Crisis, produced by Jodie Martinson.
Tune into On The Coast, weekdays from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. PT, to hear the series. It runs Dec. 4 - 8, 2017.
Clay began his career as a fullback and often lines up in the backfield as an H-back .
Clay attended Little Rock Central High School where he was ranked as the 13th top overall prospect in the state of Arkansas by Rivals.com his senior season. As a senior, he rushed for 891 yards and 11 touchdowns , he also had four receiving touchdowns. He was rated a three-star recruit by Rivals.com. [1]
During his career Clay accumulated 685 rushing yards on 145 carries with 10 rushing touchdowns and also added over 2,000 yards receiving with 21 receiving touchdowns. [1]
After high school, Clay attended the University of Tulsa , where he majored in business as well as played halfback and fullback from 2007 to 2010. As a true freshman in 2007 , he appeared in all 14 games (10 starts). He recorded 69 receptions for 1,024 yards and seven touchdowns. His receiving yards ranked him second on the school's all-time freshman receiving list. He also recorded 304 rushing yards and one touchdown. He was named to the C-USA All-Freshman team as well as All-C-USA honorable mention . He was also named Second-team Freshman All-American by Rivals.com as an All-purpose player. As a sophomore in 2008 , he appeared in all 14 games (nine starts). He recorded 38 receptions for 464 yards and nine touchdowns. He also carried the ball 25 times for 145 yards and two touchdowns. In 2009 , as a junior, he appeared in all 12 games (11 starts). He recorded 39 receptions for 530 yards and five touchdowns. He also rushed the ball 63 times for 236 yards and seven touchdowns. [1] As a senior in 2010 , he appeared in 13 games. He recorded 43 receptions for 526 yards and seven touchdowns. He also, rushed the ball 34 times for 226 yards. [2]
Pre-draft measurables Ht Wt Arm length Hand size 40-yard dash 10-yd split 20-yd split 20-ss 3-cone Vert jump Broad BP 6 ft 2 7⁄ 8 in
(1.90 m) 245 lb
(111 kg) 33 in
(0.84 m) 9 5⁄ 8 in
(0.24 m) 4.73 s 1.67 s 2.74 s 4.15 s 7.07 s 33 1⁄ 2 in
(0.85 m) 9 ft 10 in
(3.00 m) 18 reps All values from NFL Scouting Combine.[3][4]
After playing in the 2011 Senior Bowl and participating in the NFL Scouting Combine, NFL.com's scouts noted that "Clay is an athletic fullback that is a weapon in the receiving game. Possesses good lateral agility and makes people miss in the open field. Delivers powerful shots blocking and shows good leg drive. Strong enough to push the pile in short yardage situations and can break tackles in the secondary."[5]
Miami Dolphins Edit
Clay was drafted in the sixth round (174th overall) of the 2011 NFL Draft by the Miami Dolphins.[6][7] He signed his 4-year rookie deal on July 29.[8]
Clay recorded his first career reception on October 2, 2011, against the San Diego Chargers. On November 20, he recorded his first touchdown against the Buffalo Bills. He finished the 2011 seasons with 16 receptions for 233 yards (14.6 avg.) and three touchdowns and the 2012 season with 18 receptions for 2012 yards (11.8 avg.) and two touchdowns as one of the team's fullbacks.[9]
In 2013, after starting tight end Dustin Keller suffered a season-ending knee injury in the preseason, Clay assumed the starting tight end role after being an H-Back on the team.[10] In his second start, he recorded his first career rushing touchdown and 109 yards receiving in a Week 2 matchup with the Colts.[9] During Week 14, against the Pittsburgh Steelers he broke multiple tackles, including one of veteran safety Troy Polamalu, on his way to a touchdown in a Miami win. He finished the season with 69 catches (7th among tight ends), 759 yards (tied for 9th), 11.0 avg. and six touchdowns; in addition to 15 yards rushing on seven carries and a rushing touchdown.[9] His performance earned him the 89th ranking position on the 2014 edition of the NFL Top 100.[11]
In the 2014 season, he started all 14 games he appeared in, missing games 11 and 12 due to injury. In week 16, he had a career best 114 yards on six catches in a win over Minnesota.[12] On the season, he recorded 58 receptions for 605 yards (10.4 avg.) and three touchdowns.[9]
Buffalo Bills Edit
Clay with the Bills in 2015
On March 19, 2015, Clay signed a five-year, $38 million contract with the Buffalo Bills, after the Dolphins elected not to match the offer.[13]
In 2015, his first season in Buffalo, he started 13 games. He had a career best nine catches in game 4 against the Giants, and matched it two weeks later against the Bengals, both losses. He recorded 51 receptions for 528 yards (10.4 avg.) and three touchdowns.[9]
He played all 16 games in 2016, but reached 50 yards receiving in only five of them. All four of his touchdowns came in games 13 to 15.
On September 10, 2017, Clay caught four passes for 53 yards and a touchdown in the season opener against the New York Jets.[14] He played a pivotal role in a 23-17 week 4 victory over undefeated Atlanta with 112 yards.
In 2018, Clay had 21 receptions for a career-low 184 yards and no touchdowns.
On February 15, 2019, Clay was released by the Bills.[15]
Buffalo Bills franchise records Edit
First Bills tight end with back-to-back seasons with 50+ receptions, 500+ receiving yards [16]
Most consecutive games with 1+ receiving TD by a Bills tight end: 3, tied with Scott Chandler [17]
Arizona Cardinals Edit
On February 19, 2019, Clay signed with the Arizona Cardinals.[18] NFL Network's Tom Pelissero reported the deal is worth up to $3.25 million with a $350K signing bonus.[19]
Career statistics Edit
In 2012, as a part of the Student Scholarships for Educational Excellence Program (known colloquially as Louisiana's “school voucher” program), Governor Bobby Jindal legally obligated his administration to guarantee the program complied with federal desegregation orders. “The 2012 state law expanding the voucher program statewide acknowledged that the program was ‘subject to any court-ordered desegregation plan in effect, for a particular school district,” Education Weekly recently reported.
And this should have been easy. It just required the Louisiana Department of Education to share public records with the Department of Justice: Where are the schools? And who are the students?
For some reason, however, the Louisiana Department of Education was incapable of providing this very basic documentation to the United States Department of Justice, and the DoJ asked over and over again, for months. (Why am I not surprised?) When the DoJ finally received a response from the Jindal administration, it didn't take long for them to realize that they were missing data on nearly 20% of voucher students. Quoting from the Department of Justice's memorandum (bold mine):
In 2012-2013, the State awarded publicly funded vouchers to nearly 600 public school students residing in or attending school districts operating under federal desegregation orders, and many of those vouchers impeded the desegregation process. The State did not consult with or obtain authorization from the federal courts overseeing the applicable desegregation orders before awarding any of the vouchers. As of the date of this filing, the State has awarded vouchers for the 2013-2014 school year to students in at least 22 districts operating under federal desegregation orders, many of which may impede the desegregation process in those districts, without authorization from the appropriate federal court. Footnote: As of this filing, the State has not provided the United States with a complete list or number of scholarship awardees to date for the 2013-2014 school year. The State recently provided a partial list of school districts in which the awardees (to date) reside.
And importantly:
At this time, the United States is not asking that this Court enjoins the State from awarding any school vouchers. With respect to students attending school districts operating under federal desegregation orders, however, the United States requests that this Court permanently enjoin the State from issuing any FUTURE (emphasis added) voucher awards to these students UNLESS AND UNTIL IT OBTAINS AUTHORIZATION FROM THE FEDERAL COURT OVERSEEING THE APPLICABLE DESEGREGATION CASE (emphasis added).
Even if you reject the argument that Louisiana's voucher schools are significantly worse, on the whole, than its public schools, even if you believe that federal desegregation orders are antiquated and counterproductive, even if you fully embrace the privatization of our education system, the simple truth is, no matter how you cut it: Governor Bobby Jindal is a liar. He and his administration were non-compliant and derelict in their duties. He's lied about the Department of Justice's motion; he's lied about his voucher program; he's lied about desegregation orders, and perhaps most shamefully, he's attempting to capitalize politically from these lies.
Remember, the Department of Justice isn't attempting to shut down Jindal's voucher program. The Department of Justice isn't asking for a court to revoke vouchers already awarded to students. No, instead, the Department of Justice is asking for Bobby Jindal and John White to comply with the law and provide the federal government with the requisite information needed to authorize compliance with court-ordered desegregation in thirteen school districts, information that, thus far, they have refused to adequately furnish.
I've been covering Bobby Jindal for years, but I've been reluctant to call him a flat-out liar. This, however, is too blatant to ignore. So I'll say it again for emphasis: Bobby Jindal is a liar. Quoting from a report filed by the National Press Club (bold mine):
Bobby Jindal, Republican governor of Louisiana, called a recent Department of Justice (DOJ) lawsuit to block Louisiana's school-voucher system “cynical, immoral and hypocritical” at a National Press Club Newsmaker Sept. 18. The lawsuit would block the program, which provides vouchers that parents can use to pay for schools of their choice in Louisiana parishes that operate under federal desegregation orders. (Note: Not true; the lawsuit only seeks to block the future dispersement of public dollars for school vouchers in parishes that do not provide documentation ensuring compliance with the law). The governor termed the suit cynical because it would use desegregation laws designed to protect minority children to trap those children in failing schools. Ninety percent of the children in the voucher program are minorities, mostly low income, Jindal said. (Note: Not true; neither Governor Jindal nor Superintendent White have ever provided documentation that voucher schools perform better than public schools). The suit is immoral because children only grow up once and it is immoral to tell them to wait for gradual improvement in schools, Jindal said. Jindal found the suit hypocritical because Attorney General Eric Holder and President Barack Obama have the means to send their own children to schools they choose while the administration's lawsuit would prevent low-income Louisiana parents from having the same privilege.
A day after making these remarks in Washington, D.C., Jindal rolled out a brand-new website, launched a $500,000 television ad buy, and asked supporters to sign onto a petition. Not surprisingly, Jindal's waging a war against a Trojan horse, and he's spending a ton of money hoping that his supporters are dumb enough (or unquestionably loyal enough) to reflexively agree with him on anything that appeals to their dislike of President Obama (who, incidentally, is more popular in Louisiana than Governor Jindal).
Here's Jindal's $500,000 commercial, coming soon to a station near you (at least those of you in Louisiana):
And here's what this commercial proves: Bobby Jindal thinks the people of Louisiana are stupid, and he thinks he can resurrect his own political credibility by lying about the Department of Justice's motion and lying about the Affordable Care Act.
A few years ago, Jindal's response to President Obama's first-ever address to a joint session of Congress was panned, in large part, because Jindal came across like a bad facsimile of Mister Rogers, a “golly-gee” huckster who spoke to the American public with the cadence of an overly-earnest preschool teacher.
Bobby Jindal, the cheerful “preexisting condition”:
“The know-it-alls in Washington think they know better than Louisiana parents,” he says in his recent ad. “Kind of like with Obamacare, when they tried to put the IRS in charge of our healthcare.”
Of course, the Affordable Care Act (or “Obamacare”) doesn't “put the IRS in charge of our healthcare,” and Jindal is, once again, lying. Flat-out lying.
But he paid Timmy Teepell a bunch of money for this ad, and they likely spent weeks, if not months, strategizing on how to best maximize the Department of Justice's motion for political gain. Quoting from Jindal's new website (bold mine):
The Civil Rights movement 50 years ago was about getting disadvantaged kids into better schools. (Note: That's a radically, insultingly reductionistic and patently self-aggrandizing understanding of the Civil Rights movement; it was about much more than “getting disadvantaged kids into better schools”). Now President Obama and Attorney General Holder have warped it so much that they are filing a civil rights lawsuit to force Louisiana kids OUT of better schools and back into failing schools. For generations, the government has forced parents to send their child to a failing school. In Louisiana, parents finally have a choice to send their child to a better school. But President Obama and Eric Holder have filed suit to force Louisiana parents to go to a federal judge to get approval about where they can send their child to school. The Department of Justice suit is trying to block the Scholarship Program by using the same rules that were set up to prevent discrimination against minority children. It's perplexing that rules made up to fight racism are now being used to keep minority students in failing schools. This action by the President and Attorney General boils down to pure politics. No one in their right mind could argue that their actions will help these kids. It's just not possible to make that argument. They are putting their allegiance to government unions ahead of the needs of students. They are doing what they always do – taking the “Washington knows better than Louisiana” approach to government. Giving every single child – no matter their race or their income – the opportunity to get a great education is a moral imperative and we must fight this suit and ensure Louisiana children continue to have an equal opportunity of education.
But here's what Gary Orfield told Education Weekly (bold mine):
Gary Orfield, the co-director of the Civil Rights Project at the University of California, Los Angeles, said he considered the state's response to the motion “99 percent political” and that the Justice Department is on very strong ground. “While desegregation orders are in effect, you can't take actions that undermine those orders while under the supervision of a federal court,” said Mr. Orfield, an expert on and longtime advocate for desegregation. “I think the reaction of the state is completely out of proportion with what the Justice Department is proposing.”
His administration didn't accidentally withhold information for months from the Department of Justice; Jindal was practically begging to be sued.
As the least popular Governor in the country and the least popular Governor in Louisiana history, Jindal is now hoping he can buy and lie his way back, arguing that the DoJ's motion on desegregation compliance amounts to a federal takeover of Louisiana's entire public education system, suggesting that Obamacare somehow puts the IRS in control of healthcare, tying these two ridiculous lies together thematically (and with background music), and banking on the hope that the people of Louisiana are none the wiser.
It's cynical; it's immoral; it's hypocritical, but maybe, just maybe, it will sell.
There are a couple things I'd be curious to get feedback on:
Safety First
There are some great environmentally friendly options for removing paint. There are also a lot of people who still push the use of chemical paint strippers that used to be really popular back in the day and people who take their advice, not realizing the side effects of what Internet has told them to use. I'm a firm believer of using non-toxic solutions instead of resorting to the nastier ones.
The following is going to sound a little "tin-foil hat" but it's worth pointing out because it discusses a serious chemical we're apt to encounter in our daily lives without realizing it and something being recommended on plenty of forums and Facebook groups.
What am I talking about?
The 3 primary offenders are Brake Fluid, Nail Polish Remover (containing Acetone) and straight Acetone.
[UPDATE] I'm adding Oven Cleaner to this list as it's been recommended by a few people as an alternative. Oven Cleaner seems to have less long term effects, but MUCH more dangerous immediate effects due to how corrosive it is. (Blindness and respiratory damage.)
At some point, when people were looking for paint strippers that don't melt plastic, they chose miniatures over their own health. I have no idea why Brake Fluid began being used, but I can see someone trying Nail Polish Remover - it's a chemical used for removing strong and sealed paint. If it's widely used, then it's got to be safe, right? The next step was undertaken by people seeking out the active ingredient that made nail polish remover so great at stripping paint - Acetone. Again, if people everywhere were soaking their fingers in it, it had to be safe, right?
Wrong
And lets not forget,
And then,
Now, this brake fluid isn't anywhere near as bad as Acetone, but it's still not great. It's one more thing to keep out of reach of kids, and can cause a lot of irritation. When you're handling and scrubbing a miniature covered in this stuff, residue's going to cover your fingers, get under your nails (Which is why you wear gloves.) and fly all over. (Which is why you wear goggles.) But the bits flying around still add a chemical residue to your workspace that you don't want on your hands if you have to scratch an eye or are eating a snack.
Conflicting Information
Dermatitis, defatting, coma, liver and kidney damage, mutagenicity, affect the central nervous system, traces of cancer & birth defect causing agents, among other things. But keep in mind, we're talking about a chemical that is still widely used by the cosmetic industry and people everywhere, (Walmart sells cheap "professional" nail polish remover that is DON'T DO THIS.) There are other tests which it was decided, 20 years ago, not to perform. But keep in mind, we're talking about a chemical that is still widely used by the cosmetic industry and people everywhere, (Walmart sells cheap "professional" nail polish remover that is 100% acetone .) so there is wildly varying information on it. (For example, the Canadian Centre for Occupational Health and Safety says it's ok to drink acetone .) There are other tests which it was decided, 20 years ago, not to perform.
"Prolonged Exposure" and "Over Exposure"
Taking off the tin-foil hat, many (but not all) of the side effects of these chemicals deal with situations where you're using them on a daily basis (Prolonged Exposure) or are exposed to way more than you normally would. (Over Exposure) This reduces the chances of being harmed by these chemicals if you're just stripping paint from time to time, but certainly doesn't make the risks go away. Some media outlets are shining a light on the lack of testing and dangers that face people like beauticians, who work with this stuff all the time.
A Cautionary Tale of Chemical Reactions Safety Measures
If you are going to go the route of using a chemical in your hobby efforts, always wear protective gear like safety goggles
Proper Disposal If you are going to go the route of using a chemical in your hobby efforts, always wear protective gear like safetythat hug the face (and fit over glasses) and rubber / latex gloves. Depending on what you're working with, a face mask and proper ventilation / working outside is a good idea. Be aware of potential health risks and how to deal with accidents by searching manufacturers for the product's Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) which they're required to provide to you, BEFORE beginning. Read instructions fully and be aware of how chemicals can react to things around them.
In addition, there are the environmental effects. All these chemicals (including nail polish btw) are supposed to be dropped off at your local chemical disposal unit. (Usually a separate building at the dump.) That includes the leftover liquid you have after stripping paint.
In Conclusion
Material Safety Data Sheet - Simple Green Since there are natural, environmentally friendly alternatives, that work just as well, why not use them in the first place?
Don't be that person who swears by chemical strippers and continues to suggest them to other hobbyists because you've "used them for years and never hurt yourself." Maybe you do take all the necessary precautions, but people get hurt from accidents every day. Consider the audience - that there are a ton of people, including kids, who turn to Internet for information and assume that if others are doing it, it's perfectly safe. Reducing the chance of injury makes our hobby a safer pass time. I've yet to read a compelling argument that defends the use of chemicals in comparison to healthy alternatives. Since there are natural, environmentally friendly alternatives,, why not use them in the first place?Don't be that person who swears by chemical strippers and continues to suggest them to other hobbyists because you've "used them for years and never hurt yourself." Maybe you do take all the necessary precautions, but people get hurt from accidents every day. Consider the audience - that there are a ton of people, including kids, who turn to Internet for information and assume that if others are doing it, it's perfectly safe. Reducing the chance of injury makes our hobby a safer pass time. I've yet to read a compelling argument that defends the use of chemicals in comparison to healthy alternatives.
[Update] Lead Miniatures
A good point was brought up through the comments on this article that another thing to be concerned about when handling and scrubbing old miniatures is that minis used to be made out of lead. This means more residue and chemical baths full of stuff you don't want to handle.
Removing Paint from a Single Spot
You can pour a little in to the cap and Q-Tips work great for removing the paint. Either rub the surface or twirl it in a recessed area.
On Thagrosh Gesso
Stripping Miniatures
Plastic miniatures may take longer to strip and you could end up with some of the primer left bonded to the plastic.
Taking Minis Apart (Optional)
It can be helpful to take miniatures apart before starting over from scratch. It lets you reposition parts, modify them, gain access too hard to paint areas, clean off gobs of glue and can make cleaning off paint easier. This is optional though, since many paint strippers will also weaken glues and can make this process easier if you dismantle after soaking the miniature.
[Update]A good point was brought up through the comments on this article that another thing to be concerned about when handling and scrubbing old miniatures is that minis used to be made out of lead. This means more residue and chemical baths full of stuff you don't want to handle. Alcohol is a good go-to if you've got a spot you want to remove the paint from. You can get it from drug stores and look for the 99% instead of the ones diluted with water.You can pour a little in to the cap and Q-Tips work great for removing the paint. Either rub the surface or twirl it in a recessed area.On, I decided to redo his face and wanted to start from pewter to prevent paint from caking too thick. Paint someon the model's surface before painting again so you have a primed surface. Pictured are the two miniatures I'll be stripping of their paint. Both are pewter, though the Marine on the left is probably over 10 years old and the elf on the right is about a year. This gives an idea of how the process works on paint jobs of different ages.Plastic miniatures may take longer to strip and you could end up with some of the primer left bonded to the plastic.It can be helpful to take miniatures apart before starting over from scratch. It lets you reposition parts, modify them, gain access too hard to paint areas, clean off gobs of glue and can make cleaning off paint easier. This isthough, since many paint strippers will also weaken glues and can make this process easier if you dismantle after soaking the miniature.
Stripping the Model
The brush might not catch everything, so for the nooks and crannies I like to use a dentist pick, but tweezers or a hobby knife can work as well. You shouldn't have to scratch the miniature, just pull and push the paint off. Remember that any paint left will obscure details once you prime the miniature.
Taking Apart the Rest
As I mentioned above, paint stripper also does a good number on superglue.
At this point you can use a hobby knife to cut and pry off stuff like glued flock or caked on glued areas.
Cleaning Up
Use some hand soap with your brush and scrub the miniature clean to remove any residue from the stripper or pieces of paint left on the model.
Completed
Seriously, looks good as new.
Leftover Paint Stripper
You can usually use paint stripper multiple times, but you'll need to store it somewhere. This is another reason to use something like an old margarine or yogurt container.
Careful about storing chemicals
If you're not using a safe stripper like Simple Green, look up the MSDS sheet for the chemical you're using to know how to safely store it.
Disposal
MSDS sheets also instruct you how to dispose of chemicals. Simple Green's website instructs you to just make sure you don't pour out used liquid near a storm drain, but chemicals should be brought to your local chemical disposal, usually a unit at the city dump.
The brush might not catch everything, so for the nooks and crannies I like to use a dentist pick, but tweezers or a hobby knife can work as well. You shouldn't have to scratch the miniature, just pull and push the paint off. Remember that any paint left will obscure details once you prime the miniature.As I mentioned above, paint stripper also does a good number on superglue.At this point you can use a hobby knife to cut and pry off stuff like glued flock or caked on glued areas.Use some hand soap with your brush and scrub the miniature clean to remove any residue from the stripper or pieces of paint left on the model.Seriously, looks good as new.You can usually use paint stripper multiple times, but you'll need to store it somewhere. This is another reason to use something like an old margarine or yogurt container.If you're not using a safe stripper like Simple Green, look up the MSDS sheet for the chemical you're using to know how to safely store it.MSDS sheets also instruct you how to dispose of chemicals. Simple Green's website instructs you to just make sure you don't pour out used liquid near a storm drain, but chemicals should be brought to your local chemical disposal, usually a unit at the city dump.
Tarn Adams, the developers of ambitious simulation game Dwarf Fortress, has agreed to send the game's source code to the Museum of Modern Art in New York City when he dies. There it will live on, held up as an important piece of culture.
Check our list of the best strategy games for more thoughtful play.
“They wanted me to put in my will that they want the source code upon my demise,” Dwarf Fortress co-creator Tarn Adams told Eurogamer. “I haven't actually prepared the document yet, but I've told the people that would be handling my computers when I die or whatever, that they can go ahead and send it to the MoMA.”
This happened off the back of the game's inclusion in another exhibit, the Applied Design exhibition. At that showcase, Adams gave a short talk about the game and its systems in a video commentary. That was the start of the conversation, and that's also when the museum asked for the source code.
While most developers are hesitant to hand out their source code, museum or not, Adams and his brother, Zach, feel like being open is the best way forward.
“This isn't just for the museum. In general we've said everything will go open source eventually,” said Adams.
Update (5:27 pm, April 18)
Today, the Rules and Elections Committee has released a revision to their original Sanction 9. In this revision, R&E state that upon further evidence brought to them during the appeals process, they could not prove that “A Stronger Union” campaigned as a party after Sanction 8. As a result, they have decided to remove all sanctions applied to Han and Etzine. However, they find that Sudano is in violation of the GM Handbook honor code and leave the sanctions of sanction 9 applicable. Their revision can be found on Flagship Docs.
Original Story
The Rules and Elections Committee has released the following sanction regarding the GM Week 2015 elections:
Referencing Sanction 8 issued during Grand Marshal Week 2015 Elections, which barred the party, A Stronger Union, from actively campaigning as a party,
In light of evidence brought to the Rules and Elections Committee by members of the Union, which proved A Stronger Union undertook actions on April 16, 2015, after the release of Sanction 8, which constituted actively campaigning as a party,
Recognizing that the purchased campaign materials involved in this incident were not recorded on their party expense forms,
Due to the failure of the officers of the A Stronger Union party to follow the rules in the Grand Marshal Week 2015 Election Handbook and Sanction 8, the following candidates are disqualified and barred from the Grand Marshal Week 2015 Elections:
Andrew Sudano, President
Michael Han, Co-President
Justin Etzine, Party Manager
This does not invalidate the races in which these candidates were involved.
Approved: 6-0-1
Members Present: Paul Ilori (Chair), Michael Hoherchak, Anthony Barbieri, Jacob Derechin, Paul Blejwas, Melanie Todis, Tim Breen, Victoria Phan.
Boisterous crowd voices concerns at Rep. Taylor's first town hall in Va. Beach Copyright by WAVY - All rights reserved (Joe Fisher/WAVY Photo) [ + - ] Video
VIRGINIA BEACH, Va. (WAVY) -- Representative Scott Taylor (R-VA) held a packed town hall meeting at Kempsville High School in Virginia Beach Monday night.
10 On Your Side's Joe Fisher reports the crowd was at capacity with about 750 people inside. Hundreds more were turned away at the door because they couldn't fit in the school's auditorium. A few hundred people gathered outside as well -- some of them protesting and chanting.
Emotions were high as Taylor's constituents voiced their concerns. Many pressed the congressman on his stance on issues as well as his opinion about President Donald Trump's administration and policies.
"Our country is very divided right now," Congressman Taylor said at the start of the town hall.
Taylor took 35 questions in the 90-minute meeting.
Responding to one question, Taylor said he supports a bipartisan investigation into Russia's alleged involvement in the 2016 election. He said he doesn't support an independent investigation, as some local lawmakers have called for.
As for an investigation into the president's ties to Russia, Taylor said, "I know that the FBI is investigating that. They actually said it is broader than just Flynn. I have every confidence that if there is something, they'll find it."
Taylor also said he supports the repeal of the Affordable Care Act and the implementation of a new policy that doesn't discriminate against people with pre-existing conditions.
"The vast majority of people are getting crushed by Obamacare," he said. "What's responsible I believe, is dissecting, having a discussion, and finding the best thing."
This is the first of three town hall meetings Taylor has scheduled this week. The second is at 6:30 p.m. Tuesday at York High School. The last meeting takes place at 6:30 p.m. Wednesday at Eastern Shore Community College.
PORTLAND – A social service agency's support for same-sex marriage has cost it local and national funding from the Catholic Church's anti-poverty program.
Preble Street's Homeless Voices for Justice program has lost $17,400 this year and will lose $33,000 that it expected for its next fiscal year.
Officials with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Portland and the Washington-based Catholic Campaign for Human Development say that Preble Street violated its grant agreement by supporting Maine's “No on 1” campaign last fall.
No on 1 opposed a ballot proposal to overturn the new state law legalizing gay marriage. Voters approved Question 1 on Nov. 3.
Homeless Voices for Justice, a statewide advocacy group, is led by people who have been homeless. It works on issues that affect the homeless, such as supporting affordable housing and preventing violence against the homeless.
Portland-based Preble Street, which runs a dozen programs to provide housing and other services for the poor and the homeless, provides staff support for Homeless Voices for Justice.
Catholics for Marriage Equality has begun an effort to replace the lost funding by raising $17,400 for Homeless Voices for Justice. Anne Underwood, a co-founder of the group that advocates for same-sex marriage, said Bishop Richard Malone is punishing the homeless because of politics.
“This is petty vindictiveness,” she said. “After the election is over, suddenly the money is revoked from poor people because of a political opinion held by the bishop.”
Underwood said that many Catholics in Maine will now think twice before donating money to the church to help fight poverty. “People who are homeless should not be used in political games,” she said.
Sue Bernard, spokeswoman for the diocese, said the diocese requires agencies that receive funding to conform to the moral and social teachings of the Catholic Church. She said Preble Street agreed to that requirement when it applied for the money.
She provided the Portland Press Herald with a copy of Preble Street's application, signed by Mark Swann, the agency's executive director.
In the application, filled out on Jan. 7, 2009, Swann wrote “no” when asked if his organization promotes or advocates same-sex marriage.
During the campaign leading up to the referendum in November, Preble Street was listed as a coalition partner on the “No on 1/Protect Maine Equality” Web site.
In December, Catholic Charities Maine, which is led by Malone, sent a letter to Preble Street asking it to return $2,400 that the diocese had granted for the Homeless Voices for Justice program.
“We regret the collaboration must end at this time,” wrote Sandra Thompson of Catholic Charities Maine, who coordinated the distribution of the church's local anti-poverty funds. “Accountability to the Catholic community requires this.”
The local money for the grants is raised every year through special collections in churches around the state. Bernard said the $2,400 will be given to a different group that helps the poor. The award has not yet been announced.
In his letter returning the money, Swann urged Malone to reconsider the decision. He said that Homeless Voices for Justice operates under an independent board, which did not take a position on Question 1.
Punishing the program by “demanding the return of much-needed funds because of Preble Street's advocacy around issues of social justice is deeply troubling,” Swann wrote.
He said Preble Street decided to join the coalition that opposed Question 1 because issues of sexual orientation are the single greatest cause of homelessness among youths.
He did not comment further on Tuesday, saying his letter could speak for itself.
The Catholic Campaign for Human Development, the national group, awarded $30,000 to Homeless Voices for Justice. It had already given half of the grant when it said in January that it would not provide the rest and asked for a refund of any unspent money. All of the money had been spent.
The group runs the Catholic Church's domestic anti-poverty program. It had been funding Homeless Voices for Justice for 13 years.
Randy Keesler, a grants specialist for the group, said he was surprised that Preble Street took a position on Question 1 without informing him or anyone else on his staff.
He said his staff learned about it when critics began to use Preble Street's position on gay marriage as an example of how the Catholic Campaign for Human Development was taking political positions contradicting the church's theological teachings.
“We liked Homeless Voices a great deal. I felt badly for having to cancel the grant,” he said. “This was very difficult for us to do.”
Staff Writer Tom Bell can be contacted at 791-6369 or at: [email protected]
Share
Victoria Pickett (11) arrived late this season after signing her letter of intent Aug. 25, but made an impact right away. Jason Chan /The Badger Herald
After missing the beginning of the 2015 season, freshman Victoria Pickett faced an uphill battle to prove herself as a reliable starter in the Big Ten's most talented midfield.
Pickett didn't sign her letter of intent to play at UW until Aug. 25, and didn't even join the team until after the second game of the season.
Between the team's slow start to the season and the pressure to quickly learn the Badgers's system, there was little margin for error by the time she first took the field in early September, making her first start of the season at Loyola-Chicago the fifth game of the season.
Working in Pickett's favor, however, was the mentorship and support from senior midfielder Kinley McNicoll, both a former teammate with the Canadian national program and longtime friend. As teammates in 2014 for the U-20 World Cup and the 2015 Pan-American Games, the two shared some memorable victories, reaching the knockout stages in both tournaments.
But surprisingly enough, Pickett said McNicoll wasn't a factor in her decision to join the Badgers. Instead, it was a completely different scenario, and one she laughs about when looking back.
“I didn't even know she was attending here before I committed, but once I did visit, it made my decision that much easier because I'd know a fellow Canadian,” Pickett said. “It was really nice knowing I have a friend to rely on if I'm ever homesick, and I can talk about stuff back at home because I have Kinley there.”
Pickett, who played defensive back during her time with U-20 Canada, said she was thrilled to transition back into her natural position of midfielder upon her arrival to the Badgers. In addition to McNicoll, she had two other all-conference caliber midfielders to help her get reacquainted with the position in Rose Lavelle and McKenna Meuer.
As a result, Pickett wasted little time making an impact on offense, earning her first assist just 55 minutes into her University of Wisconsin career and netting her first goal two games later, a second-half equalizer against in-state rival UW-Milwaukee.
Despite her early success, Pickett hasn't lost sight of the progression still ahead of her, or the help of her teammates.
“I've been getting more comfortable in the position, but I still have tons to learn,” Pickett said. “Players like Rose and Kinley and everyone else have really helped me adjust.”
Either way, the points kept coming for Pickett, and often during crucial moments of Wisconsin's current eight-game winning streak. She was especially valuable during the team's recent road trip to Iowa and Nebraska, when she netted three points on her way to earning Big Ten Freshman of the Week honors.
Pickett's contributions have only magnified the efforts of the Badgers entire midfield on offense, a unit that has scored 75 percent of the team's total goals (18 of 24) as of Oct. 19.
After years of playing the facilitator role to her star forwards up top in Cara Walls and Kodee Williams, McNicoll relishes the opportunity to take more shots and show her abilities in an attacking role.
“I like how the midfield this year has a bigger emphasis in the attack, because ever since I was little, my coaches had told me that it's not just strikers who score goals; the midfielders can too,” McNicoll said. “The midfield is the workhorse, and you have to work just as hard on defense than you do on the attack, so I do like having a bigger emphasis in the attack.”
It's a necessity that Pickett and the rest of the midfield have taken with open arms, especially senior McNicoll.
But with Pickett in the mix, head coach Paula Wilkins believes the offense is peaking at the right time.
“I think we've found the right combination of players and they got played in with one another,” Wilkins said. “Pickett was a late add and I think she's been a serious offensive threat that's caused some problems with other teams.”
For # MLP-ATG-Alumni week 11 themes, draw a pony fighting a boss or villain. Okay, so they aren't quite fighting at the moment, but Angel's probably just deciding what 3-minute-long spell he wants to cast.I decided to get punny with this one, obviously. While this idea felt a little obvious, it was the only one I was coming up with. This wasn't my favorite theme ever, and I have a project I want to finish before the new season starts, so I kept this picture simple so it wouldn't take up too much time. So while I tried to copy the colors of Sephiroth's wing from the end of Final Fantasy VII, I didn't really try that hard. I kinda got a little lazy with this one, to be honest, so the sketch was like half an hour, and vectorizing it was another 2 hours. And like 45 minutes of that was just on the wing.I thought about making Fluttershy look like Aeris, but realized that could have unfortunate implications.
Elizabeth Warren (Reuters)
Elizabeth Warren (Reuters)
For seniors, health care reform means expanding Medicare coverage to pick up the costs of prescription drugs. As the donut hole closes, the average Massachusetts senior has so far saved about $650. But Mitt Romney, Scott Brown, and their fellow Republicans want to take that away. For young people, health care reform means staying on their parents' insurance plans until they are 26. So far, more than 20,000 young people here in Massachusetts have taken advantage of this. But Romney, Brown, and their fellow Republicans want to take that away. For everyone, health care reform means access to preventive care like colonoscopies or mammograms without co-pays. Early detection can save both lives and money. In Massachusetts, 780,000 individuals have received such services. But Republicans want to take that away. For anyone who develops cancer, a chronic illness, or any medical condition that can cost a staggering amount of money, health care reform means that their insurance company can't set some arbitrary limit on lifetime coverage. Because of that, countless families will have more secure and stable health care. But Republicans want to take that away. For small business owners who are struggling with rising health care costs, the federal reforms give tax breaks on insurance coverage. But Republicans want to take away that tax break for small businesses.
Here's Elizabeth Warren, in an guest column for theThe irony for Massachusetts residents is that they've had all that, thanks to Mitt Romney and Scott Brown. Romney crafted the state health insurance experiment that has extended coverage to 98 percent of the state's population, and Scott Brown voted for it. Until President Obama and congressional Democrats decided to adopt that model, these two Republicans were all for it. Now they want to prevent the rest of the country from keeping these newly granted benefits; from having the same benefits that people in their home state have.
Contrast that with the vision of Elizabeth Warren, who recognizes how critical access to health care is to economic stability for families all over the country: "Now that the Supreme Court has resolved the last challenge to health care reforms, we have a real opportunity to move ahead, to concentrate on strengthening our economy and giving hardworking families a chance to build real security. It's time to move forward."
That's the kind of talk that helped Warren raise a whopping $8.67 million this quarter. That's obvious, because more than 80 percent of her donations were $50 or less.
Let's bump that percentage of low dollar donations up even more. Please contribute $3 to Elizabeth Warren on Orange to Blue.
Tax office commissioner Chris Jordan says ATO is trying to understand why amendment is not being fully adhered to
The head of the Australian Tax Office has hinted that a law passed in 2015 to combat multinational tax avoidance already needs strengthening.
ATO commissioner Chris Jordan says the tax office is trying to understand why an amendment to the Combating Multinational Tax Avoidance Act (2015), which requires the Australian operations of multinational corporations with global income above $1bn to file their own ‘general purpose' financial statements in Australia, is not being fully adhered to.
Australian-specific general purpose financial statements are important because they allow the ATO and the Australian Securities and Investments Commission to see more clearly what economic activity each operation is generating.
Corporate tax non-compliance costing government $2.5bn, says commissioner Read more
Jordan told the National Press Club in Canberra on Wednesday that ATO officials were working with Treasury to understand how the legislation was being interpreted by some multinationals, and if it needed to be reconfigured.
Independent journalist Michael West told a corporate tax avoidance inquiry on Tuesday that an ATO source had told him some multinationals had found a “loophole” in the amendment.
He said some multinationals told the ATO they were not going to file general purpose financial statements for their entities in Australia, but would file general purpose reports for their head offices overseas instead, “mocking the intention of parliament, mocking the spirit of its lawmakers and mocking the laws of this country,” West said.
Jordan said on Wednesday it would be a “lot more convenient” if the Australian operations of multinational corporations filed general purpose accounts to the ATO.
“What we want, is Australian operations general purpose accounts,” he said. “Now we can get that … and we're working through that issue now to see how we can get to that point.”
Coalition shifting tax burden from businesses to individuals, budget office reveals Read more
When asked whether it was a loophole or not, Jordan said: “Well, is it a loophole? That's what the law says. So the law says one thing, maybe that's not what was originally intended, so we're working through to see how we can have a sensible, meaningful resolution to it.”
KPMG says on its website that the amendment “potentially has wide ramifications”, but the meaning of the amendment is “not entirely clear”.
It says the amendment is directed towards the financial reporting by entities of multinational corporations with global income above $1bn.
However, it then advises that there's considerable doubt as to whether the amendment means the Australian operations of large global entities need to prepare their own general purpose financial statements, or whether the legislation would be satisfied by a single general purpose statement being published by a global head office.
“It would appear the intention [of the amendment] is that only one set of consolidated general purpose financial statements need to be prepared if the above-mentioned company is a member of an Australian accounting consolidated group, thus reducing some of the compliance burden,” KPMG has advised.
“We're working with Treasury through this issue about how it does work, because I think it was one of these late night Senate amendments the Greens and [others] passed.,” said Jordan.
Celebrate the month of love with Treetopia and get the chance to win a set of Winter White Tabletop Trees and an ornament set with our Valentine's Day Giveaway!
Treetopia's Valentine's Day Giveaway
To enter, complete and submit the entry form found on the official contest app, and complete the following actions to get additional entries:
Leave a comment on the blog, answering the question: “What are the little things your partner does for you that you love?” (+3 entries)
Subscribe to Treetopia's newsletter (+2 entries)
Visit the Treetopia Facebook page (+1 entry)
Tweet about the giveaway on Twitter with the hashtag #XOTreetopia (+1 entry)
Follow Treetopia on Pinterest (+1 entry)
Follow Treetopia on Instagram (+1 entry)
Visit the Treetopia website (+1 entry)
Entrants can submit up to 10 (ten) entries for the duration of the Giveaway Period. Entries received beyond the Submission Period will be void. You may only use one (1) email address to enter this Giveaway.
Winners will be determined at the end of the Giveaway Period via random drawing by a Treetopia representative. To five (5) Winners, Treetopia will each award one (1) set of unlit Winter White Tabletop Trees and 1 (one) randomly chosen set of ornaments from among the following three options:
Entry submission for the giveaway begins at 8:00 a.m. PST on February 1, 2016, and ends 11:59 p.m. PST on February 7, 2016. Winners will be announced on or about February 8, 2016. This Giveaway is open to legal residents of the 50 United States, at least 18 years of age or older.
Win amazing prizes by sharing the little things you love most. Join Treetopia's giveaway today!
by
Who leans to the left and who moves to the right? which paper supports Netanyahu and who goes after him? a short guide to the subtleties of the Hebrew press
Newspapers in Israel have always been of great importance. One of the first things early Zionists did in Palestine was to create their own Hebrew papers. Every major political faction had its own publication, usually a national daily. Even today, with the decline of printed journalism, papers are still widely read, especially among opinion makers.
The Hebrew papers raise issues and frame political questions; Knesset members often quote news items and op-eds during Knesset debates, and Knesset committees conduct debates on issues exposed by the printed media. It is worth noting that Israel has never had strong local daily papers, so the printed media always tended to deal with national questions of diplomacy, politics and security, and less with local issues such as crime and local policies. So if you want to understand Israeli society and Israeli politics, you need to understand Hebrew printed media.
The old party papers died over the last two decades or so, and today's papers don't have a certain partisan affiliation. Papers in Israel usually don't endorse candidates or parties, but they do have a political line. In the cases of Haaretz and Yisrael Hayom this line is very clear. With Maariv – and especially with Yedioth – it tends to be more subtle, and has changed over the years.
Here is a short guide to the political lines taken by Israel's newspapers these days. Remember that these assessments are subjective as well, and reflect my own views and knowledge. Disclaimer: I worked for Maariv and for Yedioth's internet division in the past, and in the past six months I have written a few stories for Haaretz.
Yedioth Ahronoth
Market Share* (June 2010): 35 percent on weekdays, 43.7 on weekends.
Internet site: Ynet (English edition here).
Politics: After years of dominating the printed media market, Israel's leading tabloid has met a fierce rival – the free paper Yisrael Hayom, launched three years ago by gambling billionaire Sheldon Adelson. Many people believe that this is the reason for the sharp anti-Netanyahu tone Yedioth has taken over the past year. The paper is constantly publishing articles attacking the Prime Minister, his staff and even his wife. Star pundit Nahum Barnea is especially hostile to Netanyahu; in fact, I think there is only one columnist in Yedioth – Hanoch Daum – who is an open Netanyahu supporter and a proxy to the Netanyahu family.
Leaving Netanyahu aside, Yedioth is a fairly centrist paper. It tends to be conservative on military and security issues, but more open than other tabloids when it comes to dealing with civil rights issues. The campaign the paper launched against the State Prosecution and the Supreme Court for their intervention in policy issues and nominations of high ranking officials seems to have calmed down recently.
I think people outside Israel don't pay enough attention to Yedioth. For years, the paper was known for its ability to capture the voice of the average middle class Israeli. The front page story of the papers' weekend magazine always presented “the man of the moment”, or the story that would be discussed during the following week. Yedioth is not as strong today – but it is still the most important media organization in Israel. Yedioth's internet site (Ynet) is by far the most popular news site in Israel.
Yair Lapid, channel 2 anchormen and a possible candidate in the next elections, has a widely read column in Yedioth.
The bottom line for Yedioth Ahronoth: Conservative on security and Supreme Court; critical of the government and Netanyahu himself; slightly more liberal than the two other tabloids.
Yisrael Hayom
Market Share (June 2010): 35 percent on weekdays, 25.7 on weekends.
Internet site: Yisrael Hayom (Hebrew, printed edition only).
Politics: According to most estimates, Sheldon Adelson's free tabloid, which is circulated in 250,000 copies, is losing money. But Adelson's intention in launching the paper was not to gain profits, but political influence.
Adelson's paper is edited by a former proxy to Netanyahu, Amos Regev. Under Regev, Israel Hayom is extremely supportive of the Prime Minister, constantly pushing stories that present Netanyahu and his family in a positive way. Recently, the paper is taking on an even more nationalistic editorial line.
[A more detailed post about the ties between Yisrael Hayom and Netanyahu can be found here.]
Yisrael Hayom is very hostile to the Palestinians; it tends to emphasize security threats and to present a favorable coverage of some of the new Knesset bills which are aimed against the Arab minority, Arabs members of Knesset and leftwing NGO's (though one could find in it from time to time an occasional op-ed expressing different views).
Yisrael Hayom is supportive of the State Prosecution and the Supreme Court, but only on corruption issues, not civil rights ones.
Yisrael Hayom doesn't have its own publishing house, so the paper has outsourced its printing and distribution to Haaretz. There are rumors that this move saved Haaretz from bankruptcy.
The bottom line for Yisrael Hayom: Conservative on security, diplomacy and civil rights; highly supportive of Netanyahu.
Maariv
Market Share (June 2010): 12.5 percent on weekdays, 16.1 on weekends.
Internet site: nrg (Hebrew only).
Politics: for years, Maariv was Yedioth's greatest enemy (when I moved from Ynet to Maariv in 2003, I was told by one of the senior editors that I would never write for Yedioth again), but now both papers join hands in the battle against Yisrael Hayom.
Maariv ran into financial difficulties more than six years ago, and since then it has been changing its editors and CEO's frequently. A new team of editors (Yoav Zur and Yoav Golan), and a new co-publisher (businessman Zachi Rachiv) seem to have stabilized the paper a bit recently.
Under its new editors, Maariv has taken a sharp turn to the right. The paper's subtle criticism of Netanyahu could be a bit misleading. Maariv keeps a very nationalistic and conservative line. It was Maariv that launched the campaign against the New Israel Fund by publishing the Im Tirzu reports. The paper is extremely hostile to the Arab population and to human rights organizations, and recently, it shows a hospitable attitude to the settlement project (a recent double spread all but invited people to live in Tapuach, a settlement formally known as the stronghold of Kahane supporters). Among Israeli papers, Maariv is the most supportive of Avigdor Lieberman's policies, and it usually presents a somewhat favorable coverage of the bills Israel Beitenu is trying to pass in the Knesset.
Rumors have it that it was a conscious decision by Maariv's editors and managing board to take an editorial line that would exploit the current nationalistic trends in the Israeli society. The promotion of conservative contributors such as Kalman Livskind and Ben-Dror Yemini support this theory. Yemini is known for his campaigning against “lefty” influence in the Israel academia and media. He has repeatedly called to hold state funds from critical movies and from artists and professors who are “anti-Israeli”. Last week he published a double spread attacking Haaretz journalist Gidon Levi for an interview he gave to the Independent.
The bottom line for Maariv: Highly conservative on security; anti-civil rights, anti-Supreme Court; slightly critical of Netanyahu and Defense Minister Ehud Barak.
UPDATE: Maariv was bought by Israeli tycoon Nochy Dankner, and is currently (fall 2011) edited by Nir Chefetz, former spokesperson for PM Binyamin Netanyahuu.
Haaretz
Market Share (June 2010): 6.4 percent on weekdays, 7.4 on weekends.
Internet site: Haaretz (English site here).
Politics: Haaretz was Israel's liberal paper for many years, and one could claim that it's the only paper committed to supporting civil rights and promoting democratic values. By Israeli standards, Haaretz is very critical of the IDF, thought in the past few years the paper was criticized for pushing Palestinians' civil right issues into its back pages. Many leftwing activists and politicians are also dismayed by the liberal line Haaretz tends to take on economical issues.
Haaretz's editorial line is very critical of Netanyahu and Lieberman, though some important contributors, such as Ari Shavit and Yoel Marcus are less clear on the issue. Haaretz journalist Amira Hass is especially known for her work on Palestinian rights issues.
Haaretz' circulation is not substantial – it's almost similar to that of the unimportant free tabloid Israel Post – but it is widely read and discussed by public opinion makers, politicians, diplomats and the international press, so it has a more substantial weight than its numbers. Nevertheless, it's important to remember that very few Israelis actually read Haaretz.
The bottom line for Haaretz: liberal on security, civil rights and economy; supportive of the Supreme Court; very critical of Netanyahu's government.
———————————
(*) Maariv and Israel Hayom are the only daily papers in Israel to disclose their circulation figures. The common way to measure papers' share of the market – and the one used to determine advertising prices – is through the TGI poll, conducted twice a year by the independent company TNS-Telegal. The figures in this post relate to the June 2010 poll.
Wow, that is all I can really say!
To start off I picked up my package that arrived today on my way to work and was unable to open it before starting my shift.
My sister came at dinner time so we could hang out a bit this week when I told her the package arrived from my fantasy exchange she suggested when I was done dinner we should go back to my work and open it as she took pictures, I agreed.
When I opened it I was blown away!!!!! It contained: Doctor Who post its, popcorn, a Tetris mug, a doctor who lunch pail with thermos and coasters, Game of Thrones Season 2.. I was so excited!!!!!!
We then discussed our matches and what to get them (as this arrived so early) she then read to me what her person said.... AND IT WAS MY REQUESTS!!!!!! I could not believe it! She went above and beyond! I was the one to introduce her to the gift exchanges (starting with the tea exchange) and to have her get me in my (so far _~) favourite exchange every was perfect! Thank You!!!!!!
TEXAS is a long way from home for Owen Coyle. In fact, he has discovered the Lonestar State is a fair distance from just about anywhere.
Sitting in George Bush Intercontinental Airport, Coyle settles down in a bustling departure lounge and contemplates the latest impending journey of an American adventure which has already provided a new outlook to the former St Johnstone, Burnley, Bolton and Wigan manager.
Having checked in for his team's next flight across the United States before adjusting his watch to a different time zone, he thinks about how his current environment could not be further removed from the life he left behind in the UK and a smile creeps across his face.
For a manager eager to prove himself at the highest level, it's an altogether different sort of challenge that he is relishing every second of.
Appointed the manager of Major League Soccer side Houston Dynamo since December, Coyle has spent 2015 living the American Dream in one of the world's fastest growing leagues.
At the heart of a franchise that has success engrained into its ethos despite only being 10 years old – in that time the Orange Crush has won the MLS Cup twice as well as Western and Eastern conference twice each – it has offered the Scot a fresh new outlook as he broadens horizons away from the pressurised goldfish bowl that is the upper echelons of English football.
However, don't be fooled into thinking his current post was accepted as any sort of stop gap. Just like his current travelling arrangements across the United States, Coyle, along with assistant Sandy Stewart, is in it for the long haul.
“I turned down six or seven jobs because I didn't think it was the right challenge,” he exclusively told SportTimes of his time out of the game during 2014.
“It's important that you are working with the right people and Dynamo presented me with that opportunity. It's everything I was looking for.
“We want to get Dynamo back to where they were. I've never been afraid of hard work and I'm going to get in about it.
"I came with a commitment. We are all old enough and wise enough to know things can change quickly, but I came with an ambition to come and sign a three-year contract to help Dynamo carry out a long-term plan that they have put in place.
“Nothing has changed my focus.”
Coyle's task at the BBCVA Compass Stadium was substantial given he stepped into the shoes of Scot Dominic Kinnear, the club's only ever manager who departed for San Jose at the end of the 2014 season.
Despite being a key part of Dynamo's success over the years, last seasons' eighth-placed finish in the Eastern Conference left the side's owners looking for fresh direction.
In Coyle they undoubtedly have a man who is not only committed to the cause but someone who has completely bought in to what the MLS is trying to do – ultimately become the biggest, boldest and best league in the world.
Having managed in England, a country which boasts the above tags currently are owned by them, he is well-placed to judge how far football in North America has come and how far it has to go.
He is optimistic at the road ahead.
“The aspiration here will be to make the MLS the biggest league in the world," said Coyle, who has former Rangers midfielder DaMarcus Beasley in his ranks.
“To do that you need to keep improving. I've been fortunate to work in the Premier League and I certainly know the quality it brings to the table and the talent.
“But within the US that's what we are striving to do. That comes with huge financial commitment but it is paying off as the league continues to grow.
“It won't be too long before the MLS is a major power in world football.”
Having left his post at Wigan in December 2013, Coyle is clearly in love with his life now in the US following 12 months searching for the right route back into football.
Many may believe the path he has chosen is an obscure one, but the 48-year-old explains it is an avenue he was always keen on exploring.
“It's very different to what I've been used to, but I took my English teams from the Premier League and the Championship here for six years in a row on pre-season,” said Coyle, whose side are currently just two points adrift of a play-off place behind LA Galaxy, Seattle Sounders and the Portland Timbers.
“Every year I could see football growing over here. The league was getting bigger, the teams were getting better.
“Nearly every club here now has a football-specific stadium. Our place, for example, is only two years old and is a 22,000 all-seater. You could put it in any top league in the world and it wouldn't look out of place, and that's now commonplace throughout the MLS.
“The league deserves enormous credit for the infrastructure that they are putting in place. It will stand it in good stead for years to come.”
Naturally, though, there is a downside to living on the other side of the pond.
“I've found it refreshing to come out here,” added Coyle.
“It's nice to be recognised but you have basketball and baseball games here to go to which we love, you have different things you can experience.
“Back home I'm part of a big family so it's always a wrench when your family is away from you. Even in England when I was a two-and-a-half hour drive away to see my mum or my family. It's a bit different to fly 10 hours here.
“They have all been over here already but it's just a bit further away. We knew that's what we were getting ourselves into but it's a wonderful challenge that I'm loving every minute of.”
CNN's W. Kamau Bell slammed a vote to make swimmer Michael Phelps the U.S. flag-bearer during the Olympic Opening Ceremony, taking a shot at Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE in the process.
ADVERTISEMENT
“No offense, but right now America has enough tall, successful, rich white guys hogging the spotlight trying to make America great,” Bell wrote in an open letter to Phelps last Thursday, making an obvious reference to Trump's campaign slogan.
"With 22 Olympic medals, you are already the most decorated athlete in Olympic history,” Bell, the host of CNN's "United Shades of America," also wrote.
The decision to have Phelps carry the flag during Friday's ceremony was made after a vote among U.S. athletes representing the U.S. in Rio de Janeiro.
Bell, 43, instead advocated for Ibtihaj Muhammad, a female American fencer of Muslim descent.
“Muhammad carrying the flag would be much bigger than your one moment,” Bell said.
“It would be a symbol for our country in this moment when we are mostly known for one of the most contentious, controversial, scandal-ridden, hateful, xenophobic, jingoistic, and just generally unlikable presidential elections in recent memory. This is at a time when we could use some more symbols of unity and togetherness.”
Bell also argued Muhammad served as “a one-stop inclusion shop due to her race, sex and religion."
Muhammad, a graduate of Duke University, is the first U.S. athlete to compete in the Olympics while wearing a hijab.
Bell ends his letter by thanking Phelps "for stepping aside" as flag-bearer, although he never did, nor did he offer to do so.
As planned, Phelps led the delegation of American athletes in Rio's Maracana Stadium on Friday night.
Frying fish isn't that difficult to do, but it's also easy to screw up if you're not paying attention, so the folks at America's Test Kitchen have a few simple tips to help you get perfectly cooked, perfectly browned fish in no time. The trick? Start with a little sugar.
The video above actually shows you the results, and we'll reiterate what they say: don't worry, you won't taste the sugar at all. Sprinkle just a little sugar on one side of the fish—that's the side you'll sear first. Sear it on one side, and turn it over, and then toss the whole pan, fish and all, into a 425-degree oven so the other side gets some color and the fish cooks evenly. I like to call this the "sear and blast" method, and use a similar technique (sans sugar, of course) for steaks and chops.
Advertisement
If you're curious about why this works, the sucrose in the sugar will break down into fructose on the surface of the fish at about 200 degrees Fahrenheit. That's much lower than the traditional temperature required for the Maillard reaction (approx 309 °F), or that reaction that makes seared everything so delicious. The sugar gives you the color and the flavor at lower temperatures. Plus, this way you don't have to fry your fish forever or smoke out your kitchen with that fishy smell no one loves.
Make Beautifully Browned Fish Without Risk of Overcooking | Americas Test Kitchen
The sheer magnitude and complexity of the issue make such compensation unlikely. The notion of seeking justice for a global catastrophe that affects almost every country — with enormous implications for economic development — is not only immensely complicated but also politically daunting.
It assumes the culpability of the world's most developed nations, including the United States and those in Europe, and implies a moral responsibility to bear the costs, even as those same nations seek to draft a new treaty over the next two years that would for the first time compel reductions by rapidly emerging nations like China and India. As a group, developing countries will within a decade have accounted for more than half of all historical emissions, making them responsible for a large share of the continuing impact humanity will make, if not the impact already made.
Assigning liability for specific events — like Typhoon Haiyan, which struck the Philippines with winds of at least 140 miles an hour, making it one of the strongest storms on record — is nearly impossible. It can take scientists years just to determine whether global warming contributed to the severity of a particular weather event, if it can be determined at all.
Many negotiators here have pressed to create a new mechanism that effectively accepts the idea that the results of climate change are irreversible and that the countries that are hit the hardest first must be compensated.
“We've reached a stage where we cannot adapt anymore,” said Ronald Jumeau, the United Nations representative for the Seychelles, who is his country's chief negotiator here. He noted the devastating effects not only of extreme storm events, but also of creeping desertification, salinization and erosion that could result in financial losses and even territorial issues that the modern world has never had to face.
“This is new,” he said. “This is like, ‘The Martians are landing!' What do you do?”
John Kioli, the chairman of the Kenya Climate Change Working Group, a consortium of nongovernmental organizations, called climate change his country's “biggest enemy.” Kenya, which straddles the Equator, faces some of the biggest challenges from rising temperatures. Arable land is disappearing and diseases like malaria are appearing in highland areas where they had never been seen before.
Developed countries, Mr. Kioli said, have a moral obligation to shoulder the cost, considering the amount of pollution they have emitted since the Industrial Revolution. “If developed countries are reasonable enough, they are able to understand that they have some responsibility,” he said.
How best to fight Islamophobia
About seven years after the Danish cartoon crisis, Turkey 's top Muslim cleric, Mehmet Görmez, is visiting the “infidel land of blasphemy” soon. In official language, Mr. Görmez, head of the Religious Affairs Directorate, is going to Denmark to “cooperate against Islamophobia and call for (interfaith) dialogue.” Good.Denmark is the country where the native cartoonist Kurt Westergaard lives under police protection because he drew “blasphemous caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad.” He thus contributed to global warming, as he provoked thousands of Muslims to set fire to anything in sight deemed “infidel.” Few Muslims chose to simply disapprove and ignore, which is how the Koran tells them to confront blasphemy.Less than a month before Mr. Görmez exchanges all sorts of pleasantries with his Danish hosts and utters all sorts of nice words on fighting Islamophobia and interfaith dialogue, an Islamist extremist committed an act of terrorism in the name of Islam when he killed two Jewish boys, their father and another Jewish child in France.More recently, Suryadharma Ali, the religious affairs minister of the world's most populous Muslim country, Indonesia, proposed making miniskirts a porn crime. Before that, Indonesia's House of Representatives speaker, Marzuki Alie, suggested that women who wore miniskirts could encourage men to rape them. He said: “[Rape and other immoral acts] happened because women don't dress decently, prompting men to do things.”Such is the background against which Mr. Görmez and his Danish partners will fight Islamophobia. A 21st century in which fanatic adherents of a faith kill minor adherents of another faith because the minors belong to that faith; in which state dignitaries blame rape on women's attire. I am sure the Indonesian statesmen also think it was the fault of the Jewish children that they were killed. Simple: had they not been Jewish they would not have been killed. So the best way to prevent rape and murder is to ban miniskirts and Judaism.Muslims should sit down and ponder why is there no such need to fight “Hinduism-phobia” or “Shintoism-phobia.”Mr. Görmez, you are a man of wisdom and knowledge, no doubt. I am sure you will have a nice time in Denmark. But you did not have to waste your precious time by going all the way to Denmark to fight Islamophobia. Your most strategic partners in the fight against Islamophobia are not the Christians, but your fellow Muslims.If Muslims stopped killing other Muslims because they belong to a different sect; stopped forcing their chosen practices on other Muslims; tolerated less pious Muslims; did not feel enraged if other Muslims did not abstain from alcohol or pork, or did not attend the mosque; did not kill men, women and children because they adhered to other faiths; did not blame rape on the length of a woman's skirt; did not murder their own wives because they spoke to strangers, or their daughters because they flirted with boys or because they were raped by rascals; did not wish to start the World War III because some maverick cartoonist drew blasphemous caricatures; did not issue death fatwas because an author wrote a blasphemous book; or did not aim to spread their religion to the entire world, by the sword if necessary, then fighting Islamophobia would be much easier.Mr. Görmez, since you are visiting Denmark with the purpose of fighting Islamophobia, perhaps you can do a great service for your objective. Denmark is a small country, and Arhus is not too far away from Copenhagen. So, Mr. Görmez, you can always go to Arhus and visit Mr. Westergaard and start your interfaith dialogue. I am sure Mr. Westergaard and his heavy police protection would welcome you.That would be the real fight against Islamophobia, and a perfect example of interfaith dialogue. But can you do it, Mr. Görmez?
Bee Tree Reservoir in Swannanoa is the smaller of the two lakes in eastern Buncombe County that Asheville draws drinking water from. (Photo: Courtesy photo)
The state Court of Appeals on Tuesday upheld a 2013 law mandating transfer of the Asheville water system to the Metropolitan Sewerage District.
Reversing a trial court ruling, a three-member panel of the court unanimously ruled that the law does not violate the state Constitution. Mayor Esther Manheimer said the city will appeal the decision to the state Supreme Court and that the city will keep possession of the water system for at least the immediate future.
The case turns on whether the 2013 law requiring the transfer is a local act prohibited by the state Constitution, is a taking of the city's property contrary to law or exceeds the state's authority to take property without payment.
The city lost on each point.
"I felt we had a very strong case," Manheimer, an attorney, said. "I'm deeply disappointed, and I think this is a big loss for the citizens of Asheville but also for the citizens of North Carolina."
If the decision stands, it would reduce the ability of local governments across the state to manage their affairs, she said.
State Sen. Tom Apodaca and Rep. Chuck McGrady, two Henderson County Republican legislators who pushed for passage of the 2013 law, said they were pleased by the ruling.
"Essentially, the court recognized the legislature's power to organize and regulate its municipalities and other local governments," they said in a joint statement.
"The legislature decided that a regional solution for public water and sewer for large public systems was the best way to provide the highest quality water and sewer services," they said, noting that residents and officials in Asheville, Buncombe County and Henderson County have quarreled through the years over control of the system.
"One of our primary interests in this legislation was to establish a water and sewer district governed by a local entity whose representatives are selected from all areas served by the system, as opposed to being governed by Asheville's city council," the statement says.
The Asheville water system serves customers inside and outside the city limits, and city officials have in the past tried to charge non-city water customers more for service, as many other North Carolina municipalities do. MSD is governed by people appointed by several local governments.
Superior Court Judge Howard Manning ruled in June 2014 that the law is impermissible because it affects health and sanitation and non-navigable streams, two of the subjects on which the state Constitution says the General Assembly cannot make local laws.
The Court of Appeals disagreed Tuesday.
"The provisions in the (2013 law) appear to prioritize concerns regarding the governance over water and sewer systems and the quality of the services rendered" over regulating actual health or sanitation, Judge Chris Dillon wrote for the court.
Likewise, Dillon wrote, the fact that the city water system draws water from non-navigable streams is only incidental to the subject of the law and does not prohibit the General Assembly from transferring the system.
"There is nothing in the Water/Sewer Act which suggests that its purpose is to address some concern regarding a non-navigable stream," he wrote.
Manning also ruled that the transfer law violates a provision of the Constitution that says liberty or property rights cannot be denied "but by the law of the land" because, Manning said, there is no rational basis to treat Asheville differently from other municipalities in the case.
The Court of Appeals said that even if one assumes it was irrational for the legislature to single out Asheville that "does not render the legislation unconstitutional per se" and that the General Assembly provided several rational reasons for the law.
The court ruled Tuesday that Asheville does have standing to sue but that the legislature has broad powers to pass laws affecting cities and counties and does not have to pay Asheville compensation for the loss of the system.
The court's opinion says it does not touch the issue of whether it is good policy for the General Assembly to transfer the system.
"We are not to be concerned with the 'wisdom and expediency' of the legislation, but whether the General Assembly has the 'power' to enact it," the opinion reads.
The city has about a month to ask the state Supreme Court to take the Court of Appeals decision. The Supreme Court often turns down such requests, but Manheimer said the city is researching now whether it has an automatic right of appeal because it is a municipality.
Even if there is no automatic right to appeal, the Supreme Court would typically agree to consider such an important case, she said.
Former Rep. Tim Moffitt, of Buncombe County, a leading proponent of the law when he was in the General Assembly, could not be reached for comment.
Click here for the Court of Appeals opinion in the case.
Read or Share this story: http://avlne.ws/1LfM1i1
Sessler: Harbaugh isn't finished Was it a mirage? How easy to look back on what the 49ers did last season and question if it was real. I look no further than Jim Harbaugh for the truth. His handiwork recalls what a younger Bill Belichick did in New England a decade ago. Making the most of the players he inherited -- many who had never won on this level -- and turning them into a tour de force. All 32 teams have talent, but so much of it is wasted. To doubt what San Francisco did last season is to doubt Harbaugh, and I can't find a way to poke holes. This was players buying into the system and being used correctly. For the first time in history, we saw a productive Alex Smith, instead of a man better equipped to stock party favors at CVS. The coach/quarterback combination has proven huge in football. Smith won't be Harbaugh's last quarterback -- there will be others -- but if Harbaugh can turn a project passer he inherited into a 13-game winner, what will he do with a roster full of his guys? The 49ers aren't a step removed from glory, they're a step closer.
Hanzus: Don't crown them yet We've been led to believe the 49ers will take January's NFC Championship loss and use it as rocket fuel, turning Kyle Williams' tragedy into a greater triumph. It's a sweet tale, but one easier said than done. We have no doubt the Niners will be competitive, especially in a weak NFC West. But everything had to go right last season for the Niners to go 13-3 and win a playoff game. The defense played out of its mind, Alex Smith was (at long last) a reasonable facsimile of a No. 1 pick, while Frank Gore (barely) stayed in one piece. And don't discount David Akers, who became the golden god of kickers. To reach similar heights, most of those performances must be repeated. New contributors must emerge. The Niners were smart to reload at trouble positions. Brandon Jacobs was signed to back up Gore, while first-rounder A.J. Jenkins and Randy Moss were imported to upgrade a woeful WR unit. But Jacobs now runs in cement boots. Jenkins won't be rushed into a role. As for Moss? I'm not buying what's being sold. Will the Niners combust? Unlikely â¦ but I'm not ready to crown them an NFC powerhouse just yet.
WASHINGTON -- The latest version of the Obamacare repeal and replace bill officially flatlined this evening as the third and fourth GOP senators to oppose the legislation declared their non-support.
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) had indefinitely delayed the bill that could have come to the floor this week after Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) had a procedure Friday to remove a blood clot. McCain is expected to be recovering in his home state for at least a week or two.
The Senate bill "contains important reforms to move our country forward," McConnell said on the floor earlier today. "These are the kind of reforms Americans deserve. Not the status quo of Obamacare, not a multi-billion-dollar Band-Aid, not a piling-on of even more Obamacare — but real, patient-centered reforms that can finally move us beyond the pain of Obamacare. The only way we'll get there is with continued hard work, and that's just what we intend to do.”
Sens. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) and Susan Collins (R-Maine) announced their opposition -- for different reasons, as Paul fumed that the bill didn't really kill Obamacare while Collins felt the Medicare cuts were too brutal -- early in the process.
And while GOP leaders couldn't afford to lose one more member, two senators announced their opposition tonight.
Sen. Jerry Moran (R-Kansas) said changes made to the bill in an effort to make it more palatable didn't cut it.
“We should not put our stamp of approval on bad policy. Furthermore, if we leave the federal government in control of everyday healthcare decisions, it is more likely that our healthcare system will devolve into a single-payer system, which would require a massive federal spending increase," Moran said in a statement.
"We must now start fresh with an open legislative process to develop innovative solutions that provide greater personal choice, protections for pre-existing conditions, increased access and lower overall costs for Kansans," he added.
Moran said his ultimate goal is to repeal and replace Obamacare, but he dinged the closed-door process that produced the Senate bill.
“After conferring with trusted experts regarding the latest version of the Consumer Freedom Amendment, I have decided I cannot support the current version of the Better Care Reconciliation Act,” Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah) said. “In addition to not repealing all of the Obamacare taxes, it doesn't go far enough in lowering premiums for middle-class families, nor does it create enough free space from the most costly Obamacare regulations.”
Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) declared that the latest failure was "proof positive that the core of this bill is unworkable."
“Rather than repeating the same failed, partisan process yet again, Republicans should start from scratch and work with Democrats on a bill that lowers premiums, provides long term stability to the markets and improves our healthcare system," he said.
The risk of Australia falling into recession is growing and the housing market has peaked, so investors should steer clear of the banks and find companies that will outperform in that environment, Morgan Stanley says.
The investment bank is bearish on the Australian economy, predicting gross domestic product growth to slow to just 1.9 per cent next year, down from 2 per cent it has tracked this year.
Glen Wellham joins Wilson HTM. Credit:Gabriele Charotte
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management investment strategists Sze Chuah and Ewa Turek said the slowdown would be driven by the housing activity, which had peaked, and the continuing fall in investment in the resources sector.
"In an environment where housing appears to have peaked, and recession risks are rising, investors should avoid building too much exposure to domestic cyclicals - namely the Banks, housing-related companies, and those reliant on household discretionary spending," they wrote in a strategy note.
Women currently make up 49.7% of around 345.5 million people in the Middle East and North Africa region. But despite the many advances made in terms of closing the gender gap in health, political representation, and labor force participation, many other barriers remain.To celebrate International Women's Day, here's a list of facts about women of the Arab world.That's 84 million unconnected women in the region. About 91 million women do own a mobile phone but that is 8 million less than the number of men who own one, according to the report “Connected Women 2015.” Making mobile phones and plans cheaper could help: for example, Egypt has a very narrow gap in terms of men vs. women's ownership of mobiles because ownership is high for both sexes due a very competitive mobile phone market that keeps prices low.According to the MENA Broadband Report, this is the 2nd largest gender gap in the world after the Sub-Saharan Africa region (45%). And the latest research by Oredoo in MENA shows that 2 in 3 Internet users in the MENA region are men. Gender inequality in Internet and mobile phone usage is a significant contributor to the development of the social divide in MENA, according to the World Bank. Many Arab countries now realize that broadband Internet is crucial to reducing poverty and creating jobs, especially for women and youth.
3. Depression is the leading cause of illness for women in MENA. The MENA region is ranked higher than any other region in the world in terms of women's depression! Seven out of the top 10 countries ranked by depression in women are in MENA. Women between the ages of 15–49 are said to be the most affected. It's interesting to note that men in the region are also more prone to depression, but the gap between the numbers of men and women suffering from it is still higher in MENA than all other regions, according to World Bank health stats.
4. Obesity is epidemic among women in the region (and also, for men) with some of the highest rates of it in the world. Five of the region's countries landed in the Global Top 20 for female obesity. Kuwait ranks 2nd at 55% of its female population considered obese. In Egypt, 1/2 of all women are obese, but 1/5 of men are obese. Other Middle Eastern countries on the list include the United Arab Emirates (UAE) (42%), Bahrain (38%), and Jordan (38%).
5. Maternal mortality rates in the Arab world have gone down by 60% on average over the last 2 decades. Today, mothers are almost 3 times more likely to survive childbirth, compared to 20 years ago; and their babies are more likely to survive the first five years of their lives. However, the regional average doesn't highlight the 2 poorest countries: Djibouti and Yemen.
6. The maternal mortality ratio has gone down overall, but it's still high in Yemen and Djibouti. As of 2013, there were 78 deaths for every 100,000 live births recorded. Between 1990 and 2008, maternal mortality rates in MENA fell by 60%, the largest decline in the world. But the maternal mortality rate stayed at 100/100,000 in Yemen, and over 200/100,000 in Djibouti.
Political empowerment has improved in the region, apparently more than doubling the rate in 2006, according to the WEF Gender Gap Report, but it is still very low. Globally, the average percentage of women in parliament is 25%, but across the Arab world as a whole,The global average for women in the labor force is about 50%. In MENA it half that despite the fact that more and more women are better educated than before. Only 17% of women work in the non-agricultural sector.Almost all young girls in MENA attend school, and more women than men are enrolled in university.At number 113 out of 142 countries, it was the top-performing country in the Arab world due to a significant increase in the “estimated earned income” indicator. The Arab world also has the country at the very bottom of the Gender Gap Index: Yemen. At 142, Yemen has remained at the bottom of the index since 2006 but has significantly improved relative to its own past scores.The authors of the WEF Global Gender Report have said it has taken them 9 years of working on the report to realize that women will have to wait 81 years for worldwide gender parity in the workplace. Perhaps by working together, MENA can close that gender gap, and the gap in other areas, sooner than that.Sources:1. WEF Gender Gap report 2. Oredoo 3. World Bank Gender Report “Opening Doors” 4. World Bank Health Report: Fairness and Accountability: Engaging in Health Systems in MENA 5. “Connected Women” Report: GSMA 6. Gender Stats from the World Bank
Andrew Breitbart was 'in talks with CNN' over new show with Anthony Weiner before he died aged just 43
Show would have been comeback for ex-congressman forced to quit after campaign from conservative firebrand Breitbart
Andrew Breitbart, the conservative firebrand and new media pioneer who died suddenly at just 43, had told friends he was poised to take his jihad against the Left deeper into the mainstream media with a regular show on CNN.
Last weekend, Breitbart told friends he was in early talks with CNN about a Crossfire-style show in which he would argue from the Right alongside former US House representative Anthony Weiner taking him on from the Left.
Such a show could have been a blockbuster. In what was perhaps his finest hour, Breitbart was the man who ended the political career of Weiner by revealing that the married congressman he had sent lewd photographs sent to young women via Twitter.
Andrew Breitbart, left, told friends he was in talks with CNN to co-host a show with Anthony Weiner
Articulate, outspoken and - before his fall from grace - a darling of the Left, Weiner was one of the few liberals who might have given Breitbart a run for his money.
It would also have been a dramatic move for CNN, which previously brought in disgraced Eliot Spitzer, who resigned as New York governor after his trysts with a high-end prostitute were revealed, for a show that was subsequently dropped.
Separately, Breitbart had been asked last Friday by Hollywood screenwriter ans producer Aaron Sorkin about how he might be portrayed in Sorkin's new HBO series The Newsroom, about the inner workings of a cable news network.
Aaron Sorkin had also recently spoken to Breitbart about portraying him in Sorkin's new show The Newsroom
Sorkin told me via email: 'I e-mailed Andrew last Friday because the episode of The Newsroom I'm currently writing takes place during the week the Anthony Weiner photos were in the news.
'Andrew and I had struck up a friendly e-mail relationship and so I reached out to ask him if he could give me a timeline of the events from his point of view. I got a quick response -'I'm in' - and we were supposed to meet for coffee at the end of the day today [Thursday].'
Sorkin said that the coffee would have been 'about Andrew shedding any new light on the Anthony Weiner incident' and 'we'll likely see shards of Andrew during his various appearances that week' in news footage from that time.
Confidants of Breitbart say he had some reservations about a CNN show but would probably have signed up for it. He was intrigued by the notion of a show with Weiner, believing it could be a vehicle for real discussion of ideas.
Edie Emery, spokeswoman for CNN, said that CNN had no comment.
I first met Breitbart in 2007, when he was still working in relative obscurity for the Drudge Report. Engaging and irrepressible, he had a passion for taking on liberals and delighted in doing so from his native Los Angeles, which he viewed as the belly of the beast.
Working from the basement of his home in Brentwood, he would post stories on the Drudge Report that would be read by millions and help shape the media narrative. In each pretty much each corner of virtually every room was some kind of Apple device so that he would always be connected to the world outside.
He was proud that the house was right next to the LA National Cemetery, where many American troops were buried and military funerals were often held. He told me that his real estate agent had told him the proximity to the cemetery meant the house was worth less but to him it increased its value.
This reporter last saw I last saw Breitbart this past Saturday in Troy, Michigan when he was appearing at the Americans For Prosperity conference after he had uncharacteristically slept in until 10am
Although he saw the mainstream media as the enemy, he understood it and knew many of its main players. This enabled him to use the media, sometimes from with, as well as oppose it. I remember him telling me that the internet had been invented for him because is provided an outlet for his Attention Deficit Disorder, with which he had been diagnosed.
Shortly afterwards, Breitbart burst onto the national scene, leaving Drudge to set up his Big Government websites. Almost overnight, he became a conservative megastar.
The next time I saw him in LA was last September, when we met for drinks at Barney's Beanery in Westwood with mutual friends. By this time, one of the weapons he used to fight the Left was Twitter. As he approached, wearing a t-shirt from a Tea Party group he had spoken to, he was walking and tweeting.
Although he could come across as an angry figure, particularly when on the defensive on television, the reality was that Breitbart loved life and had an immense capacity for humour and mischief. Adopted by a secular Jewish couple, he had grown up holding conventional political views (his natural father was an Irish musician; he knew who his birth parents were but had no interest in meeting them).
Despite his fearlessness, he was also a sensitive soul and a very affectionate husband to Susie and father of four. He gloried in his battles, re-tweeting the vilest things said about him to shame and expose their authors. But he told me that he had wondered about the effect of his public persona when his son had been upset relating how a school friend had said to him: 'My father says that your father is evil'.
Breitbart had joked that after the Occupy protests he'd shaved his face and cut his hair shorter
But Breitbart was happy to have made a hundred new friends for every friend he had lost because of his new celebrity as a Right-winger. That night, he recounted how he had received an agonised - and completely unsolicited - email from a college friend who had explained at great length why he could no longer be his friend. Breitbart laughed at the presumptuousness of the whole thing and how he had replied with two words: 'Oh well.'
He also said that night that he had recently gone to the hospital emergency room with a tightness in his chest. When a nurse had 'freaked out' at how high his blood pressure was, he had responded: 'Don't tell me that - you'll make it even higher.'
Breitbart had looked overweight and stressed that night. I and the others with us told him he needed to ease up on his insane travel schedule and he talked about trying to exercise more, taking downtime with his family and getting a personal assistant to take charge of his diary.
But he always seemed to be on Twitter, on TV, on the phone or on a plane - and sometimes seemingly two or three of these at once. A few months ago, he set up a part-time base on Capitol Hill, spending time in Washington working out of a wonderfully kitsch historic house decorated by a rich Egyptian and right next to the US Supreme Court.
I last saw Breitbart on Saturday in Troy, Michigan. He was appearing at the Tea Party-linked Americans For Prosperity conference, where Rick Santorum and Mitt Romney also spoke. That morning, he had uncharacteristically slept in until 10am and there had been a panic about where he was.
Tragic death: Breitbart leaves behind a wife and four children
Loving father: Breitbart had suffered heart problems a year earlier
During his speech, however, he was on vintage form, describing Barack Obama as 'the metronome' and his allies as 'the alligators'. He declared proudly: 'I'm out there fighting with the metronome. I'm out there fighting with the alligators.' At another point, he said: 'I'm fighting these people as hard as I can. They're totalitarians.'
He urged conservatives to 'stop acting like Leftists' in denouncing those who backed Republican candidates who might not pass this or that purity test and said it was essential to get behind whoever was the nominee.
As usual, he was extremely funny, joking about how he had shaved his stubble and cut his hair after Occupy people said that 'I look like a bum'. In describing an anti-Republican media narrative designed to divert attention from unemployment and gas prices by highlighting social issues, he said: 'I have four children. I took care of the thing down there. Contraception's not in the top two billion things in my world.'
He branded MSNBC 'race card television' and that if a conservative said 'gymnasium' on television, the response would be: ''Gym' originates in antebellum South Carolina. You're all racist!'
The next day, he took a car to Detroit airport with filmmaker Ann McElhinney, another speaker and a close friend. As he got in, he told her: 'I feel awful. I feel really bad.' She put it down to a hangover.
In the car, they discussed Aaron Sorkin - on Friday night, he had shown her the email from Sorkin - and the prospect of a CNN with Weiner. Breitbart felt that such a CNN show would rehabilitate Weiner but he wanted to ensure it would be serious and would involve going out and talking to real people as well as back-and-forth in the studio.
They talked about Fox News, which Breitbart felt was stuck in the past with too many blonde presenters and outdated formats. One of the journalists he admired most, he said, was Dana Loesch, who worked for him as Big Government and is now also CNN contributor. He described her as a 'warrior princess', effective because she was cool and modern.
Breitbart thought that the Left feared people like Loesch most because she was an attractive, engaging, hip person who did not fit the stereotype of dour, fusty conservative. Essentially, the same thing could have been said about him.
One of Breibart's central arguments was that conservatives had allowed themselves to be excluded from popular culture - film, television, music, even art. He was a central figure in the largely undercover world of Hollywood conservatism.
At the end of his speech in Troy, he said that conservatives would have to endure the race card and the 'fairness' card being played against them in the coming election. 'This is warfare. They're at war with you and the very idea that you're still here shows that the Tea Party mindset is alive and kicking.'
Who would have thought that the fiercest and most formidable conservative warrior of all was about to leave the battlefield.
What we aim for here @Bugsense is to provide our users with the best experience when dealing with this annoying part of application development that is “tracking bugs”. A question that we frequently get asked is:
“Why use a third-party service, when Apple provides developers with its own solution for tracking application crashes?”
As a matter of fact, the two services are very different as to what they offer. I am going to show you how the tools that Bugsense offers are significantly better than Apple's offerings when it comes to remote crash reporting.
Apple provides developers with a subsection in iTunes Connect for each published app, where it shows the crash reports collected by the OS and presents them to users in the form of a zip package, containing a few individual reports as .crash files that can be opened by Mac OS X. If you visit the page in iTunes Connect, you can see that it is really minimal and could be what developers mostly want to profile their app's issues, including Most Frequent Crashes, Timeouts and Memory issues.
While not detailed, this would be a great help to most developers if it worked. But after using it for a couple of published apps, I came to realise that unfortunately it misrepresents the situation with crashes. It often reports no crashes for applications I know have bugs. For applications where it does report some crashes, they seem to be random instead of the ones that occur more often.
Another thing Apple lacks is symbolication. Errors are not symbolicated on the server, which means the developers have to make sure they keep their dSYMs in their development computer so that they can be symbolicated when downloaded. Then - of course - they have to symbolicate them manually, one-by-one.
With Bugsense on the other hand, you can see all of your application's crashes, reported in real time! In addition, we offer a load of extra features that will help you debug your application faster and more efficiently. Some of them are:
Grouping of similar crashes , know which are the bugs that happen more often, and in which version they appeared for the first time.
Filtering by devices/iOS versions/time period and much more!
Symbolication , both “on device” and “server side”, enabling developers to easily find the line of code that causes the crash, without manual user input.
Tagging of crashes as Resolved , so you know which ones you don't have to worry about.
JIRA integration creates new tasks for you when a crash happens lots of times in your application.
Email notifications when new bugs occur.
If you are an iOS application developer, I invite you to use our plugin (for free!) and see for yourself what Bugsense can do for you. Start here and if you need more information or assistance with integrating it, feel free to contact me at ios@bugsense.com.
-John
Review: Waxahatchee, 'Out In The Storm' Stream Katie Crutchfield's new album in its entirety.
Note: NPR's First Listen audio comes down after the album is released. However, you can still listen with the Spotify or Apple Music playlist at the bottom of the page.
toggle caption Courtesy of the artist
When Waxahatchee's Katie Crutchfield emerged with 2012's American Weekend, she was a chronicler of life's rawest nerves and realest emotions — dark, gripping stuff born of rootlessness and self-discovery, ideally suited to the album's ragged and unrefined acoustic arrangements. In the years since, Crutchfield has polished Waxahatchee's sound to maximize its glimmering-but-spiky forcefulness, but her words remain as bracing and unsparing as ever.
Out In The Storm picks through the ashes of a bad breakup, but Crutchfield is a sharp enough observer of human behavior to turn her lacerating insights inward when necessary. More to the point, she knows that the mechanics of a relationship's end aren't nearly as compelling as where you wind up in the aftermath. In "Silver," the album's relentlessly catchy first single, that idea is embodied in the way the line "I went out in the storm / I felt the house burning" eventually gives way to a shift in her thinking: "I went out in the storm / And I'm never returning."
That's not to say Out In The Storm is strictly the sound of its subject's triumphant rebirth, though Crutchfield and her crack band (including her sister Allison) know their way around a grandiose power-pop chorus when the moment calls for one. At times, Waxahatchee slows to a simmer, brings the singer's voice to the fore, and lets her seething words hit like punches. Out In The Storm gives voice to serious transformations in Crutchfield's life — and takes the time to explore each honestly and memorably, with hooks to die for.
Dressed in a smart blue polo shirt and jeans, he looks and acts much like any other six-year-old boy. Nobody would suspect that Dexter, aged 6, was actually born a girl
Dexter Jones stands 4 ft 1 in tall, lithe and skinny as a whippet, with a mischievous smile and an appetite seemingly unsated by the entire punnet of blackberries he has just polished off.
He adores Harry Potter — he knows all the wizards and spells — and would love to run in the Olympics one day. Dressed in a smart blue polo shirt and jeans, he looks and acts much like any other six-year-old boy. Nobody would suspect that Dexter was actually born a girl.
Three years ago — without prompting from his mother, Mienna says — pretty, tomboyish Talia announced that she was a boy. Not that she wanted to be one, but that she actually was one. Now. And always had been.
Mienna, a 44-year-old childminder from St Albans, Hertfordshire, wasn't shocked. Talia, she says, then three, had railed against her assigned gender since she was a toddler, shunning dresses and dolls and behaving entirely like a little boy. Talia was just being Talia, she thought, and she'd grow out of it. Her elder daughter had played with cars for a while, after all.
By age five, however, Talia was gone. She declared one day that she was actually a boy called Dexter — a name she admired from a boy at school — and that this was who she was going to be from now on.
Backed by his family, teachers and GP, Dexter was referred to the Tavistock Centre in London, an NHS clinic for transgender children, and became one of its youngest patients.
Mienna was eventually told that Dexter had gender dysphoria — a condition where sufferers experience distress at their sex. Should he still feel this way as he approached puberty, he could be given drugs to block the changes and ease the transition to becoming a man in adulthood.
This would, undoubtedly, be a long, and possibly painful, journey — and it is starting strikingly early.
Many will be disturbed at what is happening to this child. Isn't Dexter far too young to be questioning his gender, let alone taking preliminary steps to alter it?
How can Mienna be sure, at such a tender age, that this isn't just a phase the child is going through? And doesn't she worry that psychological harm could be inflicted on the child by validating what could be temporary as a biological certainty?
Many will be disturbed at what is happening to this child. Isn't Dexter far too young to be questioning his gender, let alone taking preliminary steps to alter it? Pictured: A girl at 18 months
She admits she can't be sure. ‘But, for me, it would be fundamentally wrong to force Dexter to live as Talia, because he was so unhappy,' says Mienna, who is married to Ollie, 54, a painter, and who also has a 13-year-old daughter. ‘We're a long way off any treatment or an operation, but being under the umbrella of the Tavistock makes us feel that we're in safe hands.
‘As horrible a road as this is, I am thankful that we are dealing with it now. It must be an absolute torment to discover you are transgender during the tricky teenage years.'
The subject of gender identity in childhood has become one of the most contentious of our times.
Last week, Nigel Rowe, 44, and his wife Sally, 42, announced plans to sue their sons' Church of England school on the Isle of Wight for discriminating against their Christian beliefs by allowing boys to wear dresses.
They said it was deeply unsettling for their sons to see other children affecting a different gender, and that children are too emotionally immature to decide they want to change sex. In an age where gender is increasingly seen as fluid, the Rowes were vilified for their beliefs. Unsurprisingly, Mienna is angered.
‘If the Rowes are acting in the name of religion, surely they should be more accepting of others? My son has shown more emotional maturity than they have.'
The number of children seeking help for gender issues has grown dramatically recently, despite — or perhaps because of — increasing attempts to identify and integrate those who might be transgender. Demand at the Tavistock Centre, the only NHS clinic of its kind, has soared in recent years. In 2009, just 97 children aged between three and 18 were referred. But by last year, there were 2,016 referrals, with the number of children aged five or under rising from six to 32.
Meanwhile, the gender-neutral movement gathers pace. Earlier this month, John Lewis stopped labelling its children's clothing by gender, while Priory School in Lewes, East Sussex, banned girls from wearing skirts in order to accommodate the growing number of transgender pupils.
This week, The Good Schools Guide is to examine the extent to which schools are ‘transgender friendly', after claims some children are being bullied.
Yet others believe, like the Rowes, that there is a politically correct agenda driving the issue in schools, and that transgenderism has morphed from a serious condition affecting a small minority to a fashionable ideology spearheaded by fanatics who bully those who don't subscribe to it.
A friend questioned whether Dexter may be transgender — a suggestion Mienna promptly rejected. Pictured aged 3
Mienna says she certainly had no plans to raise her children gender-neutral, but by the age of two, Talia was throwing tantrums at the sight of frocks and frilly necklines and would drag her mother to the dinosaur T-shirts in shops.
‘She hated the cartoon princess film Frozen and watched ET instead,' says Mienna. ‘Nearly all her friends were boys and she didn't seem to identify with girls. When I praised her for being a “good girl”, she'd protest: “I'm not a girl, I'm a boy.” '
A friend questioned whether Dexter may be transgender — a suggestion Mienna promptly rejected.
‘I was a tomboy and thought she was, too,' she says. ‘Of course, I'd heard of transgenderism on social media and television, but I'd never met a transgender child — neither had Talia — and it never crossed my mind.'
But Talia seemed more and more unhappy. ‘She was a poor sleeper and cried constantly. I'd assumed she was just spirited, but as she approached her fourth birthday, I wondered if there might be some truth in the transgender suggestion.
‘She was so persistent in her language and behaviour.'
She says her husband Ollie has been ‘100 per cent supportive' of her approach towards Dexter: ‘Like me, he watched the situation evolve.'
When visiting Talia's prospective primary school in 2015, Mienna asked the headmaster if Talia would be able to come to school in a boy's uniform. ‘He said she could wear what she was most comfortable in,' says Mienna.
Yet Talia struggled. ‘She was wetting herself and eventually told me the girls wouldn't let her use their toilet as she was a boy, and the boys wouldn't let her use their toilet because she was a girl — so she wasn't going at all.'
'Weight off his shoulders': Dexter is much happier now than when he was a girl
A month into the term, Mienna gave in to Talia's pleas to have her long, curly hair cut short. Then, one afternoon in March, Talia, aged five, came running in from the garden with an announcement.
‘She said: “Mummy, I've got it — I'm a boy called Dexter and I want everyone to call me that”,' says Mienna.
‘Later, I asked if she was sure, and she said: “Yes, I'm a boy.” It seemed as if a weight had been lifted off her shoulders.'
Mienna met with Dexter's headmaster, teacher and an ‘inclusion officer' — who helps children with special needs — to say that, from the summer term, Talia wanted to be known as Dexter and addressed by the pronoun ‘he'.
‘Dexter's teacher told the rest of the class Talia was to be called Dexter while Dexter and I were in a meeting. Apparently, one of Dexter's friends said: “We know Tali's a boy. Can we play now?” '
Mienna disputes the Rowes' implication that Dexter's classmates could be damaged by his behaviour.
‘Yes, children are inquisitive, but they also take things at face value,' she says. ‘If that child is their friend, why would it make a difference?'
And she doesn't worry that seeing Dexter's changes might encourage children to needlessly question their own gender.
‘This isn't something you question,' she says. ‘It is something you feel. Dexter has never said he wants to be a boy. He says he is a boy. It's different from being gender-fluid, going through a phase or being a tomboy.'
Mienna also dismisses the claim made by author and academic Dr Joanna Williams that ‘the time, effort and money that goes into producing and monitoring transgender policies is out of all proportion to the tiny number of trans children currently in British schools' as deeply unfair.
She says: ‘If there was only one child in a wheelchair or with autism, nobody would say they didn't deserve as much time and effort. Dexter's needs are just as valid.'
In any case, she adds: ‘The other parents were incredibly supportive. Only a couple of people asked something to the effect of whether this was my decision because I wanted a boy.
‘I couldn't believe they thought I would push this onto my son, or saw fit to say so.'
Mienna's father, 74, and mother, 65, who live nearby, have been similarly understanding. ‘I worried my dad wouldn't get it,' says Mienna. ‘But my mum sat him down and explained everything. Since then, he hasn't once slipped up and called him Talia.'
Dexter's teacher, meanwhile, suggested Mienna and her son watch some TV programmes about transgender children. The more Dexter watched, the more questions he had. Mienna says: ‘He asked me why I made him wrong. I explained to him what transgender meant and said there was an operation you could have to make a willy. I told him if he still feels this way when he's an adult, he may or may not choose to have this operation.
‘He started asking: “When am I going to get a willy, Mummy?” I'd never suggested he was broken or needed repairing. But it was heart-breaking, and I felt guilty.'
Does she fear that exposing him to such complex issues on-screen might have made him feel more unsettled?
‘No. It's not as if he is this way because I watched all this with him. I wanted to be honest.'
But Dexter continued to struggle to sleep and, when he started complaining of stomach aches in May 2016, Mienna took him to their GP, worried that he was suffering from anxiety.
After a week of research, the GP referred him to the Tavistock Centre, where Dexter attended his first appointment in January with his sister and parents.
‘Dexter asked if they were going to “fix” him,' says Mienna. ‘I had to do all the talking, going back over his upbringing. He coloured in as I talked, and there was no definitive answer as to whether he was transgender.'
The family have now had three of their allocated six NHS-funded counselling sessions at the Tavistock, with the next in November. ‘As Dexter isn't about to hit puberty, we have a while before we need to go more regularly,' says Mienna. ‘They told us gender is very fluid at Dexter's age and some children do revert back.'
Can she see this happening? ‘Never. I'd gladly be proved wrong — it would be far easier if Dexter did decide to be a girl. But there has been no suggestion he will.'
She seems in favour of him taking drugs to stop the onset of puberty. ‘I can imagine it would be horrific to grow breasts and get periods if he feels the way he does now.'
In the past, it has been more common for boys to seek treatment than girls, but there has been a marked reversal recently, with 1,400 females doing so last year, compared with 616 males.
Some have ascribed this rise to the growing pressure girls are under, but Mienna says: ‘It's never crossed Dexter's mind that life will be easier as a boy. Nor is this about feminism or being gay.'
In fact, she says, Dexter talks of having a wife and children when he is grown up. ‘He'll probably have to adopt, unless he doesn't transition and lives as a man with female organs,' says Mienna.
While she admits that Dexter still ‘struggles' to fit into his peer group, she says he is not lacking in playdates and party invitations.
‘Like any mum, I just want my child to be happy,' she says. ‘And really, as long as he is comfortable in what he's wearing, I can't see what difference it makes to anyone else.'
Coffs Harbour Council launches Federal Court action to recoup GFC losses
Posted
The Coffs Harbour City Council (CHCC) and other local councils are suing the ANZ Bank overinvestment advice it gave them before the global financial crisis (GFC).
In a statement of fact to the Federal Court yesterday, Thursday November 14, 2014 the council's lawyers argued the bank breached its financial duty of care and engaged in misleading and deceptive conduct.
I guess councils only became aware of how toxic they were and how unsupported they were post the Global Financial crisis Andrew Beswick, CHCC
CHCC director of Corporate Business Andrew Beswick said the legal action is to recover money the council lost in collateralised debt obligations or CDO's.
"The Global Financial Crisis was when it was realised these investments were not properly supported and that they were not prudent investments," he said.
"Even though they had been recommended by financial institutions and by governments to councils to invest in."
Mr Beswick said the CHCC has been involved in action over a number of years to try and recover money lost in the GFC.
"Attempts to recover monies that were lost as a result of collateralised debt obligations investments known as CDOs.
"I guess councils only became aware of how toxic they were and how unsupported they were post the Global Financial crisis.
"That had not been revealed in all its detail until the investments went bad."
The case was has been adjourned until December 11, 2014.
Topics: globalisation---economy, international-financial-crisis, local-government, courts-and-trials, coffs-harbour-2450, port-macquarie-2444
The picture is almost 10 years old now. It's always been one of Buddha's favorites, and as he gets older its meaning grows. The photo, now saved into his cell phone, represents his journey. Better still, it's about their journey. Lord knows it's been one heckuva ride for all of them, because that picture begins to tell the story of Buddha, J.D. and Double M, but also of their families and those who helped make the men they are now.
Buddha is the one wearing No. 20 sitting on the ground with his helmet between his legs. Like most kids who grew up in the Detroit area in the '90s, he loved Barry Sanders. J.D. is over his right shoulder, with his game-face still simmering even though his team, the Westside Cubs, just won the Detroit PAL championship by beating the Detroit Tigers. He has so much pride in being a Cub that he's had the team name shaved into the side of his head. Double M is behind Buddha, kneeling with a grin, proudly holding up one finger. Even though he's the youngest of the trio, his index finger appears to be almost as long as J.D.'s entire face.
Each of these three young men have only come to love the game of football even more since that day. They know better than to think that football defines them as people, but the game helped them land scholarships at three prestigious Midwestern schools. Now Buddha, J.D. and Double M are each All-Americans.
Article continues below ...
Most football fans know Buddha as Desmond King. Last year, he earned the Jim Thorpe Award, honoring the nation's top defensive back after he tied an Iowa record with eight interceptions and led the Hawkeyes to their winningest season in school history. J.D. is Michigan's star cornerback Jourdan Lewis. In 2015, he led the nation in most passes broken up with 15, earning him All-American status as well after he sparked Michigan to a 10-win season. Double M is Malik McDowell, who has grown into becoming the Big Ten's most imposing defensive lineman. The 6-foot-6, 280-pound McDowell had 13 tackles for loss last fall as he helped Michigan State win the Big Ten title.
McDowell is projected by some NFL draft analysts as a Top 10 pick next spring. King and Lewis each had the opportunity to jump to the NFL last spring, but both opted to return to college to finish their degrees.
“That picture shows how far we have come,” said Lewis. “Nobody understands the magnitude of this and how amazing it is that we're doing what we're doing now.”
The Westside Cubs got their start in 1957. They were the only racially integrated team in the Detroit Youth Football League at the time. The legacy of great players who got their start with the Cubs is a long one.
Willie Horton, the former outfielder who slugged the Detroit Tigers to the 1968 World Series title, was once a Cub. So was College Football Hall of Famer Ron Johnson. So were Braylon Edwards, Larry Foote, Nick Perry, Dion Sims and Devin Funchess.
William Tandy once played for the Cubs, too. Tandy, a former lineman/linebacker, has been the Cubs' head coach since 1994 and with the program as a coach for 24 years, but just like those three kids from that photo will tell you, the Westside Cubs are about more than football.
“Our motto is 'God, Books and Ball,' and it's in that order,” says the 53-year-old Tandy, who has a Masters in education administration and clinical social work. “We want you becoming spiritually sound to live under God's law, and none of this can happen if you don't take your academics seriously.”
Tandy isn't kidding when he talks about the weight the Cubs put on school work. Players needed to show their coach academic progress reports from their teachers before they could get their uniforms to go into the Cubs lineup.
“They knew that was the only way they'd get to see the field, and they knew what those consequences were because they'd have to see some other kid play their position” said Yvette Powell, Desmond King's mother.
“(Tandy) has had a big impact on the kids to this day. You'd always hear that, 'It was something about them Cubs that all their kids end up going to college.' You'd have parents volunteering to help kids with their homework, and it was all the way up till they went to high school.”
Powell, a single mom, was determined to make sure Desmond had structure in his life and kept busy with positive activities. She put him in football at 5 and moved him into Tandy's program when Desmond was 9. With the Cubs, she heard from other parents and old Cubs that Tandy's team could make a difference in her son's life, and as a team mom, she could help other kids too.
“I saw the difference they made,” said Powell. “I was looking for someone to push my son. They prepared him mentally for football and for life. They helped me push him. They said ‘It takes a village to raise a kid,' and it does.”
Desmond King, an Honor Roll student at Iowa, said Tandy inspired him. “He brought out the best in me. He set goals for us and showed us if you really wanted something you had to work for it. He transferred us from little boys to men.”
Tandy always knew sports had the potential to lure kids in. His mission was that once you had them, it was critical what you did with that attention and how it was messaged.
“These kids come from a very, very tough neighborhood,” he said. “Football is my way of giving back. On the Westside of Detroit, the football field is really one of the only bright spots over there. We decided not to move because we wanted to give the young people hope over there. The biggest difference between us and other little league football teams is that it's more than football to us. We talk to them about character, about dating, about being appropriate and being responsible. We believe in real models. I don't say role models. We don't play a part. We're not acting.”
“It really was God, books and ball. They meant that,” said Jourdan Lewis. “Being a Cub instilled a lot of competitive desire and that swagger to all of our games. It was about being a perfectionist. You learned how to be a great football player and a great teammate. I didn't really understand what he was doing till we got here (to college). He broadened our horizons.”
Lewis grew up in a more structured home than many of his Cubs teammates. His mom, Linda, taught special education. They became a Cubs family. Jourdan's little sister Cameron was a Cubs cheerleader. Linda Lewis saw first-hand the impact Tandy and the other men who worked with the Cubs had on the kids.
“These men really stepped up,” she said. “They were dedicated. There was no pay there. But they were always there for them, and that's what a boy needs, someone to guide him in the right direction through all the immaturity and insecurity.”
The boys also took responsibility for pushing each other often as much as their coaches did. McDowell's own development is a prime example. Desmond and Malik first met in 2005 when the 10-year-old McDowell joined the Cubs. He became the biggest player on the Cubs. “I kept thinking, ‘Why is he so big?'” said King. “He was very huge. A freak of nature.”
The Cubs would warm up by jogging around the field twice. A few of their players often lagged behind. “Malik used to want to quit,” said Powell, King's mother. King and Lewis wouldn't let their huge young friend do that, though. “You can't quit,” they'd tell him. “You came out here for a reason.”
“It was like he was our little brother,” said Jourdan Lewis. “He had heel spurs and they used to hurt him a lot. Back then, Malik was finding himself. He really didn't have his identity yet. We needed him to win, honestly. He had such great talent, but he didn't understand he could be such a big competitor in the PAL (Police Athletic League) championship.”
McDowell emerged as the most sought-after recruit of the trio, a consensus first-round talent who could've gone anywhere but instead opted to stay local, signing with Michigan State. Over the summer, when McDowell and King were back home in Detroit to help out at a local youth football camp, the two old teammates got together for dinner to talk about old times.
“Every time when each of us is at home, we always find our way to meet up,” King said.
Tandy, their old coach, is excited about this season. It's the senior year for both King and Lewis. Each had the opportunity to leave early for the NFL, neither gave it too much thought. Graduating from college and spending one more season with their teammates was more important.
“It was an eight-minute conversation,” said Powell, King's mother. “'You're this close. We've been poor before. A couple of months is nothing. I wanna see that degree.' And he will graduate in December.”
Tandy will get to fulfill a promise he made to King by coming to Iowa for a game to see his protege with his Hawkeye family. It hasn't been easy since all of King's games are on Saturdays, just like the Cubs team, but Tandy said he's going to have to miss one of their games. The plan is for Tandy to attend the Nov. 4 game against Lewis' Michigan Wolverines.
“I know how Iowa loves him and how he loves the people there,” Tandy said. “I just wanna see him in his home. That kid has done a remarkable job in the relationships he's developed on and off the field. Truthfully, I'm like a father seeing his son graduate from college. I have so much pride in seeing their dreams come true. It's a commitment that a lot of folks don't understand.”
Jourdan Lewis
Jourdan Lewis with William Tandy
Malik McDowell with William Tandy
They are the poster boys of matrimonial classifieds. They are paid handsomely, perceived to be intelligent and travel abroad frequently. Single-handedly, they brought purpose to the otherwise sleepy city of Bangalore.
Indian software engineers are today the face of a third-world rebellion. But what exactly do they do? That's a disturbing question. Last week, during the annual fair of the software industry's apex body Nasscom, no one uttered a word about India's programmers.
The event, which brought together software professionals from around the world, used up all its 29 sessions to discuss prospects to improve the performance of software companies. Panels chose to debate extensively on subjects like managing innovation, business growth and multiple geographies.
But there was nothing on programmers, who you would imagine are the driving force behind the success of the Indian software companies. Perhaps you imagined wrong. “It is an explosive truth that local software companies won't accept.
Most software professionals in India are not programmers, they are mere coders,” says a senior executive from a global consultancy firm, who has helped Nasscom in researching its industry reports.
In industry parlance, coders are akin to smart assembly line workers as opposed to programmers who are plant engineers. Programmers are the brains, the glorious visionaries who create things. Large software programmes that often run into billions of lines are designed and developed by a handful of programmers.
Coders follow instructions to write, evaluate and test small components of the large program. As a computer science student in IIT Mumbai puts it if programming requires a post graduate level of knowledge of complex algorithms and programming methods, coding requires only high school knowledge of the subject.
Coding is also the grime job. It is repetitive and monotonous. Coders know that. They feel stuck in their jobs. They have fallen into the trap of the software hype and now realise that though their status is glorified in the society, intellectually they are stranded.
Companies do not offer them stock options anymore and their salaries are not growing at the spectacular rates at which they did a few years ago.
“There is nothing new to learn from the job I am doing in Pune. I could have done it with some training even after passing high school,” says a 25-year-old who joined Infosys after finishing his engineering course in Nagpur.
A Microsoft analyst says, “Like our manufacturing industry, the Indian software industry is largely a process driven one. That should speak for the fact that we still don't have a domestic software product like Yahoo or Google to use in our daily lives.”
IIT graduates have consciously shunned India's best known companies like Infosys and TCS, though they offered very attractive salaries. Last year, from IIT Powai, the top three Indian IT companies got just 10 students out of the 574 who passed out.
The best computer science students prefer to join companies like Google and Trilogy. Krishna Prasad from the College of Engineering, Guindy, Chennai, who did not bite Infosys' offer, says, “The entrance test to join TCS is a joke compared to the one in Trilogy. That speaks of what the Indian firms are looking for.”
A senior TCS executive, who requested anonymity, admitted that the perception of coders is changing even within the company. It is a gloomy outlook. He believes it has a lot to do with business dynamics.
The executive, a programmer for two decades, says that in the late '70s and early '80s, software drew a motley set of professionals from all kinds of fields.
In the mid-'90s, as onsite projects increased dramatically, software companies started picking all the engineers they could as the US authorities granted visas only to graduates who had four years of education after high school.
“After Y2K, as American companies discovered India's cheap software professionals, the demand for engineers shot up,” the executive says. Most of these engineers were coders. They were almost identical workers who sat long hours to write line after line of codes, or test a fraction of a programme.
They did not complain because their pay and perks were good. Now, the demand for coding has diminished, and there is a churning.
Over the years, due to the improved communication networks and increased reliability of Indian firms, projects that required a worker to be at a client's site, say in America, are dwindling in number. And with it the need for engineers who have four years of education after high school.
Graduates from non-professional courses, companies know, can do the engineer's job equally well. Also, over the years, as Indian companies have already coded for many common applications like banking, insurance and accounting, they have created libraries of code which they reuse.
Top software companies have now started recruiting science graduates who will be trained alongside engineers and deployed in the same projects. The CEO of India's largest software company TCS, S Ramadorai, had earlier explained, “The core programming still requires technical skills.
But, there are other jobs we found that can be done by graduates.” NIIT's Arvind Thakur says, “We have always maintained that it is the aptitude and not qualifications that is vital for programming. In fact, there are cases where graduate programmers have done better than the ones from the engineering stream.”
Software engineers, are increasingly getting dejected. Sachin Rao, one of the coders stuck in the routine of a job that does not excite him anymore, has been toying with the idea of moving out of Infosys but cannot find a different kind of “break”, given his coding experience.
He sums up his plight by vaguely recollecting a story in which thousands of caterpillars keep climbing a wall, the height of which they don't know. They clamber over each other, fall, start again, but keep climbing. They don't know that they can eventually fly.
Rao cannot remember how the story ends but feels the coders of India today are like the caterpillars who plod their way through while there are more spectacular ways of reaching the various destinations of life..
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading... Related
VANS STORE - circa 1968
Tony Alva: Hey bro, I'll take this.
(Tony holds up a light blue Vans shoe)
Clerk: Sure man. That'll be $25.
Tony: Oh I just want to buy the one.
Clerk: What?
Tony: I just want to buy the one shoe.
Clerk: Uh, I don't think you get how this works.
Tony: It's cool. I got the $12.50.
Clerk: Yeah you definitely don't get how this works.
Tony: This is a shoe store, isn't it? I want to buy a shoe. What's the problem?
Clerk: I can't just sell you just one shoe.
Tony: I'm going to buy the other one later.
Clerk: The only come in pairs bro.
Tony: Bro, you know I'm going to come back and buy it. I'm only going to be walking around with one shoe so I kinda have to.
Clerk: Come back when you save up money for both shoes.
Tony: Do you know who am I?
Clerk: No.
Tony: I'm Tony Alva!
Clerk: Yeah, still not ringing a bell.
Tony: I'm going to be a famous skateboarder!
Clerk: You just sounded like literally every person who comes into this store.
Tony: C'mon bro. I told all my friends I was going to buy a brand-new Vans shoe and they got super jealous.
Clerk: Really?
Tony: Well, just half jealous. But still…
Clerk: I'm sorry, I can't sell you just one shoe. Even numbers only bro.
Tony: Fine.
Clerk: Can I help you with anything else?
Tony: Yeah, can I grab just one sock?
PSP Minis Pint Size Gaming Gets Pint Size Price
The PlayStation Portable has been going through quite a bit of transformation over the recent months. E3 revealed the long rumored PSP Go and during the GameCom press event Sony made some more announcements regarding the powerful portable platform.
PlayStation Portable will be hosted to PSP Minis, low budget, low priced games directly downloaded via the PlayStation Store. Each PSP Mini will be less 100 megabytes in size and priced between $1.50 and $2.50. Indian developers GameShastra is at the forefront of PSP Mini development. They have 30 projects in development which are slated to be released between October and January.
The future of the PlayStation store looks to be competing with Apple's successful App Store. At least 15 titles should be available in October with up to 50 available by years end.
[Source]
Liverpool are considering their options for a new striker in this transfer window after the pursuit of Luis Suárez stalled today over Ajax's valuation of the Uruguay international.
Damien Comolli, Liverpool's director of football strategy, held a brief meeting in Amsterdam this morning with the Ajax general director, Rik van den Boog, where he was told that the Dutch club would not consider an offer below €30m (£25m) for Suárez.
Liverpool is reluctant to pay more than £18m for the Ajax captain, who turned 24 today and is keen on a move to Merseyside, but know that will not make Suárez the marquee signing that the manager, Kenny Dalglish, is seeking this month.
The gap in valuation between the parties was outlined by an Ajax spokesman, who said: "We'll have to wait for them to come back with something more respectful. We want to keep him – at least until the end of the season and preferably for the rest of his contract. If you compare the ¤15m Liverpool want to pay for Suarez with other transfers you can imagine that it's far too low for us.
"Luis is our top goalscorer for the last three years and also the man with by far the most assists as well. He was one of the big guys for Uruguay in helping them come third in the World Cup in the summer and he still has a contract with us for two and a half years."
Whether Fenway Sports Group, Liverpool's owners, are willing to release more funds for Suárez remains to be seen, but Comolli and Dalglish have alternative targets for January. Aston Villa have made it clear that Ashley Young is not for sale but Sevilla's Alvaro Negredo is a possibility. Southampton's £10m-rated teenager Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has made it known that he favours a move to Arsenal over Anfield.
Ryan Babel's £5.8m move to Hoffenheim, meanwhile, is back on tonight despite the Dutch international's initial reluctance to move to the German club. The news of the deal came just hours after Dalglish had said the Dutchman would be staying at Anfield for the time being.
A statement on the club's website read: "Ryan Babel has agreed a move to TSG 1899 Hoffenheim. The Dutch international will fly to Germany tomorrow to finalise the deal. The move comes six days after Liverpool accepted a bid for the 24‑year‑old striker from the Bundesliga outfit."
Dalglish said this morning that Babel, who cost Liverpool £11.5m when he signed from Ajax in 2007, was staying at Anfield having declined a chance to revive his career in the Bundesliga.
Instant Pot Meatball Soup
Jun 18, 2017 by foodyschmoody
Instant Pot Meatball Soup – A hearty soup made quick and easy using frozen meatballs and an Instant Pot.
If you thought it was weird that I was posting a Beef Stew recipe in May, you're definitely going to think it strange that I'm posting yet another soup and we're well into June.
I can't help myself. I'm experimenting as much as I can with my Instant Pot and I just can't wait for the cooler weather to share the results with you. If you aren't into soup in the summer, just bookmark or save it to Pinterest. Trust me, you'll thank me when you're wanting a good soup recipe that just so happens is also quick and easy.
Let's talk about the meatballs. I don't find homemade meatballs difficult to make AT ALL. That being said, sometimes I just don't have the time. So, yes, I used a bag of frozen, store bought meatballs for this recipe. Don't get all up in a tizzy about it, okay? BTW, if you want a darn good, old fashioned, Italian Meatball recipe, I got one for you. Anyway, you'll want to buy the mini meatballs, not the dinner sized.
As far as the veggies go, I used my standard, go-to soup veggies; onions, carrots and celery.
I really wanted to make this a true one pot meal so I chose a small noodle that would cook up easily right in the Instant Pot. I chose ditalini. You can use any small pasta.
Actually creating this meatball soup is pretty simple. Start by adding the veggies to the Instant Pot. Next add the, seasonings, meatballs, pasta and broth. Set the Instant Pot to 9 minutes, using the manual button. After the timer beeps, use the quick release. Finally, to finish the soup, I topped with freshly chopped scallions and parsley.
5 from 3 votes Print Instant Pot Meatball Soup This family friendly, delicious soup is only minutes away, thanks to frozen meatballs and an Instant Pot pressure cooker.
Ingredients 1 C diced carrot
1/2 C diced celery
3/4 C diced sweet onion
20-25 mini meatballs , frozen
1 1/2 C ditalini pasta , or other small soup pasta
40 oz vegetable stock or broth
1 tsp salt
1/2 tsp black pepper , freshly cracked
2 T diced parsley , fresh
2 T diced scallions Instructions Place all ingredients except parsley and scallions in Instant Pot. Stir. Using manual function, set to high pressure for 9 minutes . After 9 minutes, use quick release. Stir. Top with scallions and parsley and serve.
So, just to recap, here is why you should make this Instant Pot Meatball Soup:
My name is Christopher Cantwell, perhaps you've heard of me. Some of you have followed me for years as I ran for the United States House of Representatives, made a brief foray into stand up comedy, co-hosted a nationally syndicated broadcast radio show, was featured on the Colbert Report, and filled the pages of this blog with text, audio, and video throughout the years. Many more of you may just recently have heard of me, either as the “Crying Nazi” or the soulless monster featured on Vice News, depending on what narrative the enemies of the white race were trying to lie to you about.
For the last 107 days I have paced back and forth, surrounded by concrete and steel in the Albemarle Charlottesville Regional Jail. My time in their custody was not served because I had committed, much less been convicted of a crime, mind you. I was held without bail for 107 days because left wing terrorists lied to magistrates and police, a fact that was proven in court on November 9th, when two of my three charges were dropped. I spent another 3+ weeks waiting for a new bail hearing. As I write this, I have a GPS monitor on my ankle which requires frequent charging. People want to kill me, but I'm forbidden from carrying a firearm to protect myself. So it's a very good thing that very few people know where I am.
It would be inaccurate to say that I have not suffered from this politically motivated, malicious prosecution. Despite the courtesy and professionalism of the jail staff, I did not much enjoy the accommodations there, even if it only costed me $1/day. I was both surprised and quite touched at how much money I was able to raise for my defense, but that money has been spent about as fast as we've raised it, and my trial isn't until February. Since my entire business model revolves around bad press, being unable to fully capitalize on the media attention that was drawn to me after the Vice News dramatization has costed me immeasurable amounts of lost revenue.
As the pages of this site can confirm however, the effort to silence me was most unsuccessful. As far as I am concerned, that is what matters most.
In case you haven't been keeping up, I've been hosting a podcast called “Live from Seg” from the jail. I call my co-host, Jared Howe, he records the call, and uploads the recordings to my website. Now that I'm out, I can get back to the live, open phones format of the Radical Agenda, once I have all my equipment set up. This will take a few days, but not weeks.
This will be the worst thing that ever happened to Jews, and just like every other time they have earned the anger of the people they parasite from, they will be the ones who make it happen. If you want to lock me up, you should probably wait for me to break the law. I have not done that, and now that the narrative collapse is in full swing, I'll be hosting the most entertaining alt right podcast on the web when the charges are dropped or I am found not guilty at trial, and national media goes insane over the news. I've spent the last 107 days reading everything I could get my hands on about the Jewish Question, and I am about to start transmitting that knowledge to the world.
You've banned me from Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube, iTunes, PayPal, and I don't even know what else. You've assaulted me, threatened my life, and had me arrested on false charges. I'm still standing, and still speaking. Taller and louder than ever. If you want to stop me, you'll have to follow through on those death threats, but ultimately that won't even accomplish anything. Secrets are just too difficult to keep these days.
The Bataan Nuclear Power Plant in Bagac is surrounded by wide roads and an elevated landscape to mitigate nuclear accidents. Jonathan Cellona, ABS-CBN News
DAVAO CITY - President Rodrigo Duterte has rejected proposals to use nuclear energy to bring down power costs, saying nuclear power plants will "not operate during his presidency."
"We have not reached the danger zone wherein we will die if there is no available energy," the President said.
"Maybe someday, [but] not during my presidency," he added.
Duterte said the use of nuclear power must be studied carefully to avoid unfortunate accidents that may harm the public.
"Huwag muna ngayon kasi (Not now because) we have to come up with really tight safeguards to assure that there will be no disasters if there is a nuclear leak or explosion somewhere in the nuclear reactors that we will be building," he said.
Energy Secretary Alfonso Cusi earlier said nuclear generation is one of the options for the Philippines to meet its growing power needs, with annual electricity demand expected to rise by an average 5 percent until 2030.
Energy officials and lawmakers visited the Bataan Nuclear Power Plant (BNPP) in September to assess if the 40-year-old mothballed plant can still be used or if the government should build a brand-new nuke plant instead.
The late dictator Ferdinand Marcos ordered the plant built in 1976 in response to rising energy prices. It was finished in 1984.
However, the facility was never used after it was declared unsafe as it sits on a major earthquake fault line and lies near the Pinatubo volcano.
. Almost every part of chicken are edible to Most Pinoy. theandincluding theare the more popular for the reason that these are used as ingredients to a lot of Pinoy noodle dish and or vegetable dish compared to the other chicken parts, like chicken feet, tail, intestine ect. One of the best ways to cook chicken gizzard and liver is dry and spicy adobo.isalso a favorite pulutan, best served sizzling in a hot plate. Chicken gizzard and liver are readily available i most supermarkets.Here is the recipe on my1/2 kilo chicken gizzard1/2 kilo chicken liver1 head garlic, peeled,crushed1 medium size onion, peeled, chopped2 thumb size ginger, skinned, sliced1 tsp. peppercorns3-5 pieces bay leaf3-5 pieces red hot chili1/4 cup soy sauce1/3 cup vinegarsaltCut in to halves and remove hard inner lining of chicken gizzard, cut chicken liver into serving pieces. Wash thoroughly, drain and keep aside. In a medium size sauce pan first put in the chicken gizzard, pour in 5 to 6 cups of water then add in the vinegar, soy sauce, garlic, onion, ginger, peppercorns and bay leaf bring to a boil and simmer in medium heat for 30 to 45 minutes or until the chicken gizzard are tender. Add in the chicken liver and chili, cook for another 5 to 10 minutes or until the liquid turns to an oily sauce, correct saltiness if required. Serve with a lot of rice.See other related adobo recipe.
Make that 17 for 17 for Marvel.
"Thor: Ragnarok," Marvel Studios' seventeenth film, opened on top of the box office this weekend.
That keeps the perfect streak alive for Disney's (DIS) superhero studio. It has never had one of its films fall short of opening in the number one spot.
The film, starring Chris Hemsworth as the god of thunder Thor and Cate Blanchett as the goddess of death Hela, brought in an estimated $121 million in 4,080 theaters in North America this weekend.
That makes "Ragnarok" the fourth-largest opening of the year in the U.S. It is also by far the biggest opening for the character, which has never really had the popularity or box office might of other Marvel heroes like Iron Man and the Guardians of the Galaxy.
In fact, the opening earnings for "Ragnarok" -- the third "Thor" film -- marked 41% increase over the opening of the series' second installment, 2013's "Thor: The Dark World." "Ragnarok" also saw a 84% increase over the opening of the original film, 2011's "Thor."
Related: 'Thor: Ragnarok' flexes its comedy muscles
The film has so far nabbed $427 million globally since opening in international markets last week. In total, Marvel Studios films have now made more than $5 billion domestically and $13 billion worldwide at the box office.
"Ragnarok" had a lot working in its favor. The buzz around the film has been strong ever since its teaser trailer debuted earlier this year. It was helped by the surprising inclusion of a Led Zeppelin track and a much-talked about battle between Thor and the Incredible Hulk.
The film also had strong reviews from fans of the Norse god and from critics.
"Ragnarok" brought in an "A" CinemaScore from audiences and a 93% score on the review site Rotten Tomatoes. That makes it one of the best-reviewed Marvel films in the brand's nearly decade-long run.
Neoconservatism Is An Omnicidal Death Cult, And It Must Be Stopped
Caitlin Johnstone Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 18, 2017
Glenn Greenwald has just published a very important article in The Intercept that I would have everyone in America read if I could. Titled “With New D.C. Policy Group, Dems Continue to Rehabilitate and Unify With Bush-Era Neocons”, Greenwald's excellent piece details the frustratingly under-reported way that the leaders of the neoconservative death cult have been realigning with the Democratic party.
This pivot back to the party of neoconservatism's origin is one of the most significant political events of the new millennium, but aside from a handful of sharp political analysts like Greenwald it's been going largely undiscussed. This is weird, and we need to start talking about it. A lot. Their willful alignment with neoconservatism should be the very first thing anyone ever talks about when discussing the Democratic party. When you hear someone complaining that the Democratic party has no platform besides being anti-Trump, your response should be, “Yeah it does. Their platform is the omnicidal death cult of neoconservatism.”
It's absolutely insane that neoconservatism is still a thing, let alone still a thing that mainstream America tends to regard as a perfectly legitimate set of opinions for a human being to have. As what Dr. Paul Craig Roberts rightly calls “the most dangerous ideology that has ever existed,” neoconservatism has used its nonpartisan bloodlust to work with the Democratic party for the purpose of escalating tensions with Russia on multiple fronts, bringing our species to the brink of what could very well end up being a world war with a nuclear superpower and its allies.
This is not okay. Being a neoconservative should receive at least as much vitriolic societal rejection as being a Ku Klux Klan member or a child molester, but neocon pundits are routinely invited on mainstream television outlets to share their depraved perspectives. Check out leading neoconservative Bill Kristol's response to the aforementioned Intercept article:
Okay, leaving aside the fact that this bloodthirsty psychopath is saying neocons “won” a Cold War that neocons have deliberately reignited by fanning the flames of the Russia hysteria and pushing for more escalations, how insane is it that we live in a society where a public figure can just be like, “Yeah, I'm a neocon, I advocate for using military aggression to maintain US hegemony and I think it's great,” and have that be okay? These people kill children. Neoconservatism means piles upon piles of child corpses. It means devoting the resources of a nation that won't even provide its citizens with a real healthcare system to widespread warfare and all the death, destruction, chaos, terrorism, rape and suffering that necessarily comes with war. The only way that you can possibly regard neoconservatism as just one more set of political opinions is if you completely compartmentalize away from the reality of everything that it is.
This should not happen. The tensions with Russia that these monsters have worked so hard to escalate could blow up at any moment; there are too many moving parts, too many things that could go wrong. The last Cold War brought our species within a hair's breadth of total annihilation due to our inability to foresee all possible complications which can arise from such a contest, and these depraved death cultists are trying to drag us back into another one. Nothing is worth that. Nothing is worth risking the life of every organism on earth, but they're risking it all for geopolitical influence.
I've had a very interesting last 24 hours. My article about Senator John McCain (which I titled “Please Just Fucking Die Already” because the title I really wanted to use seemed a bit crass) has received an amount of attention that I'm not accustomed to, from CNN to USA Today to the Washington Post. I watched Whoopi Goldberg and Joy Behar talking about me on The View. They called me a “Bernie Sanders person.” It was a trip. Apparently some very low-level Republican with a few hundred Twitter followers went and retweeted my article with an approving caption, and that sort of thing is worthy of coast-to-coast mainstream coverage in today's America.
This has of course brought in a deluge of angry comments, mostly from people whose social media pages are full of Russiagate nonsense, showing where McCain's current support base comes from. Some call him a war hero, some talk about him like he's a perfectly fine politician, some defend him as just a normal person whose politics I happen to disagree with.
This is insane. This man has actively and enthusiastically pushed for every single act of military aggression that America has engaged in, and some that it hasn't, throughout his entire career. He makes Hillary “We came, we saw, he died” Clinton look like a dove. When you look at John McCain, the very first thing you see should not be a former presidential candidate, a former POW or an Arizona Senator; the first thing you see should be the piles of human corpses that he has helped to create. This is not a normal kind of person, and I still do sincerely hope that he dies of natural causes before he can do any more harm.
Can we change this about ourselves, please? None of us should have to live in a world where pushing for more bombing campaigns at every opportunity is an acceptable agenda for a public figure to have. Neoconservatism is a psychopathic death cult whose relentless hyper-hawkishness is a greater threat to the survival of our species than anything else in the world right now. These people are traitors to humanity, and their ideology needs to be purged from the face of the earth forever. I'm not advocating violence of any kind here, but let's stop pretending that this is okay. Let's start calling these people the murderous psychopaths that they are whenever they rear their evil heads and stop respecting and legitimizing them. There should be a massive, massive social stigma around what these people do, so we need to create one. They should be marginalized, not leading us.
— — —
I'm a 100 percent reader-funded journalist so if you enjoyed this, please consider helping me out by sharing it around, liking me on Facebook, following me onTwitter, or throwing some money into my hat on Patreon.
The Baltimore Ravens and Pittsburgh Steelers share similar belief systems from building a team through the draft to maintaining cohesion in the front office to relying on a quarterback-attacking 3-4 defense. The NFL's version of the Hatfields & McCoys have been philosophical twins throughout most of the past decade.
Where the Ravens and Steelers differ this year, and differ drastically, is on the offensive line. The Ravens are banking on experience, and the Steelers are going with youth.
Which team is making the right decision for this year? The final standings will let everyone know. While the Bengals will have a say in the division race, the offensive line will go a long way in determining whether the Ravens are better than the Steelers, or vice versa.
There are risks and rewards with both strategies because Baltimore and Pittsburgh are going to the extremes. The Ravens have the oldest offensive line in the NFL, and the Steelers have one of the youngest.
If you want a line with cohesion, you'll take the Ravens. If you want a line with fresh legs and a strong pedigree, you'll take the Steelers. If you worry about a line breaking down, you'll want to stay away from Baltimore. And if you are concerned about rookie mistakes, you'll distance yourself from Pittsburgh.
The Ravens are in the most trouble, if you believe the "Theory of 150" from ESPN's John Clayton. This is how Clayton explains it: "If a team lets its starting offensive line exceed the total age of 150 years for five starters, the clock is ticking on its remaining success." A cumulative age of 150 means an average age of 30 for five starters.
Pittsburgh's offensive line allowed 42 sacks last season -- tied for ninth-worst in the NFL. Charles LeClaire/US Presswire
Baltimore's projected starting lineup is: left tackle Bryant McKinnie (turns 33 in September), left guard Bobbie Williams (turns 36 in September), center Matt Birk (turns 36 this month), right guard Marshal Yanda (turns 28 in September) and right tackle Michael Oher (26). That's a grand total of 159. In other words, the Ravens are the Rolling Stones of offensive lines.
As Clayton points out, three of the six lowest-rated lines last year were affected by the Theory of 150: the Bears (32nd), Giants (31st) and Redskins (27th). The Ravens linemen, however, aren't paying much attention to the criticism.
"Trust me, people don't have anything to worry about,” said Oher, who is entering his fifth season with the Ravens. “This is the most confident I've been in our group. I really like the pieces in our room. I think we're going to be great."
The Steelers will be equally great if they live up to draft expectations. Pittsburgh's commitment to building an offensive line shows in that the Steelers have used two first-round picks (center Maurkice Pouncey and right guard David DeCastro) and two second-round ones (offensive tackles Marcus Gilbert and Mike Adams) on blockers over the past three drafts.
The only projected starter not drafted since 2010 is left guard Willie Colon, who hasn't even turned 30. The average age of Pittsburgh's projected line is 24, or nearly eight years younger than the Ravens' offensive line.
"I love what the Steelers have done in that they have built an incredibly talented foundation for years to come without sacrificing too much for 2012," said Matt Williamson of Scouts Inc. "If I were to pick one NFL offensive line for the long term, it would be Pittsburgh's. But doing so came at a price in terms of high draft picks. Still, this is the best way to build a great offensive line."
Pittsburgh needed to create a foundation after last year's offensive line continued to crack. According to ESPN Stats & Information, the Steelers used a league-high 25 different offensive line combinations in 2011.
The challenge for Pittsburgh is getting DeCastro and Adams ready to start as rookies. This isn't typical for a Steelers organization that has started only one rookie offensive lineman in a season opener over the past decade (it was Pouncey).
What has hurt the development of DeCastro and Adams is the fact that they were limited to one full-team minicamp this spring because of a rule that prohibits rookies from practicing with their pro teams until the academic calendar year of the school they attended is over.
"I think in the big scheme of things, when we push toward the fall and winter, hopefully it will be insignificant if they do what they're supposed to do and we do what we're supposed to do," Steelers coach Mike Tomlin said. "Obviously, it creates some short-term misery. But, as professionals, we all should be able to overcome that."
While the Ravens offensive line is much older than the Steelers right now, Baltimore can get young very quickly. The Ravens have used draft picks on their offensive line, too.
Over the past two drafts, Baltimore has selected guard Kelechi Osemele in the second round, tackle Jah Reid in the third and center Gino Gradkowski in the fourth. But, unlike the Steelers, the Ravens have decided to wait on putting them in the starting lineup. One could assume all three will be starters by next season along with Oher and Yanda.
"What is nice about how Baltimore is doing things is that they not only now have good overall offensive line depth, and some young guys that can play several positions, but they also don't have to thrust youthful players to the field before they are ready," Williamson said.
The similarities for both lines is that their success rests on the play of their left tackles. There are questions whether McKinnie, who didn't practice during the Ravens mandatory minicamp last month because he was nine pounds over his targeted weight, can maintain his level of play throughout a full season. And there are questions whether Adams, who managed 19 reps in the 225-pound bench press at the NFL combine (a low number for an offensive lineman), is strong enough to protect Ben Roethlisberger's blind side right away.
"To start right away is definitely a goal, but I'm trying to just learn and be ready to contribute, help this team any way I can," Adams told FoxSports Ohio. "We have one goal in Pittsburgh and that's to win a Super Bowl, so it's my job to just do whatever I have to do to help that."
For the past two seasons, a fine line has separated the Ravens and Steelers, who've had identical records in 2010 and 2011. This year, another line could be what separates the two heated rivals.
Rich Hall follows the closing stages of the US presidential race, offering an acerbic look at the electoral system and the candidates vying for the most important job in the world.
Multi award-winning comedian and US Citizen Rich Hall follows the closing stages of the US Presidential race, offering an acerbic look at the electoral system and the two candidates vying for the most important job in the world.
A combination of stand-up, sketch and interview, Rich Hall's (US Election) Breakdown broadcasts live from the fictional IBBC network in Washington to the whole of the United States.
Rich and his producer Nick Doody take calls from every corner of the United States to hear the concerns of voters, offering their take on the issues troubling the American electorate.
(CNN) When Madiba Olivier set out to make Cameroon's first video game with his newly opened studio Kiro'o Games, he had to do it with just $100 and daily power outages. And those weren't even the most difficult challenges for the Yaounde-based developer.
An early design for Enzo, the hero of Aurion: Legacy of the Kori-Odan
"We had difficulty finding funds and showing investors that we are not a scam," recalls Olivier. "We had people telling us, you are just another African scam on the internet. That was very humiliating for me."
Recently, he has proven the doubters that he means business. With the help of a Kickstarter campaign , Kiro'o Games has raised over $50,000 to create the country's first African role-play game: Aurion: Legacy of the Kori-Odan.
Unlike most fantasy games, this one features an African hero, and creates an alternative world inspired by African folklore and mythology.
"At first, the idea was to make games about ninjas," notes Olivier. "But then I realized many gamers were bored of the same story and the same heroes. That's how the idea to create an African fantasy came out. I wanted to break what I call 'the exotic world' image of Africa."
Read More
LAS VEGAS – The Ultimate Fighting Championship has fined middleweight titleholder Anderson Silva $50,000 for refusing to take part in a planned pre-UFC 162 media event.
Silva (33-4 MMA, 16-0 UFC) was scheduled to talk with a few of Los Angeles' largest media outlets on Tuesday but ultimately skipped the session and instead flew home to his native Brazil.
“We had a full media day set up for him in Los Angeles, and he just decided he didn't want to do it, so he's being fined $50,000,” UFC President Dana White told USA TODAY Sports and MMAjunkie.com (www.mmajunkie.com).
The media session was scheduled to coincide with this week's ticket on-sale date for “UFC 162: Silva vs. Weidman,” in which Silva looks to defend his belt against Chris Weidman (9-0 MMA, 5-0 UFC). The pay-per-view event takes place July 6 at Las Vegas' MGM Grand Garden Arena. The annual Fourth of July weekend fight card is considered one of the promotion's cornerstone events and comes complete with a two-day UFC Fan Expo and a full slate of fan-driven activities.
“He doesn't like talking to the media, but it's part of his contractual obligation,” White said. “Everybody wants more money, more money, more money, but nobody wants to sell the fight or go out and talk to the media. Talking to the media is part of your job, whether you like it or not.”
Silva was scheduled to appear on local TV and radio stations, as well as a luncheon with more than a dozen Los Angeles-area newspapers and websites.
Silva is not the first high-profile UFC fighter to skip company-scheduled media appearances. In 2011 Nick Diaz missed a pair of pre-UFC 137 press conferences designed to promote a planned bout with UFC welterweight champion Georges St-Pierre. In a then-unprecedented move, White pulled Diaz from the headlining contest and replaced him with Carlos Condit.
White said he is not currently inclined to take similar action against Silva, and the bout with Weidman is still scheduled to serve as the UFC 162 main event.
“Nick Diaz didn't show up for the press conference,” White said. “This was just a smaller media day, but it's still not acceptable, so we're fining him $50,000.”
Silva's manager, Ed Soares, declined to comment on the matter.
For the latest on UFC 162, stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site.
(Pictured: Anderson Silva)
Despite a Lebanese Order of Physicians ban on subjecting suspected homosexuals to humiliating anal examinations, police continue to use doctors who engage in the practice to try to prove that people are gay
Those suspected of engaging in homosexual acts by the Lebanese police are continuing to be subjected to humiliating anal examinations according to a new report.
The examination involves placing an egg shaped metal object inside the anus and caused uproar after it was used on 35 men who were arrested in a porn cinema in Burj Hammoud in July of 2012 resulting in protests by Lebanese LGBTI rights group Helem who compared the examinations to rape.
Lebanon's Order of Physicians banned the practice in August of 2012 and Lebanon's Justice Minister spoke out against it of September of that year, but this month's edition of Legal Agenda has identified five instances of the practice since January this year.
The report by Legal Agenda found that Lebanon's judicial police force's Moral Protection Bureau had hired a forensic doctor to examine five Lebanese and Syrian men they suspected of being gay despite a Lebanese Order of Physicians circular stating, ‘Such techniques do not give the desired result and constitute a gross violation of the rights of persons who are subject to it without their consent.'
‘The practice is humiliating and is torture in violation of the [United Nations] Convention Against Torture,' the circular states.
Legal Agenda editor Nizar Saghieh has called for the doctor to be struck off for his actions.
‘We are asking the Order of Physicians to sue him for professional misconduct,' Saghieh told Lebanon's The Daily Star.
‘There are many sanctions available, so it is up to the people who are hearing this case to decide on what is adequate.'
Homosexuality is still a crime in Lebanon and is punishable with up to a year's prison, though it is one of the more tolerant countries in the region.
Farts are the common name for flatus or flatulence. Have you ever wondered what farts are made of and whether they are the same for everyone? Here's a look at the chemical composition of farts.
Chemical Composition of Farts
The exact chemical composition of human flatulence varies from one person to another, based on his or her biochemistry, the bacteria inhabiting the colon, and the foods that were eaten. If the gas results from ingesting air, the chemical composition will approximate that of air. If the fart arises from digestion or bacterial production, the chemistry may be more exotic. Farts consist primarily of nitrogen, the principal gas in air, along with a significant amount of carbon dioxide. A typical breakdown of the chemical composition of farts is:
Nitrogen: 20-90%
Hydrogen: 0-50% (flammable)
Carbon dioxide: 10-30%
Oxygen: 0-10%
Methane: 0-10% (flammable)
Lighting Farts on Fire - The Blue Flame
Human flatus may contain hydrogen gas and/or methane, which are flammable. If sufficient amounts of these gases are present, it's possible to light​ the fart on fire. Keep in mind, not all farts are flammable. Although flatus has great YouTube fame for producing a blue flame, it turns out only about half of people have the archaea (bacteria) in their bodies that are necessary to produce methane. If you don't make methane, you may still be able to ignite your farts (a dangerous practice!), but the flame will be yellow or possibly orange rather than blue.
The Smell of Farts
Flatus often stinks! There are several chemicals that contribute to the smell of farts:
skatole (a by-product of meat digestion)
indole (a by-product of meat digestion)
methanethiol (a sulfur compound)
dimethyl sulfide (a sulfur compound)
hydrogen sulfide (rotten egg odor, flammable)
volatile amines
short chain fatty acids
feces (if present in the rectum)
bacteria
The chemical composition and thus odor of farts differs according to your health and diet, so you would expect a vegetarian's farts to smell different from those produced by a person who eats meat.
Some farts smell worse than others. Flatus that is high in sulfur-containing compounds is more odiferous than farts consisting almost exclusively of nitrogen, hydrogen, and carbon dioxide. If your goal is to produce stinky farts, eat foods that contain sulfur compounds, such as cabbage and eggs. Foods that lead to increased gas production increase the volume of flatus. These foods include beans, carbonated beverages, and cheese.
Scientists Who Study Farts
There are scientists and medical doctors who specialize in the study of farts and other forms of intestinal gas. The science is called flatology and the people who study it are called flatologists.
Do Men Fart More Than Women?
While women may be more discrete about farting, the truth is females produce just as much flatus as men. The average person produces about a half a liter of flatus per day.
Farts vs. Flatus
FOR those of us who argue in favor of gun safety laws, there are a few inconvenient facts.
We liberals are sometimes glib about equating guns and danger. In fact, it's complicated: The number of guns in America has increased by more than 50 percent since 1993, and in that same period the gun homicide rate in the United States has dropped by half.
Then there are the policies that liberals fought for, starting with the assault weapons ban. A 113-page study found no clear indication that it reduced shooting deaths for the 10 years it was in effect. That's because the ban was poorly drafted, and because even before the ban, assault weapons accounted for only 2 percent of guns used in crimes.
Move on to open-carry and conceal-carry laws: With some 13 million Americans now licensed to pack a concealed gun, many liberals expected gun battles to be erupting all around us. In fact, the most rigorous analysis suggests that all these gun permits caused neither a drop in crime (as conservatives had predicted) nor a spike in killings (as liberals had expected). Liberals were closer to the truth, for the increase in carrying loaded guns does appear to have led to more aggravated assaults with guns, but the fears were overblown.
One of the puzzles of American politics is that most voters want gun regulation, but Congress resists. One poll found that 74 percent even of N.R.A. members favor universal background checks to acquire a gun. Likewise, the latest New York Times poll found that 62 percent of Americans approved of President Obama's executive actions on guns this month.
Sir Winston Churchill will appear on the next Bank of England banknote, joining a select list of “eminent British personalities” including Florence Nightingale and William Shakespeare.
The wartime leader's face and famous “blood, toil, tears and sweat” quote on £5 notes will be a lasting legacy for departing Bank governor Sir Mervyn King, who made the final decision on Churchill.
Announcing the choice at Churchill's former home, Chartwell, King suggested £5 notes may even become known as “Winstons”.
“It seems entirely appropriate to put Sir Winston on what is probably our most popular note,” he said.
“Our banknotes acknowledge the life and work of great Britons. Sir Winston Churchill was a truly great British leader, orator and writer. Above that, he remains a hero of the entire free world. His energy, courage, eloquence, wit and public service are an inspiration to us all.”
Churchill's portrait from a photograph taken in 1941 will probably appear on £5 notes from 2016 although plans have yet to be finalised, the Bank said. If it is indeed the £5 note he appears on, he will replace social reformer Elizabeth Fry and there will no longer be any female figures celebrated on the back of British banknotes.
Churchill will be pictured alongside a view of Westminster with parliament's clock showing 3 o'clock – the approximate time on 13 May 1940 when Churchill declared in a speech: “I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat.”
The Bank has pictured British personalities on the back of its notes since 1970 and the previous 15 eminent figures chosen have included the composer Sir Edward Elgar, scientist Michael Faraday and writer Charles Dickens. Only two, Fry and Nightingale, have been women.
Members of the public can put forward suggestions, although the Bank will only consider figures who have made an “indisputable contribution to their particular field of work”. It considers the list of public suggestions when picking a new picture but the governor of the Bank has the final decision.
The current suggestions list includes Princess Diana, the Beatles, poet William Blake and naturalist Sir David Attenborough. Lady Thatcher is not on the most recently available list of public suggestions.
The new Churchill banknote will be the second time he has appeared on British money, having become the first commoner to be portrayed on a British coin – the 1965 crown or five shilling pieces.
King added: “Winston Churchill holds a special place in the affections of our nation. His wartime leadership inspired the British people, not least through the power of his oratory. That leadership served as an example to the free world and helped to ensure the survival of those freedoms, which we continue to enjoy today.”
• This article was amended on 3 June 2016. An earlier version said that Winston Churchill will be the first statesman to feature on British banknotes. The Duke of Wellington appeared on £5 notes from 1971 to 1991.
Authorities in Peru seized 1,417 kilograms of cocaine that had Barcelona forward Lionel Messi's face on the packaging, reports Agence France-Presse.
The haul, worth a reported $91 million (£73 million), had Messi's logo, his name and also had the royal seal of the King of Spain on the packaging. It was reportedly found inside of 1,200 giant squid fillets.
There have been no arrests and police say that the packages arrived from the Apurimac, Ene and Mantaro Rivers Valley region in Peru and were destined for Europe.
Police in Peru have seized 1,417 kilograms of Cocaine worth €85m, with photos of Messi on it! pic.twitter.com/AQ8LxJtCJh — TeamFA (@TeamFA) March 23, 2017
According to reports, the seizure in the second largest in Peru this year.
Oddly enough, it's not the first time Messi's branding has been used for cocaine seized in a drug bust.
In September 2015, the New York Post reported that authorities arrested two men in the Bronx and seized $3 million in cocaine, some of which was stamped with the word "Messi" on the bricks.
- Scooby Axson
Cristiano Ronaldo isn't sad anymore. Indeed he's stated, just after signing a deal to make him football's best paid player, that he was mistaken to have ever said that in the first place and it wasn't a true representation of his feelings.
That sulking on the pitch? You imagined that. You see Ronaldo didn't once think about leaving Real Madrid, it wasn't an option for him and he wants to remain at the football club until the end of his contract, until he's 33. The links with other teams, most notably Manchester United and PSG, which were encouraged in media across Europe, were rubbish. There was never a chance he was moving.
That cryptic tweet and his cold reaction to negotiations? You imagined that. Ronaldo knew everything would be sorted out all along and wasn't concerned one bit that he would find himself leaving the Spanish capital. He's Madrid through and through, it's his home.
Much of that is probably true and yet we all know reporters we trust more than others and each one, probably to a man, was convinced there was something in rumours regarding Ronaldo and Manchester United. There was never anything hugely concrete but it was always there, in the background, and as reports in Spain regarding contract negotiations hit a lull, up it would pop again in one form or another.
Nike would pay for some of the move, which made sense. Other sponsors would contribute, which made sense. Ronaldo was tired of the political games at Real Madrid, which made sense. It would happen when his contract had run down a little more, which made sense.
At no point did Ronaldo or his representatives do anything to pour cold water on the reports, quite the opposite. There's a reason for all of this, the idea of Manchester United interest was beneficial to negotiations. Real Madrid needed a fear and Manchester United and PSG provided that, regardless of the purity of intent on any side.
We'll probably never know the full extent of interest or how much talk behind the scenes was manufactured to give Florentino Perez cold sweats, but it's hardly something new. Manchester United are increasingly being used as a 'name', and after this summer that's only likely to increase.
Take Cesc Fabregas, he'd done well since his return to Barcelona but wasn't exactly the local hero he'd envisaged. His contract and standing in the team probably hadn't increased as he had expected they may. After the Manchester United rumours started a second time, there were widespread reports in Spain that Barcelona wanted Fabregas to extinguish them. He did, eventually, but only after weeks of it. The midfielder's reasoning being that he wanted to wait until his next scheduled time to speak, despite his club wanting it to happen sooner.
Being at the centre of the rumour mill meant attention was placed on what Barcelona would lose if Fabregas left, all his good points were discussed and his confidence lifted. It's perhaps no coincidence that Fabregas then went on to have perhaps his best period at the club. He was getting games and playing very well, the Manchester United 'bounce' had worked well. It doesn't take too much of a cynic to think the Premier League champions may have been encouraged and subsequently used.
Over to Italy, Manchester United are often thrown into transfer negotiations they probably have little to do with. The reported interest of the club helps a player's perceived value rise which can help him, and often the club who owns him, to gain whatever it is they're looking for.
It's not always about money. Daniele De Rossi refuses a move away from AS Roma almost every transfer window, this time it was to Manchester United, and his reputation of being all Roma increases. Claudio Marchisio at Juventus has had Manchester United wheeled out on his behalf several times. In March Tuttosport, the newspaper local to Juventus, claimed that Manchester United had been obsessed with signing the midfielder since 2010 and just wouldn't take no for an answer.
In June Tuttosport had quotes from the player himself acknowledging Manchester United interest, saying he was proud about it, but wanted to stay at Juventus and would talk to the Italian club. At the end of July it was claimed in Italy that David Moyes had taken over Sir Alex Ferguson's obsession with the player, so the reporting had seamlessly moved to the new regime. Marchisio is good, but he's not that good that Manchester United would be routinely refused by him and still routinely go back every transfer window over three years.
Juventus manager Antonio Conte had a Tuttosport front page in January claiming that Manchester United had contacted him to be Ferguson's successor, at the time it appeared to be an effort by the newspaper to get Conte the coverage they felt he deserved.
There are more cases in Italy, but for brevity it's best to move on. In Portugal Manchester United have reportedly been interested in almost every big name player who has left the country over the last couple of years or so, and many more who haven't. Witsel, James, Defour, Garcia, Gaitan, Garay, John, Moutinho, Patricio, Aimar, Mangala, the list could go on and on.
It could be expanded to include scores of players in Holland, Spain, France, and South American countries. Common sense says there's simply no way Manchester United could have been interested in all. Some of it is mere press speculation but a lot is clearly fed to the media and often agents actively encourage it, on record. Just one example is Roberto Calenda, who was quoted by Mundo Deportivo in the middle of July as saying Manchester United had submitted a bid to Roma for his client Marquinhos, four days later his move to PSG was rushed through for €32m.
It's hard to think of many occasions when agents have come out and said any reports of Manchester United interest in their client are pure fantasy, that simply wouldn't serve them. The perception of Manchester United interest in a player works, and therefore the big boys aren't going to be afraid of cultivating this.
It served Cristiano Ronaldo well to have reports that his previous club were trying to sign him going on whilst his contract was up in the air, and now it serves him to rubbish any notion of ever giving that a thought. It served Cesc Fabregas well, too. It doesn't take a huge leap of faith to think that both encouraged this behind the scenes.
Countless players have benefited from the idea of Manchester United interest, and will do in the future. The club will be continued to be used, just like all the big names are, and fans get taken along for the ride. After panic set in at the end of the summer transfer window and Manchester United tried to sign both Sami Khedira and Fabio Coentrao at the last minute, that's only likely to increase. The boundaries of believe-ability have been expanded further and the club themselves could be drafted into further scenarios similar to that of Ronaldo and Fabregas.
As Edward Woodward catches breath after a frustrating summer he can be sure that even more agents, players and clubs will use the name 'Manchester United' to help them get what they want.
Follow us on Twitter @Sport_Witness
Wayne Rooney is 5/1 first or last goalscorer with William Hill in United's first Champions League game on Tuesday.Bet £25 Get a £25 Free Bet.
India moved up to fourth as their whitewashes at the hands of England and Australia in 2011-12 were removed from the rankings calculations © Getty Images
India Went up three places, benefiting from having both their 4-0 drubbings - in England in 2011 and in Australia in 2011-12 - knocked off the calculations, as the rankings currently consider all Tests from May 2012 onwards. That has helped India gain four points, lifting their tally from 95 to 99. Pakistan Dropped three places because their 3-0 thrashing of England in January 2012 - a period when England were the top-ranked Test team - was knocked off the calculations. Pakistan's 1-0 series win against Sri Lanka was also in the period which is now omitted. England Dropped five points as their 4-0 win against India - then the top-ranked team - is no longer considered. New Zealand Didn't gain any ranking points, but benefited from other teams dropping points, to move up two places in the table
South Africa have stretched their lead at the top of the ICC Test Team Rankings, while India and New Zealand both moved upwards to occupy three of the top four positions in the table after the latest annual update. With the results from the 2011-12 season now dropped from calculations and outcomes from 2013-14 weighted at 50 percent, South Africa extended their advantage over second-placed Australia to 22 rating points.
India, though, gained the most from the update, as it meant that their 4-0 whitewashes at the hands of England and Australia were no longer taken into consideration. The latest calculations had India with four more rating points, enough to move them up to fourth in the table, just behind New Zealand.
However, only three ranking points separate New Zealand in third, and Sri Lanka in seventh. Prior to the annual update, the gap between the third and seventh-ranked sides was seven points.
England and Pakistan lost six points each, dropping to fifth and sixth respectively in the table. This is due to England's 4-0 win over India, and Pakistan's 3-0 sweep against England among other results in 2011-12 being dropped from the rankings calculations.
West Indies, meanwhile, gained five ranking points to reduce the gap with Sri Lanka from 17 to 12. Bangladesh, in ninth spot, still remain a long way behind the major teams, but they managed to swell their lead over bottom-ranked Zimbabwe to 34 points.
Rankings 1 South Africa (130 points), 2 Australia (108), 3 New Zealand (99), 4 India (99), 5 England (97), 6 Pakistan (97), 7 Sri Lanka (96), 8 West Indies (84), 9 Bangladesh (39), 10 Zimbabwe (5)
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Excellent work from Team Miliband, getting pictures of the Labour leader into the newspapers on the day of the European election vote. Unfortunately, they had achieved this by advising him to gobble a bacon butty on camera, while wearing a suit and tie. What was their second idea – a bowl of spaghetti?
I like Ed Miliband; he strikes me as bright and well-intentioned (and, when I met him on a TV show last year, warm and charming). But honestly, in those pictures, he looked like he'd never eaten before.
Do you remember Pastygate? Miliband queuing awkwardly at a Greggs, with Ed Balls doing the ordering? Bumbling out of the shop with far too many sausage rolls?
Two years later, somebody high up in the Labour strategy unit must have gone: "Well, that worked a treat. Definitely brought us one step closer to power. Now, what other working-class foods can we get him to eat?"
There has been a central flaw in the marketing of Ed Miliband since the day he got the job: they are trying to make him look "normal".
In heaven's name, why?
He was elected leader of the party in the year of The Social Network, three years after the end of The West Wing. This is the age of Zuckerberg and Gates, apps and QI, Brian Cox and Benedict Cumberbatch. A geeky leader would be perfect for our times.
Speaking as the proud host of Britain's most difficult quiz (Mondays on BBC Four etc etc), I watch our contestants – bespectacled, bejumpered, feverishly keen on Shostakovich symphonies or Sanskrit jokes – and I know that, confident in their priorities and passions, they look cool. They look cool, they look clever and I would trust them to run the world.
Ed Miliband should be out and proud about his abstruse interests, his Masters in economics, his political obsession, his prioritising of the mental over the physical.
He should be outside threatened libraries explaining what books have done for him, enthusing about computers and calculus and classical music, not forced into Everyman scenarios where he's obviously uncomfortable.
And yet, they keep making him pose for pictures where he's going to look cartoonish and silly. Cary Grant himself could not have pulled off that bacon butty with elan.
One can't help wondering what other photo-ops are planned by Ed's advisers, as we run up to the general election…
June
To mark the onset of summer, targeting a double whammy of young voters and the famously dog-loving people of Britain, Ed goes rollerblading with an excitable spaniel.
July
Wimbledon is here! To help advertise this most British of events, Ed hits Centre Court for a showcase five-set match against Andy Murray.
August
It's holiday time but Ed agrees that, in return for being otherwise left alone with his family, he'll do a quick photocall. And where better than a go-karting track on a windy day?
September
There's a feeling that the leader's image could use a bit of edge. A friendly paparazzo is tipped off to be on hand in Somerset as Ed Miliband is caught scrumping in a farmer's orchard. The farmer is warned to bring only the lightest of air rifles.
October
Everyone loves Halloween, and the PR team spots a perfect opportunity for Ed to mix this fun occasion with traditional politics: he'll do an old-school door-to-door canvas of local neighbourhoods, dressed as Freddie Krueger.
November
It's fireworks night and ITN news is invited to watch Ed set off a few roman candles. Still nervous about the popularity of man-of-the-people Nigel Farage, the team encourages Ed to drink several pints beforehand.
December
Strictly Come Dancing is the nation's favourite programme, with huge ratings expected for Christmas.
The final kicks off in style with a one-off guest appearance from Ed Miliband, doing the paso doble. (Ed plays the bull.)
January
The newspapers are publishing their travel supplements, but Britain's tourist industry has begged all party leaders to help them promote "staycations". Ed is the only one to agree. His office arranges for the press to line up on Bournemouth beach, where Ed will personally erect a deckchair and then sit down in it holding a large cocktail.
February
Showing his domestic side, Ed is interviewed on Good Morning Britain while baking homemade bread. It's a fun guest spot; nobody minds when Ed ends up with his hair full of breadcrumbs. And it's straight from there to his next public appearance – at an owl sanctuary.
March
To demonstrate his ease with the Special Relationship, Ed flies to America for a public appearance at Seaworld. He's wearing a special pair of billowing union jack shorts for the occasion. Unfortunately, the orca is in a bad mood…
April
In a last-ditch attempt to cement Ed Miliband's image as a macho leader for our times, his advisers send him to compete in Britain's Strongest Man.
May
Don't forget to vote!
As the holiday party season gets into full swing, we should acknowledge the great partiers of days gone by: specifically, the modernists
The life of a writer can be a quiet business, spent hunched over a manuscript in a quiet countryside house. In a contemporary twist, writers usually live God-knows-where in order to teach in a creative writing program.
But for much of the 20th century, writers flocked to cities. This was particularly true in the 1910s and 1920s, when modernism was exploding onto the scene. So, in the evenings, the greats often broke their solitude to commune with each other over a drink (or seven). This led both to some pretty fascinating dinner party conversations and more than a few party mishaps and infelicities.
Just in time for the holiday party-racket that afflicts even non-writers, we thought we'd remind you of a few of them.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Edna St Vincent Millay, pictured here in 1925, was one of the most-admired poets of her time. She was also a great beauty. Photograph: Corbis
Edna St Vincent Millay, New York, 1920s: ‘She was green, positively green'
Poet and party girl Edna St Vincent Millay was a fixture of Greenwich Village bohemia in the 1910s and 20s. Social life then centered on the Provincetown Playhouse and the “Pagan Romps” and “Art Model Frolicks” of Webster Hall. But the everyday parties were more intimate, born of the desire to meet and misbehave with fellow writers and artists.
In 1917 the painter Charles Ellis was a recent arrival from Ohio, but he already knew who the current literary sensation was, and invited her to a party with his friends at their Macdougal Street apartment. “We were sitting in front of our fireplace drinking mulled wine,” he recalled. “It was an extremely cold winter, one of the coldest in the history of the city, I believe. We'd burn anything we could find, wooden street signs, anything. Then we'd put the poker in the wine to heat it. Little Vincent was sitting there with us and had a couple of glasses and we were all talking intensely. I suddenly looked up at her and she was green, positively green. I took her to the bathroom and told her what to do and she did it, and she was all right after that.”
At that point, the sensitive Millay was still “a shy little girl, right out of Vassar”. Her sister Norma remembered the deliberate effort she and Edna put in to become modern girls: “We sat darning socks on Waverly Place and practiced the use of profanity as we stitched. Needle in, shit. Needle out, piss. Needle in, fuck. Needle out, cunt. Until we were easy with the words.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Some members of the Bloomsbury set at a quiet tea on the verandah in 1929. Photograph: Dora Carrington/Getty Images
Bloomsbury, 1920s, London: ‘The lack of refinement of their idols'
The Bloomsbury set weren't a particularly shy bunch to begin with. One afternoon in 1907, Lytton Strachey walked into the parlor where Virginia Woolf was sitting with her sister, Vanessa Bell, and pointed to a stain on Vanessa's dress, demanding, “Semen?” After a hushed moment of astonishment, Woolf recorded, “All barriers of reticence and reserve went down. A flood of sacred fluid seemed to overwhelm us. Sex permeated our conversation.”
Bloomsbury parties attracted an eclectic and distinguished crowd. David “Bunny” Garnett, a fixture of the group, recalled seeing Picasso chatting to the swashbuckling silent-film actor Douglas Fairbanks. At another, at the home of John Maynard Keynes and his wife Lydia, the guest of honor was the prolific romance novelist Berta Ruck, who was idolized by the household servants. Garnett remembered:
Unfortunately, Walter Richard Sickert, who had been paying court to her, had discovered that she could sing and had an extensive repertoire of the old risqué music-hall songs which he adored. She was delighting us with: “Never trust a sailor an inch above your knee.” At its conclusion, I noticed that the housemaid, supported by the cook, was being led downstairs sobbing. Both were bitterly disillusioned by the lack of refinement of their idol.
But performances at other parties were more successful, as Quentin Bell remembered Marjorie Strachey giving “obscenely comic renderings of nursery rhymes” and Sickert performing a version of Hamlet at Keynes's Twelfth Night party, in 1923.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Langston Hughes, here pictured in 1958, was a fixture of the parties of the Harlem Renaissance in the 1920s. Photograph: Robert W Kelley/Time Life Pictures/Getty Images
Harlem Renaissance, New York, 1920s
A'Lelia Walker, heiress to her mother's African haircare and cosmetics empire, was nicknamed by Langston Hughes “the joy goddess of Harlem's 1920s”. She was a lavish hostess who in 1928 decided to turn her home on 136th street into a cultural center, where she could display art and throw parties for young artists to mingle with potential patrons. She named it the Dark Tower after a Countee Cullen poem and stenciled Hughes's The Weary Blues on the wall.
The invitation announcing her new venture read: “We dedicate this tower to the aesthestes. That cultural group of young Negro writers, sculptors, painters, music artists, composers and their friends. A quiet place of particular charm. A rendezvous where they may feel at home to partake of a little tid-bit amid pleasant, interesting atmosphere.”
Membership was $1 a year, and the parties ran from “nine at eve 'til two in the morn”. Broadway stars and nightclub singers entertained an eclectic, freethinking crowd. The lesbian activist Mable Hampton attended a party in the 1920s that was a revelation to her: “There were men and women, women and women, and men and men,” she said. “And everyone did whatever they wanted to do.”
Walker's most notorious party was possibly apocryphal, according to historian Steven Watson. For the evening's victuals, she reversed the racial hierarchy, serving her white guests “pig's feet, chitterlings, and bathtub gin, while the black guests, seated in separate and more posh quarters, dined on caviar, pheasant and champagne”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald, pictured here in a quieter moment of their lives sometime in the 1930s, were notorious partiers. Photograph: Alamy
The Fitzgeralds, the French Riviera, 1920s
Literature's most notorious partiers, Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald, married on 3 April 1920 at St Patrick's Cathedral in New York and embarked on a months-long bender to celebrate. They were kicked out of two luxury hotels for their revelries, and the papers reported on them breathlessly. Zelda herself recalled the era as though in a haze: “Under the sombre ironic parrots of the Biltmore a halo of golden bobs disintegrated into black lace and shoulder bouquets ... It was just a lot of youngnesses.”
The famous party scenes in Fitzgerald's novels were often based on real events, transformed by a similar kind of nostalgic, liquid haze. The dinner party in Scott's 1936 novel Tender is the Night is based on a party at the Villa America on the French Riviera, home of expat hosts Gerald and Sara Murphy, models for the novel's central couple.
According to a 1962 New Yorker profile of Murphy, Fitzgerald's bad behavior was more provocative and childish than glamorous and louche. “He started things off inauspiciously by walking up to one of the guests, a young writer, and asking him in a loud, jocular tone whether he was a homosexual. The man quietly said ‘Yes', and Fitzgerald retreated in temporary embarrassment.”
After more antics, including throwing a fig at a princess and punching the writer Archibald MacLeish, Fitzgerald “began throwing Sara's gold-flecked Venetian wineglasses over the garden wall. He had smashed three of them this way before Gerald stopped him.” He was banned from the house for three weeks – but forgiven soon enough.
Donald Trump speaks to guests at the Iowa Freedom Summit on Jan. 24 in Des Moines. (Photo: Scott Olson, Getty Images)
As Baltimore erupted in riots, Donald Trump took to Twitter to sound off on how the situation was being handled.
He slammed President Obama, tweeting, "Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are (...) destroying Baltimore."
Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 28, 2015
He also attacked the Baltimore Police Department.
Now that the ineffective Baltimore Police have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 28, 2015
And the mayor.
The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters "space to destroy" - another real genius! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 28, 2015
On Tuesday, Trump called on Obama to go to Baltimore and "bring both sides together."
President Obama, you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership, it can be done! Do it. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 28, 2015
Folks on Twitter responded to Trump's comments, calling him "rude and racist":
@realDonaldTrump so very rude and racist very disappointed in you Mr. Trump — Joe Juan Junior (@dishinwitJoJo) April 28, 2015
@realDonaldTrump race baiting at its finest — Fo (@AlldayFoday) April 28, 2015
Follow @JessicaDurando on Twitter
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1GBsSDk
Go big or go home. That seems to be Alexander Kristoff's mantra for 2015. The Katusha rider is setting himself big goals for next year, as he targets a second Milan-San Remo victory, the green jersey at the Tour de France and the rainbow jersey of the World Championships. Related Articles Kittel, Kristoff, Bouhanni, Sagan set to clash in the Tour of Qatar sprints
News Shorts: Kristoff to ride 2015 Giro d'Italia
Gallery: Katusha presents 2015 team in Calpe
Kristoff: My shape is where it needs to be after E3 Harelbeke
"I will try to win and it would be a dream come true to win the World Championships. You can't win everything though. We will try to win everything, but we will see," Kristoff told Cyclingnews at the team's training camp in Calpe.
Kristoff has come off the back of a stellar season that saw him scoop up wins in some of the biggest races of the year, including Milan-San Remo. "Last year was an incredible season where I had 14 victories, a monument and two victories in the Tour," he said. "I know that I am now one of the best in the world, maybe not the best in the world but I can get results in some of the biggest races. It's nice to be one of the guys who can be one of the favourites in the biggest races."
Kristoff and his Katusha team arrived in Calpe on Monday for their December training camp where the year's targets will be set down. It has already been confirmed that he will start his year at the Tour of Qatar. He doesn't expect much, in fact he categorically says he won't win there, but he says that the flat-out racing is a perfect tune up to the battle that is the Classics.
The Norwegian has big ideas about what he'd like to achieve next year, and first up will be the defence of his Milan-San Remo title. The defence has been made somewhat easier by RCS deciding to scrap the Pompeiana for 2015. The switch back to the finish on the Via Roma could provide a stumbling block for him, but Kristoff is altogether happy with the new – or should that be old – route.
"That [finish] is the difficult part because maybe there are more attacks on the Poggio," he said. "It will be exciting though because anyone can win. It could come from an attack or a sprint, you never really know. It's nice also for the public to watch it on the television also. I always loved to watch San Remo because you never know what will happen in the end."
The Belgian and French cobbles of Flanders and Roubaix are also a big pull for the 27-year-old. Aside from a bad-luck stricken 2014 Roubaix - where a puncture in the Arenberg was just the beginning of his woes – Kristoff has generally performed well on the pavé. Despite being San Remo champion, it is the Flemish cobbles that have the heart of Kristoff.
"I don't know why but I think that is the race that suits me best. I actually feel better on these short climbs on the cobbles," said Kristoff. "I always liked Flanders and I always raced better there, although I can't say that now that I have won San Remo, but I think Flanders last year was my best year. I've never raced so strong before. I hope I can make a podium or win Flanders one day."
Grand Ambitions
Katusha's Grand Tour schedule has been up for debate of late, with rumours spreading that Kristoff would head to Italy for the Giro, while Joaquim Rodríguez would target the Tour's GC. The team denied that this was true and Kristoff says that he will join his Spanish teammate at the Tour de France in July. Last month Kristoff told Norwegian media that he wanted to have a Tour team designed around him but he told Cyclingnews that he believes the team will be able to split their ambitions.
"It will be good for both of us because if one of us isn't good then the other can take a bit more of the pressure," he said. "As long as he has a really strong climber like Moreno so that he is not alone, I think it will be ok. For sure we will need some hybrid guy who can fight on the flat stages and the climbs but he must be a strong guy because it will be difficult for him."
Katusha will have to manage not just Kristoff's stage ambitions but a potential tilt at the green jersey. Peter Sagan has dominated the competition for the past three years but a change in the rules means that all bets could be off come July. The new points system will see stage winners rewarded much more than they have been in the past and Kristoff thinks that it could allow for a much more open competition.
"With the new rules I think it will be exciting. I don't think it will just be me or Sagan, I think [Mark] Cavendish and [Marcel] Kittel will also be there, it depends on who gets the most victories," he explained. "If Kittel can win four stages then he suddenly has the green jersey. I look forward to seeing what the changes do to the classification in the end."
Home comforts
Kristoff will be joined by a Norwegian teammate for the first time since he joined the Katusha team in 2012. Under-23 World Champion Sven Erik Bystrøm signed for the Russian outfit as a stagiaire back in August and will make his full-time debut with the team and Kristoff at the Tour of Qatar. It was actually Kristoff who drew the team's attention to the 22-year-old, and his insistence was vindicated when Bystrøm claimed victory in Ponferrada.
"I told the team last year that I had a good training mate at home and he was almost as strong as me, maybe not in the sprint but for the rest. So I said that they should have him and then they signed him, and a few months later he won the World Championships. I felt quite smart that I had recommended him," he laughed.
The pair regularly train together when their at home in Norway and having a fellow countryman in the team provides a certain amount of comfort to Kristoff. Similar programmes throughout 2015 means that the two will be able to work together more, something that Kristoff is happy about.
"It's good because, ok I can sprint but I need to be pushed in the climbs, and he can do it at home in training and I must suffer to stay in the wheel and that makes me stronger. Maybe that is why I was able to get over the Poggio this year. Now I can train with him more this year because we have almost the same programme."
Another tough battle in Arlington, another Texas A&M win over Arkansas. The 2014 and 2015 games between the Aggies and the Arkansas Razorbacks were wins for A&M, but both of those felt like the Aggies were getting away with something. On Saturday night, the Aggies went out and took it, winning 45-24. Here are my biggest three takeaways.
A&M is tough
All the talk after this game was about the goal line stands by the A&M defense, and rightly so. Time after time, Arkansas lined up from the one or two-yard line and was determined to run the ball right at the Aggie defense. It's as if Arkansas was trying to make a statement and show the conference that their identity is still a team that can line up and run the ball right at you if need be.
But the statement made was by the A&M defense. The Aggies proved be stronger, tougher, more physical than the Razorbacks. It was stunning, and it seems to have completely changed the perception of the Aggies around the league. Just weeks ago, commentators and analysts were talking about how soft the Aggies are. Whether or not they had done their research is irrelevant at this point. Those same people are now saying that this A&M team is different. It certainly was on Saturday.
Trevor Knight the running threat
Everyone can agree that Knight, while a capable passer, isn't going to magically turn into a top-rated passer this year. For his career, he has had ups and downs and overall, average numbers throwing the ball.
However, if he can be a legitimate running threat, that changes everything. And through four games, he hasn't just been a legitimate threat, he has been one of the most dynamic running quarterbacks in the nation. Knight is 5th nationally in rushing yards by a quarterback and 3rd in yards per carry.
Knight is averaging over 8 yards per carry this year and already has runs of 32, 42, 48, and 62 yards. His running style is nothing like Johnny Manziel's, but from a pure statistical standpoint, Knight has nearly been Manziel's equal as a runner through four games. (Manziel averaged 7 yards per carry as a freshman and through four games and ran for 366 yards to Knight's 308 with six touchdowns to Knight's five.)
What's really impressive about Knight is his straight line speed. His ability to take off and run has transformed this offense, and when you combine a quarterback with speed and a knack for making the right read with a running back who might be as fast as any in A&M history (freshman Trayveon Williams), the result is what happened Saturday: 310 yards on just 22 carries between Knight and Williams.
Josh Reynolds is still Josh Reynolds
Every week, Josh Reynolds seems to just go out and make big plays whenever they are needed. Against UCLA, he came down with the big touchdown catch to give A&M a fifteen point lead. Against Auburn, again he came down with one of the game's biggest passes and also scored a touchdown as part of a solid seven catches, 98 yard performance.
And against Arkansas, he did it again, first making a reception on third down to finally help Trevor Knight get settled as a passer and then later catching the 92 yard touchdown pass that helped blow the game open.
Reynolds is currently third in the SEC in receiving yards and yards per catch has been among the conference leaders in yards and touchdowns for basically his entire career at A&M. Mike Evans was a tough act to follow as a stud wide receiver, but Reynolds has given the Aggies both consistency and big play ability at the Z position.
In 29 career games, he averages 4 catches a game for 71 yards with one touchdown every six catches. He's not Mike Evans. But boy, he's really, really good.
Team Exceed RC has taken steps up with the most successful drift car platforms yet and adapted it for intense wheel-spinning action. The result is the MadSpeed Drift King Car. Ready to hit the streets right from the box, the MadSpeed Drift King Car packs a long list of features and a distinctive look that will leave the competition in the dust. Power is routed through a high performance motor and electronic speed control, while 540 motor offers the tire-shredding torque and RPMs you need for high-speed drifting. In addition to the unmatched power and ease of use, the MadSpeed Drift King looks eye catch on the road that everyone wants one. The prepainted body features detailed side mirrors, a rear wing, chrome exhaust and more, for a true street machine that can turn heads and take home trophies.
Features
Unique centralized low center of gravity design
Detailed side-view mirrors, wheels, wing and exhaust
Street-ready detailed 350 drift body
CNC aluminum upper deck
CNC aluminum center drive
CNC aluminum motor mount
Durable oil filled shock
2.4Ghz Pistol Transmitter Radio Control
Exceed RC electronic speed control with 540 brush motor
3KG High-Torque steering servo
Foam bumper for added protection when drifting
Easy access front and rear ball differentials
Specifications:
Type: 4WD Electric Drift Car
Scale: 1/10
Length: 17.32 in (440mm)
Width: 7.48 in (190mm)
Wheelbase: 10.20 in (259mm)
Weight: 3.3 lb (1496.g)
Chassis: Molded composite
Suspension: Independent
Tire Type: Drifting rubber
Motor or Engine: High-performance 540 motor
Speed Control: Exceed RC engineered Speed Control
Radio: 2.4Ghz Pistol radio system
Servos: 3KG.cm high-torque steering servo
Kit/RTR: RTR
Body: Prepainted Drift King body
Ball Bearings: Complete
Battery: 7.2v Ni-MH 1800mAh
THE mummified body of a one-year-old boy is worshipped as a “folk saint” with powers to answer prayer.
CEN ANGEL: The mummified corpse of Miguel Ángel Gaitán
Thousands of pilgrims travel hundreds of miles to visit the tiny body of Miguel Ángel Gaitán – known as “El Angelito Milagroso” – Spanish for “Miracle Child”. Miguel died of meningitis 15 days before his first birthday in 1967. But he apparently returned from beyond the grave seven years later and refused to go back – so his parents put his wrinkled corpse on display for worshippers to visit.
ARCHIVO LAVOZ VISIT: A young boy poses with Miguel
“He wanted to be seen” Miguel's mum El Angelito was buried where he was born in Banda Florida, a small town in the northwest of Argentina. But seven years later something odd began to happen when the boy's grave and coffin would often be found open – with objects and pieces of stone thrown all around it. The cemetery janitors initially blamed violent rainstorms that were battering the city at the time. But the mysterious happenings continued even after the weather improved.
RADIO 7 TRIBUTES: Pilgrims leave flowers, pictures and toys around Miguel
The boy's mother said: "We would even put stones and other objects over the cover – but every morning we'd find it open. “We then figured Miguelito did not want to be covered – he wanted to be seen." Villagers moved the coffin out in the open – but then the coffin's lid kept being removed. Interpreting the bizarre phenomenon as a further sign Miguel wanted to be seen, the family moved him to a coffin with glass lid.
Weird, deformed animals from around the world Have you seen the two headed kittens? Or what about the goat with the human face? We've rounded up the good, the weird and the really, really ugly in animal deformities from around the globe. 1 / 39 Newspix/REX Kitten with Two Faces, Perth, Australia
Even after almost 50 years, Migeul's tiny wrinkled corpse is still incredibly well-preserved. The child's body quickly became a local attraction and rumours began to spread far and wide about his supposed magical powers. For decades now thousands of Argentinians from across the country have descended on the remote town to seek a miracle. One man – Daniel Saavedra – went to visit El Angelito when he fell ill with a rare pancreatic disease and within weeks he made a full recovery – he claims.
Google
One of the first things I looked for in the Android app for using Google+ was an option to reshare posts with others. Today, Google delivered it.
And I'm not alone. Resharing was the top-requested feature for using Google's social network on mobile devices.
"The Google+ Android app update includes our No. 1 most requested mobile feature, resharing posts," said mobile product mamager Ben Eidelson in a YouTube video. The feature is in Google+ for Android 1.0.6.
To use it, users tap on a post, then tap on the three dots in the upper right signifying actions they can take with it. The "share" option lets people share the post publicly or just to circles.
The feature stands to significantly improve the activity on mobile devices, where it's often handy to forward an e-mail or retweet a tweet--activities that are a lot easier than creating an original post from scratch.
The feature won't be limited to the Android app, of course.
"Don't worry, iOS and Web app folks, reshare is coming soon for you too!" added Punit Soni, the lead product manager for Google+ games and mobile, in a Google+ post.
The new version also lets people create new circles, Google said in release notes. Here's Eidelson's video:
Paris Saint-Germain target Kylian Mbappe was excluded from Monaco training after an altercation with a teammate last week, L'Equipe has reported.
Mbappe, who is weighing up his options, was left out of the Monaco squad for Friday's 1-0 Ligue 1 win over Metz, with boss Leonardo Jardim saying the striker was "not 100 percent."
L'Equipe, though, claims Mbappe had been excluded from training following a training ground altercation with Andrea Raggi on Tuesday.
The sports daily reported the pair had traded insults, leading to Mbappe being told he was not required for the session.
The France international was said to have stood his ground, forcing his teammates to move to another pitch at the club's La Turbie centre in order to do their work.
Kylian Mbappe has not played for Monaco since their season opener against Toulouse on Aug. 4.
Prior to the alleged incident, Mbappe had been left on the bench for Monaco's Ligue 1 game against Dijon, but Jardim said then he had been seeking to "protect him from the storm."
Meanwhile, PSG midfielder Javier Pastore has strongly denied he will be joining Monaco.
The Argentina international has featured in all three of PSG's league matches this season but started just one, with Neymar's arrival limiting him to a bit-part role.
He came off the bench with 23 minutes left of his team's encounter with Toulouse on Sunday, scoring PSG's fourth in a thumping 6-2 win, and is happy to remain in the French capital for now.
"The most important thing is to play," he said. "For me, it's to always be available. I'm never frustrated. I continue to work to earn my place. You know there will be competition for places. I need to have time on the pitch."
Asked if he would leave, he said: "I've thought about it, but I think I have the qualities to play for PSG."
Pastore, under contract until 2019, dismissed any suggestion he could join Monaco.
"No, no, that's out of the question," he said. "There's nothing at all in that."
Ian is ESPN's French football correspondent. Twitter: @ian_holyman
Julian Edwin "Cannonball" Adderley (September 15, 1928 – August 8, 1975) was an American jazz alto saxophonist of the hard bop era of the 1950s and 1960s.[2][3][4]
Adderley is remembered for his 1966 soul jazz single "Mercy, Mercy, Mercy",[5] a crossover hit on the pop charts (it was also covered by the Buckinghams). He worked with trumpeter Miles Davis, on his own 1958 Somethin' Else album, and on the seminal Davis records Milestones (1958) and Kind of Blue (1959). He was the older brother of jazz trumpeter Nat Adderley, a longtime member of his band.[6]
Early life and career [ edit ]
Originally from Tampa, Florida, Adderley moved to New York in 1955.[6][7] His nickname derived from "cannibal," a title imposed on him by high school colleagues as a tribute to his voracious appetite.[8]
Cannonball moved to Tallahassee, when his parents obtained teaching positions at Florida A&M University.[9] Both Cannonball and brother Nat played with Ray Charles when Charles lived in Tallahassee during the early 1940s.[10] Adderley moved to Broward County, Florida, in 1948 after finishing his music studies at Florida A&M and became the band director at Dillard High School in Fort Lauderdale, a position which he held until 1950.[7] Cannonball was a local legend in Southeast Florida until he moved to New York City in 1955.
One of his known addresses in New York was in the neighborhood of Corona, Queens.[6][11] He left Florida originally to seek graduate studies at New York conservatories, but one night in 1955 he brought his saxophone with him to the Café Bohemia. Asked to sit in with Oscar Pettiford in place of his band's regular saxophonist, who was late for the gig. The "buzz" on the New York jazz scene after Adderley's performance announced him as the heir to the mantle of Charlie Parker.[7]
Adderley formed his own group with his brother Nat after signing onto the Savoy jazz label in 1957. He was noticed by Miles Davis, and it was because of his blues-rooted alto saxophone that Davis asked him to play with his group.[6] He joined the Davis band in October 1957, three months prior to the return of John Coltrane to the group. Some of Davis's finest trumpet work can be found on Adderley's first solo album Somethin' Else (also featuring Art Blakey and Hank Jones), which was recorded shortly after the two giants met. Adderley then played on the seminal Davis records Milestones and Kind of Blue. This period also overlapped with pianist Bill Evans' time with the sextet, an association that led to recording Portrait of Cannonball and Know What I Mean?.[6]
His interest as an educator carried over to his recordings. In 1961, Cannonball narrated The Child's Introduction to Jazz, released on Riverside Records.[6]
Band leader [ edit ]
The Cannonball Adderley Quintet featured Cannonball on alto sax and his brother Nat Adderley on cornet. Cannonball's first quintet was not very successful;[12] however, after leaving Davis' group, he formed another group again with his brother.
The new quintet, which later became the Cannonball Adderley Sextet, and Cannonball's other combos and groups, included such noted musicians as saxophonists Charles Lloyd and Yusef Lateef, pianists Bobby Timmons, Barry Harris, Victor Feldman, Joe Zawinul, Hal Galper, Michael Wolff, and George Duke, bassists Ray Brown, Sam Jones, Walter Booker, and Victor Gaskin, and drummers Louis Hayes and Roy McCurdy.
Later life [ edit ]
Nat and Cannonball Adderley in Amsterdam , 1961
By the end of the 1960s, Adderley's playing began to reflect the influence of the electric jazz. From this period, he released albums such as Accent on Africa (1968) and The Price You Got to Pay to Be Free (1970). In that same year, his quintet appeared at the Monterey Jazz Festival in California, and a brief scene of that performance was featured in the 1971 psychological thriller Play Misty for Me, starring Clint Eastwood. In 1975 he also appeared in an acting role alongside José Feliciano and David Carradine in the episode "Battle Hymn" in the third season of the TV series Kung Fu.[13]
Songs made famous by Adderley and his bands include "This Here" (written by Bobby Timmons), "The Jive Samba", "Work Song" (written by Nat Adderley), "Mercy, Mercy, Mercy" (written by Joe Zawinul) and "Walk Tall" (written by Zawinul, Marrow, and Rein). A cover version of Pops Staples' "Why (Am I Treated So Bad)?" also entered the charts. His instrumental "Sack o' Woe" was arranged by Herbie Mann on their debut album.
He had a cerebral hemorrhage and four weeks later, on August 8, 1975, he died at St. Mary Mercy Medical Center in Gary, Indiana. He was 46 years old.[2] He was buried in the Southside Cemetery, Tallahassee.[14]
Legacy [ edit ]
Later that year he was inducted into the Down Beat Jazz Hall of Fame.[6] Joe Zawinul's composition "cannonball" on Black Market is a tribute to his former leader.[6] Pepper Adams and George Mraz dedicated the composition "Julian" on the 1975 Pepper Adams album of the same name days after Cannonball's death.[15]
Adderley was initiated as an honorary member of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia fraternity (Gamma Theta chapter, University of North Texas, '60, & Xi Omega chapter, Frostburg State University, '70) and Alpha Phi Alpha[16] (Beta Nu chapter, Florida A&M University).
His influence in hip hop is evident in songs such as "1nce Again" by A Tribe Called Quest,[17] She Said (The Pharcyde song) by the Pharcyde,[17] and "Long Run" by Fly Union[17] which was also featured in the popular NBA 2K14 video game.[18]
Discography [ edit ]
editor's note: also see De-billionairize the Planet, and Traitors in America by Rob Kall
I believe it's time we reconsider the role billionaires play in our economy and our society. In fact, I say it's time we outlaw billionaires by placing a 100% tax on any wealth over $999,999,999. Trust me, we'll all be much better off in a nation free of billionaires.
Look around, the whole planet is in crisis. Europe is on the brink of collapse, the United States economy is sputtering out, freak climate-change induced weather is becoming more and more common, our streets are becoming the breeding grounds for social instability, and all the while there is a small cadre of very, very wealthy individuals -- billionaires -- who are sucking up more and more of the wealth that used to belong to working people.
Just consider these numbers: Post World War II, all income levels in America grew together, and the lowest income level -- the 20% the poorest Americans -- actually grew at a faster rate that the top 20% the wealthiest Americans. During this time, billionaires were few and far between in America as wealth was more evenly distributed.
But since Reagan , and since a new mentality was instilled in our culture that greed is good, and that the super-rich shouldn't be questioned or asked to sacrifice anymore for their nation, then income for the top has increased rapidly -- while actually falling for the bottom.
- Advertisement -
Since 1980, the top 1% has sucked up 80% of all the new wealth created. And, in 2010, the richest one percent of Americans received 93% of all of the new income earned that year.
And now there are over 400 billionaires in America.
In fact, today, the richest 400 Americans -- all of whom are billionaires -- own more wealth than the bottom 150 million Americans COMBINED. The richest six members of the Sam Walton family -- heirs to the Wal-Mart fortune and, again, all billionaires -- own more wealth than the bottom 30 percent of Americans COMBINED.
- Advertisement -
According to a recent study from the Federal Reserve, median net worth for middle class families dropped by nearly 40 percent from 2007-2010. That's the equivalent of wiping out 18 years of savings for the average middle class family. And that money went to the richest 400 Americans -- all billionaires -- who collectively own $1.3 trillion worth of wealth.
The issue is not punishing the wealthy. The issue is acknowledging that billionaires have sucked up so much wealth out of our economy that the rest of us are drowning.
What's worse is the rest of us are working harder than ever. Productivity has steadily increased post-World War 2, and it used to be that income gains increased right alongside it. But around the time of Reagan, productivity and wages began to diverge. While productivity increased, wages stagnated. That's because all the extra profits made by increased productivity weren't given back to the workers, but instead pocketed by CEOs and executives.
In other words, we're all working harder, but unfortunately by no will of our own have been forced to give up these fruits of our labor to the elites -- to the billionaires whose wealth has exploded and continues to increase year after year.
And what have we working people been given out of this deal with the billionaires?
We've been given political corruption as billionaires like Sheldon Adelson and the Koch Brothers can now buy politicians and legislation to benefit their own selfish interests like tax cuts for wealthy people, deregulation for polluting oil corporations, and free trade for job outsourcers.
- Advertisement -
We've been given gigantic transnational corporations -- steered by billionaires -- that can crush the competition of small business and kill the American entrepreneurial spirit.
According to a newly released study by the New American Foundation, the number of entrepreneurs per capita in America has dropped by 53% since 1977. And since 1991, the number of Americans who are self-employed has dropped by more than 20%. Americans who used to be able to start their own businesses are increasingly being forced to join the ranks of the working poor -- crowded out of the market by the billionaires' corporate domination.
This won't go over well at TOP.
It appears that Germany has had enough with America's Russia sanctions.
Germany threatened on Friday to retaliate against the United States if new sanctions on Russia being proposed by the U.S. Senate end up penalizing German firms.
The Senate bill, approved on Thursday by a margin of 98-2, includes new sanctions against Russia and Iran. Crucially, it foresees punitive measures against entities that provide material support to Russia in building energy export pipelines.
Berlin fears that could pave the way for fines against German and European firms involved in Nord Stream 2, a project to build a pipeline carrying Russian gas across the Baltic.
Austria also slammed the new sanctions.
Hungary, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, and Greece already opposed Russian sanctions.
So will Dems in Washington start an international trade war with our allies in Europe just so they can continue to push the Russia! Russia! Russia! meme in the hopes of distracting us away from everything else, such as our disastrous wars?
Also, does the fact the sanctions aren't working to make a difference?
Sen. Chuck Grassley Charles (Chuck) Ernest GrassleyOvernight Health Care: Drug execs set for grilling | Washington state to sue over Trump rule targeting Planned Parenthood | Wyoming moves closer to Medicaid work requirements Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Lower refunds amplify calls to restore key tax deduction MORE (R-Iowa) said Saturday he does not expect leaks from President Trump's administration to stop after the appointment of a special counsel to investigate ties between Trump's campaign and Russia.
"Don't expect leaks" from the CIA, FBI and White House "to stop" following the appointment of former FBI director Robert Mueller as special counsel, the Senate Judiciary Committee chairman tweeted.
Don't expect leaks frCIA FBI WH to stop bc SpCounselMeuller is appted His search is grjurySECRET/ Leaks continue to keep press — ChuckGrassley (@ChuckGrassley) May 20, 2017
Grassley added that "the leaks will continue to keep the attack on Trump on FRONT PAGE" of The New York Times and The Washington Post.
Continued tweet. The leaks will continue to keep the attack on Trump on FRONT PAGE of MYTimes and WashPost — ChuckGrassley (@ChuckGrassley) May 20, 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
The GOP senator's comments come as the Trump administration grapples with series of bombshell stories surrounding the investigation into possible coordination between Trump's campaign and Russia during the 2016 presidential election.
The Washington Post reported Monday that Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian diplomats during a May 10 meeting at the White House. Trump later defended the disclosure, saying he shared "facts" with the Russians amid the mutual fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
During that meeting with Russian officials, The New York Times reported Friday, Trump also called former FBI Director James Comey "crazy" and "a real nut job."
"I faced great pressure because of Russia. Now that's taken off," Trump reportedly told Russian officials in the Oval Office.
Foreign Policy reported that the White House is planning on how best to respond to the report he shared classified information with the Russians.
Veganism is growing in popularity, and Google holds the proof. According to the internet giant, search interest in the term “vegan” increased 32 percent in the U.S. from 2014 to 2015.
A lot of big stories came out of the plant-based world in 2015 — from Beyonce's vegan announcement to Ben & Jerry's upcoming almond milk ice cream. As a term and a lifestyle, “vegan” is more mainstream than ever.
As far as vegan Google searches as a genre, the search engine's team also provided the following (revealing) info to The Latest Vegan News about 2015 trends:
Top questions on “vegan”:
What is a vegan? What do vegans eat? What is vegan leather? Is honey vegan? What is a vegan diet? How to go vegan? Is bread vegan? What can vegans eat? Is peanut butter vegan? What is the difference between vegan and vegetarian?
Top cities searching for “vegan”:
Portland, OR Seattle, WA Los Angeles, CA San Francisco, CA San Diego, CA Honolulu, HI Austin, TX Boston, MA Fresno, CA Denver, CO
A salmonella outbreak that's probably linked to raw tuna from sushi has sickened at least 53 people across nine states — the majority in Southern California, health authorities said.
At least 31 people were infected across six counties in California, with 10 more in Arizona, one in Illinois, one in Mississippi, six in New Mexico, one in South Dakota, one in Virginia, one in the state of Washington and one in Wisconsin, according to a report Thursday from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. No deaths have been reported, but there have been 10 hospitalizations.
“This is a good reminder to Californians that there are sometimes risks when eating raw or undercooked meats, fish or poultry,” Karen Smith, director of the California Department of Public Health, said in a statement.
The salmonella outbreak occurred between March 5 and May 1. Officials said a specific strain, called paratyphi B, is probably linked to sushi containing raw tuna.
State and local health authorities have found five clusters where people ate sushi at the same establishments, though, according to the CDC's Web site, “a common brand or supplier of raw tuna has not been identified and there are no specific steps for restaurants, retailers, or consumers to take to protect their customers or themselves.”
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration is working to identify potential sources.
“If a specific food or source linked to the illnesses is identified, the FDA will work to remove it from the marketplace and alert consumers to avoid it,” it said.
Most patients got sick about a week after eating sushi. Symptoms usually last about four to seven days and include fever, abdominal pain, nausea and diarrhea.
Those at a higher risk of infection include young children, adults older than 65, pregnant women and people with weakened immune systems, according to the CDC. Most people recover without treatment. In extreme cases, it can spread to the bloodstream and throughout the body. If untreated, it can cause death.
A publication to help cavers read the weather and better understand how it may affect caves, has recently been published by the British Caving Association.
Created to encourage more folks to be aware of the weather when planning their caving trips so that incidents resulting from rising water levels, a common occurrence in the U.K., are avoided.
On a Sunday this past November, heavy rains in the Yorkshire Dales led to the Clapham-based Cave Rescue Organisation receiving calls about six separate incidents of cavers being overdue.
While specifically tailored to caving in the U.K., there is a huge amount of information to be gained no matter where you may be located.
The PDF entitled, Weather and its Effects on Caves: a Guide for Cavers, can be downloaded at the Publications and Information section of the British Caving Association website.
Nival Interactive has announced a new project in the universe of Prime World. Prime Arena is described as a combination of MOBA and survival gameplay inspired by PlayerUknown's Battlegrounds.
The developers noted that the genre suffers from toxicity and the players are tired to lose due to their teammates' actions. Thus, Prime Arena is free of forced socialization and the usual MOBA atmosphere.
Victory fully depends on player's skill and reaction speed — no teammates, no cry!
The game will release in Fall 2017. You can find out more in Steam.
Some unique features of Prime Arena:
The game is meant for solo carries. No team play, no teammates. Everyone against everyone. You just have to be the last man standing.
The game offers quick sessions and rapid gameplay on the shrinking map. If you get killed, you can dive into a new game without waiting for the current one to end.
20 heroes to choose from, each having its own set of abilities as well as gameplay style. More heroes will be added at a later point.
I started studying and practicing Stoicism as an experiment on improving my quality of life on October 4th, 2014 (I know because that's the first entry in my evening meditation journal). A year later, it seems like a good time to reflect on how the experiment has so far played out, and decide whether to continue it.
First, a straightforward answer to the second question: yes, I will continue studying and practicing for the foreseeable future. Not only I now have a contract (with Basic Books, the publisher of my Answers for Aristotle) to write a book not at all coincidentally entitled “How to Be a Stoic,” but the experiment has had a number of signifiant positive outcomes so far, as I'll explain in a moment, so why quit something that seems to be working?
My interest in Stoicism is both theoretical and practical, as obvious from the entries of this blog. On the theoretical side, you will find my comments on ancient sources, for instance book VI of Marcus' Meditations, or Epictetus' Handbook, as well as on modern ones, like Irvine's take on Stoic psychological techniques, or Becker's comprehensive attempt to modernize Stoicism. But I have also written about mundane or practical matters, including movie reviews from a Stoical perspective, and my ongoing “What Would a Stoic Do?” series.
I have made clear, I think, that I am not treating Stoicism as a religion (which it was never meant to be, despite occasional statements to the contrary by some modern commentators), but rather as an open philosophical system, meaning a framework based on some general ideas and insights advanced by the ancient Greco-Romans, updated to the 21st century, in light of intervening advancements in both science and philosophy.
As Seneca put it, remarking on future knowledge and understanding: “Let us be satisfied with what we have discovered, and leave a little truth for our descendants to find out” (Natural Questions, VII.26). Although, of course such “updating” needs to be organic and sufficiently respectful of the original version of Stoicism that the modern one can reasonably be considered to have a family resemblance with the older one, otherwise there would be no point in call it “Stoicism.”
To begin with, why was I attracted to Stoicism a bit more than a year ago, enough to give it a serious try for a sustained period of time? I have written elsewhere about my personal philosophical journey, so I will not repeat the details here. Fundamentally, though, I was looking for something that smelled — philosophically speaking — a lot like Buddhism, and yet was more in resonance with the Western cultural tradition I grew up and matured with. Stoicism turned out to be by far the closest option available.
Okay, so during this past year I have certainly learned (or re-learned) a lot about Epictetus, Marcus, Seneca and the other ancient Stoics. I've also had the pleasure of reading modern authors like Robertson, Irvine, Becker and so forth. Not to mention a superb biography of Seneca by James Romm, and a number of other assorted sources on Stoicism, virtue ethics and hellenistic philosophy. But did it make a difference in my personal life, which — after all — was the whole point of the exercise to begin with?
The answer is yes, on a number of levels. Specifically, in no particular order:
Stoic practice has made me more mindful of the moral dimension of my economic choices (for instance, where I bank, what I buy, and so forth). This was already the case to some extent, the result of my turn to virtue ethics more broadly construed over the past several years. But reflecting on the Stoic virtue of justice and the associated discipline of action has reinforced my attitude in this respect.
Similarly, I have redoubled my efforts to engage in ethical eating, which for practical purposes means that I behave like a pescatarian. Again, this was something that had started before my Stoic turn (so to speak), but has further benefited from it.
Another attitude that was present to an extent and got reinforced by Stoicism is my very moderate consumerism. Generally speaking, I like a minimalist lifestyle, and while I do not deny myself an iPhone (though I don't have the latest model), it very often happens that I go to a shopping district (thankfully, there are very few of those ghastly features of the American landscape known as “shopping malls” in New York City), look amused at what is on offer for purchase, and walk away with the same amount of cash in my pocket as when I entered. Irvine has commented on a similar development in his own life, which he also attributes at the least in part to his practice of Stoicism. I guess Stoics aren't good for global capitalism…
An important area of improvement — as I see it — is that I've become more conscious of the need to keep good company and engage in meaningful conversation. I've never been a party animal, but now even less so than ever before. I'd rather spend my social time with a few friends with whom I can talk at the least from time to time about matters both personal and of general importance, rather than, as Epictetus would put it (Enchiridion 33.2), of “banalities like gladiators, horses, sports, food and drink.”
Even when it comes to my choices of entertainment and how to spend my free time — aside from the social occasions just mentioned — meditating about the impermanence of life has focused me on the need to profit (in a spiritual, not monetary manner) from most of what I do. As Marcus says: “Do not act as if you were going to live ten thousand years. Death hangs over you. While you live, while it is in your power, be good” (Meditations IV.17).
I have had, shall we say a rather varied history of personal relationships over the years, but I am now in what increasingly looks like a stable one — fate permitting, of course. Meditating on my and the general human condition from a Stoic point of view has contributed to make me even more resolute about working with my partner to overcome whatever problems couples normally have, with a mindful eye toward what I would miss if I stopped having what I have. Then again, I also constantly remind myself of what Epictetus says about attachment to people or things: “Under no circumstances ever say ‘I have lost something,' only ‘I returned it.'” (Enchiridion 11).
One of the things I have attempted to do is to provide some of the tools of Stoicism to my daughter, who has been going through a tough time with her mother (with whom she grew up), and now has just begun to face the challenges of college. I wish I had done this far earlier, while she was growing up, but better late than never, right? One of the things I've learned in talking to her (and to other close friends and relatives) about Stoicism, though, is a lesson that Irvine also imparts at the end of his book, A Guide to the Good Life: Stoicism is best practiced in a quiet mode (he even uses the word “stealth,” which I don't actually think is sustainable, nor necessarily desirable, especially given its connotation of somehow deceiving others). What I mean is that one doesn't “preach” Stoicism (again, it's not a religion!), one shows others by example, complemented — when appropriate, and with due caution — by occasional theoretical explanations of principles. The results so far have been encouraging: my daughter isn't a practicing Stoic, but she has developed an interest for the idea (and for philosophy more generally), and a few maxims from Epictetus or Marcus (duly paraphrased by me) have actually been of comfort to her during some tough moments.
Finally, practicing Stoicism has made me more temperate during interactions with others, including family, friends and even strangers over the Internet. Seneca's comments on anger have been particularly helpful here, of course, though this is what Epictetus says on the subject: “If you don't want to be cantankerous, don't feed your temper, or multiply incidents of anger. Suppress the first impulse to be angry, then begin to count the days on which you don't get mad” (Discourses II.18:12). And here is what the ultimate goal looks like: “Show me someone untroubled with disturbing thoughts about illness, danger, death, exile or loss of reputation. By all the gods, I want to see a Stoic!” (Discourses II.19:24)
You might have noticed a striking thing while perusing the above list: often I used words like “[Stoicism] has reinforced…,” meaning that my practice seems to have strengthened certain positive attitudes I already had, at the same time that it has helped me control some negative ones I already wanted to keep under check.
Again, this reminds me of a comment by Irvine, who says that Stoicism may not be everyone's cup of tea, while some people may be temperamentally predisposed to the philosophy. That doesn't mean that even those not so predisposed cannot potentially reap benefits from Stoic practice, just like plenty of people respond to a therapeutic approach that is related to Stoicism, Cognitive Behavioral Therapy. Besides, you may not know that you have an inner Stoic until you give it an opportunity to come out of the closet, so to speak. More broadly, though, I agree with Irvine that the important thing is to adopt, or adapt, a coherent philosophy of life in order to live a more eudaimonic existence. Whether that happens to be Stoicism, Epicureanism, or Buddhism matters much less, if at all.
Advertisements
The entrance to the Lafayette Square neighborhood at Park Avenue will soon see a big investment. A construction permit for $500,000 has been issued for 2353 Park Avenue. The application description on file with the city states the owner will, “convert commercial space to multi family per plans”.
The 1902 building has served as offices. An online search showed listings for Oilfield Pipe & Supply Co. at the Park Avenue address, as well as Safety Support Services, Inc., an asbestos consulting and testing company, at 1410 S. Jefferson, a secondary address for the building.
Helix Realty is listed as the property owner. Helix owns and has redeveloped several apartment properties primarily in the U-City Loop area, and the city's Central West End. Most recently, the company transformed 4242 Lindell Boulevard from offices to apartments.
{4242 Lindell}
Perhaps you've gotten the impression from about-to-be-ex-President Obama's various fake victory laps that the United States economy is recovering nicely now thanks to his spending, regulations and resolute leadership.
Not.
A new analysis by senior Gallup economists makes this contradictory, stark statement:
“There is no recovery. Since 2007, U.S. GDP per capita growth has been 1%. The Great Recession may be over, but America is dangerously running on empty.”
Put that in your swamp and drain it. The economy was in dire straits 2,879 days ago when Obama took office. And despite nearly $900 billion dollars in stimulus spending and almost as many promises and upbeat words, this has been the worst economic recovery since World War II, which we marked Wednesday on the 75th anniversary of the Pearl Harbor attack.
Gallup reports:
The United States has now had seven years to recover from the worst of the Great Recession. During that time, job growth has been steady, if unspectacular, and the unemployment rate has fallen from 10% to just under 5%…Stock prices, meanwhile, continue to reach and surpass new highs. Leading politicians and commentators reassure the public that everything is getting better. Yet there is a pervasive sense that the economy is not working.
Bingo! There is a pervasive sense actually that a lot of things in the United States — way too many, in fact — are not working, starting with the national government in Washington.
Which explains Americans' recent decision to ignore the incumbent president's repeated recommendation for a successor and go with a politically-untested businessman who's made billions.
Gallup's analysis traces the nation's stubborn economic pneumonia back decades. Per capita median income topped out and stalled in 1999. Even accounting for its aging population, Americans' general health condition is declining.
“Learning has stagnated,” the report notes. “Fewer new businesses are being launched. More workers are involuntarily stuck in part-time jobs our out of the labor force entirely.”
While the tech and professional service sectors are world-class, others are not, such as education and healthcare are far from it. Among others they soak up vast and increasing resources. Total national spending on housing, education and healthcare has soared from 25% in 1980 to 36% last year with no appreciable gains or improvements.
You might not be stunned by Gallup's diagnosis. It declares the “deterioration in large, vital sectors of the economy is far from inevitable, but rather an entirely reversible outcome that can be linked to specific policies, rules and regulations that have arisen and accumulated after decades of weak political leadership — often at the state and local levels — and lobbying by interest groups.”
The detailed data-laden report, also available in a pdf, makes for revealing, compelling and, yes, even grim reading.
In this holiday month of muted joys, anxious Americans are altering their impression of the upcoming President Trump. Even as they monitor the ongoing assembly of a fresh presidential administration under a businessman who's promised a new age of national greatness with “winning, winning and more winning.”
Even the vanquished Hillary Clinton has wished Donald Trump well. One of Gallup's most important conclusions does offer hope for a return to prosperity with the correct leadership:
“Political forces, not technical or scientific ones, are now the chief restraints on growth.”
Do you care what people think?
Raise your hand if you've ever done any of the following:
1. Uploaded a heavily filtered and cropped photo to Instagram,specifically designed to make your life look a bit more, uh, photogenic than it really is
2. Bought something you couldn't really afford because everyone else was buying it
3. Didn't take the risk or send the application or buy the ticket because you were afraid of what ‘they' might think
Guilty! Me! I'm raising my hand right now, too!
It's human nature to want people to think well of us. It's only normal to cringe when someone throws criticism or judgment our way. And it's easy to fall into the habit of living our lives in a way that attracts as little criticism and friction as possible.
That's also a recipe for a deeply unsatisfying trip around the sun.
I know about this because I've spent the last eight years sharing my life with the internet. When I interview someone who pursues a non-traditional lifestyle, trolls happen. When I share ideas for navigating a heartbreaking current event, trolls happen. When I create a calendar of my cat wearing costumes, trolls happen.
Just kidding about that last one! Cats in outfits are amazing and universally beloved!
I'm not telling you this in a bid for sympathy. It's a professional hazard! Everyone should be so lucky that the “hardest” aspect of their job is blocking someone on Facebook.
What I'm saying is: After eight years, 2,000+ blog posts, and many, many strangers weighing in on my life choices, I've gotten pretty good at not caring what people think (or at least caring way, way less than I used to.)
5 ways to not care what people think (or at least care a lot less)
1. Make incredibly intentional choices
I thought long and hard about my decision to leave teaching for blogging. I really, really considered my choices to give up my apartment and travel for months at a time, drive my uncool car into the ground, and marry a divorcee with two kids.
If someone challenges any of these decisions, I'll shrug and say “It was the right choice for me,” before happily taking my uncool car on a solo roadtrip. I have complete conviction in those decisions and couldn't possibly care less if someone doesn't agree with them.
I put, uh, significantly less thought into many of my meals, the grooming of my cat, and the outfit I'm wearing right now. Consequently, if you tease me about this faded sundress or my disheveled and yowly cat, I'll probably feel self-conscious and spend a few moments gnawing on my insecurities about my current style choices.
And I imagine that's true for you, too! When you've really thought through your decision and you're positive it's the right one for you, other people's unsolicited input ceases to matter. It's when we can't explain ourselves and aren't sure that we waver and stammer.
2. Use your awesome as armor
Imagine for a moment that you're training for a triathlon. Six days a week you're running, swimming, biking, slowing carving down your times and molding yourself into the athlete you've always wanted to be.
Now imagine that your passive-aggressive co-worker makes a snarky comment about your haircut.
You're breaking personal records! You're building muscles in new places! You're too busy being awesome to care what Cathy In Accounting thinks about your bangs.
Who cares if your neighbor doesn't like your lawn ornaments? You're too busy writing your novel to bother with her sneers. Your aunt thinks you should settle down and get married? Sorry, can't talk right now, writing grants for world-changing initiatives.
Some a-hole on Tinder thinks your thighs are too thick? THEY GOT THIS WAY FROM RUNNING MARATHONS, MY DUDE.
We've all done hard, awesome, impressive things. Keep your accomplishments at the forefront of your mind when you're struggling with self-doubt. Wear your awesome like a suit of armor.
When you've done something huge and difficult, silly judgments matter less. The edges on judgment have been rounded. The barbs have been sanded down.
3. Choose your inner circle carefully
It's much easier to let criticism roll off your back if you've created an inner circle of smart, inspiring, call-me-anytime, I've-got-your-back friends. (This is how to make friends as an adult!)
Who cares if some Internet Person said they didn't like your face? Your partner thinks you're gorgeous, your best friend thinks you're amazing, and your Mom thinks you hung the moon.
This is not to say you should surround yourself with mindless yes-bots who never, ever challenge you or call you on your ish. That's not good for anybody. But it IS possible to create a tribe of positive, non-judgmental people who truly want you to be happy, even if your ‘happy' is different than theirs.
4. Create a Judgment Survival Kit
When you inevitably face judgment or snark, it's nice to have a safe, supportive space to land.
Do people reply to your email newsletter with exclamation points and heart-eye emojis? Put those responses in a designated folder. Do your students give you thank you notes? Tuck them away and re-read them before you see that cousin who thinks teachers are overpaid babysitters.
Do your clients tell you they couldn't imagine business without you? Read those emails when someone makes a joke about how freelancers don't really work.
Other things you might include in your Judgment Survival Kit:
* Some great “I don't care what you think” quotes or images. My favorite burn is from Coco Chanel: “I don't care what you think about me. I don't think about you at all.”
* Negative reviews of pieces of art/literature/film you love. They're a good reminder that everyone has critics! I love the One-Star Book Review blog and this round up of one-star reviews of classic movies.
* Any articles about your heros' rejections or critics. J. K. Rowling was told to keep her day job. There's an actual blog entitled Cherylstrayedisaliar.blogspot.com. Michelle Obama, Hillary Clinton, and Madeleine Albright have been called too many unkind names to list here. That hasn't stopped them from doing amazing things.
Tens of thousands of people criticized them and gave them unsolicited suggestions for how they should navigate their lives and careers. Each of them essentially said, “Bless your heart for thinking I care!” and then went on their badass way.
5. Know that people's judgment is 95% about them and 5% about you
Your cousin wants you to settle down and get married because his marriage has brought him joy and fulfillment and he wants that for you.
Your neighbor wishes you'd landscape better because she's worried about her property values. Your co-worker judges your decision to go freelance because he hates his job and doesn't have the guts to quit.
Your friend judges your dating behavior because it's different than hers and she's worried you're changing and evolving away from her.
Those things have almost nothing to do with you. Judgment is a blank canvas where people paint their insecurities, beliefs, and expectations. Click To Tweet
Does this mean you should ignore every piece of criticism that comes your way? No. Should you keep dating that unkind, unreliable fool everyone dislikes? Probably not. Is your friend right to nay-say your habit of drinking till you black out? Yes.
But there's a difference between the intelligent, well-intentioned opinions of our nearest and dearest and the subconscious pressures of society in general. In the wise words of Dr. Seuss: Those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
Do you care about what people think? If you've gotten past it, how'd you do it?
P.S. Do you have a bad habit of getting hung up on other people's opinions? This will help – and it's free!
click to enlarge Photo courtesy of Flickr/Francisco Diez
For 10,000-plus immigrants last year, St. Louis really was the Gateway to the Western world.
They're coming to America — and then they're coming to St. Louis.St. Louis notched an 8.9 percent increase in foreign-born residents from 2014 to 2015, according to data released from the U.S. Census Bureau late last week . That's larger percent increase than any of the nation's other twenty largest metro areas.No. 2 was Minneapolis-St. Paul, with a 6 percent increase. Third place was the Seattle area, with a 5.3 percent increase, followed closely by San Diego and Houston, with 5.2 and 5.1 percent increases, respectively.For St. Louis, the foreign-born gains reflect an increase of about 10,623 new residents. The region as a whole is home to 2.8 million residents; just 129,559 of them are foreign-born. So while our numerical gains weren't nearly as high as many other large cities, the percentage increase shows a very real jump.Those who work to market St. Louis as an attractive home to immigrants celebrated the increase.“The new data really outlines how the combined effort of many partners and stakeholders in the St. Louis area is having an impact on the growth of the region,” Betsy Cohen, the executive director of the St. Louis Mosaic Project , said in a prepared statement. The project launched in 2013 to try to combat St. Louis' sluggish immigrant growth.Without immigrants moving to the city in 2015, the project notes, St. Louis would have suffered a net loss in population.In addition to thousands of other immigrants in less dire circumstances, St. Louis will welcome approximately 1,050 refugees in the fiscal year that ends September 30, according to the International Institute. That includes about 300 from Syria.
It's been a hectic start to the life of the Muskegon Lumberjacks in the United States Hockey League.
Even before final approval was given to the expansion franchise to join the league, owner Josh Mervis and others were keeping their eyes open for young players. In all, Mervis has seen at least 165 games in hopes of locating and bringing the best young talent to Muskegon.
Mervis quickly rattles off a list of cities he's visited: Boston, Chicago, Detroit, Minneapolis, Toronto, Pittsburgh and many places in between. He's also been to Marquette and Traverse City. Assistant coach Dave Noel-Bernier has been to Toronto and Chicago.
"I went scouting, we had to go scouting," Mervis said. "And we had to scout a lot."
It's all in preparation for the USHL draft, which begins Monday with the expansion draft. Muskegon heads into this week's drafts with six pre-draft tenders already signed.
"We wanted to build from the goal out with our tenders," said Patrick. "We took a great step in doing that with Joel Vienneau in goal and Jaycob Megna, Sebastien Gingras and Mark Yanis on the blueline.
"Then we got two forwards in Matt Berry and Mike Conderman and we'll look to beef up our front end," Patrick said. "That will definitely be the target as we head into the draft."
Monday's draft will add up to seven players to the Jacks' roster. Muskegon team officials will receive the list of non-protected players at 8 a.m. and four hours later, the selections will be made. Each of the existing USHL teams can protect eight players.
The following day is the futures draft and this year, players with 1994 birthdates will be chosen. Many will not be ready to play at the USHL level.
The regular entry draft is slated for Wednesday and by the end of the day, Muskegon will have about 35 players on their roster and that includes an affiliates list of young players whose rights can be kept for three years.
"We will see in this draft anywhere from 1990 birthdates and we may see a 1995 drafted," Mervis said. "I'd be surprised, but not shocked. There are some exceptional guys out there. But as a rule, they are too young to play."
Draft preparation
Five scouts are currently covering the regions of the United States and part of Canada.
"When you're in the game 15 years, you develop contacts and you hope they respect your work you've done and respect you enough to tip you off or recommend a player," Mervis said. "Then the minute you hear about a player, you go.
"The first time you don't go after you've been tipped, the player turns out to be someone who would turn your franchise's fortunes."
Mervis said he is not only looking for quality hockey players, but quality people off the ice.
"We're looking for winners off the ice and on the ice," Mervis said. "If we've got to take bad people to win, I don't want to do it. I only want high character people or people who aspire to be the best they can in all of their lives.
"A one-dimensional person will not fit in," Mervis said. "We're not the right team for everybody and we don't try to be. We're not all things to all people."
Patrick and Mervis have had conversations with prospective draft picks and will be well prepared heading into the drafts.
"A lot of these kids we will draft, Kevin and I have talked to or our scouts have interviewed them," Mervis said. "There is a lot to this. This is more like the NHL than anything else. We interview our players."
Lumberjack officials hope everything's into place this week as Mervis, Patrick, general manager Tim Taylor and Noel-Bernier gather in Indianapolis to conduct the draft. One or two scouts may also join them as the draft proceeds.
Patrick said the reason the draft is being done in Mervis' office in Indianapolis is the team's computer system is not placed as yet at Walker Arena.
After the draft
There is no lull following the draft. Noel-Bernier, a certified trainer, will be busy right away.
"He will be making a personal visit to tenders and draft picks to work out with them," Mervis said. "Everyone will get a personal visit from Coach Dave."
Noel-Bernier will meet the players and their families and provide them with an off-season conditioning program.
"You're drafted on Saturday in the NFL and on Monday you're working out with the team," Mervis said. "We can't move quite at NFL speed, but we're getting there."
In June, the Lumberjacks will host a weeklong camp at L.C. Walker Arena. An open camp will be June 14-16 followed by an invitational-only camp June 17-20. That camp will also include the draft picks. In all, about 75 players will be skating those four days with Coach Patrick putting them through drills and scrimmages. There will also be interviews and physical testing.
The FIS Men's Ski Jumping World Cup, which has taken over Zakopane over the past three days, concluded at Wielka Krokiew hill with 22-year-old Stefan Kraft of Austria clinching first place in the individual competition. He finished with 307.3 points after his 133-meter jump in the second round.
This year's favorite and currently top-ranked Peter Prevc, 23 and from Slovenia, only managed third place. Polish President Andrzej Duda awarded him, Kraft, and second-place winner Michael Hayboeck (also form Austria) medals in a ceremony at the bottom of the slope.
The highest-ranking Pole stood in eighth place with 274.7 points: national ski-flying record-holder Kamil Stoch, 28, competing in his hometown. [See the full results here.]
Yesterday was the team competition, with Poland earning third place behind Norway and Austria.
The Fédération Internationale de Ski (FIS) holds 25-30 competitions per season, mostly in Europe. The Zakopane competition was number 13 of 30 in the current season, which began on 24 November 2015 in Klingenthal, Germany and will end on 19 March in Planica, Slovenia.
Meanwhile, the Women's World Cup has just concluded its seventh competition in Zaō, Japan, where Polish athletes failed to place.
[Michalina Smoleń contributed to the research and reporting of this article.]
Today, P-Lo—who is HBK Gang's swaggy secret weapon, because his beats are as good as his raps and DJ sets—has unleashed a new batch of music into the world.
Like a lot of producers, he's often let his beats speak for him. But he really comes to life on social media, and I like that he's always pushed himself to bring that personality to the fore with his own records. He's not the most technically proficient rapper, but he's not scared to put himself out there; these songs sound like someone daring to challenge themselves. The seven-track project features hi-def production, a couple of big-name features (G-Eazy, Jay Ant), and a whole lot of love for his hometown.
ADVERTISEMENT
"Before Anything has a lot of meanings," P-Lo explained in an email to The FADER. Most of them are personal, but of course it's also a little bit about being from the Bay: "It's really me just letting the people know who I am and what I'm capable of. Before Anything is me taking stand on where I am in my life, where I have been, and where I want to go. It's a lot of different styles and sounds, and that's real representative of who I am, growing up in the Bay Area made me such a complex human being, sometimes I'm hyphy, sometimes I'm a real player, sometimes I'm in my feelings, sometimes I want to inspire others, but at the end of day I'm human and thats where the music comes from. The music comes from experiences in my life, and before anything thats what I want people to take from it."
Before Anything is the first in a series of projects P-Lo has planned; listen below and keep an eye out for the next, #MoreThanAnything.
The Russian government has racked up more than $82 million in US court-ordered sanctions — a penalty that Russian President Vladimir Putin has signaled he has no intention of paying — in a case that could complicate the Trump administration's already fraught relationship with the Kremlin.
A US judge in 2013 ordered the Russian government to pay $50,000 for each day that it defied his order to return thousands of Jewish religious texts seized in the early 20th century to a Jewish organization. The goal of the sanction, the judge wrote at the time, was to “coerce compliance.”
It didn't work. Russia hasn't returned the collection and now owes an estimated $82.3 million in sanctions, according to a lawyer suing over the texts. There is no sign that Russia plans to pay — the Russian government this year continued to dig in on its claims to the collection, according to letters obtained by BuzzFeed News.
Russia's defiance of a US court could pose diplomatic and legal challenges for the Trump administration, much as it did for the Obama administration during key proceedings in the case between 2009 and 2015. The case has been largely dormant for two years, but an attorney for the group seeking the return of the collection has signaled it may move to try to claim Russian assets to satisfy the sanctions and place new pressure on Russia to hand over the collection.
The judge in the case ruled that the collection belongs to Chabad-Lubavitch, a movement within Judaism that dates to the 18th century. Some of the collection — which includes books, manuscripts, and handwritten documents — was taken by the Russian government in the 1920s, according to court papers. Other parts fell into the possession of the Nazis during World War II and were seized by the Soviet army as war booty.
Although the US government has long supported Chabad's claim to the collection, the Obama administration opposed the 2013 sanctions order as well as Chabad's efforts to find Russian assets in an attempt to enforce that order. In February 2016, the US Department of Justice filed papers warning that if Chabad tried to seize Russian property, “it could cause significant harm to the foreign policy interests of the United States.”
There's been little action in court since then. One of Chabad's lead attorneys, Steven Lieberman, told BuzzFeed News that the group has been tracking down Russian assets in the years since the sanctions order, and issued subpoenas to US financial institutions.
“We've received information from several of those entities that they have significant Russian Federation assets and we're pursuing that,” Lieberman said. He declined to provide specifics about what Chabad's lawyers had found, and when they might go back to court to ask for the judge's approval to seize that property.
The Trump administration, already in a precarious position in its relationship with Russia, would be put in even more of a bind if Chabad does decide to go to court to try to claim Russian assets. US–Russia relations are fraught over Russian interference in the 2016 election, and President Donald Trump has had to deal with a wave of investigations and news stories about his campaign's possible involvement.
The Russian government has lashed out before in response to rulings in the Chabad case. After a judge ordered the collection's return in 2010, Russia froze art loans to the United States; Chabad's lawyers have said in court filings they wouldn't go after cultural objects that are protected under US law. A Russian court in 2014 ordered the United States to return seven books that were loaned from the collection to the Library of Congress, imposing its own $50,000 daily sanction, according to reports from Russian news outlets.
Earlier this year, Politico reported about ties between Chabad, Putin, and Trump. But as that story noted, the Chabad rabbis in the United States involved in the court fight over the collection have been at odds with a chief rabbi in Russia, Rabbi Berel Lazar, who has spoken out against the lawsuit.
I have to admit, I haven't read it yet, but, for diehard grassroots investigators, know that the report is a treasure trove of information on the US Refugee Admissions Program and Trump's 45,000 refugee ceiling *** for the year that began this past Sunday.
Don't miss the tables at the end, often more useful than all the verbiage about why we need to save this or that ethnic group by hauling them to your town.
Here is the table that shows that the US admits the vast majority of permanent refugees.
And, here is a table showing the costs of just the resettlement (this year, FY18, for up to 45,000 refugees).
Come to think of it, when those economic studies are done to ostensibly show how much refugees benefit America, do they ever show that it will cost the US taxpayer over $1 BILLION just to get 45,000 bodies in here?
Read the footnotes!
Please note that the anticipated costs do not include taxpayer funding for: educating the kids, Medicaid, some forms of cash assistance, food stamps, housing subsidies, interpreter costs, criminal justice system costs, etc.
Again, go here for the full report. One of the things I've noted over the years is that the report has no date on the cover. I can only guess that is because it is always very late and they don't want any record of the fact that they skirt the law always on the whole determination/consultation process.
***Did you see that the Federation for American Immigration Reform called this a “responsible” number! Have friends like these been in the swamp too long?
Readers should know, that until very recently FAIR has not taken much interest in the UN/US Refugee Admissions Program.
Debate has been renewed about “Islamic securities” following the decision by HM Treasury in London to issue “Sovereign Securities compliant with the Islamic principles in an unprecedented step outside the Islamic world that will bolster London's position as an Islamic Finance base.” Many people have recalled the battle waged by President Mohamed Morsi when he was in office to pass a law regarding this matter. At the time, Al-Nour Party stood in the way while secularists launched a vicious war of words against the first elected president of Egypt, claiming that it would pose a threat to national security. They accused Morsi of beginning a process to sell the Suez Canal and Sinai through the sukuk (securities) scheme. This, of course, was proven to be a lie.
At the beginning of May 2013, Morsi ratified the Law of Sukuk. The first security was supposed to be issued after August 2013. However, the coup and the fears of those opposed to the scheme hindered the passing and enactment of the law. The Shura Council approved the draft law that organised the issuing of securities for the first time in Egypt after taking into consideration the observations made by the scholars at Al-Azhar University. The cabinet of Prime Minister Hisham Qandil also approved the Islamic Securities Law, although the name was changed to “The Law of Sukuk”, omitting the word “Islamic”. The government during Morsi's time was preparing to issue the executive bill for the law and to form the committee of Islamic law experts whose responsibility would have been to supervise the process of issuing the securities. Qandil's government had intended, at the time, to rely on the securities to fund several projects, including the development of the Suez Canal area. It also intended to compensate for the deficit in the budget through the securities scheme.
Under Morsi, the sukuk were highlighted as one of the significant Islamic finance tools that would attract investment funds. The government expected that the scheme would bring to Egypt $10 billion per year. Nevertheless, the post-coup provisional government claimed afterwards that the articles of the law that was ratified by the Qandil government would be a threat to national security, despite the fact that the project was explained in detail to the public. The media onslaught on the project never ceased, noted Rasd News Network, just as happened with the “smart cards” project for the distribution of petroleum projects, the IMF loan, the energy subsidy cards and the Suez Canal development.
Britain as a hub for Islamic Finance
HM Treasury announced that the government has bolstered Britain's position as a Western hub for Islamic finance after becoming the first country outside the Islamic world to issue sovereign securities. “I hope that the success of this government issuance of securities will encourage the private sector in the United Kingdom,” said George Osborne, the Chancellor of the Exchequer. He added that the securities issue has enabled the treasury to raise £200 million.
A coup version of the sukuk project
The head of financial control in the Central Bank of Egypt, Sharif Sami, said in May that the final securities draft law had been referred to the bank for revision prior to submitting it to the cabinet for ratification in June. In press statements, Sami said that the law was subjected to some amendments so as to become consistent with the Egyptian finance market which is considered to be “the father of the law” of investment in Egypt. In March, Finance Minister Hani Qadri said that he would reopen the frozen file of the Islamic securities law in order to study it in a bid to diversify the means of government borrowing after the general domestic debt had exceeded 1.7 trillion Egyptian pounds ($245 billion) by the end of 2013. The former deputy prime minister and minister of international cooperation in the provisional cabinet praised the Islamic securities law that was issued during the time of President Morsi. He stressed that, despite some flaws, the law could contribute to attracting foreign investment.
What are Islamic sukuk?
Sukuk are monetary papers that are issued in accordance with Islamic regulations with guarantees from investment projects. They generate income and are fixed assets. These securities act like property ownership, lease shares or mortgages of project assets. Islamic securities allow those possessing them to take part in industrial, agricultural or service projects where they have the right to dispose of them by selling them on the securities market. They are subject to profit or loss dependent on the profitability of the project in which the securities' holder participates.
The Islamic securities system exists in a number of countries around the world, notably in Malaysia, which alone issues 60 per cent of the total Islamic securities issued globally, estimated to be worth $200 billion. A number of other Arab and European countries also have such a scheme.
Egypt has seen a lot of debate over the past three years because of the attempt to pass a law that would regulate the issuing of securities for the first time in the country. Every time this was tried there were fears that state assets might be used as guarantees for the sovereign securities and that eventually they would be lost in cases of insolvency. Experts have said that Egypt needs to rush through the issuing of securities in order to fund the escalating deficit in the budget since the January 2011 revolution and in order to start new projects that may defuse public anger at the economic crisis
Egypt blocked Facebook's Internet service over surveillance demands
REUTERS/Dado Ruvic REUTERS/Dado Ruvic
Egypt blocked Facebook's Free Basics Internet service late last year after Facebook refused the Egyptian government's demands to build in the ability to spy on users. Reuters reported the story late Thursday, citing two people familiar with the matter.
Facebook launched its Free Basics service in Egypt in October. Its rollout in India was fraught with conflict, too. We've written about the service here at Boing Boing before--it's been called a walled garden, a form of “digital colonialism,” and anti-net neutrality.
The basic idea is to allow poor people who can access a smartphone to create a Facebook account and access internet services that Facebook approves of, all free of charge.
From Reuters:
The Egyptian government suspended the service on Dec. 30 and said at the time that the mobile carrier Etisalat ETEL.AD had only been granted a temporary permit to offer the service for two months. Two sources with direct knowledge of discussions between Facebook and the Egyptian government said Free Basics was blocked because the company would not allow the government to circumvent the service's security to conduct surveillance. They declined to say exactly what type of access the government had demanded or what practices it wanted Facebook to change. A spokesman for Facebook declined to comment. Etisalat did not respond to a request for comment.
"Exclusive: Egypt blocked Facebook Internet service over surveillance - sources" (Reuters, Joe Menn and Yasmeen Abutaleb)
Image: A man poses with a magnifier in front of a Facebook logo on display in this illustration taken in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, in this December 16, 2015, file photo. REUTERS/DADO RUVIC/FILES
It's easy to find the perfect gift for that special gadget-head in your life, right? Just go to the local Megamart, cruise to electronics, and pick out an iPod or a cool cell phone, a nice digital SLR camera or the latest game console, a giant HDTV or, if you're feeling really generous, head over to auto row for a hybrid. Just one problem — a true gear hound probably has all that stuff already. But the great thing about technology is that there's always another widget to buy, an add-on that can breathe new life into your loved ones' familiar toys. That's where we come in. We've tracked down the best accessories for the hottest products on the market, so even if you're buying for the geek who seems to have everything, you're sure to find just what they're hoping for.
If they have an MP3 Player
iHome iH20
DLO HomeDock for Zune
Harman/Kardon Go+Play
Mophie Bevy
Ultimate Ears Metro.fi 2
If they have a Digital SLR Camera
SR Digi-Slave Deluxe 3000
Epson PictureMate Dash
Sigma 18200 mm F/3.5-6.3 DC OS
If they have a Cell Phone
Aliph Jawbone Bluetooth Headset
Jabra BT8010
PhonePhlash
Spark SwizzleStik
Tekkeon ezSpeak
If they have a Game Console
Nyko Charge Station for Nintendo Wii
Microsoft Xbox 360 Messenger Kit
SplitFish FragFX
If they have a Hybrid
PowerFlare PF-200 Safety Light
Accutire MS-4359
Wagan 150 Watt SmartAC USB Inverter
If they have a HDTV
Aluratek 4-Port HDMI Video Switch
Monster Cable 4-Foot Ultra 1000 Advanced Cable for HDMI
SkipDr AutoMax
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - An out-of-control wildfire near one of the entrances to Yosemite National Park charred more than 18,000 acres, destroyed eight houses and has put about 2,000 homes at risk, fire officials said on Sunday.
Residents watch flames rise from the bed of the Merced River along Highway 140, near Yosemite National Park in Midpines, California July 28, 2008. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith
Firefighters were able to control about 16 percent of the blaze, dubbed the “Telegraph Fire,” which began Friday afternoon, said Wayne Barringer, an information officer at the California Department for Forestry and Fire Prevention.
Seven outbuildings, including barns and sheds, were also destroyed, but there have been no reported injuries, said another officer, Daniel Berlant.
The fire has not seen any “major movement” in the past 12 hours, but remains “very active” on the south flank toward Mariposa, a town of about 1,800 inhabitants, and on the east flank toward Yosemite, according to the department's Web site.
“It's tolerable today, but yesterday afternoon, there was a lot of ash falling down” in Mariposa, Barringer said.
“The fire's going in all directions,” said Berlant. “There are reports of flame lengths over 100 feet.”
About 195 homes in the towns of Midpines and Coulterville were under mandatory evacuation orders, officials said.
Midpines is a tiny community of about 600 people along one of the main highways to Yosemite, the storied 1,200-square-mile
park in central California that gets nearly 4 million visitors a year.
The fire is not affecting the park itself, but power supply to Yosemite Valley, an area that includes popular sightseeing spots like El Capitan, has been cut off, said Julie Chavez, a Yosemite media relations officer.
“We're running on generators,” she said, adding that all four entrances to the park and major roads remain open. But “air quality and visibility have been impeded,” Chavez said.
Berlant said the fire was caused by a spark from a person shooting at targets and was fueled by dry timber that has not burned for 100 years. “There's a lot of fuel for the fire burn,” he said.
There are about 2,000 firefighters battling the blaze, along with 200 fire engines, 12 air tankers and 12 helicopters. A big challenge to controlling the fire is steep, rugged terrain that makes access difficult, Berlant said.
Members of the Social Democrats will gather in Dublin today for the party's first national conference, which will culminate in a joint leaders' speech by the party's two co-leaders, TDs Róisín Shortall and Catherine Murphy this evening.
Over 500 delegates will meet in the National Convention Centre in Dublin city centre for the conference, which will also see the party's first ever elections for its national executive and party chair. The party will also unveil its constitution.
The conference will conduct sessions on universal healthcare and affordable housing, after opening this morning with a session entitled “Why Ireland Needs Social Democracy”.
In the afternoon, there will be workshops on Brexit, repealing the Eighth Amendment governing Ireland's abortion law, transparency in public life, revitalising the regions and effective local campaigning.
Amongst the speakers to address the meetings will be Orla O'Connor of the National Women's Council, Gráinne Healy of Marriage Equality, equality campaigner Niall Crowley, economics professor PJ Drudy, Arnold Dillon of Ibec and Irish Times columnist Fintan O'Toole.
Ms Shortall said the party had been developing its structures since the general election and now had local organisations in 20 constituencies.
The party is seeking to build towards the next local and European elections, with a view towards having candidates in place for the next general election in as many constituencies as possible.
Representatives
It has been bolstered by about €500,000 in State funding since the election of three TDs at February's general election, and has hired a number of staff, including the prominent campaigner for same-sex marriage, Brian Sheehan, who has become general secretary of the party. However, the party was rocked during the summer by the departure of Wicklow TD Stephen Donnelly, one of its founding members.
Mr Donnelly's departure robbed the party of its highest-profile media performer and left a legacy of personal bitterness. The two remaining TDs, Ms Shortall and Ms Murphy, have not spoken to Mr Donnelly since his resignation.
The party has retained the funding allocated to it for Mr Donnelly, despite requests from him to return even some of the money.
According to Ms Shortall, the party agrees “in principle” to return his State funding to him, but party funding regulations prohibit it. This is disputed by Mr Donnelly. Ms Shortall said that the position with two co-leaders would continue for the present.
“It's an open question really. It's working quite well. There is a huge amount of work – it's been very demanding, so sharing it for the moment works well.”
John Hartevelt at Stuff reports:
The liquor industry has scored a win over the planned regulation of RTDs in the Government's alcohol reform package.
I think it is a win for common sense, and actually a win for reduced harm from alcohol.
Justice Minister Judith Collins yesterday revealed she had dumped an earlier plan to ban the sale of ”RTDs” (ready-to-drink) with more than 6 per cent alcohol content from off-license stores. Alcohol reforms initially announced by former Justice Minister Simon Power originally included a ban on RTDs with 5 per cent alcohol or more from off-licenses.
The proposed ban was effectively a form of prohibition. Research (a phone poll, two point of sale surveys and eight focus groups) Curia did for Independent Liquor left me in no doubt that the impact of trying to ban RTDs over 5% would be a significant substitution effect, with many people going from say 8% RTDs to (on average) 13% self-mixes. Note that the research Curia did for ILNZ was over a year ago, and I have no ongoing commercial relationship with them.
The experience in Australia with increasing taxes on RTDs also produced empirical evidence of increased substitution to spirits, and this is one of the reasons the Law Commission did not recommend this measure.
Instead, the bill will include a ”regulation-making power” for the Government to restrict the sale of RTDs in future. Until the powers are exercised, however, RTD sales will be left to work under the industry's own code. ”The Government has decided to give the alcohol industry the opportunity to introduce its own measures to limit the harm to young people caused by RTDs,” Collins said. ”The industry has offered to put in place a voluntary code on RTDs. If the industry measures are ineffective, Government has the ability to take action through a regulation-making power in the bill. This allows restrictions on the sale of RTDs at any time in the future.” … The association promised in April to: – Limit the production and distribution of new RTDs to a maximum of two ”standard drinks” per single container.
– Show clearly the number of ”standard drinks” on each container.
– Ensure no RTDs have ”specific appeal to minors”.
– Comply with the Code for Advertising Liquor, administered by the Advertising Standards Authority.
– ”Invest and support” responsible drinking educational programmes.
There are some RTDs which are, shall we say, a but anti-social. I'm not a fan of the Bigfoot RTD which was a large 6 – 8 standard drinks in one container. There is a certain incentive to finish a container, and people don't tend to share containers as they might say individual drinks.
So a self-regulatory limit of say 2 standard drinks per container has merit in my opinion. A restriction on the number of drinks per container is much more sensible than trying to ban 6% RTDs, when people would then buy 40% vodka. The reality is that some RTD drinkers do not like the 5% RTDs (they call them lolly water) and prefer the stronger ones.
A limit of two standard drinks per container means they have as much alcohol as a standard double nip in a bar.
There were also two other problems with the proposed prohibition on RTDs over 5%. One is that under CER, the RTDs could be made in Australia, and imported here. We would simply be exporting jobs.
The third is that prohibition does not work as well as self-regulation. If you ban say 8% RTDs, then manufacturers could do inventive stuff like sell a container which has (for example) rum in one part and coke in the other, and you just mix them together to make your own RTD (just as many self-mix from spirits from mixers).
I have no doubt that the proposed prohibition on RTDs over 5% would have not only failed, it would have increased overall harm from alcohol. I am glad the Government is going for something that will work, over something that sounds good, but would be harmful.
Ukraine's parliament has adopted a law that offers amnesty to dozens of arrested anti-government protesters, but only if opposition demonstrators vacate most of the government buildings they occupy and demolish their barricades.
The legislation, supported by 232 members of parliament on Wednesday night, gave protesters 15 days to meet the conditions of the authorities. Two politicians abstained from voting and 11 others went against it.
The politicians had been debating about the move since Tuesday, but did not reach the agreement. On Wednesday, they agreed not to leave the parliament building until the final decision was made.
An earlier version of the proposed law only offered amnesty if all protests dispersed.
'Revolution will continue'
Protesters in Kiev's Independence Square, some of them manning barricades and calling themselves "fighters", told Al Jazeera on Wednesday that an amnesty would not affect the "spirit of the revolution".
"We are not here for the amnesty. We are here to get rid of the mafia in the country. It doesn't really matter whether they release the activists or not. The revolution will continue," Borgan Kurtiak, an anti-government protester said.
The anti-government demonstrators have set up a large tent camp and are conducting round-the-clock rallies since mid November.
We are not here for the amnesty. We are here to get rid of the mafia in the country. It doesn't really matter whether they release the activists or not. The revolution will continue. Borgan Kurtiak, anti-government protester
Protesters are demanding Yanukovich's resignation, early elections and the firing of authorities responsible for violent police dispersals of demonstrators.
The protests broke out after the government of Yanokovich pulled out of a trade deal with the European Union and took a bailout from Russia instead. Demonstrators have since added to their list of grievances accusing Yanokovich of corruption, human rights abuses and misrule.
The demonstrations turned violent after parliament adopted a set of tough anti-protest laws on January 16 and the unrest then spread to other regions. Some of those laws were abolished on Tuesday.
Another protester, a veteran of the first Afghan war who said he has trained young demonstrators in "self-defence", said any amnesty for detained demonstrators would be "a huge plus" in favour of the government.
"All of those people who were standing here were not all radicals, but ordinary, peaceful citizens of Kiev and all over Ukraine," Nikolai, who did not give his surname, told Al Jazeera.
"Those who used force against them are escaping responsibility while the ones who were protecting their right to free speech are suffering. For us, the amnesty is not just a condition, but a natural thing."
The amnesty bill would not apply to several city buildings in the centre of Kiev which the protesters use as dormitories and operation centres, and are key support facilities for the extensive protest tent camp on the main square.
With temperatures dropping as low as -20 Celsius during the night, continuing the protests without places to shelter would be virtually impossible.
But the Kiev city hall building, as well as regional administration ones seized by protesters in western Ukrainian cities, will have to be vacated, according to the Unian news agency.
'Internal affair'
A government supporter, who was demonstrating near the parliament building with thousands of others, told Al Jazeera that a mass amnesty was unacceptable.
"The authorities should first investigate them so that protesters who committed crimes are not freed," Anton Fenko said.
EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton arrived in Kiev on Tuesday to take part in talks between the government and the opposition, but both pro- and anti-government demonstrators told Al Jazeera that neither Russia nor the European Union should interfere in the affairs of Ukraine.
"It is our internal affair. Our democracy is ours. We have chosen the path to democracy, but by no means should we lose our roots that used to tie us with Russia and Belarus," said Nikolai.
Follow Al Jazeera's Tamila Varshalomidze on Twitter: @tamila87v
"California currently has a one-size-fits-all 2 a.m. end to alcohol service, regardless of circumstances," State Senator and former SF Supervisor Scott Wiener writes to his Facebook page — with "circumstances" referring to situations in which you're extremely lit and have zero plans to stop drinking. Or, maybe he means small towns and big cities, I'm not sure. Regardless, the Chronicle reports on Wiener's plans to introduce a bill today that would allow bars and restaurants to extend their last call to 4 a.m. with proper permits and approval from the California ABC department.
Wiener's bill resembles one his predecessor Mark Leno introduced, unsuccessfully, in 2013, but the current State Senator appears to think attitudes have changed. The status quo — 2 a.m. last call across California — has endured since 1935, per the ABCs public information officer John Carr.
A major opponent of Leno's bill, the San Rafael based nonprofit research and advocacy group Alcohol Justice, remains staunchly against the idea. “We just don't need additional hours of business for this substance,” director Michael Scippa told the Chronicle. “It's not like selling coffee and doughnuts. This is a substance which is a class one carcinogenic — it takes thousands in California every year — and is responsible for horrendous costs in various areas.”
But Wiener is likely to see support from the nightlife backers who donated $30,000 to his expensive State Senate campaign last year. That political donation came from strip clubs and more, and he got it over opponent Jane Kim because he's consistently called to study the benefits and impacts of the industry, as well as pushing for a Late Night Transportation plan in 2015. "Nightlife matters a lot, culturally and economically, and it's time to allow local communities more flexibility," Wiener says.
For establishments like DNA Lounge, a nightlife venue that revealed financial difficulties in December — a few hours could make a big difference. Owner Jamie Zawinski points out to the Chronicle that his business makes almost all of its money selling alcohol, and "we sell almost all alcohol between 11:30 and 1:30 on Fridays and Saturdays....That's only four hours a week!"
Related: Scott Wiener's State Senate Campaign Received $30K In Donations From Strip Clubs
Following the FBI's release of 2015 crime statistics earlier this week, Minneapolis was named one of the most dangerous cities in the U.S.
However, the good news is that the City of Lakes was ranked low (No. 25) on the dangerous end of the list, compiled by the financial news website 24/7 Wall St.
The website says it made the list after going over the FBI's Uniform Crime Report, which was released on Monday. The report said that violent crime jumped nearly 4 percent in 2015, with a total of 1,197,704 violent crimes occurring nationwide.
Violent crimes are divided in the FBI report into four categories: murder and manslaughter, rape, robbery, and aggravated assault. Nationally, for every 100,000 people, 372 such crimes are committed.
In making its list, 24/7 Wall St. says it reviewed the violent crime data for cities with at least 100,000 residents. The website also reviewed the FBI's property crime data (theft, vehicle theft and arson) as well as financial data (median household income, poverty rates and the percentage of residents with high educational achievement).
Minneapolis landed on the 25th spot on the list, with a violent crime rate of 1,063 incidents per 100,000 residents. The website noted that robbery is especially common in Minneapolis, with 459 reported incidents per 100,000 residents – the 10th highest robbery rate in the nation.
While the website says that poor economic conditions can often be seen in cities with high crime rates, Minneapolis has an unemployment rate (3.3 percent) that is well below the national average (5.3 percent).
What the website doesn't address, however, is that the city has struggled with stark racial disparities, with people of color, particularly blacks, making less money, having lower home ownership rates and higher unemployment rates.
24/7 Wall St.'s top five most dangerous cities were:
1. St. Louis, Missouri (1,817 violent crimes per 100,000 residents)
2. Detroit, Michigan (1,759)
3. Birmingham, Alabama (1,746)
4. Memphis, Tennessee (1,740)
5. Milwaukee, Wisconsin (1,596)
Meanwhile, the website also ranked the safest cities with at least 100,000 residents in the U.S. None are in Minnesota. The top 5 safest cities were:
1. Cary, North Carolina (50 violent crimes per 100,000 residents)
2. Irvine, California (55)
3. Murrieta, California (63)
4. Gilbert, Arizona (71)
5. Naperville, Illinois (87)
Rick Wilking / Reuters
Our faith in America has been partially restored.
NewsFeed was dismayed when we heard that not only had Charlie Sheen's “My Violent Tour of Truth” sold out in certain cities but that it had done so in record time. Had America really sunk so low?
(More on TIME.com: See the top 10 celebrity meltdowns)
Promisingly, the answer is no. According to CNBC, seats are still available not only on Ticketmaster, but it seems that many of the tickets that were originally sold weren't sold to people who actually wanted to see Sheen spew crazy — they were sold to ticket resellers.
Jane Wells reports that the “theater in Detroit only holds 5,049 people, but when I checked Stubhub last night, just this one site alone had 1,449 tickets available for the show!”
So, congrats, America for not buying into Sheen-hype and wanting to see his show. Sure, many of you bought into the hype, but you hoped to profit off it. Which we'll totally forgive. (via CNBC)
(More on TIME.com: Charlie Sheen: Trapped in a Conspiracy Movie?)
An effort by Democrats to fix a glitch under Obamacare that harms small churches is widely expected to be blocked by Republicans, in what would be the latest example of GOP efforts to undermine President Obama's signature legislative achievement by refusing to fix technical problems encountered during implementation.
The problem is that under the law clergy and church employees at smaller churches cannot apply their Obamacare subsidies toward the premiums for church insurance plans because those plans do not qualify. That could force clergy and staff to leave their church insurance plans and use the Obamacare exchanges instead, threatening to rob church insurance plans of the participants they need to remain viable.Legislation by Sens. Mark Pryor (D-AR) and Chris Coons (D-DE) would fix this problem by allowing Obamacare premium subsidies to be applied toward church plans that meet coverage requirements. It would also deem qualified church plans as satisfying the law's coverage mandates.
The United Methodist Church is urging lawmakers to support the bill, fearful that it may have to drop coverage under the status quo and let employees buy insurance on their own.
“Absent this amendment it would be difficult for some churches to function as they are now,” said Tim Jost, a professor of health law at Washington and Lee University and expert on the Affordable Care Act, which he supports.
Democrats say Republicans are determined to block a legislative fix, as they have for other Obamacare glitches, and want to keep pushing to repeal the law entirely. A political upside for Republicans is that letting the key parts of the law take effect next year with the church glitch aids their efforts to sabotage the law's implementation.
“We're not expecting it to get a vote — at least not anytime soon,” said Coons spokesman Ian Koski. “The climate is such right now that Republicans would rather repeal the law than fix it. They're more interested in leaving this loophole open as part of their strategy to undermine the Affordable Care Act. They can go out there now and say the Affordable Care Act is bad for churches instead of working with us to fix the problem.”
Koski said it's “not a far leap” to conclude that Republicans also oppose the bill because one of its lead sponsors is Pryor, a vulnerable incumbent and prime GOP target for 2014.
A request for comment to a senior Republican aide was not immediately returned.
“This is one of those situations where if you had a functional Congress, they'd be able to enact a fix,” Jost said. “But we don't have a functional Congress so that's not likely to happen.”
