Image: Nicholas Deleon
The Guardian was forced to apologize this morning after it inadvertently exposed the email addresses of 501 people (including myself) who volunteered to beta test an upcoming version of the publication's iOS app.
The email addresses were located in the "to" field of the email announcing the beta test instead of the more appropriate "BCC" field, which would have hidden the email address from the recipients.
Image: Nicholas Deleon
The Guardian, which has now offered to remove the would-be participants' "details" from the program entirely, apologized about one hour after the first email, which was sent at 7:23 AM ET on Monday morning.
"We will be reviewing the process for sending out these kinds of emails to ensure that this doesn't happen again," The Guardian wrote in the apology email. "Once again we would like to offer the sincerest apologies for any inconvenience caused."
Update, 12:05pm ET: Following an earlier request for comment, The Guardian tell Motherboard that the 501 people whose email addresses were accidentally exposed represents only a "subsection" of the total number of people who volunteered for the beta test. The publication reiterated that it will remove anyone from the beta program upon request, and that it's "reviewing [its] process" for sending these emails in the future.
It's little surprise that Sean Smith has been one of the more popular free agents during the NFL's early negotiation period. He's been contract by several teams, and it is now being reported the New England Patriots are among the leaders to land the cornerback.
The Patriots aren't without competition. The Tampa Bay Bucccaneers and Arizona Cardinals, according to Yahoo! Sports, are also seriously pursuing Smith, a former member of the Miami Dolphins.
The Patriots have a serious need at cornerback that could become even greater if Aqib Talib leaves via free agency. Smith could easily plug that gap with his 6-foot-3 frame.
According to ProFootballFocus.com, the 25-year-old allowed an average of 1.17 yards for every snap he was in coverage last season, placing him well ahead of Talib, who allowed an average of 1.74 yards during his time in New England.
The knock on Smith is that he is inconsistent, but he's big, has the ability to reroute receivers and is strong against the run. Furthermore, he would bring size to a secondary that is need of a big body.
It's no secret that Jonathan and Drew Scott, a.k.a. HGTV's Property Brothers, have another sibling. But, apparently, not everyone knows that.
Some Twitter users are trying to wrap their heads around the existence of J.D. Scott, while others posted reactions to a throwback photo unearthed by BuzzFeed writer Brad Esposito. Scott himself is also getting in on the fun as users liken his previous look to Fall Out Boy's Pete Wentz, Joan Jett, and “an Adam Lambert impersonator.”
“There was method to that madness,” Scott tweeted to Esposito of the photo. And as it turns out, Scott was actually a Lambert impersonator at one point in his career, he revealed in a Twitter exchange.
this pic of the third Property Brother has me seriously messed up pic.twitter.com/UZyWYl6e69 — brad esposito (@braddybb) April 6, 2017
You win! Best description of the day. lol — JD Scott (@MrJDScott) April 7, 2017
Haha of course. There was method to that madness. — JD Scott (@MrJDScott) April 7, 2017
Hahaha I used to be many many years ago. — JD Scott (@MrJDScott) April 6, 2017
According to his profile on the Scott brothers' website, he also impersonated David Bowie during a stint in Las Vegas. In 2014, he shared a video of one of his final performances at the Imperial Palace with a Pink impersonator.
Scott was also a member of the Canadian sketch comedy ensemble YFG and the Loose Moose Improv group, and he's worked both in front of and behind the camera on various projects. Now, as he says, he's “all @hgtv.”
RELATED: The 22 Worst Reality TV Shows of All Time
“A fitting #tbt photo for sure,” he added of the image on Instagram. “I think the internet has mashed @mrsilverscott and me up, he's the illusionist. I was an Adam Lambert impersonator years ago which accounts for that awesome emo hair.”
Scott was recently spotted in PEOPLE's cover story on Dave and Jonathan. “I have been getting texts, emails and social media messages all week from friends saying ‘I saw you in @people magazine!'” he tweeted. “What an honor.”
“We've always gotten along,” he told the magazine of his brothers. “We're great friends.”
I have been getting texts, emails and social media messages all week from friends saying 'I saw you in @people magazine!' What an honor. 🦄 pic.twitter.com/EiP5h4x7VS — JD Scott (@MrJDScott) April 4, 2017
See more reactions to his throwback picture below.
Well, partially true. Not a magician although my mom says I'm magic. 😉 The good old emo hair has been put to rest, it served its term. #tbt https://t.co/ON05Ultz29 — JD Scott (@MrJDScott) April 6, 2017
why does the third property brother look like Pete Wentz circa 2007 pic.twitter.com/YRYvDuTo38 — alex patti (@_alxpat) April 7, 2017
There ain't no escaping that scene hair. 😂 — JD Scott (@MrJDScott) April 6, 2017
I can't believe Adam lambert is the third property brother
What CANT he do? — Blënt Gorl (@benhd1997) April 7, 2017
Might Brad Childress be taking his talents to South Beach?
The former Minnesota Vikings coach told the Star Tribune of Minneapolis that he will interview on Saturday with the Miami Dolphins about their vacant offensive coordinator's job.
"I don't have any preconceived notions," Childress told the newspaper of the interview with the Dolphins. "If there's a good opportunity there with good people, and that's the key, I'll coach again this year. If not then I'll pass and do something next year."
Childress was fired by the Vikings after a 3-7 start this season a year after coaching Minnesota to the NFC Championship Game. He was a offensive coordinator with the Philadelphia Eagles before being hired by the Vikings in 2006.
Childress is owed $3 million the next two seasons by Minnesota. If he accepts a job with another team, whatever he is paid will be subtracted from what the Vikings owe him.
"I really don't know what I want to do," Childress told the Star Tribune. "I may just sit out this year and maybe two years. But I've coached for 33 straight years and if the right position comes up, I'm going to give it strong consideration. I'm a football coach."
Miami's offense struggled last season despite an offseason trade for Pro Bowl wide receiver Brandon Marshall. Third-year quarterback Chad Henne threw for 15 touchdowns but was intercepted 19 times; he was benched for Chad Pennington at one point.
Coach Tony Sparano and offensive coordinator Dan Henning took much of the blame and Sparano was at the center of a messy situation after the season as the Dolphins talked with other coaching candidates while Sparano was still under contract.
Sparano eventually received a two-year extension, but Henning will not return.
Cleveland offensive coordinator Brian Daboll was in Miami on Wednesday to interview with the Dolphins for either the position of offensive coordinator or quarterbacks coach, a league source told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter.
Daboll already knows the AFC East well, having been a coach in New England from 2000-2006 and with the New York Jets from 2007-2008.
Daboll was hired as Cleveland's offensive coordinator after the Browns hired former Jets coach Eric Mangini. Daboll is still under contract with Cleveland despite Mangini's firing, but is unlikely to return to the Browns once a new coach is hired.
Cowboys tight ends coach John Garrett, older brother of Dallas head coach Jason Garrett, also interviewed for the Dolphins' offensive coordinator position Wednesday.
Information from ESPNDallas.com's Todd Archer and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Former Troy police officer Brian Gross
A former police officer found guilty of corruption in Troy, New York is expected to receive “lifetime health insurance” thanks to a police union contract that the city council was not told about for 18 months.
The Times Union reported that former officer Brian Gross would be eligible for the health insurance even though he resigned from the department in disgrace after pleading guilty to tipping off drug dealers to a raid.
Under a plea deal, Gross was sentenced to 100 hours of community service, and agreed to never work in law enforcement again. He was also ordered to pay $5,500 restitution.
A deal with the Troy Police Benevolent Association which was signed by Mayor Lou Rosamilia lowers the years of service required for lifetime health benefits from 20 years to 10 years. Although the agreement was signed on June 13, 2014, it was not put on the city council agenda until the Times-Union filed Freedom of Information request.
“It's similar to a golden parachute disgraced CEOs get. I would not support special treatment for police officers who have done despicable actions,” Democratic Councilman Robert Doherty explained. “No one ever told me and I'm head of public safety.”
Police union president Sgt. Thomas Hoffman argued that the city council did not have to approve the agreement because it had already been signed by the mayor, making Gross eligible for health coverage.
Hoffman insisted that the city council was given a copy of the agreement and “maybe they misplaced it.”
The city council is expected to discuss the contract during a Dec. 17 meeting.
Mr Clarke said yes and over the next few months the full scale of the study he had signed up for became clear: it was not merely a survey of people's driving habits, but an attempt to create a blueprint for a new way to pay for roads - a future in which all of the roads in Australia would, in effect, become toll roads. And the study was not being driven by Ipsos, but by Transurban, Australia's toll-road giant. In that future, every time each of us gets in the car we will pay a toll - be it to drive to work, to the local shops or down the coast for a holiday. An Ipsos representative visited Mr Clarke's house to reveal more about the nature of the study. Mr Clarke was one of 1200 motorists in Melbourne who had been recruited, and whose every move behind the wheel was being tracked in a bid to find the best model for a switch to user-pays roads.
The matchbox-sized device plugged beneath Mr Clarke's steering wheel was a GPS-enabled geolocator, recording his journeys so Transurban could tally up a monthly road user charge. The geolocator fitted to Roger Clarke's car tracks all the journeys he makes. Credit:Wayne Taylor The charge would be entirely fictional, for the purpose of exploring the best payment model for a system of user-pays roads. Mr Clarke also had a virtual bank account - or "piggy bank", as Transurban cutely coins it - with regular statements he could view online and three options for how they would like to pay to drive. Pay $1 a trip, pay 10c a kilometre, or pay a flat rate each month.
Mr Clarke chose the third option, and was given a notional monthly balance of $92, which bought him the right to drive 926 kilometres. If he exceeded the cap, the charge would double from 10c a kilometre to 20c. A virtual monthly account balance from a participant in Transurban's road usage study. He says he is uncertain, several months into the study, if he would be personally better off, or worse off, if he paid to drive like this. "I've got a statement I can look at any time I want online just to see how I am going and it's really amazing how the kilometres stack up and the costs stack up," he said. Transurban is bullish about the need for Australia to break away from its long-standing roads funding arrangements, which are based on collecting taxes from fuel excise, vehicle registration and licence fees.
The company says the current funding model "is reaching breaking point" and must change, or Australia will run out of money to build new roads and keep existing ones in good condition. Unless there is change, Australia's cities will become less liveable, the toll road operator argues, in a series of discussion papers published on its website. The road user charge will perform two crucial functions, Transurban argues: it will relieve congestion, by making people put more thought into their driving patterns, and it will ensure there is enough money in the national kitty to pay for new and better roads. To bolster its argument, Transurban points to figures that show the amount of money government and private companies such as itself spend on roads increasingly outstrips the revenue raised from petrol excise and other taxes.
Ten years ago the figures were roughly equal, at about $16 billion a year, but the shortfall has grown ever since, stretching to $6.6 billion in 2012-13. It is a disparity that will only widen further as newer, more fuel-economic vehicles and electric vehicles replace older ones. The company has an influential ally in its quest to nudge Australia to a new way of paying to build and maintain roads. Infrastructure Australia published a major audit of the condition of the nation's transport networks last year and reached the same conclusion, that Australia is increasingly unable to pay for the infrastructure it needs. "This deficit will, on a business-as-usual basis, continue to worsen as a growing population and economy increases demand for infrastructure networks," the federal advisory authority found.
It also found the way roads are paid for is "unfair, unsustainable and inefficient", because taxpayers pick up most of the bill, rather than the heaviest road users. The Turnbull government, which has just entered caretaker mode, is more circumspect about the need to shift to a user-pays system. Paul Fletcher, the Minister for Major Projects, said revenue raised from taxes is roughly on par with government expenditure, though a discrepancy may occur in coming years. "This is not an issue in the next five years or so, but over the longer term a gap may arise," Mr Fletcher said. Any move towards a new way of paying for roads that put the onus more heavily on individual motorists would be pursued with extreme caution, he said.
by
Photo by DonkeyHotey | CC BY 2.0
Lori Kearns is the health policy advisor to Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vermont).
She's been making the rounds in recent weeks telling single payer supporters that Senator Sanders will not introduce his single payer bill into the Senate next year.
Why not?
Because party unity is more important than single payer.
Sanders apparently believes that single payer will get in the way of electing a Democratic Senate in 2018.
Wouldn't want to confront Democratic Senate candidates with the deaths of their constituents due to Obamacare, would you?
One reason why Sanders soared during the primary was his constant refrain that we need to cover every American with a single payer health care system.
This resonated with the American people, with polls showing that three-fifths of Americans — including a majority of those who want the Obamacare repealed, and even 41 percent of Republicans — favoring a “federally funded healthcare program providing insurance for all Americans.”
Translate — single payer.
Everybody in. Nobody out.
If Sanders believes it, where is the bill?
Why won't Sanders re-introduce it in the upcoming session?
Because he is now in the Democratic leadership in the Senate — handpicked by Wall Street favorite incoming Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer (D-New York.)
And if the Democrats say no, Sanders says no.
Call it death by Democrat.
And death by Obamacare.
Narrow networks.
High deductibles and co-pays.
Skyrocketing premiums.
Twenty nine million Americans still uninsured.
And more than 28,000 preventable deaths a year due to lack of health insurance.
All under Obamacare.
And Sanders won't introduce his single payer bill because the Democrats tell him not to?
During the battle over Obamacare on the Hill in 2009, I asked Sanders why he was supporting Obamacare when he stood for single payer.
Sanders was a student of the difference — Obamacare controlled by the health insurance companies and written by their lobbyists — single payer a public system that cuts the health insurance companies out of the game.
Sanders looked at me, snarled, told me not to lecture him and walked away.
Goodbye single payer. Hello Chuck Schumer.
A hacker organization known as Anonymous released a series of e-mails on Monday provided by a former Bank of America employee who claims they show how a division of the bank sought to hide information on foreclosures.
The bank unit, Balboa Insurance, was acquired by Bank of America when it bought the mortgage lender Countrywide Financial in 2008. Balboa deals in so-called force-placed insurance coverage on mortgages. The e-mail messages concern the removal of information linking loans to other documentation.
A Bank of America spokesman told Reuters on Sunday that the documents had been stolen by a former Balboa employee, and were not tied to foreclosures. “We are confident that his extravagant assertions are untrue,” the spokesman said.
The e-mails dating from November 2010 concern correspondence among Balboa employees in which they discuss taking steps to alter the record about certain documents “that went out in error.” The documents were related to loans by GMAC, a Bank of America client, according to the e-mails.
“The following GMAC DTN's need to have the images removed from Tracksource/Rembrandt,” an operations team manager at Balboa wrote. DTN refers to document tracking number, and Tracksource/Rembrandt is an insurance tracking system.
The response he receives: “I have spoken to my developer and she stated that we cannot remove the DTNs from Rembrandt, but she can remove the loan numbers, so the documents will not show as matched to those loans.”
According to the e-mails, approval was given to remove the loan numbers from the documents.
A member of Anonymous told DealBook on Monday that the purpose of his Web site was to bring attention to the wrongdoing of banks. “The way the system is, it's made to cheat the average person,” he said.
He had set up a Web site to post bank data that WikiLeaks has said it would release, and was subsequently contacted this month by the former Balboa employee. It has been speculated that the documents, which have yet to be released, would focus on Bank of America. The spokesman for Anonymous said he had no direct ties to WikiLeaks, which is run by Julian Assange.
Balboa describes itself as providing “mortgage and auto lender-placed insurance tracking services.” Lender-paced insurance is another term for force-placed coverage.
Mortgage lenders require that homes be insured. In the event that mortgage holders let insurance lapse, lenders may take out their own insurance on the property, which protects the lender's interest but is paid for by the mortgage holder.
Bank of America agreed last month to sell Balboa to QBE of Australia, which is set to pay $700 million up front and take on $1.2 billion in liabilities. A representative of QBE was not immediately available for comment.
Ryan Reynolds brought a certain wounded goofiness to his performance in Green Lantern. He was vaguely snarky as Deadpool in Wolverine. But you've never really seen him go all the way over-the-top with the superhero thing — unless you've rented the otherwise forgettable indie movie Paper Man.
Here, Reynolds is actually trying to be kind of campy and ridiculous, playing the imaginary superhero friend of a grown man. Sort of like the teddy bear in Ted, only imaginary and a superhero. In the clip above, Reynolds "does the voice," reciting his own intro in a suitably bombastic, echo-drenched tone. It's probably just as well he didn't try to do the Green Lantern oath in that voice.
Paper Man hit theaters in 2010, and now all the most ridiculous scenes involving Reynolds' character are online. The other reason to check out this movie might be the presence of a pre-Zombieland Emma Stone as the movie's main supporting character, but her storyline is pretty awful, to be honest.
Advertisement
Here's what we wrote about Reynolds' superhero turn in our review, a couple years ago:
But what about the Ryan Reynolds superhero thing, I hear you asking? Sure. It's the most interesting part of the film, although it's not actually good. Reynolds plays Captain Excellent, who's been Richard Dunn's imaginary friend since Richard was a little kid. He never quite let go of his imaginary friend, who gives him advice that he ignores, and motivates him to be awesome by reciting a cheesy cartoon intro about how Captain Excellent will save the day. Because Captain Excellent is intentionally campy, and Reynolds does have fun being the silliest version of a superhero he can possibly manage. There are a handful of scenes in which Reynolds gets to induldge his flair for physical comedy, and the movie sputters to life. He gets to be snarky occasionally. But the campiness gets a bit much after a while, and any awesomeness Reynolds might possess gets lost because he's saddled with Daniels' loser character. Still, it might be worth renting this film if you see it in the dollar rental shelf, just so you can fast forward to the two or three great bits Reynolds has where he's being Hobbes to Richard's Calvin. And the film pulls a weird twist with Captain Excellent towards the end, which I won't spoil here but which pushes the "imaginary friend" thing a bit closer to the realm of real fantasy or science fiction. And the moment where we find out the truth about Captain Excellent is also the only moment in the film where Reynolds gets to do some real acting, and he is amazing.
Valve's Chief Economist tries to explain the Valve Model:
A corporation that tries to function as a type of ‘spontaneous order' (i.e. without an internal system of command/hierarchy) seems like a contradiction in terms. Smith's and Hayek's spontaneous orders turn on price signals. As Coase et al explained in the previous section, the whole point about a corporation is that its internal organisation cannot turn on price signals (for if it could, it would not exist as a corporation but would, instead, contract out all the goods and services internally produced). So, if Valve's own spontaneous order does not turn on price signals, what does it turn on?
The answer is: on time and team allocations. Each employee chooses (a) her partners (or team with which she wants to work) and (b) how much time she wants to devote to various competing projects. In making this decision, each Valve employee takes into account not only the attractiveness of projects and teams competing for their time but, also, the decisions of others. The reason is that, especially when insufficiently informed about projects and teams (e.g. when an employee has recently joined Valve), an employee can gather much useful information about projects and teams simple by observing how popular different projects and teams are (a) with others in general, (b) with others whose interests/talents are closer to their own.
Just like in a marketplace, everything in Valve is in flux. People move about (making use of their desk's wheels), new teams are formed, new projects are concocted. All this information is observable by the naked eye (one notices an empty spot where David's desk used to be, and then finds out that David moved to the 4th floor to work with Tom, Dick and Harriet), on the company's intranet, in cross-team meetings where teams inform each other on what they are working on). People learn constantly, both by observing and by doing, the value to them of different projects and teams. These subjective values keep changing, as the time and team formation signals that are emitted by everyone else are updated.
The idea here is that, through this ever-evolving process, people's capacities, talents and ideas are given the best chance possible to develop and produce synergies that promote the Common Good. It is as if an invisible hand guides Valve's individual members to decisions that both unleash each person's potential and serve the company's collective interest (which does not necessarily coincide with profit maximisation).
GENEVA, Switzerland — Among the many acts of persecution to which the Baha'is in Iran are being subjected, one of the most heartless is the wanton desecration of their cemeteries. Most recently, attackers have destroyed portions of the Baha'i cemetery in Sanandaj, Iran, which has in recent years been threatened by local authorities who have sought to raze the site and repossess its land. The attack follows recent efforts by local officials to reclaim the site, which had been officially allocated to Baha'is some 20 years ago.
Reports from Iran say the morgue, where bodies are washed, along with the prayer room, a water tank, and the walls of the cemetery were destroyed sometime in the morning on 12 December 2013.
"We don't have all the details about this attack yet, but it appears to have been the result of a government effort to confiscate the cemetery land and destroy its buildings and graves," said Diane Ala'i, the representative of the Baha'i International Community to the United Nations in Geneva.
"Baha'is hold the legal deed to the land, and have even won support from many of their Muslim neighbors for their efforts to beautify the property and its surroundings. At one point, they planted more than 250 trees there.
"But elements of the government have more recently sought to reclaim the property, even seeking a court order to raze the buildings and graves. The Baha'is of Sanandaj fought back in the courts but their protests have now apparently failed to protect their rights," she said.
Ms. Ala'i said there was little doubt the incident was stirred by religious hatred.
"Since 2005, there have been at least 42 similar such attacks on Baha'i cemeteries around the country, and the long battle in Sanandaj over this property has been tinged with anti-Baha'i overtones.
"Iran's new president, Hassan Rouhani, has promised to uphold civil rights for all Iranian citizens - and so we hope that he will now call for an immediate and official investigation into this, and to take action to restore the rights of the Sanandaj Baha'i community," said Ms. Ala'i.
Sanandaj is a medium-sized city of roughly 300,000 people in western Iran. The Baha'i community there has faced a number of attacks in recent years. In December 2011, government agents raided 12 Baha'i homes in Sanandaj, confiscating Baha'i books, computers, mobile telephones, and even children's diaries.
In 2007, the cemetery was vandalized and hate graffiti with messages like "Death to the Baha'is" and "Baha'is are unclean" was written on its walls.
Yet it is also true that Baha'is had also won considerable support from many in the community for their efforts to beautify the cemetery.
At one point, the Office of Natural Resources suggested that the Baha'is considered planting trees on public land adjacent to the cemetery, thereby expanding the green zone. As a result, the largely Sunni Muslim residents of Sanandaj came to respect the place as a symbol of the Baha'i community's peaceful presence in their city.
Only after this process of beautification did local authorities begin to reassert their claim to the land.
Guest essay by Eric Worrall
According to Indian External Affairs minister Sushma Swaraj, the only way to save future generations in poor countries is to give them lots of money and free stuff.
Developed world must help less fortunate ones on climate change: Sushma Swaraj
UNITED NATIONS: External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj today said the challenge posed by climate change requires more “serious action than talk” and asked the leaders of the developed world to help the less fortunate ones through technology transfer and Green Climate Financing.
Arguing that countries like China and India are benefiting the most from the Paris Accord, President Donald Trump had said that the agreement on climate change was unfair to the US, as it badly hit its businesses and jobs.
Addressing the UN General Assembly (UNGA), Swaraj said that it was not just mere coincidence that the world has witnessed hurricanes, earthquakes, rains that inundate storms which terrify.
“Nature sent its warning to the world even before the world's leadership gathered in New York at the United Nations through Harvey,” she said, adding that once the gathering of world leaders at the UNGA began, an earthquake struck Mexico and a hurricane landed in Dominica.
“We must understand, this requires more serious action than talk. The developed world must listen more carefully than others, because it has more capacities than others.
“It must help the less fortunate through technology transfer and Green Climate Financing – that is the only way to save future generations,” Swaraj said.
…
The inventor of the web says data must be owned by its subject, rather than corporations, advertisers, and analysts
The data we create about ourselves should be owned by each of us, not by the large companies that harvest it, the Tim Berners-Lee, the inventor of the world wide web, said today.
Berners-Lee told the IPExpo Europe in London's Excel Centre that the potential of big data will be wasted as its current owners use it to serve ever more “queasy” targeted advertising.
By gaining access to their own data, people could use it with information about themselves from other sources in order to create “rich data” – a far more valuable commodity than mere “big data”, he said.
Berners-Lee said that “people only look at one angle” of big data. “When you read big data pieces in a magazine, it's about how big companies are spying on you. A lot of the marvel of big data is a threat to me.
“What are these people going to do with that data? They're going to target you with an ad which makes you feel a bit queasy. Targeted adverts are not the future.”
Instead, users should own their own data and be free to merge it with other sets as and when it could provide them useful insight, he said.
“That data that [firms] have about you isn't valuable to them as it is to you,” he said. “I have almost a year as worth of data from [Facebook-owned location-tracking app] Moves. I can see how my exercise has gone up and down.
“In general … if you put together all that data, from my wearable, my house, from other companies like the credit card company and the banks, from all the social networks, I can give my computer a good view of my life, and I can use that. That information is more valuable to me than it is to the cloud.”
Berners-Lee, who wrote the first memo detailing the idea of the world wide web 25 years ago this year, while working for physics lab Cern in Switzerland, told the conference that the value of “merging” data was under-appreciated in many areas.
Speaking to public data providers, he said: “I'm not interested in your data; I'm interested in merging your data with other data. Your data will never be as exciting as what I can merge it with.
The idea of a web focused around letting users easily find, share and combine information is promoted by Berners-Lee as the “semantic web”, and has been a focus of W3C, the body he founded to oversee the development of the web, since 2001.
“Lots of people said: ‘Open data, this is about government transparency; we can track who is committing expense fraud.' Well, yes, a world where I have to reveal how I spend public money is better, but more importantly,, that data can be used elsewhere to run a better economy.”
Addressing the privacy implications of such a world, Berners-Lee argued that the burden of tracking should be moved from the typical web user to the individuals and organisations with access to our data.
“We turn tracking around: … make tracking something that we do to the people who use our data.” That way, he argued, we would not have to completely lock down sensitive information such as our health data, so that if we're in a car accident, the right person can still access important information – but only by notifying us that they have done so.
He added that such a reversal of norms could do great things for medical research, citing an example of a theoretical, wide-ranging study into the long-term effects of a popular medicine.
“If you give [people] the ability to see how [data is] used and you ban its misuse then people are much happier to open up to their data being used. Finding drugs, we need to be able to look at a massive amount of data.”
• Is the internet God? Alexander Bard's Syntheism paves the way for a new elite
In the first six months of Operation Barbarossa, the brutal Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union, German tanks overran hundreds of miles of Soviet...
In the first six months of Operation Barbarossa, the brutal Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union, German tanks overran hundreds of miles of Soviet territory and reached the outskirts of Moscow before winter weather and reinforcements from Siberia brought a halt to their advance.
In a period when the Red Army seemed on the verge of collapse, a lumbering 48-ton heavy tank that could absorb German tank shells like so many spitballs was one factor that bought it badly needed time.
The Red Army was an early practitioner of mechanized warfare, with thousands of light T-26 and BT tanks in its operational units when Germany invaded. It also also developed huge T-28 and T-35 multi-turret heavy tanks to punch through enemy defenses. However, these hulking “land battleships” proved ill conceived — they had great difficulty negotiating rough terrain, and their large hulls were surprisingly poorly armored.
Therefore, in the late 1930s, designer Josef Kotin rushed into production the simpler, more densely armored Kliment Voroshilov, named after the Soviet defense minister.
The early-model KV-1s boasted an extraordinary 70 to 90 millimeters of armor, rendering them impenetrable to the standard 37- or 45-millimeter anti-tank guns of the day. By contrast, early war German Panzers ranged in armor from 10 to 35 millimeters and weighed less than half that.
For armament, the KV-1 had a single short-barrel 76-millimeter L11 gun in the turret, as well as 7.62-millimeter machine guns in the hull and turret. There was even a third machine gun in the rear of the turret to fend off ambushing infantry.
The KV-1 debuted promisingly against the Finnish during the 1939–40 Winter War, with only one lost in action. The Soviets busily iterated, and the 1940-model KV-1s added higher-velocity 76-millimeter F32 guns that could bust Panzers with ease, and caked on even more armor.
The KVs were organized into small 16- to 22-vehicle battalions which served alongside T-34 mediums tanks in mixed brigades. The T-34 was cheaper and faster, had similar armament, and was also quite tough — but still not as tough as the KV-1.
The Soviets also produced over 300 KV-2 tanks, which had a huge boxy turret mounting a massive 152-millimeter howitzer for swatting concrete bunkers. Though its shells could annihilate anything they hit, the 57-ton KV-2 was so unstable it couldn't fire when on uneven terrain or while moving, and it did not reenter production after nearly all were lost in 1941.
KV-2. Photo via Wikimedia
Roadblock at Raseiniai
The Soviet Union only disposed of 337 KV-1s and 132 KV-2s in the Western military district when the Nazis invaded. German intelligence somehow failed to identify the threat they posed.
However, the Wehrmacht should have had an inkling of its heavy tank problem from its experiences in the Battle of France, when Panzers faced heavily-armored Matilda II and Char B1 tanks that their guns could not penetrate.
Unfortunately, the Allied heavies lacked the combined arms and logistical support to capitalize on initial battlefield success.
German commanders had also countered with heavy anti-aircraft guns or howitzers in direct-fire mode to penetrate heavy armor. This was not ideal for an army on the attack, however, as the artillery had to be towed into position by soft-skinned vehicles and required minutes of setup time. Deploying them in front of advancing enemy tanks bristling with firepower was a risky business.
The shortcomings of this approach became evident in the Battle of Raseiniai, in the opening days of Operation Barbarossa. On June 23, German tankers in Czech-built 35(t) tanks were startled when KVs of the Second Tank Division rolled straight through their regiment, unperturbed by ricocheting 37-millimeter shells, to rampage amongst the infantry behind them.
The 35(t)s had to wheel around and chase after the Russian heavies, eventually immobilizing some with hits to the tracks and driving off the rest. report this ad
Panzer 35(t) in Russia, 1941. German Federal Archives photo
However, one of the KVs penetrated far behind German lines before running out of fuel directly in the supply lines of the Sixth Panzer Division on June 24.
When a fuel-and-ammunition convoy attempted to pass the seemingly abandoned tank, it opened fire and set 12 of the trucks ablaze. A battery of 50-millimeter anti-tank guns began smacking the tank with high-velocity shells, but the Russian behemoth wiped it out it with cannon fire.
Then the Germans tried setting up a more powerful 88-millimeter flak gun 700 meters away to destroy the Russian tank, but it too was knocked out before it could land a shell on target.
That night, German pioneers tried sneaking up to the tank and blow it up with satchel charges. But as the sappers made a dash for the tank, its machine guns blazed into action, foiling the attack.
Perturbed that a single Russian tank had delayed an entire Panzer division for 24 hours, Gen. Erhard Raus coordinated a tank-infantry-artillery assault the following morning. The crew was stunned by repeated hits, including several penetrating shots from flak guns.
German Schutzen finally climbed on top of the tank's hull only for the turret to begin rotating. They hastily chucked grenades through some of the shell holes, bringing an end to the crew's heroic stand.
A shot-up, tracked KV-1 in November 1941. Photo via Wikimedia
Shock at Kamenevo
Despite the intimidating armor and firepower of the T-34 and KV tanks, the Wehrmacht seemed to roll on to victory after victory. After encircling and destroying more than 600,000 Soviet troops in Kiev in September, the Germans finally committed to a drive on Moscow.
The tip of the armored spear piercing northeast toward the Soviet capital was led by the Fourth Panzer Division's Kampfgruppe Eberbach. This combined arms force included a motorcycle-infantry battalion, five companies of Panzer III and IV tanks, and nine towed 88- and 105-millimeter guns.
On the morning of Oct. 6, 1941, the Kampfgruppe overran infantry and T-26 light tanks defending the town of Kamenevo, close to Mtsensk, 170 miles southwest of Moscow. However, as the Panzers rolled up the road leading to Tula, they were started to behold a vast armada of T-34 and KV tanks charging towards their left flank across an open plain. The night before, Col. Mikhail Katukov had hidden his Fourth Tank Brigade in an ambush position. The Soviet armor now pounced in a concentrated rush.
Heavy guns deployed on an overlooking ridge began picking off Soviet tanks, but there were too few to stem the tide. The armored horde overran the ridge, crushing several of the guns under their treads, and plunged into a wild melee with the undergunned Panzers. The only bright side for the Germans was at that short range, they had a slightly better chance of penetrating the thick Russian armor from the side.
Amidst the chaos of milling Russian tanks, Eberbach was eventually able to fall back, losing around a dozen tanks destroyed or damaged while knocking out eight of the Russian heavies — at least by their own count.
The first winter snow arrived the following day. The Wehrmacht would secure the Mtsensk region three weeks later, but Katukov's counterattack had fatally upset the pace of their advance, which fell just short of Moscow before the Russian winter froze it for good.
That victory came at great cost. The Red Army had lost 900 KV-1s and 2,300 T-34s by December 1941.
KV-1, 1942. Photo via Wikimedia
Unreliable steel beast
Through 1943 the Soviets built more than 4,000 KV-1s, with successive model initially bolting on more and more armor to the overloaded vehicle. This trend peaked with model 1942 KV-1c, which boasted a ZiS-5 76-millimeter gun, a maximum of 130 millimeters of armor — and a road speed of just 17 miles per hour. These assumed a major role in the Soviet offensives of 1942.
There was also a run of around 70 KV-8s sporting flamethrowers in place of their main guns.
However, while the KVs were nearly invulnerable to early-war German tanks, they suffered from terrible visibility and defective transmissions. Frequent mechanical breakdowns and slow speed meant they struggled to keep up with the T-34s alongside which they served.
Finally recognizing these crushing defects, Soviet factories followed up with the lighter KV-1S, which selectively trimmed armor down to 75 millimeters, while fixing the transmission and vision slits. The more reliable vehicle could keep pace at 28 miles per hour.
But by that time, new German tanks with improved armor and long-barreled 75- or 88-millimeter guns could penetrate the KV's formerly near-impervious armor. While the KVs were still tough, that no longer made up for their high expense and by then merely average firepower.
Thus, the KV-1 was fated to fade from prominence, unlike its stablemate the T-34. Only a few battalions of KVs served in the Battle of Kursk, the titanic armored clash of the summer of 1943. These proved completely outclassed in confrontations with new German Tiger and Panther tanks.
KV-85. Photo via Wikimedia
To counter that threat, Soviet factories churned out 148 KV-85s, a stopgap model upgraded with an 85-millimeter gun.
However, tank designers were already working on installing the gun on the T-34 tank, while the more heavily armed and armored Joseph Stalin series of tanks took over the KV's role. Still, small numbers of surviving KV-1s would serve through the remainder of the war, including in the siege of Leningrad, the recapture of Crimea and the invasion of Japanese-held Manchuria in August 1945.
Despite their superior armor, the KV tanks simply sacrificed too much mobility, reliability and cost-efficiency to equal the success of the T-34. However, that doesn't change the fact that the formidable tanks and their crews served as a vital bulwark in the desperate early months of the Nazi invasion.
This article originally appeared at The National Interest.
Webb 'a no' on Obama tax plan
Sen. Jim Webb (D-Va.) said Thursday he's opposed to President Barack Obama's plan to extend the Bush-era tax cuts to household income under $250,000 for one year, joining Sen. Joe Lieberman (I-Conn.) as two members of the 53-member Senate Democratic Caucus who plan to vote against the plan.
"That's a no," Webb told Reuters when asked if he'd vote for the plan.
Webb has called for taxes to be increased on dividends and capital gains instead, and his spokesman, Will Jenkins, told POLITICO: "Sen. Webb has consistently stated that he opposes raising taxes on ordinary earned income."
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and the White House now cannot risk any more defections if they want to show they have majority support in the Senate.
But things, of course, could very well change. The legislation has not been publicly unveiled yet, and it's unclear if the vote will be held to break a filibuster or on the plan's merits. Lieberman said he could potentially vote to break a filibuster, which would require 60 votes.
Manu Raju is senior congressional reporter for Politico.
Kittens need to dress up on Halloween too! We've scoured the web and found 30 of the very best cat costumes to help you dress up your feline this fall. Get some inspiration from fellow cat lovers with these creative and silly costumes they've made for their four-legged friends.
1. Sushi Cat
This cat sits atop a bed of sticky rice all wrapped in seaweed.
2. French Feline
Complete with a beret and a scarf, this feline even meows with a French accent.
3. Little Red Riding Cat
It looks like this kitty accidentally put on the costume; she was supposed to be grandma!
4. Batcat
The Dark Knight Kitten is ready to stop some criminals on the streets of Gotham this Halloween.
5. Batcat & Joker Kitten
The Cat Caped Crusader faces off against the maniac criminal mastermind Joker Kitten in Gotham.
6. Pocathontas
“Just around the river bend,” this kitty is dressed up just like Pocathontas.
7. King of the Backyard
With a huge fluffy furry mane, this kitty is taking over the backyard before becoming King of the Jungle.
8. Snow White Cat
This fairest cat of them all is on the lookout to avoid any apples.
9. Supercat
This Kitty of Steel flies to the rescue to save the Metropolis from the evil Lex Luther.
10. Nyan Cat
Complete with a pop tart and colorful rainbow tail, this kitty hopes to become as popular as Nyan Cat this halloween.
11. Marty McCat
This feline is ready to go Back to the Future in Doc's DeLorean this Halloween.
12. Bahia Cat
Dressed in her color fruit-hat costume, this kitty could make an appearance in Banana-da-Terra.
13. Black Bat Cat
Taking to the skies on Halloween night, black bat cat is to scare.
14. Elvis Catsly
This Halloween, get all shook up with this kitty dressed as the King himself.
15. Pikachu Cat
Looking just like Pikachu, this furry kitty also has lightning-fast moves and shocking electric effects.
16. Raggedy Cat Ann
With her red yarn hair and blue polka-dotted dress, Raggedy Cat Ann is just missing her brother, Andy.
17. Rasta Cat
The Rastafarian Cat has the look complete with a rastacap and dreads.
18. Tyrannosaurus Cat
The most ferocious of the dinosaurs, Tyrannosaurus Cat, is back from extinction.
19. Chief Canine & Pilgrim Feline
This Halloween is truly a day to be thankful for. Chief Canine and Pilgrim Feline have united in peace.
20. Mario Kitten
The plumber from the hit video game Mario Bros. is just missing his cat brother Luigi Kitty.
21. Business Cat
This cat is ready for the next board meeting . . . as long as it involves cat nip.
22. Cat-ain America
As the leader of the Avengers, Cat-ain America defends America against villainous felines.
23. Scuba Diver Cat
Most cats hate the water, but deep diving scuba catsuits up to go deep underwater.
24. Cat in the Hat
“Meow, meow! Have no fear. Have no fear!” said the cat. “My tricks are not bad,” said the cat in the hat.
25. Nick Furry
Don't mess with this cat. He knows the Avengers.
26. Cool Cat
That's one cool cat right there. He'll fit right in with Snoop Dog.
27. Mus-cat-eer
Touché, Pussy Cat!
28. Cat Witch
I'm not sure if this cat knows magic, but those eyes will surely put anyone under a spell.
29. Cat-ain Jack Sparrow
This grumpy feline is ready to sail the seven seas. Aye aye, Captain!
30. Princess Leia Cat-gana
Princess of Alderaan, Leia Cat-gana, is joined in Star Wars' Luke Catwalker and Cat Solo.
What was your favorite kitty cat costume? Let us know what you think of these awesome cat costumes in the comments below! Have a great picture of your cat in a costume? Send us a picture. 🙂
Rather than bore you with a number and CBA terminology-laden article that would put you to sleep faster than a Golden State playoff game, allow me to present a little Q&A. Here are a few general questions I keep getting, so hopefully these answers are somewhat helpful.
Q: Can the Thunder sign Blake Griffin/Gordon Hayward/Insert Name of Superstar Player this summer?
A: First question, huh?
Not really. As of this writing, the Thunder have $110M in salary cap commitments next season. That doesn't count an additional $2.8M in potential guarantees to Jerami Grant and Semaj Christon. The salary cap is expected to arrive at around $101M. The maximum salary for a superstar with 7-9 years of experience will be right around $30 million. Such a player would have to be willing to take a substantial (and unheard-of) pay cut to sign with Oklahoma City.
Q: I thought OKC was under the cap?
A: Oklahoma City indeed fell under the salary cap after some event of some sort happened on July 4 last year. However, the Thunder used most of its cap space to renegotiate and extend Russell Westbrook's contract. Oklahoma City used the remainder of that space to sign Alex Abrines and trade for Joffrey Lauvergne. It also, for reasons I still don't fully comprehend, used some of that room to sign Ronnie Price to a two-year, $5M contract.
Oklahoma City is technically under the cap by about $3M right now, but not really because it still has roughly $5M remaining of the Ersan Ilyasova trade exception. That tool counts against the Thunder's cap for determining if it is over or under the cap. Come July 1, it'll be over the cap.
Q: So if the Thunder is under the cap now, how will it be over the cap this summer?
A: Lucrative extensions for Steven Adams and Victor Oladipo kick in on July 1. Oladipo's salary jumps from $6.5M to $21M. Adams' salary also increases from $3.1M to $22.4M. Add in Westbrook's $28.5M salary and Enes Kanter's $17.88M, plus assorted other salaries, and it racks up quickly.
Q: So what would it take to create enough space to go sign a star player?
A: Put it this way: even if the Thunder could jettison every player except Westbrook, Oladipo, and Adams, it STILL wouldn't create enough room for a maximum salary superstar free agent.
Let's say by some miracle that actually happened. Roster spots 5 through 15 would be made up mostly of minimum salary players. That'd make for an awfully lean supporting cast.
Doable? Sure. Realistic? Probably not.
Q: So the Thunder are screwed and can't get better!
A: That's a statement, not a question.
But seriously, I get the concern. Making a big splash in free agency gets everybody giddy, and sometimes for good reason. When your favorite basketball team finishes 47-35, you may see free agency as the only way to improve.
As has been mentioned a lot lately, the Thunder were the NBA's third-youngest team last season, and the youngest team in the playoffs. That's a better situation than, say, the Memphis Grizzlies, the league's third OLDEST team coming off a 42-40 season. It's also better than the Pacers, an aging team without a ton of upside and a star player it might not be able to hang onto.
In short, the Thunder can improve simply by allowing the likes of Oladipo, Adams, Sabonis, Abrines, and Grant to follow the (hopefully upward) growth curve.
Q: Is there any way the Thunder can sign a free agent? Any free agent?
A: There are tools available like the Mid-Level Exception, but it's possible that OKC doesn't tap into them. Tax ramifications could be one concern. Triggering a hard salary cap and limiting flexibility could be another. Most likely, the Thunder roster will improve via internal development, re-signing its own players, and via trade.
Q: Speaking of trades, do the Thunder have enough to trade for Jimmy Butler without giving up Westbrook?
A: I doubt Gar Forman and John Paxson are answering calls from the 405 area code right now.
Q: What about Paul George?
A: It seems doubtful. Other teams may have better things to offer. Also, if George and his agent are indeed trying to steer him to the Lakers, any attempt to trade for him may be pointless anyway.
Q: Will Russell Westbrook stay in Oklahoma City?
A: I've learned my lesson about reading tea leaves and imparting my own basketball sensibilities on players. But let's just say that if you're looking for positive indicators, there are plenty to find.
BONUS QUESTION
Q: Kendrick Perkins said that he wouldn't be surprised if one day KD…
A: I'd be surprised.
Why Harry Reid decided to move foward with DADT vote
By Greg Sargent
Earlier this afternoon, just before Harry Reid went onto the Senate floor and gave a speech calling for a vote on repeal of don't ask don't tell -- which has now failed -- he turned to a Senate aide and shrugged his shoulders.
"I have to go to the floor, but I'm not going to like giving this speech," he said, according to the aide.
Reid then went to the floor and called for an immediate vote on the defense authorization bill containing repeal, in the full knowledge that it was likely to go down. As Reid knew, he had not agreed to Susan Collins's demand for four days of debate time, giving several Republicans who support repeal an excuse to vote No, dooming the bill to fall short of 60 votes needed for passage, 57-40.
I have now spoken to a senior Senate aide and put together what happened and why Reid did this.
Reid concluded that even if Collins was sincere in her promise to vote for repeal if given the four days of debate, there was no way to prevent the proceedings from taking longer, the aide says. Reid decided that the cloture vote, the 30 hours of required post-cloture debate, and procedural tricks mounted by conservative Senators who adamantly oppose repeal would have dragged the process on far longer.
"It would have been much more than four days," the aide says. "Her suggestions were flat out unworkable given how the Senate really operates. You can talk about four days until the cows come home. That has very little meaning for Coburn and DeMint and others who have become very skilled at grinding this place to a halt."
After spending several hours thinking it over today and consulting with other members of the Dem caucus, Reid decided to push forward with the vote today, the aide says.
The aide rejected the claim that Reid should have extended the session another week in order to accomodate GOP procedural demands, as Joe Lieberman and others had asked, arguing that extended debate would actually have dragged the session into January, what with other things on the Senate to-do list.
"Why do we need to extend the session?" the aide asked. "Republicans have blocked this bill since February. We've made offer after offer to try to reach agreement on this. Going through those procedural motions along with the START treaty and tax cuts would have taken us until January 5th."
Some critics will point out that Reid decided he could pass on granting Republicans the extended floor debate they wanted and then shift the blame for killing repeal onto GOP obstructionism. After all, Collins did appear to want to vote for repeal, and her demands weren't all that unreasonable by historical standards. But the counterargument is that it would have been folly for Reid to trust other GOP moderates to vote Yes. After all, they (and Collins) had signed a letter vowing to block everything if the tax cut standoff wasn't resolved first.
Indeed, moderate GOPers like Scott Brown and Lisa Murkowsk, who had said they supported repeal, voted No. Also, Reid couldn't be certain conservative Senators wouldn't use the proceedings to foul up the Senate, with time running out on other major priorities.
Is this the end of the road? It's possible that repeal could be brought up again as a stand-alone bill, the aide tells me. But this is unlikely, the aide adds, because such a move would be ripe for all sorts of procedural shenanigans.
And there you have it.
UPDATE, 5:08 p.m.: Harry Reid will co-sponsor a free-standing DADT repeal bill to be introduced during the lame duck session by Joe Lieberman and Susan Collins, an aide confirms.
A second aide says the hope is that Scott Brown, Richard Lugar and Lisa Murkowski will then support it, as it would in theory be voted on after the tax issue is resolved.
Newswise — ANN ARBOR, Mich. – Staying active, never smoking and controlling diabetes and cholesterol can prevent hardening of the arteries, but effective treatment of atherosclerosis could come down to harnessing an enzyme already built in to the blood vessels. Atherosclerosis is the usual cause of heart attacks, strokes and peripheral vascular disease – conditions that all together are called cardiovascular disease, the No. 1 killer in America.
In a new study published online ahead of print in the August issue of The Journal of Clinical Investigation, scientists at the University of Michigan Health System used mice to show that a human membrane-bound enzyme called CD39, which can clear the dangerous buildup of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) from the bloodstream, significantly reduces atherosclerosis in mice.
The enzyme is known for its ability to control blood clots and reduce inflammation, but the study led by Yogen Kanthi, M.D., and David Pinsky, M.D., is the first to reveal a major role of CD39 in reducing atherosclerosis.
“Better lifestyles and improved treatments have slowed the rates of death from atherosclerosis, but if CD39 proves to be as critical a factor in humans as in mice, it would be a major step forward in understanding heart disease,” says senior study author David Pinsky, M.D., cardiologist and director of the University of Michigan Frankel Cardiovascular Center.Atherosclerosis is a progressive process that puts blood flow at risk. It begins with damage – caused by high cholesterol, high blood pressure or smoking -- to the thin layer of cells lining the blood vessels.
The damage can lead to an accumulation of cholesterol, cells and debris called plaque that not only puts the heart at risk, but also raises the risk of stroke, peripheral artery disease and other health problems.
The benefit of CD39, according to the lab study, is in its ability to control plaque formation.
“We found that when we reduced CD39 expression, the size of atherosclerotic plaque doubled,” says lead study author Yogen Kanthi, M.D., cardiologist and vascular medicine specialist at the U-M Frankel Cardiovascular Center.
The team of investigators from the U-M and Emory University made the discovery that CD39, which lines blood vessels, is regulated by blood flow patterns in mice and in human cells. More research is needed before any potential treatments might become available.
“Plaque predictably occurs in branch points in arteries, where blood flow is turbulent and not smooth,” Kanthi says. “These same areas of turbulent blood flow are ones with the least amount of CD39 lining the artery. The study reveals a key role of CD39 in preventing atherosclerosis and opens new avenues for targeted treatment possibilities in coronary and peripheral artery diseases.”
###
Funding: Support for study researchers came from the National Institutes of Health (HL127151,NS087147,T32HL007853, K08HL119623, K08HL123621); American Heart Association, A. Alfred Taubman Medical Research Institute, and the J. Griswold Ruth MD & Margery Hopkins Ruth Professorship.
Disclosure: Dr. Pinsky is an inventor on a patent related to CD39.
SEE ORIGINAL STUDY
Image caption The idea has grown out of a project to build a printed gun
The company that developed 3D printed gun parts has announced plans to launch a new firm, dedicated to copyright-free blueprints for a range of 3D printable objects.
Defcad, as the firm will be known, has already been dubbed the Pirate Bay of 3D printing.
The site will become a "search engine for 3D printing," according to its founders.
But its flouting of copyright is likely to face legal challenges.
Wiki weapon
The firm is the brainchild of Cody Wilson, law student and self-styled crypto-anarchist.
Last year he set up Defense Distributed, a project aiming to print gun parts.
The project provoked controversy with 3D printing firm MakerBot pulling gun part blueprints from its website in the wake of the Sandy Hook shootings and 3D printer manufacturer Stratasys refusing permission for its machines to be used by the company.
It is also facing legal challenges to shut the site down.
Despite the set-backs, it released a video this month demonstrating an AR-15 with a 3D printed part firing more than 600 rounds.
Meanwhile its blueprints at non-profit Defcad.org have seen 400,000 downloads since the site was launched, according to founder Cody Wilson.
Announcing the new for-profit Defcad.com at the South by South West conference in Texas, Mr Wilson said it was an obvious next step for the wiki weapon project.
"Help us turn Defcad into the world's first unblockable, open-source search engine for 3D printable parts," says Mr Wilson in the video posted on the website looking for funding.
In the video, Mr Wilson said the revolution which many predict 3D printing will bring about will only happen if it can be freed from corporate ties.
The blueprints available on the site will be for "important stuff", he said. "Not trinkets, not garden gnomes but the things institutions and industries have an interest in keeping from us; access, medical devices, drugs, goods, guns."
"Supplying consumers with blueprints to print products designed by third parties is a business model fraught with risk," said Lorna Caddy of law firm Taylor Wessing.
"Many of those products will be protected by intellectual property rights, such as design law. Owners of those rights could assert them in the courts to prevent their designs being further distributed and to seek financial compensation," she added.
Opinion writer
President Trump and his surrogates — most especially the Fox News lineup (which includes a fleet of conservative pundits who disgrace themselves by facilitating a political distraction game for Trump), obsequious Republicans in Congress, old allies such as Roger Stone (who wound up getting banned by Twitter) and the talk radio crowd — have been frantically fanning Hillary Clinton non-scandals about Uranium One (it was baseless before and baseless now) and the dossier's funder. (Fusion GPS initially was hired by the conservative Free Beacon, which at one time claimed not to know the identity of the Republican outfit that first hired Fusion.) The unhinged rants from Trump's defenders demanding Clinton be locked up for one or both of these reveal how tightly Trump and the right-wing ecosystem that supports him rely on Clinton as an all-purpose distraction.
Upon a moment's reflection, the non-scandals make no sense (Clinton was colluding with Russia to beat herself in the election?), have been debunked before and in no way affect the liability, if any, of current or ex-Trump administration figures. This is “whataboutism” run amok. It does expose the degree to which Fox News has given up the pretense of a real news organization, preferring the role of state propagandist. (And it's not just the evening hosts; the non-scandals now monopolize the rest of the schedule.)
The intensity of Trump's frenzy underscores the peril in which the president now finds himself. Beyond the indictments unsealed this morning, Trump does not know what special counsel Robert S. Mueller III has uncovered; which witnesses are flippable; what financial documents have revealed about the Trump business empire; and whether, for example, Mueller finds support for an obstruction of justice charge from Trump's own public dissembling (e.g., hinting at non-existent tapes of former FBI director James B. Comey). For someone who insists on holding all the cards and intimidating others, Trump finds himself in a uniquely powerless position.
Then-FBI Director Robert Mueller is sworn in to testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee in 2008. (Molly Riley/Reuters)
As I have argued, Republicans should be saying publicly that efforts to fire Mueller and/or pardon indicted figures will commence impeachment proceedings. Those moves would set off a constitutional crisis in which the president is using his powers to protect himself from the Justice Department. Even former senator Rick Santorum concedes that it would be “very perilous” for Trump to fire Mueller.
Right now that is a theoretical question, but given how rattled Trump seems to be we shouldn't rule out the possibility. It is incumbent on media interviewers to ask Republicans if that is their position and if not to justify giving a green light to what would be an unprecedented scheme to protect himself from investigation. Appearing on ABC's “This Week,” the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Adam Schiff (D-Calif.), argued:
Now, I don't think the president's power is all that absolute, as people have been suggesting. The president cannot pardon people if it's an effort to obstruct justice, if it's an effort to prevent Bob Mueller and others from learning about the president's own conduct. So, there are limitations. If it were truly unlimited, it would have the effect of nullifying vast portions of the constitution. The president could tell Justice Department officials and other law enforcement to violate the law and that if they did, and it was ever brought up, they were brought up on charges, he would pardon them. And one principle of constitutional interpretation is you don't interpret one power as nullifying all of the others. So, I don't think it's unlimited. And I think it would be highly problematic for the president if it's part of an effort to obstruct justice.
It should surprise no one that congressional Republicans, who have demonstrated their spinelessness again and again, are silent. They've got themselves fixated on tax reform, which they irrationally conclude will be imperiled if they try to head off Trump from doing something catastrophic with regard to Mueller or pardons. (Trump needs tax reform as much as they do so he's not going to block it, for goodness sake, if they speak up to prevent a constitutional crisis.) We will see what else Mueller has in store for us, but if Trump is this hysterical now, one wonders what he'll be like if a stream of indictments relating to the campaign and/or obstruction of justice begins.
Read more about this topic:
Indictments signal the beginning of Mueller's work, not the end
Republicans are pathetically silent. Democrats should be more blunt.
A guilty plea from a former Trump campaign aide
Trump is counting on Republicans to attack Mueller. They shouldn't.
Manafort just got indicted. Here's what Mueller likely wants to ask him now.
Now begins the crisis stage of the Trump presidency
The Fox News-cum-Murdoch effect: Mueller must resign! Or be fired!
John Faulkner says Labor must eliminate 'stench of corruption' to restore faith in the party; urges greater engagement on social media
Updated
Labor elder John Faulkner has urged the party to embrace social media as part of reform plans, declaring that: "Labor's model of delegated democracy was cutting edge - in 1891".
Senator Faulkner told an audience at the Revesby Workers Club that those within his party opposing reform were determinedly steering the organisation onto the rocks.
"I say to those who resist the opening up of our structures to more participation and more democracy because they see their control over managed and pre-negotiated outcomes slipping away: stop clinging to the wheel," Senator Faulkner said.
"You are steering us straight for the rocks. [The] stench of corruption which has come to characterise the New South Wales Labor party must be eliminated - failing to act is not an option."
[The] stench of corruption which has come to characterise the New South Wales Labor party must be eliminated. John Faulkner
Giving the inaugural address of the Light on the Hill Society, Senator Faulkner once again outlined his case for reducing union power within the ALP and promoting more direct engagement with members.
He advocated using technology as a tool for engagement and not just campaigning, since social media was now woven into everyday life.
"Even I am on Facebook," he said.
"Labor's model of delegated democracy was cutting edge - in 1891."
He added the general contempt for politics in Australia came from a loss of trust in the political process, and a view that politicians were in a "values-free competition for office and the spoils it can deliver".
"Without that trust, politics is a contest of personalities, not ideas; a contest with no more relevance than an episode of Masterchef," he said.
He said recent revelations of corruption, especially coming out of the New South Wales Independent Commission Against Corruption inquiries into both Labor and the Liberals, had further undermined the view of politics.
The Light on the Hill Society is a club within the Revesby Workers Club dedicated to advancing the ideals of the Australian labour movement.
ABC/AAP
Topics: alp, political-parties, government-and-politics, unions, australia, nsw, revesby-2212, sydney-2000
First posted
India's contradictions couldn't be made any starker than they were on Monday. On the same day it managed a perfect launch of several advanced satellites, a new UNDP poverty index embarrassed the country by stating that India has more poor people than a score of the poorest African nations combined.
Eight Indian states—Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Orissa, Rajasthan, UP and West Bengal—have 421 million poor as measured by the Multidimensional Poverty Index (MPI), compared with a total of 410 million in the 26 poorest African nations, according to a new measure devised by the Oxford Poverty and Human Development Initiative for UNDP.
Yet this sobering fact hasn't stopped the celebrations around the sixteenth successful mission of the polar satellite launch vehicle (PSLV),which put into orbit five payloads, including the latest remote sensing satellite, CARTOSAT-28 (the previous satellite launch mission failed).
Noting such contradictions, Britain reportedly may scale down its 250 million-pound foreign aid to India. British International Development Secretary Andrew Mitchell, who is quoted as having said that ‘…public money spent annually on nuclear-armed India could be scaled down' drove home the point by stating that Britain's rich non-resident Indian community ‘could do more to help their countrymen.'
Jo Johnson, a British Conservative MP, was more biting in a piece in The Financial Times. ‘India,' he said, ‘can now fund its own development needs, considerable though they are in a country with 450 million poor. It has a defence budget of US$31.5 billion, plans for a prestige-boosting moon shot and a substantial foreign aid programme of its own.'
Meanwhile, Indian Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee is expected to tell a dozen top Indian industrialists to curb their ‘ostentatious lifestyle 'because it doesn't sit well with a poor country like India. ‘People in India think the corporate sector is not doing enough for society,' Tarun Das, former chief mentor of the powerful business lobby group the Confederation of Indian Industry, told one newspaper.
The Delhi Police has arrested two ground staff of Indira Gandhi International (IGI) Airport for stealing valuables from the baggage of passengers. The two men, who were employed by the Air India-SATS, which provides ground services at the airport, were nabbed with the help of CCTV footage.
How national-level athlete with over 50 medals was caught stealing VIP baggage at Delhi's IGI
The accused Amit Kumar and Rohit Kumar were deployed as loaders at the airport. The duo used to stole jewellery and other valuables while loading, unloading luggage from airplane's cargo unit.
HERE'S HOW THEY WERE CAUGHT:
Earlier this month, a passenger, travelling on an international flight from Dubai to New Delhi complained of theft after landing at the IGI. The woman passenger said that her jewellery had gone missing from her bag which was checked-in. After registering her complaint, the police launched an investigation. Cops were clueless after scanning the CCTV images of the airport. They then examined the video footage recorded by the CCTV camera installed in the luggage belly of the aircraft. The video showed the two accused checking the luggage of passengers while unloading it. Unaware that their act was being recorded in the CCTV, one of the accused is seen cutting a bag using a cutter and stealing the jewellery. During interrogation, the two men told the cops that it was not for the first time that they had stolen stuff from passengers' luggage. The police is now on the lookout for the man who used to buy the stolen items from the two accused.
Also Read:
After 27 years, customs dept seizes gold worth Rs 27 lakh at Delhi airport
Airport security check robs flier of mobile phone
Former Toronto Argonauts Most Outstanding Defensive Player Marcus Ball is returning to Toronto after agreeing to a new deal with the Double Blue, the team announced today.
Ball, a 6-0, 209-pound international linebacker, previously spent two seasons (2012-13) with the Double Blue, registering 144 defensive tackles, five special teams tackles, seven quarterback sacks, and four interceptions, two of which were returned for touchdowns, before making the move to the NFL.
Over the last three seasons, the former Memphis Tiger has spent time with the New Orleans Saints, Carolina Panthers and the San Francisco 49ers. In 18 NFL games, he notched 20 tackles (15 solo, 5 assisted).
Ball will officially make his return this afternoon when the Argonauts take the field for the first practice of their 2017 training camp at York University's Alumni Stadium.
The Argos also announced Sunday that the team has released international linebacker Quayshawn Nealy.
The Palestinian terror group Hamas was called “serious, hard-working and not corrupt” by UK Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn during a radio interview in which he also urged a suspension of the EU's trade agreement with Israel.
Mr. Corbyn added that Hamas should not have to recognise the Jewish State of Israel before peace talks can begin, according to the newly-resurfaced 2010 exchange recorded in London.
The revelation comes just 24-hours after the man seeking to become the UK's next prime minister stirred condemnation and disbelief from members of his own party after it was revealed he attended a graveside wreath-laying ceremony honoring a Palestinian terrorist involved in the 1972 Munich Olympics massacre.
A transcript of the recording, as published by the MailOnline, reveals Mr. Corbyn's praise for Hamas. He said:
“It is not a question of whether one agrees or disagrees with Hamas on its political strategies or indeed its social strategies.
“You have to recognise that the reality is they have a great deal of support, they have a great deal of respect from a lot of Palestinians who wouldn't necessarily politically agree with them but recognise they are serious, hard-working and they are not corrupt.
“But they want to be part of a process.”
Mr. Corbyn also criticised the Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu for not entering peace talks with them despite the goodwill he ascribed. He said:
“When I asked about recognition of Israel, I wasn't expecting them to say we are prepared to recognise Israel. I don't think they could possibly do that and retain credibility amongst their own members.
“They went as far as using words like accepting the reality of the situation of Israel's existence.
“This apparently is not enough for Benjamin Netanyahu or for the United States, and so we continue on this, in my view, fairly disastrous policy of trying to divide the various Palestinian forces.”
Finally, he called for Brussels to suspend EU trade agreements with Israel. He said:
“I have always made it my business to enjoy good relations with Fatah with Hamas and with the independent members of the Knesset (the Israeli parliament) and the independent members of the Palestine National Authority.
“What can we do? Firstly, pressurising British politicians concerning the European trade relations with Israel.
“European trade arrangements are very beneficial to Israel and Israel is able to develop its economy on the basis of its trade with Europe.
“There is a human rights clause in that EU Israel trade agreement which is violated by Israel, and I think it is time to suspend that agreement.”
Mr. Corbyn has previously described Hamas and Hezbollah – terror groups banned in Britain which run the Gaza Strip in Palestine – as “friends”.
For its part, Hamas revealed to Breitbart Jerusalem in 2016 it “welcomed” Mr. Corbyn's reported refusal to condemn the radical Islamist organization.
Taher A-Nunu, a spokesman and senior Hamas official, further said Hamas views Mr. Corbyn's willingness to engage with his Gaza-based group as a “painful hit that the Zionist enemy received.”
Nesquik UK box design
Nesquik, also known as Nestlé Nesquik and Nesquik Cereal, is a family of breakfast cereals made by Cereal Partners Worldwide in a joint venture between General Mills and Nestlé, and based on the popular Nesquik product line.
About [ edit ]
Nesquik Cereal was first introduced in the US in 1999.[1] The cereal consists of small, 1 centimetre spheres of chocolate cereal. Nesquik Cereal is most similar to General Mills' Cocoa Puffs; it is also their most direct competitor. Nesquik Cereal is made with whole-grains and is thus a whole-grain cereal.
Nesquik Cereal is sold in dozens of countries worldwide such as the UK, Canada, Mexico, France, and Hong Kong. It is sold throughout Europe, Africa, Asia, Oceania, the Middle East, South America, and parts of North America. It is currently available in 43 countries.[2] It is available in 30 grams, 375 grams, 590 grams, 700 grams package sizes. Most Nesquik Cereal is manufactured in France by Cereal Partners.
Variations [ edit ]
Duo [ edit ]
Duo can also be two flavors mixed together-angle
CioccoMilk [ edit ]
- chocolate drink for breakfast, not cereal-type by Nesquik.
Ingredients [ edit ]
Nesquick Cereal (Original Variety) Ingredients: Cereal Grains (whole grain wheat, maize semolina, rice flour), sugar, cocoa powder, dextrose, palm oil, salt, Fat-Reduced Cocoa Powder, trisodium phosphate, Flavouring: Vanillin, Vitamins and Minerals: vitamin C, niacin, pantothenic acid, vitamin B6, riboflavin (B2), thiamin (B1), folic acid (Folacin), vitamin B12, calcium carbonate and iron.
Nutrition [ edit ]
Nutritional information for Nesquik Cereal per 100-gram serving:
Energy: 379 kcal
379 kcal Protein: 7.3 grams
7.3 grams Carbohydrates: 79.1 grams
79.1 grams Sugar: 35 grams
35 grams Fat: 3.8 grams
3.8 grams Saturated fat: 1.6 grams
1.6 grams Fibre: 5.1 grams
5.1 grams Sodium: 0.2 grams[3]
USA discontinuation [ edit ]
Nesquik cereal was sold in the US since its inception. Though Nesquik ready-to-drink milks, mixes, and syrups sold very well, Nesquik cereal sales always lagged behind its competitor, Cocoa Puffs.[citation needed] Cocoa Puffs were a much more recognizable product, and many more people in America were familiar with it than Nesquik Cereal.[citation needed] Cereal Partners began to aggressively market Nesquik Cereal, and it sold much better. Though Cocoa Puffs remained the segment-leader, Nesquik Cereal became very popular, and sold quite well.[citation needed]
Abruptly, in 2012, Cereal Partners pulled Nesquik Cereal out of the US market for unknown reasons. Many[who?] have made their own assumptions, most assuming that the product was pulled out because of the lower-than-competitors sales. The brand has many loyal fans in the United States, and has even obtained a cult following.[citation needed] Thus, as can be expected, the decision by Cereal Partnered sparked anger by its US fans, and many have created petitions, and social network pages demanding the product be returned to the US market.[citation needed]
This situation has greatly benefited import stores, websites, and companies. These companies are able to sell Nesquik Cereal at a much higher price than its original price because the cereal cannot be easily obtained in the US and is no longer officially sold there.[citation needed]
It is uncertain if Nestlé shall bring this product back to the United States, though many have pressured it to do so.
Advertising [ edit ]
Cereal Partners typically advertises Nesquik Cereal more aggressively in large markets. However, wherever it is marketed it is usually on children's television channels. Nesquik Cereal advertisements are heavily marketed towards children, though there have been several marketed to adults. Almost all of Nesquik Cereal ads are displayed via TV, and not the Internet or print. The ads directed towards children often depict an animal in a high energy state, as if it is having a sugar rush. [4]
Cartoon Network partnership [ edit ]
In 2002, Nesquik Cereal signed a sponsorship deal with Cartoon Network which facilitated the creation of a Nesquik 'Tongue Twister' machine appearing with Quicky the Bunny in television advertising campaigns. Billy Musgrove is the sales representative for southern region of Peru, infamous for his sales tactics which involves spilling nesquik cereal throughout local buses.[5]
See also [ edit ]
Kanye West just wants people to be happy.
TMZ caught up with Yeezy as he was leaving LA Fitness in Los Angeles and asked 'Ye if his New Year's resolution is to "take over the world." Kanye replied meekly, "Nah. I just want everybody to be happy." You can watch the clip above courtesy of YouTube.
It appears that 'Ye is feeling good these days. Yesterday (Dec. 27), he shared a holiday family photo on Twitter, featuring him with his wife and their kids. In the picture, the Chicago rapper is holding baby Saint, while Kim is holding North. The family is standing on a black-and-white tiled floor in front of a giant Christmas tree.
The holiday photo comes after reports that Kanye and Kim are trying to make their relationship work, as they've recently begun couples therapy .
In other Yeezy-related news, the Life of Pablo MC just added a new color to his hair . When Kanye made his first public appearance following hospitalization, he was rocking a blonde hairdo while attending a Rick Owens furniture exhibition. Now, it seems he's added some pink tones to his hair.
It's probably for the best that Kanye cancelled the remainder of his St. Pablo Tour. The "Father Stretch My Hands" artist will get to spend quality time with his family and get his mind right. Meanwhile, he'll probably find some time to get in the studio, as he's reportedly in a great creative space at the moment.
BOSTON – The Boston Celtics announced today that they have exercised their third-year option on forward Kelly Olynyk, and their fourth-year options on forward Jared Sullinger and center/forward Tyler Zeller.
Olynyk appeared in seven games for the Celtics this preseason and averaged 8.6 points, 5.9 rebounds, 2.3 assists and 1.3 blocks in 25.2 minutes per game. He is averaging 8.7 points and 5.2 rebounds in 20.0 minutes per game through 70 career contests. Olynyk was originally selected by the Dallas Mavericks with the 13th overall pick in the 2013 NBA Draft before the Celtics acquired him in exchange for the draft rights to Lucas Nogueira and two future second round picks on June 27, 2013.
Sullinger appeared in eight preseason matchups for the team and averaged 14.9 points, including shooting 15-30 (.500) from beyond the arc, 10.9 rebounds, 2.8 assists and 1.4 steals in 21.9 minutes per game over that span. Sullinger was selected 21st overall by the Celtics in the 2012 NBA Draft and is averaging 10.5 points, 7.3 rebounds and 1.3 assists in 24.6 minutes per game over his 119 game career.
Zeller appeared in eight preseason games for the Celtics and averaged 7.9 points and 4.6 rebounds in 18.8 minutes per game off the bench. He is averaging 6.9 points, 4.9 rebounds, 0.9 assists and 0.7 blocks in 21.0 minutes per game on his career. Zeller was originally selected 17th overall by Dallas in the 2012 NBA Draft. Boston acquired him from Cleveland as part of a three-team trade on July 10, 2014.
We'll mostly remember Anthony Mason for toughness, the way that we remember the Riley-era Knicks teams on which he made his reputation. Which, fine. He got in fights, on- and off-court; he deployed his elbows and extra-large ass with abandon and occasional malice; he glowered and wheedled and provoked, the way NBA players did in the '90s. Anthony Mason was tough.
I must confess, though, that—both as a 10- or 11-year-old kid first becoming aware of Anthony Mason during the Knicks' rise to a kind of doomed rivalry with Michael Jordan's Bulls, and now as a grown man—I never had much use for the particular brand of toughness we're usually talking about when we talk about those Knicks. The sneering puffed-chest goon shit, the implied I'll cut you for scoring on me of it. It's dumb and silly and not a little pathetic, even when you set aside the basic silliness of sports—"They're playing with a ball!"—and make allowances for the very real differences between basketball as playground pastime and basketball as profession.
In any case, this way of remembering those Knicks teams, and Mason, who died this past Saturday from congestive heart failure, makes too much of what ultimately wasn't so huge a difference between them and any other NBA team from those ugly early- to mid-'90s years. They didn't (or didn't just) intimidate and foul and fight their way to wins; they passed and made baskets and played defense, like anybody else, just with shittier looks on their faces. In the 1993-94 season that turned out to be the high-water mark of the Riley years, they committed the fourth-most personal fouls in the NBA—but they also shot a lot of threes (relative to their era and glacial pace), passed the ball more creatively than many nominally more finesse-oriented teams, and played good actual defense, which is not the same thing as just flattening every ball-handler who comes near the paint. They, like the Bulls and Rockets and everybody else, won because they were good at playing what was, recognizably, basketball.
Anthony Mason embodied this gap between the Riley-era Knicks' reputation and reality better than anyone. His game had a staccato, skittering quality to it; his feet never seemed to get more than two inches off the floor, even when he jumped. And his free-throw shooting technique, for most of his career, was a hilarious wreck: an elaborate, halting, multi-stage affair, like a ritual meant to lull the rim to sleep.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
But however neatly that jerry-rigged and duct-taped mess might dovetail with the myth of Anthony Mason, Basketball Golem—for all that we're now remembering him as the avatar of a no-skill all-will notion of basketball as a headbutting contest between australopithecines—Mase was a wondrously and diversely skilled actual basketball player: a combo forward who could handle the ball, knock down jumpers, defend wings out on the perimeter, and bang with bigs around the hoop. Also, and most entertainingly, he was a sharp-eyed and creative distributor of the ball. He threw bounce passes with expert touch and impish imagination, a trait we're more comfortable associating with slick, Euro-inspired, analytics-optimized modern teams like the Spurs than with the prison-yard shiv-sport we like to remember those Knicks teams practicing. Knicks fans may hate this to their curdled, Bulls-hating marrow, but he had at least as much in common with Scottie Pippen as he did with anyone else in the league.
In the 1999-00 season, his third with the Charlotte Hornets and deep into the downslope of his career, 33-year-old Anthony Mason started, played 48 minutes, and guarded 23-year-old destroyer-of-worlds Vince Carter pretty much throughout a 110-101 overtime win over the Toronto Raptors. Which, I think we can all agree, is the work of a tough bastard.
He also ran point for the Hornets, initiated the offense, handled and distributed the ball, and finished with 31 points, 14 rebounds, and 11 assists. That, I think we can all agree, is not the work of a goon. He'd even cleaned up his free-throw form, by then. He hit all 15 of them.
If his zeal for putting an elbow in somebody's neck made Mason a fitting talisman—or at least co-talisman, along with Oakley—of those ferocious, outdated Knicks teams, in the bigger picture his game belongs more to the basketball that came after it than to the years that made him famous. It's more recognizable among 21st-century players like Lamar Odom, Draymond Green, Boris Diaw, and even LeBron James—all-court forwards whose diverse skills confound typical notions of positionality—than among the glowering, skill-free human elbow-towers Mase's herky-jerky dribbles and crafty passes confounded once upon a time. His basketball DNA can be found in all their games—and in all the imaginative ways people dream up to deploy these human skeleton keys—more vibrantly, meaningfully, and recognizably than it can be found in Kendrick Perkins's perma-scowl and goobery tough-guy bullshit.
Advertisement
So if it seems trite to say that Anthony Mason lives on, beyond his sad and untimely death, in the role he played in changing notions about basketball and positionality, it's true anyway. Even with all the rules changes that have mostly done away with the particular brand of basketball Riley's Knicks played and made tough-guy posturing and willingness to brawl as much a liability as an asset, Anthony Mason's basketball descendants are everywhere, and will never go out of style. The shame is that he won't get to watch them. Goodbye, Mase.
Photo via Getty
Story highlights Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant declares a state of emergency in four counties
At least a dozen people are injured; no deaths are reported
"Within seconds, everything changed," says a Hattiesburg, Mississippi resident
A tornado touched down in southern Mississippi on Sunday, injuring more than a dozen people and causing widespread damage.
So far, no one has been reported killed, which authorities hope will remain true.
"We're really blessed because we don't have a fatality that we know of right now, and no major injuries. But we have a number of major damages to our structures around town," said Johnny DuPree, mayor of Hattiesburg, where the tornado hit.
"If there is a good thing about this, it happened on a Sunday when most of these structures were vacant," he said.
Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant declared a state of emergency in four counties: Forrest, Lamar, Lawrence and Marion.
JUST WATCHED Tornado rips through Hattiesburg Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Tornado rips through Hattiesburg 01:39
JUST WATCHED College campus feels brunt of twister Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH College campus feels brunt of twister 00:50
JUST WATCHED Tornado hits heart of Hattiesburg Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Tornado hits heart of Hattiesburg 01:16
Hattiesburg, which straddles Forrest and Lamar counties, is home to the University of Southern Mississippi. It suffered damage to several buildings, but there were no reports of injuries there. University police declared a state of emergency and urged those not on campus to stay away until further notice.
Nearby Oak Grove High School also suffered damage. Randy Wright posted photographs to his Twitter account of the school, showing debris strewn on what looked to be a parking lot and a truck upside down in a baseball diamond.
The Hattiesburg Public School District canceled classes Monday. The university campus will also be closed.
"There are quite a few homes without power at this point. Quite a few trees on houses, on cars, that type of thing," said Forrest County Sheriff Billy McGee.
He said that from 10 to 15 people were taken to the hospital, but that none suffered serious injuries. Another three were reported injured in nearby Marion County.
It was not clear how those people were hurt.
Sarah Lawrence, a Hattiesburg resident, said that the storm sounded like "stuff being thrown."
"Within seconds, everything changed," she said. "I didn't feel like there was much notice. I heard the sirens and everything looked OK outside, so I started making preparations to go into the bathroom. And then, next thing I know, all the lights went out, and it got dark outside."
As the storm system moved east Sunday night, tornado warnings were issued -- then expired -- for parts of southeastern Mississippi and southwestern Alabama.
If you are receiving a "Communication Error" message at the end of the NX purchasing process, please use Karma Koin cards for the time being. These can be purchased at most stores that sell gift cards in North America, but can also be purchased from approved third party websites such as www.pcgamesupply.com or www.offgamers.com.
We are also aware that these failed transactions are resulting in funds being taken from your Bank/Credit Card/Paypal account. While the process is taking longer than usual while we investigate the root cause of the issue, these transactions will be refunded in full. We apologize for the inconvenience that this has caused you, and appreciate your continued patience.
We will update this article when the issue has been resolved.
If you have any questions regarding this issue, please submit a ticket by clicking on the "Submit Request" button at the bottom of the page.
IIT Madras is again in the news. And it is not for another innovation but for another controversy. But wait. Was it a controversy? For the people who attended the event, it was a fierce and passionate speech by a soldier who has given his youth protecting our borders for the security of our country.
It was about the security threats India is facing inside and at its borders from our neighbouring countries. But the story didn't roll out the way it should. Instead, the narrative went to the extreme direction in equating Maj Gen GD Bakshi's talk to “hate mongering” and Maj Gen Bakshi as one who 'glorified violence'. Was it really? Who are really behind it? Let's analyse.
Pre-lecture Analysis: It appears that the plan of calling him a 'war-monger' was already hatched even before his speech. A student Abhinav Surya, belonging to the notorious communist groups in IIT Madras, wrote in his Facebook post on 10th Aug 2016, a day before the talk (please refer the pic below) and we quote, “who is a war monger who keeps shouting, "Pakistan, you can come and take Kashmir if you want". We all know Major Gen Bakshi's anger for Pakistan and he has solid reasons for it. But the plan was already rolled out by our dear anti-social elements to defame him and make a national level controversy. Mind you, this is the same minute fraction of IIT Madras which made loud noises around the nation last year in the form of 'APSC Controversy' and disgraced our esteem institute.
One will realise that the speech was not remotely near to the propaganda which followed the speech. The speech was on "National Security and History of Indian Army". So it was bound to be a tough one. He was supposed to explain the situation and the plans which we don't come across in our daily lives. And the soldier did justice to his speech by touching the tough elements involved in the security of the country. He spoke about the psychological wars played by Chanakya which prevented the destruction of India in the hands of Alexander. He spoke about the weapons and war tactics and how they need modernisation and innovation. He spoke about Netaji Bose and his Indian National Army's role in the independence of India and how the political leaders of that time conveniently neglected his great contributions. He spoke about the 1971 war with Pakistan and how the bravery of Indian soldiers and Airforce got sh*t out of Pakistanis. He showered praise on then the prime minister of India India Gandhi for her leadership in this war. He spoke about how Pakistan has failed to take Kashmir thought war and now it is playing the strategy of 'War of 1000 cuts'. He spoke about nuclear weapons and the timidness shown by our leaders by announcing 'No first use'.
So we must say that the speech was heavily charged one. It was a journey through the galaxy which we have never read about or imagined. He did his best in explaining this tough stuff in the most subtle way possible. And what did he get in return? A title of "War-monger" and a one who "glorified violence". Well if the dissidents feel that it was too extreme, they shouldn't have come to the lecture because the lecture was not by someone like Dalai Lama. Violence is involved when there is a war. My dear friends are quite vocal about peace and everyone should be but one should realise that the peace comes at a cost. And sometimes that cost is the life of a soldier.
Problem is that very few of us understands international relations and politics but we want the become peace agents. We don't understand that Pakistan is trying its best to destabilise Jammu and Kashmir by playing proxy wars and the result of it is the causalities. And what could be the solution to it? In Maj Gen's words "In our generation, we split Pakistan into two. Your generation should split it into four. Only then we can live in peace!". It was said in a context that Pakistan is a rogue state and will not fall in line till it is shattered into pieces. It is his opinion and it is borne out after years of experience of serving in Jammu and Kashmir. He said, "Fighting against Pakistan will unite you", so it was ultimately for the unity of the country and its stability. He did say that India must give missiles to Vietnam in a context that such act would act as a deterrence for China and position India aggressively in the world. It was also said in the context that our political leader should become strong in their decisions when it comes to national security.
A student at IIT Madras now writing aggressively about Maj Gen GD Bakshi's talk, but very few know what he did during the talk? Here is the story… the microphone was given to this student to ask the question in a crisp and "democratic" manner. However, instead of asking questions, he started lambasting Bakshi, calling him a war and hate monger who wants to destroy the world. He then said that he was ashamed of the Extra Mural Lectures team for inviting such a person. The veteran, Maj Gen Bakshi just smiled. The guy accused him, returned the microphone and left the hall in anger. He was not patient enough to listen what Maj Gen Bakshi has to respond. He was not ready for dialogue! No space for discussion. Just accusations! The same person is now writing letter to the director and accusing Maj Gen Bakshi. Is it not hypocrisy from this student's part?
It will be worth noting that a Manipuri student, who had just joined the institute sixteen days back, told Bakshi that, away in Manipur, he was not aware of the extent of divisive forces at play here. He asked if there indeed are forces trying to divide India. Bakshi said, "Yes", and asked the boy to read the book Breaking India. Another important incident during that talk was worth noting. Few students started disrupting the talk by sloganeering, Maj Gen Bakshi calmly said, "This is India, Son, we can debate."
Post Lecture Analysis: The speech was well-received by most of the people sitting in the hall barring a few Kashmiris and a handful of communists which tried to insult the speaker after the lecture. Within hours, the letter written to the Director was leaked and was picked by a few media outlets with the headlines, "Major General Bakshi delivered the hate-mongering lecture, writes IIT-M student to the director" and "Trump at IIT Madras? GD Bakshi's jingoistic speech prompts open letter by student." Everyone forgets the last few words of the title writes 'a student' and 'open letter by student' and the personal opinion was projected as the majority's opinion. We will reiterate, the whole melodrama was orchestrated by just a handful of rogue elements which are highly indoctrinated and are notoriously infamous for such activities in the campus.
It is sad that the students who find it hard to voice out their opinion against a few radicals use their contacts and links to publish everything in the national media. But the whole case serves as a case study on what were the motives of such people? Well, after this controversy in IIT Madras, there is a great possibility that other educational institutes will not consider Maj Gen GD Bakshi for the talk. Anyone who will try to strike the topics of national security will be bogged down by the vocal left-liberal intelligentsia. There won't be any talk about Jammu and Kashmir, China, Pakistan, missiles and nuclear Weapons. Anyone who dares to touch these topics will be termed as an 'RSS Stooge' and will be discarded. And this will be the tragic result of the controversy which it never was.
Our only hope at this point of time is that our predictions will become false and people/students will become aware of the developments around. Peace and tranquility are the most desirable for any state but it is important to consider the concerns of a soldier who makes it happen.
Jai Hind!
Chirag Khalde is a project associate at the Department of Ocean Engineering in IIT Madras and Sumeet Roy is pursuing MS programme in Department of Business Management, IIT Madras. Views are personal.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT) today called on Comcast to make a long-term pledge that it won't charge content providers for faster access to its subscribers.
Comcast already agreed to follow network neutrality provisions until September 2018 as part of its 2011 purchase of NBCUniversal. While the agreement with the US government doesn't specifically prevent Comcast from signing paid prioritization deals, the company has said it has no plans to do so. Comcast has been touting its net neutrality commitments while making the case that it should be allowed to purchase Time Warner Cable, the second biggest cable company in the US after itself.
Leahy, chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, wrote a letter to Comcast Executive VP David Cohen today, saying he worries about "the risk of paid prioritization agreements through which websites could be charged for priority access over the Internet." Leahy wants "meaningful pledges from our Nation's broadband providers that they share the American public's commitment to an Internet that remains open and equally accessible to all."
"As a condition of the Comcast-NBC Universal merger, Comcast is bound to the net neutrality principles embodied in the FCC's Open Internet Order through the end of 2018," he wrote. "Those rules should be viewed as a minimum level of protection to promote competition online and Comcast's commitment to those principles should extend well beyond the imminent cut-off date of 2018. As the antitrust regulators continue to evaluate Comcast's proposed transaction with Time Warner Cable, and regardless of whether it is approved, I ask Comcast to pledge that it will not engage in paid prioritization. I also ask that Comcast pledge not to engage in any activity that prioritizes affiliated content or services over unaffiliated content or services, helping to ensure that vertical integration does not threaten competition online."
Comcast is reviewing the letter, a company spokesperson told Ars.
The Federal Communications Commission is considering whether to create net neutrality rules that ban paid prioritization. Leahy's letter to Comcast noted that he has "introduced legislation with Congresswoman Doris Matsui that would ban paid prioritization arrangements and has urged the FCC to enact meaningful net neutrality rules to preserve the Internet we know today."
Out of all major ISPs, Verizon may be the likeliest to offer paid fast lanes for Internet content providers. The company sued the FCC to overturn previous net neutrality rules issued in 2010, and Verizon said in court arguments that it would offer fast lanes if it's allowed to.
Comcast has been criticized for charging Netflix for a direct connection to the edge of its network, but that kind of arrangement isn't targeted by most net neutrality proposals. Generally, net neutrality rules focus only on whether traffic is prioritized after it enters the Internet service provider's network.
UPDATE: On Oct. 23, Leahy sent similar letters to AT&T, Verizon, Time Warner Cable, and Charter asking for commitments that they won't create paid Internet fast lanes.
Note: A version of this story was originally published in the Oct. 3 issue of Defense News.
WASHINGTON — Retaking Iraq's second-largest city, Mosul, is vital to the US strategy to deny the Islamic State a physical caliphate and kick the group out of Iraq. US officials say they are on track to begin the siege before the end of the year, though Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi will say when.
But US officials want to avoid the ethnic reprisals that followed the US-sponsored liberation of Fallujah, and they acknowledge a pure military effort will not be enough to guarantee the area's stability after the city is taken.
"This cannot be and is not just a military effort," said Deputy Secretary of State Antony Blinken, who laid out the plan in recent congressional testimony. "We're working along multiple tracks at the same time, in a coordinated fashion."
The liberation forces. Coordinated with Iraqi leadership, this will involve Iraqi security forces, the Kurdish Peshmerga and tribe members from Nineveh Province. (The US goal is 15,000 people.) As for last month, Iraqi forces were already at work to take control of the towns surrounding Mosul, and Kurdish forces were reportedly massing.
The fighting. US military commanders expect the Islamic State fighters in Mosul to cede some areas and fight harder in others, and that in defeat, the organization may return to its terrorist roots. Officials expect that as the physical caliphate comes apart, the group may either inspire or direct attacks outside Iraq and Syria.
Refugees. The United Nation projects as many as 1 million people may be forced to flee Mosul, so the US is working with the UN and Iraqi government provide food shelter and medicine to refugees. Money has been raised and resources are being prepositioned.
Who's in? Post-siege stabilization plans include a governance structure agreed to by Baghdad and Erbil, the Iraqi-Kurdish capital. It's centered on the provincial governor and council. The city's denizens will be represented by a mayor and eight sub-mayors.
Who's out? Because the Shia Popular Mobilization Forces were involved in reprisals after the retaking of Fallujah, US officials vow no southern or Shia PMF will go into Mosul. Defense Secretary Ash Carter said in recent congressional testimony that the hold force will be separate from the liberation force, and that talks between US and Iraqi officials on this are "a daily exercise."
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for our Early Bird Brief
UDPATE:
The attorney in the lawsuit, Keith Davidson, just contacted Radar and provided the following statement. “The alleged video that you purportedly reviewed has nothing to do with the above referenced lawsuit which was filed and subsequently dismissed more than five years ago,” he said, adding, “Though there was video evidence involved in the aforementioned case, that video evidence did not come close to portraying what you have described. Furthermore there was but one copy of that case related video evidence. That sole copy of the video evidence was irretrievably destroyed.”
—
The Charlie Sheen HIV scandal is set to explode with the bombshell revelation that he has been caught on video performing oral sex — ON ANOTHER MAN!
RadarOnline.com has viewed a series of outlandish clips as part of our investigation into the controversy engulfing Sheen.
They show the drugged-up former “Two and a Half Men” star smoking a crack cocaine pipe and performing fellatio on a male lover.
In a bombshell world exclusive, Radar can reveal that at least three videos were recorded of the thrice married father-of-five. The clips last about 30 seconds and depict Sheen smiling on cameras as he brazenly indulges in the illegal drug.
PHOTOS: See All Of Charlie Sheen's Porn Star Girlfriends
Once high, the Tinseltown train-wreck seduces his male companion before pleasuring the individual with a hardcore sex act.
A source told Radar the videos were recorded in Nevada in 2011.
It's a stunning development at the heart of a deepening scandal engulfing the Hollywood megastar who was once the highest paid actor on television.
The tape was at the center of an explosive “J. Roe v. John Doe” lawsuit that alleged an “A-List celebrity” spread herpes, Radar has learned.
For the first time, Radar can reveal kinky Sheen, 50, was the megastar identified only as someone of “substantial international fame” in explosive litigation that alleged he orchestrated a “nefarious plot” to lure a victim into sex despite having herpes.
PHOTOS: Drugs, Guns & Hookers — 23 Epic Sheen Scandals Before Charlie's HIV Diagnosis
According to a $20 million lawsuit, the plaintiff — who, like Sheen, was also not named — met the celebrity in Las Vegas on April 1, 2011.
The “sleaze suit” claimed Sheen “entered into a nefarious plot designed to lure Plaintiff into his luxurious hotel room to serve his prurient desires.”
Sensationally, it was alleged Sheen told the man he had “no venereal diseases.”
At that point, they watched porn and engaged in “mutual oral copulation, mutual self-gratification, rubbing and massaging each other, play-wrestling, licking and (unprotected) intercourse.”
Radar has learned Sheen later settled that case for millions of dollars, according to a source, after he learned he was caught on tape with the man!
PHOTOS: Sheen Shocker! Charlie's Porn Star Ex-Fiancée Spent ‘Nights Crying', Pictured With ‘Strangulation & Choking' Injuries
As part of the hush money pay off, Sheen secured the original videos and is understood to have ordered them destroyed.
But a bootleg copy exists and was showed to a Radar editor late last week.
“Charlie had his team buy it off the market and settle the lawsuit because he and his camp believed it could destroy his life if it ever got out,” said a source.
“He must be quaking in his boots that it could see the light of day.”
As Radar previously reported, Sheen — who confirmed his HIV status to Matt Lauer last Tuesday — spent more than $1.6 million on sex workers in 2013 alone.
The sex-crazed actor claimed he was diagnosed with the deadly illness in 2011, but as Radar revealed, the dire news did not slow his horndog ways.
PHOTOS: Charlie Sheen's Expertise Of Hiring Prostitutes, Hiding Porn, Drug Meltdowns & More In Jon Cryer's New Book
According to 2013 financial reports for his production company 9th Step — prepared nearly two years after he says he found out he was infected — he spent $1,629,507 on “friendly entertainment,” believed to be hookers, sex swap escorts and male gigolos.
“Charlie is secretly bisexual,” a source confided to Radar.
“He's had sex partners of all kind. He'd regularly spent thousands of dollars to sleep with transsexual hookers who he would hire and have them service him at his Mulholland Estate mansion.”
What's more, Radar has learned Sheen and ex-wife Brooke Mueller had multiple sex partners together in the short time that they were married.
“It's more twisted than anyone knows or has suspected. It's crazy.”
Tengelmann Group has officially confirmed its plans to open 12 stores this year, 150 by 2022
Tengelmann's discount grocery chain Plus stores will operate in a limited-range discount format, offering 2,200 items each of which 70 percent will be food.
Russian newspaper Vedomosti reports the low-price retailer will open stores across the Moscow, Tula and Nizhny Novgorod regions, as well as in the cities of Kaluga, Tver and Murom. The plan is to expand the chain to 150 locations in Russia within the next seven years.
Russian market attractive to Western companies looking to expand
Russia's budget grocers have seen a significant rise in profits. Main budget store, Magnit, saw first-quarter profits rise 36 percent year-on-year, while rival Lenta recorded a 37.7 percent jump in the same period.
Tengelmann first entered the Russian market in 2004 with its DIY-store OBI.
Tengelmann Group was founded in 1867, and belongs to the family of 82-year-old German businessman Erivan Houba, whose fortune is estimated at $3.1 billion in 2015, according to Forbes (577 place in the global ranking).
The turnover of the group which operates in 17 European countries amounted to 7.82 billion euros in 2013.
In addition to the OBI stores Tengelmann operates networks of KiK clothing stores, grocery supermarkets Kaiser's, as well as a number of online retailers such as plus.de. At the end of 2013 Tengelmann's had 4,151 store, 3,245 of them in Germany.
This content has custom-made animations that we rendered specifically for explanation of how CLCs work. GN's Andrew Coleman modeled and animated a closed-loop cooler for the piece, referencing NZXT's Kraken X52. Because of the level of detail and custom animations of this content, NZXT sponsored GN to put this piece together. The content applies to all liquid coolers, but particularly focuses on closed-loop products; all concepts herein can be applied to CLCs across the industry from various suppliers and manufacturers. Our technical deep-dive for today serves as a means to fully detail liquid cooling and how it works, drilling down to piano-wire granularity (literally).
When we made our “ how air coolers work ” video, a lot of viewers were interested in the inner workings of copper heatpipes and their various means of facilitating capillary action. Today, we're revisiting our TLDR series with a video on how closed-loop liquid coolers work. We'll be talking about permeation, air pockets, stators, impellers, coldplates, and chemical composition of the coolant.
The Basics: Suppliers of Liquid Cooling Products
Let's start with the very basics: We've torn apart a lot of liquid coolers, and they're mostly the same when it comes to implementation. A few cooling products relocate the pump, but the primary function remains identical: use liquid to transfer heat to a heat exchanger, where airflow dissipates the heat. Liquid can soak thermal variance and temperature spikes in a way which air coolers cannot; even though not all liquid coolers are designed the same, this core fact remains true.
There are only a few suppliers of liquid cooling products. Companies like Asetek, CoolIT, Dynatron, and Apaltek create a semi-customizable package of pump, tubes, heat exchanger, and coolant, which is then sold to manufacturers for use in consumer products. Examples of manufacturers would be NZXT, Corsair, EVGA, Thermaltake, DeepCool, and other names that you're all familiar with.
Asetek is the big name in suppliers for liquid cooling, particularly in the enthusiast market. Asetek is responsible for industry-famous coolers like the entire NZXT Kraken series, the Corsair H100iV2 and H115i (among others), the Thermaltake CLCs, previous Antec CLCs, EVGA's closed-loop line, and Fractal's new Celsius line of coolers. This one supplier makes up the majority of the market, though they are embattled with the likes of CoolIT, who make the other half of Corsair's product, and smaller suppliers like Dynatron (makers of Antec 1250 and other pump-on-fan products). Apaltek makes Enermax and LEPA coolers, alongside others, and is another competitor of Asetek's.
Here's a table from our previous content entitled “Who Really Makes Your Liquid Coolers?” where we discussed the supply side of the industry:
Table of CLC Suppliers & Existing Coolers
You can read more about this specific aspect of liquid coolers in our previous article.
Most enthusiast closed-loop liquid coolers are made by Asetek, who make NZXT, Corsair, EVGA, and Thermaltake CLCs, among others. CoolIT is known for Corsair and data center cooling. Cooler Master makes their own coolers, and you may be interested to know that Cooler Master OEMs most of the Intel and AMD stock air coolers (with Asetek laying claim to some of the stock CLCs).
CLC Deep Dive
To get a foundational understanding, we can look at the torn-down Kraken X42 that we previously disassembled on camera. Let's start at the CPU, then work our way around.
The basics remain the same as our air cooler animation: Heat from the CPU die is conducted through TIM or solder into the IHS, which then transfers through another layer of TIM to the coldplate.
That thermal interface helps deal with microscopic imperfections in the surface of the IHS and coldplate, but is otherwise of undesirable thermal conductivity and resistivity compared to the flanking copper interfaces.
These days, most CLC coldplates are circular and smooth, though there are older models that used a tree-like ringed coldplate. This is largely a manufacturing and production improvement in the die casting process to make coldplates, with most plates now being smooth instead of ringed. Some coldplate suppliers used to make the coldplate surface concave to better match the CPU IHS, with GPU cooling plates remaining flat. These days, with the most current generation of enthusiast-grade liquid coolers (like the Kraken X52 that we've modeled), those coldplates are now flat. Generally, the manufacturing complexity of the concave indent was not worth the effort, and going with a flatter, smoother surface seems to have overall equivalent or superior performance.
The copper itself is thin by design, with the side internal to the pump housing terminating in dense microfins. The density of the fins allows for greater surface area for heat spreading, with heat being whisked away by straight-flow or split-flow liquid. Surface area is critical, but so is flow impedance. Fin density and pitch impact flow-rate, which is directly controlled by pump speed, radiator design, and manufacturer spec. It's up to the manufacturers – that'd be folks like NZXT, Corsair, and others – and their suppliers to work together on a custom solution for the product.
Some coolers, but not all, will use a rubber gasket for split-flow circulation. This sits between the housing and the coldplate, and directs liquid down the center channel. Split flow minimizes dead zones on coldplates, though straight flow is an alternative that is also commonly used.
As for liquid movement, that's pushed around by an impeller. The coolers that we've dismantled lately all use an 8-pole impeller design, including the NZXT Kraken series, Corsair H100iv2 and H115iv2 coolers, and EVGA CLC products. This also means that your BIOS readings of pump RPM will be incorrect, since BIOS is expecting a 4-pole fan PWM but receiving 8. Some new motherboards have headers explicitly labeled as “AIO” or “pump” headers, in which case there may be some calculations to correct for this.
The maximum 12v pump RPM in most enthusiast-grade CLCs tends to be in the range of 2800-3000RPM, with the gen4.5 EVGA GPU cooler at 3600RPM. To help mitigate the noise impact from a high RPM, several cooling OEMs use a layer of foam padding between the pump internals and outer shell. Our torn-down X42 shows a big foam block used for this, aiding in vibration and noise reduction.
Above: A rubber gasket that goes on top of the coldplate.
Below: Foam block to help damp noise.
Anyway, liquid moves up one tube and into the water tank on the radiator, which has a partition wall down the middle. The tube mounts to the radiator on a barb, which generally are either 3-flange or single-flange designs. The single-flange designs are used most commonly in server and data center use cases, with Asetek's leveraging piano wire to pinch the tube like a clamp. This helps sustain higher pressure in failure events, though 3-flange barbs are still rated for several times the pressure of what would ever be experienced in an enthusiast desktop.
As the warm liquid feeds into the radiator, it travels down roughly half the channels and to the other side. This is the cooling process. Aluminum fins conduct the heat away from the channels, then radiator fans dissipate that heat from the fins. At the end of the channel, the liquid does a U-turn and travels back down to the return side, receiving one more pass of cooling. At this point, the liquid should be nearing its lowest temperature. That tends to be around 26-32C, depending on the chemical composition and the heat of the CPU cooled.
As for the liquid used, that's a mix of propylene glycol and distilled water. Some manufacturers will specify a higher percentage of glycol in the mix, which will help the cooler better withstand extreme temperatures – like -40C, for example. Most coolers are able to take around -20C, which is a good balance between not freezing during shipping and the improved cooling potential of a higher distilled water concentration.
Finally, tubes are generally made of either FEP or EPDM rubber. The more rigid tubes tend to be FEP, which has excellent reduction of permeation, but less flexibility during installs. Kinking an FEP tube will result in cracking the inner PTFE coating, which results in permeation and poor cooling ability. EPDM tubes have the opposite set of pros and cons: They won't really get damaged if bent and are more flexible, but it requires an expensive R&D process to get the compound to a point of resisting permeation. Ultimately, all tubes will exhibit the effects of age and will slowly lose fluid to natural processes. It's just a matter of how long they last. Most CLCs are rated for use in the 4-6 year range, though it's around years 4-5 that noise begins to get more noticeable. This is because enough of the fluid has permeated the tubes to allow for more air in the line, which gets sucked through the pump and causes gurgling. Users can mitigate this by mounting the tubes down in a vertical CLC install.
Finally, all these CLCs, regardless of manufacturer, have some sort of PCB in them. The PCB is responsible for hosting the pump firmware. Some companies will embed a custom PCB for things like RGB lighting or custom pump speed profiles, while others may use PCBs with user-serviceable firmware. Some of these boards have memory on-board that stores profiles, eliminating the need for a permanently connected data cable. NZXT uses a custom PCB for their Kraken series coolers, while most other manufacturers use a supplied PCB from Asetek or other suppliers. The EVGA and Corsair PCBs, for instance, are largely the same but with differing firmware.
That should get us started on how liquid coolers work. Many of these concepts also apply to open loops, though there are some critical differences there. We'll save that for another time.
Editorial, Research: Steve Burke
Video Production, Animation: Andrew Coleman
Johnny Depp today took two steps forward and a significant step and a half back in his $25 million legal battle with his former business managers over the Pirates Of The Caribbean star's finances.
While denying for now The Mandel Company's desire for declaratory relief that Depp “caused his own financial waste,” a Los Angeles Superior Court judge Monday ruled that business manager's claim of promissory fraud against the Oscar nominee in its countersuit can stand as the financially lurid case moves forward — though potentially much less salacious
After listening to arguments from lawyers on both sides in a demurrer from Depp's team at a hearing downtown this morning, Judge Teresa Beaudet stood by most of her tentative ruling on the matter, first filed by Depp on January 13 with allegations of “gross mismanagement and sometimes outright fraud” over the actor's long-term relationship with the company also known as The Management Group. With the matter moving forward after today's hearing, the case is still set to go before a jury on January 24 next year — unless a settlement deal is struck before then.
Beaudet on Monday also agreed that some of the most revealing and seeming excessive examples of Depp's use of his money are not really part of this case, after all. “The pages of allegations of Depp's allegedly outrageous spending clearly have no relevance to the 5% commission allegedly owed TMG from the Pirates Of The Caribbean payout, or to the final work done by TMG on transitioning their files to Depp's new representatives,” the judge said, striking that material. Of course, being that a giant spotlight has already been put on said spending, it is not like it will disappear from public memory. Additionally, such material could find a new home in future filings as these things tend to.
“TMG has not indicated how it can amend the declaratory relief cause of action,” Beaudet's tentative on the matter also noted on the mainly technical issue of the relief. “Unless it provides some appropriate basis for so doing at the hearing, the demurrer is sustained without leave to amend.”
Still, Beaudet will let the declaratory relief claim be restated by TMG's lawyers. “We can allege the mirror flip of that,” said TMG lawyer Suann Macisaac on Monday in arguing against the tentative, successfully seeking permission to amend the claim based on the fact Depp made a similar claim in his initial suit. The court altered the tentative to give TMG's attorneys 10 days to amend and Depp's side 30 days to respond.
“Today's ruling was a clear victory for The Management Group because the Court ruled in favor of our fraud claim,” said reps for TMG in a statement today. “We intend to file an amended cross complaint for declaratory relief. All of the issues regarding Depp's extravagant spending continue to be fully included in the case.”
“The Court also does not find that TMG's allegations in its promissory fraud cause of action are based on duties arising from any previous agreement between the parties, and do not lie in tort,” the judge added of the other main issue of contention at stake Monday. “Contrary to Cross-Defendants' contentions, TMG has not simply alleged that it was not paid for its services, thus constituting a breach of contract,” she noted in her tentative of earlier today. “Instead, TMG alleges additionally that all during the final two weeks of March while TMG was working to transition the files, in an effort to induce the completion of the work, Cross-Defendants perpetrated a fraud in misrepresenting repeatedly that they intended to pay when the transition was complete.”
TMG's claims of breach of contract were not part of the dismissal motion before the court today.
Based supposedly on discoveries into his finances by his new business managers, Depp's lawsuit of earlier this year alleged 11 complaints ranging from fraud to breach of contract to professional negligence. It claims TMG paid itself more than $28 million in contingency fees without a written agreement; failed to file or pay his taxes on time, resulting in more than $5.6 million in fees and penalties on his federal returns; and “loaning” nearly $10 million to third parties without Depp's authorization or proper documentation.
As someone who has now been to Puerto Rico on many occasions, I am often asked a question that goes something like this: How did the Chupacabras manage to make its way from Puerto Rico – an island – to the United States, and specifically to the heart of Texas? Well, the fact is that it didn't. Not at all. In the slightest.
Featured Image by EllisonPav at DeviantArt.
Despite what certain people in the media, eyewitnesses, and elements of the paranormal research community have said to the contrary, the only connection between the original beast of Puerto Rico and the skinny, hairless dog-beasts of Texas is the name they share. And that's it.
Certain people might argue with me on that point, but the fact of the matter is they would be (and they are) wrong. Indeed, I can say for sure that the Chupacabras did not swim, fly, stowaway in a ship, hide in the luggage-compartment of a plane, or tunnel its way under the sea-bed from Puerto Rico to the USA. Let's take a look at the evidence.
Between 2004 (which was the first time I went to Puerto Rico) and the summer of 2013 (my most recent expedition) I have had the good fortune to interview numerous people who have, variously (a) seen the Chupacabras; (b) investigated it antics, actions and attacks; and (c) spoken with eyewitnesses.
Exclusively (no, not near-exclusively, but 100 percent of the time), the people of Puerto Rico have described to me a creature with a body very much like that of a monkey, about the size of a chimpanzee, but without any hair. They also describe the creature as walking on two legs (its back legs, just in case anyone really needs telling, which I seriously hope they don't!), and having a row of sharp protrusions – not unlike spikes – sticking out of the top of its head, the back of its neck, and the upper part of its back.
Then there are the eyes: very often they are described as large and usually red. And, moving on, there are the wings. Yes, you did read that correct: wings. While I have to admit that most of the people I have spoken with do not report wings, I have a handful of reports that do reference wings. In some cases, they are described as bird-like (that's to say feathery), and in others as bat-like.
So, with that said about the monster of Puerto Rico, now onto my home state of Texas. Not only have I been able to check out the Puerto Rican reports extensively, but living in the heart of the Lone Star State, I have been able to do exactly likewise with the Texan version – many reports of which surface in and around the wooded and rural areas of San Antonio and Austin. I have also investigated reports into southern Oklahoma, thus demonstrating that the creatures are spreading.
Now, let us forget the rumors, the tall-tales, and the friend of a friend accounts. Instead, let us focus on the facts. There are many differences between the creature of the island and that of Texas. But one is very significant: a number of the Texan ones have been shot, run over and – as a result – autopsied. I even have the skull of one of them sitting on one of my CD racks (no word, however, on which band it prefers the most).
DNA testing has shown the animals, chiefly and conclusively, to be coyotes, but sometimes mixed with wolves and often Mexican wolves. Now, the skeptics would say these animals are just poor, unfortunate, sickly creatures with a very bad case of mange. But, is it really that simple? I suggest that no, it's not. I have seen and examined some of these bodies and I have seen some very interesting footage and photos – some of which is not yet in the public domain.
Mange is caused by a mite, one which goes for either the follicles of the hair or the skin. For the unfortunately affected animal, mange is a condition that results in hair-loss and intense irritation and itching. Such irritation very often reaches the point where the animal will scratch and scratch itself until it bleeds – sometimes profusely – and infection sets in. Death in the wild is quite common in such cases.
The problem with the mange theory, however, is that I have seen many such examples where the animals are completely free of hair, whereas in many cases of mange, the hair-loss is patchy. The pups are just the same. They, too, seem to be very happy having developed without hair (unlike me, who has to shave it all off every day!). And I have seen cases where there is zero evidence of scratching, cuts or infection. So, yes it's hair-loss. But maybe it's not mange.
Then there are the limbs. In some reports (but certainly not all) the front legs appear to be slightly (and sometimes significantly) shorter than is normal for coyotes, giving them a curious kangaroo-like movement when they run. The clearest example I came across of this occurred when I was in Tecumseh, Oklahoma in the summer of 2010.
Now we come to the most important fact of all about the Texas Chupacabras, which makes it very different to its bipedal, Puerto Rican pal: it runs on all-fours. Well, of course it does: it's a coyote! But, the issue of the limbs and the complete hairless nature of it still suggest something odd is going on – such as a genetic mutation, for some unfathomable reason.
So, even though – in my personal opinion – there is still a major mystery to be resolved about the animals of Texas, they are nothing to do with the Puerto Rican animal, whose name it shares. And that brings me to a deeply important point. It's also my final point: why, exactly, do they have the same names?
Very simple: Chupacabras is Spanish for Goat-Sucker. It gets its name from the fact that when sightings began on Puerto Rico in the 1990s, goats were the animals most regularly attacked and killed by the Chupacabras, along with other small animals, such as chickens.
The Texas Chupacabras also has a taste for small animals, and is rumored to enjoy the taste of blood – and lots of it. So, it was not so much the appearances of the two creatures that provoked the same name. Rather, it was the nature of the predations and attacks that led people to assume it was the same animal.
Do I care that the hairless coyote-things of Texas have become known as the Chupacabras? No, I couldn't care less if I tried. Plus, it's good for tourism. They have as much right to the moniker as do the unknown entities of Puerto Rico. Providing, of course, that people understand that one important issue: just because the creatures share the same name does not make them the same animal.
As many of you have probably heard by now, vSphere 6.5 was just announced at VMworld Barcelona this week and it is packed with a ton of new features and capabilities which you can read more about here. One area that is near and dear to me and has not been covered are some of the Nested ESXi enhancements that have been made in vSphere 6.5.
To be clear, VMware has NOT changed its support stance in vSphere 6.5. Both Nested ESXi and general Nested Virtualization is still NOT officially supported. Okay, so thats out of the way now, lets see what is new?
Paravirtual SCSI (PVSCSI) support
GuestOS Customization
Pre-vSphere 6.5 enablement on vSphere 6.0 Update 2
Virtual NVMe support
Lets take a closer look at each of these enhancements.
Paravirtual SCSI (PVSCSI) support
When vSphere 6.0 Update 2 was released, I had hinted that PVSCSI support might be a possibility in the near future. I am happy to announce that this is now possible with running Nested ESXi and having the guestOS as ESXi 6.5. In vSphere 6.5, a new GuestOS type has been introduced called vmkernel65 which is optimized for running ESXi 6.5 in a VM as shown in the screenshot below.
As you can see from the VM Virtual Hardware configuration screen below, both the PVSCSI and VMXNET3 adapter are now the recommended default when creating a Nested ESXi VM for running ESXi 6.5.
Similiar to the VMXNET3 driver, the PVSCSI driver is automatically bundled within the version of VMware Tools for Nested ESXi. That is to say, the drivers are included in the default ESXi image itself and is ONLY activated when ESXi detects that it is running inside of a VM. From a user standpoint, this means there are no additional configurations or installations that is required. You simply select ESXi 6.5 as the GuestOS and install ESXi as you normally would and this will automatically be enabled for you.
The only requirement to leverage this new capability is that BOTH the GuestOS type is ESXi 6.5 (vmkernel65) and the actual OS is running ESXi 6.5. The underlying physical ESXi host can either be ESXi 6.0 or ESXi 6.5. In addition to new virtual hardware defaults, I have also found that the new ESXi 6.5 GuestOS type now uses EFI firmware over the legacy BIOS compared to previous ESXi 6.x/5.x/4.x GuestOS types.
For customers who wish to push their storage IO a bit more for Nested ESXi guests, this is a great addition, especially with lower overhead when using a PVSCSI adapter.
GuestOS Customization
One of the very last capability that has been missing from Nested ESXi is the ability to perform a simple GuestOS customization when cloning or deploying a VM from template running Nested ESXi. Today, you can deploy my Nested ESXi Virtual Appliance which basically provides you with the ability to customize your deployment but would it not be great if this was native in the platform? Well, I am pleased to say this is now possible!
When you go and clone or deploy a VM from template that is a Nested ESXi VM, you will now have the option to select the Customize guest OS option. As you can see from the screenshot below, you can now create a new Customization Spec which is based on the Linux customization spec. The customization only covers networking configuration (IP Address, Netmask, Gateway and Hostname) and only applies it to the first VMkernel interface, all others will be ignored. The thinking here is that once you have your Nested ESXi VM on the network, you can then fully manage and configure it using the vSphere API rather than re-creating the same functionality just for cloning.
To use this new Nested ESXi GuestOS customization, there are two things you will need to do:
Perform two configuration changes within the Nested ESXi VM which will prepare them for cloning. You can find the configuration changes described in my blog post here
Ensure BOTH the GuestOS type is ESXi 6.5 (vmkernel65) and the actual OS is running ESXi 6.5. This means that your underlying physical vSphere infrastructure can be running either vSphere 6.0 Update 2 or vSphere 6.5
You can monitor the progress of the guest customization by going to the VM's Monitor->Tasks & Events using the vSphere Web Client or vSphere API if you are doing this programmatically. Below is a screenshot of a successful Nested ESXi guest customization. If there are any errors, you can take a look at /var/log/vmware-imc/toolsDeployPkg.log within the cloned Nested ESXi VM to determine what went wrong.
I know this will be a very welcome capability for customers who extensively use the guest customization feature or if you just want to quickly clone an existing Nested ESXi VM that you have already configured.
Pre-vSphere 6.5 enablement in vSphere 6.0 Update 2
By now, you probably have figured out what this last enhancement is all about 🙂 It is exactly as it sounds, we are enabling customers to try out ESXi 6.5 by running it as a Nested ESXi VM on your existing vSphere 6.0 environment and specifically the Update 2 release (this includes both vCenter Server aandESXi). Although this has always been possible with past releases of vSphere running newer versions, we are now pre-enabling ESXi 6.5 specific Nested ESXi capabilities in the latest release of vSphere 6.0 Update 2. This means when vSphere 6.5 is generally available, you will be able to test drive some of the new Nested ESXi 6.5 capabilities that I had mentioned on your existing vSphere infrastructure. This is pretty darn cool if you ask me!?
Virtual NVMe support
I had a few folks ask on whether the upcoming Virtual NVMe capability in vSphere 6.5 would be possible with Nested ESXi and the answer is yes. Please have a look at this post here for more details.
For those of you who use Nested ESXi, hopefully you will enjoy these new updates! As always, if you have any feedback or requests, feel free to leave them on my blog and I will be sure to share it with the Engineering team and who knows, it might show up in the future just like some of these updates which have been requested from customers in the past 😀
.
Inspired by the insanely provocative television series, Mad Men, Jennica Harper's poem cycle here traces the meandering thoughts of pubescent Sally Draper, the oft times neglected offspring of paterfamilias and part-time Lothario, Don Draper. Harper's monologues capture Sally's experiences at the edges of the masculine, cut-throat world of Manhattan's advertising, and the shifting social upheavals of the 1960s.
Though Sally's not a leader for the sex, drugs and rock and roll revolution, she is a reactive element: a baby boomer kid with some indelible philosophy. In “Sally Draper at the Premier of Jaws,” her approval-seeking banter annoys her date and she realizes that she's missing the entire point of being in a dark theatre with a boy. “This is me flirting,” she states, “I know I'm doomed.” In “Sally Draper: Upwardly Mobile,” she deems the consolation prize for not following her career path as being relegated to “wife.” For her, this means, “You may start pretty, but you get old fast. You become a secondary character in your own life. A wife.”
Harper foregrounds Sally's sense of being a “secondary character,” by emphasizing her self-conscious voice and her obsessive need to see herself from afar. Whether she's painting her lips in Hellbent and Taboo, taking peyote and contemplating the lyrical origins of “Puff the Magic Dragon,” or romanticizing her first abortion as “A calculated fainting” where she should be “woken with smelling salts by ladies in waiting – [her] problems gone,” her inner-monologue captures her disassociated steely understanding of the human condition. Despite the dishonesty and emotional fallout from her parents' generation, she's ready for change and wields it like “a sword in a virgin cocktail.”
These poems are not Harper's first foray into adolescent voices and perspectives. She has also written a poetry collection from the point-of-view of thirteen-year-old girls, What it Feels Like for a Girl, and works on the YTV sitcom, Mr. Young. Incidentally, some years ago, Jennica and I completed our MFAs at UBC together. I remember her being quick even then at cross-hatching pop culture and the ten angst as she does here and in her other poetry collection, The Octopus and Other Poems.
For Harper, youth culture is a poignant watermark of what's deemed frivolous in the previous generation. Perhaps this is why she is drawn to Sally Draper: because she is such a mercurial figure, as she struggles with realpolitik and her parents' emotional tailspins into extramarital affairs and vodka martinis. These poems attest to Sally's sense of unmooring. As Sally herself suggests, “There should be a system,” or at least balefire to illuminate her turn toward adulthood at the cusp of the most explosive youth culture movement in American history.
—Tammy Armstrong
—–
§
The Sally Draper Poems by Jennica Harper
Sally Draper at the Premiere of Jaws
I recognize that beach. Something about it – even in the dark.
Hey, Martha's Vineyard!
Shhhh!
Jeez.
I whisper to him. We used to go there in summer.
He rolls his eyes.
We're under the surface now, with the girl.
She has pretty legs, like a dancer.
They hired that girl just for her legs.
He looks at me. Pleading.
Sorry.
She treads water. I suck in my stomach.
The cold water's just making me colder.
They sure did crank the A/C – to the point
I barely remember that it's June.
They made it cold in here
so we'd cuddle up to our boys.
This is me flirting. I know I'm doomed.
He doesn't look at me. I guess to not
encourage more talking.
The sound kicks in, and I jump a little.
Da-da. Da-da. Da-da. I recognize it as a tuba
from the years Bobby practiced in the basement.
Stuck with that fat thing after being out sick
the day instruments were picked. I take it in. Know
the notes. E-F. EF, EF, EF.
I don't turn to him. Don't tell him about the tuba.
Now that I'm quiet, he takes my hand. Rubs
it between his to warm me up.
I know it's supposed to be scary
but they won't let this girl be hurt. They can't.
§
Sally Draper Hides
Ten feet below me
decisions are made.
I hide under the bed, though
she says I'm too old.
You learn a lot, ear to the floor.
Which boards squeak; that the front door
(opening after midnight – witching
hour, I once heard Francine say)
releases a tiny gust of air that floats
up the stairs, ever so stealthy and sweet,
blowing dust bunnies by.
I watch them hop and bob…
they're dancing like lovers! Or,
it's possible, running for cover.
§
Sally Draper's First Kiss
I knew kissing a boy would be different when it wasn't your brother, I just couldn't imagine how. I'd turned my hand into a mouth, like Senor Wences (but didn't let him talk). Brought my hand close, really slowly, shut my eyes most of the way, keeping them open just a slit so I could see, too. Tasted the salt on my fingers; tried to imagine what the hole of my hand was tasting. I'd stuck my tongue in, but there was nothing there, just air.
When finally I made James stay still so I could kiss him, I knew what had been missing: resistance. I slipped my tongue through his teeth, happy he put up a fight. The kiss made me want to pee and made me want to kiss him again. Then James wanted to keep going, and I got distracted by the TV.
Now, whenever I see a ventriloquist – or puppets, Pinocchio, any wooden boy, boy on a string, boy with a hand inside him – I have to excuse myself.
§
Sally Draper Struggles to Buy a Christmas Gift
He's got no hobbies –
doesn't fish or golf
like other men.
He's not cultured.
Wouldn't care about
opera tickets,
or the new Neil
Diamond. A magazine
subscription's out,
of course. The ads.
He might wear a tie,
but I can't bear to buy
him something so dull.
So I choose The Spy
Who Came In From the Cold.
Maybe he'll see
the symbolism –
a man wanting
out. Hope. The girl.
And if not,
maybe he'll at least
wonder
why this book, what does it mean,
and he'll realize I'm
interesting.
§
Sally Draper Buys Red Lipstick
The woman at Marshall's
lines my lips first, with Brick,
as in House,
as in Shit-A.
I make an O.
Next comes the stick: Dare You.
I want to say, You win!
I'll buy you, but you'll just
languish in a drawer
with Hellbent and Taboo.
All my life I have
shied from these lips – his
lips. Bowed and smacking
of blow-up doll…
Ode to an O.
But today I'll wear red.
The red of a cherry
on a sword in a virgin
cocktail I'll have to sip
through a straw.
§
Sally Draper: Upwardly Mobile
I've seen what happens when you don't push for it. Follow your dreams. You may start pretty, but you get old fast. You become a secondary character in your own life. A wife.
It's the kind of war you can't let them know you're waging. And you can't ever fall asleep – or onto a mattress – while on watch.
What they don't tell you is, you still have to pay your dues. And your dues may mean bringing coffee to men, again and again. A wife on the clock.
At home, my mother had it made and brought to her by the help. Something I think about when I pour.
§
Sally Draper Contemplates the Interstellar Mission
Apparently the planets are aligned,
so they can shoot (launch? dispatch?)
the two pods into deep space – they'll
hop from orbit to orbit, hitching lifts,
their trajectories curving out, dots
connecting to form a conch-like shell.
I guess Voyager is, kind of, a conch.
We've spoken into it, hoping sound travels.
Everything about the mission is designed
with beauty in mind: the hope of it all. The sounds
on the record (whales, that kiss from a mother
to her baby, and my favourite, thunder).
The fact there are two, a pair, twins,
a couple mated for life like swans.
So how come when I think of those things
hurtling out, carrying Earth's seeds, all I can
think is that we are fucking the universe
like a man fucks a woman, and I want to fuck
the world like that too?
§
Sally Draper Takes Carla Out for Lunch
It's taken me a year to find
her. There's no maid directory.
There should be a system; something.
I'd no idea we could live with women
and they could be taken from us and we
could not even know their full names.
She cooked me hot dogs. She taught me
fractions. Once, she spanked me. I
deserved it, and she took no pleasure in it.
I wanted to take her to a nice restaurant, but
on the phone she said no. The lunch counter
at Woolworth's it is.
When she arrives
she looks the same to me. Except my size,
instead of the powerful figure she'd been.
I stand to hug her, but she sits before I can.
She orders a clubhouse. I barely eat
my salad. I tell her about college. Classes,
living with the girls.
She tells me things have been fine,
she went to work for another family,
with twins. Smart boys. Nice boys.
I tell her she should have pulled the toothpick out
of her sandwich first. She smiles. Pulls
it out. It comes out clean, and I feel sick.
When I can't stop the tears from coming,
she holds out her napkin. Then changes
her mind, daubs at my eyes.
I thought. I thought.
She says, I know, sweet pea.
You know, you're nothing like her.
She doesn't know what she's talking about.
When I get back home I dye my hair
a dull yet shocking shade of black.
§
Sally Draper On Doctors
As soon as she came out,
I bought Surgeon Barbie. Her scrubs
are short, it's true. Still, score
one for us. I put her box
on my desk for when I study.
I will worship no idols beyond thee!
………………….*
Then it's Miss America Barbie.
For a laugh, I buy her too. Put
them side by side. But one day
I come home drunk and open her
so I can comb her hair.
I will worship no god but irony.
………………….*
He asks me which I'd rather be:
the career girl or the beauty. Of course,
I say the surgeon. He knows it's true.
What I don't say? My doctor, dentist, gynecologist,
therapist… men. Always will be.
I worship you in hopes you'll worship me.
§
Sally Draper Hears the News
I get the call. Feel my face
go cold. The lion can't die.
No tears, yet – not till
I'm on the subway, really
trying not to cry. I let a man
give me his seat, and ride
in comfort all the way uptown.
At the wake, I speak, read
Yeats, though I know
he'd have preferred O'Hara.
Tougher. But tough,
the day isn't for him.
It's for us, the living.
And I wait for it. The fire.
I expect it to ignite in me,
his fire, it's my
right, I'm the eldest,
the heir. But the cold
persists. A cold there's no
coming in from.
Twice a week, I try
his death on for size.
A coat of imaginary grief
I'll wear like armour.
I should send a card
for his birthday this year.
§
Sally Draper's First Abortion
Junior year is hard on the girls. Two got married
and quit school. One became a drunk and flunked.
Then there's me, failing for no good reason
and for the first time, two men in one month.
They ask me who's picking me up —
I lie. Say my brother, though I haven't called either
in weeks. I'll take a cab home, have a nap.
Then study. Clean the kitchen. Be useful.
Except: I didn't know you were awake
when they did it. I guess I imagined being under.
A calculated fainting, then woken with smelling salts
by ladies in waiting – my problems gone. But no.
Bet she never wondered what kind of mother
she'd be… I call her. There's no answer. I will not cry.
They say a name, the name I gave them, the other
me, and I stand. Put on my father's face.
So this is what it's like to be brave.
§
Sally Draper Will Never Do Mescaline Again
It's natural. It's from a cactus. Native Americans
in Mehico have been using it
for thousands of years.
Yeah, but there weren't cars you could get hit by.
Or fifth-story windows to jump out of.
Do you trust yourself, Sally?
Not really.
[…]
Just, put it in a drink or something.
I don't want to taste it.
Even you have limits
for what you'll put in your mouth,
huh?
Funny.
Now we wait. Soon the backs of our
eyelids will be like stained glass.
Puff, the magic dragon, lived by the sea…
My dad used to sing me that song.
But he'd turn Little Jackie Paper
into Little Sally Draper…
That's sweet.
Ehn.
That song's about grass. You want some?
It is not.
And yes.
It's a well documented fact. Ask anyone.
[Without warning, it hits me. I want to ask him.
I want to call, wake him up, beg him
not for the truth
but for what I want to hear.
He was always good
at what I want to hear. But
I don't know his number
off by heart, I'd have to
call information.]
I'm feeling pretty good. How about you, Sall…?
Sallster? I'm sall…ivating. For you.
Shut up.
Are you crying?
I'm Jackie, and I'm Puff.
I left and am left behind.
[…]
I am going to be like this
for the rest of my life.
Would that be so bad?
[…]
—Jennica Harper
.
Jennica Harper's books of poetry are What It Feels Like for a Girl (Anvil Press) and The Octopus and Other Poems (Signature Editions). In 2012, What It Feels Like for a Girl was published as an e-book for Kindle and Kobo, and was adapted into one-third of the critically acclaimed theatrical experience Initiation Trilogy at the Vancouver International Writers Festival (Marita Dachsel/Electric Company). The Sally Draper Poems are part of a new manuscript, Wood. Jennica is also a screenwriter and is currently working on YTV's teen comedy Mr. Young.
§
Our guest introducer Tammy Armstrong‘s poetry has appeared in literary magazines and anthologies in Canada, US, Europe, UK, and Algeria. She has been nominated for a Pushcart Prize, the Governor General's Award, and short-listed twice for the CBC Literary Prize. She is currently a PhD candidate at the University of New Brunswick, working in Critical Animal Studies and North Atlantic Poetry.
.
.
Shanna Singh Hughey lives in Nashville and previously was a senior adviser and director of the Mayor's Office of New Americans under Mayor Karl F. Dean. She served as nominations counsel to then-Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vermont) from 2009 to 2011. (Photo: Dipti Vaidya) Story Highlights Never before has a political party categorically refused to consider a Supreme Court nominee.
In Ronald Reagan's final year in office, Justice Kennedy was unanimously confirmed by the Senate.
Allowing this political stalemate to continue affects the day-to-day lives of countless Americans.
Aug. 6, 2009, was one of the best days of my professional life. A bipartisan majority of the U.S. Senate had just confirmed Sonia Sotomayor to serve as the nation's first Hispanic Supreme Court justice. I joined my boss, Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy, and several of my colleagues in his private office near the Senate chamber while he telephoned her to offer his congratulations.
For months, my colleagues and I had worked day and night to learn everything we could about soon-to-be Justice Sotomayor. We read every judicial opinion she authored, every speech she ever gave, every Internet post that included her name. We had thoroughly prepared Chairman Leahy to lead her Senate confirmation process, and this phone call was its culmination. After months of hard work, the moment felt historic.
But the occasion was also routine. Justice Sotomayor's confirmation followed a path remarkably similar to each justice she would soon join on the high court. She was vetted by the administration and nominated by the president. The Senate Judiciary Committee did its own vetting and held thorough hearings before reporting her nomination to the full Senate. After face-to-face meetings with the nominee and spirited floor debate, the majority of senators voted to confirm her.
The process worked as it should. It worked as it has for a century, regardless of which political party held the White House or the Senate majority. And then Justice Antonin Scalia died unexpectedly — in an election year — and launched the confirmation process into a partisan clash.
Mere hours after news broke of Justice Scalia's death, Senate Republicans, urged on by nearly every Republican presidential candidate, vowed to block any nominee President Barack Obama put forward — regardless of qualifications or background. All 11 Republicans on the Judiciary Committee announced they would not hold hearings on any nominee; key Senate Republicans said they would not attend the get-to-know-you meetings with nominees that are typically a matter of courtesy. Democrats called “foul” and condemned what they view as wholesale obstructionism.
To the casual observer, this sounds like business as usual in Washington. In truth, it's anything but.
Never before has a political party categorically refused to consider a Supreme Court nominee. Although election-year vacancies are rare, the Senate has filled them six times since 1900. And never in the decades since it started holding hearings on Supreme Court nominees has the Judiciary Committee refused to do so.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Breaking news from Tennessean.com delivered immediately to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-342-8237. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
To those who say Democrats would throw up similar roadblocks if the tables were turned, it's instructive to look to 1988. It was President Ronald Reagan's term-limited final year in office, and Democrats held a 54-46 majority in the Senate when they considered Justice Anthony Kennedy's nomination to the Supreme Court. The Judiciary Committee unanimously voted to send Justice Kennedy's nomination to the full Senate, which unanimously confirmed him.
To argue this process is impossible or undesirable today is to advocate for a new normal — one where political gridlock impedes the work of the very branch of government the Constitution protects from political pressure. This may sound like a problem for the ivory tower, but it affects everyday Americans.
If Justice Scalia's vacancy goes unfilled this year, the Supreme Court will function with only eight justices for two consecutive terms. In many of its most important cases, this will leave the court with two options: Decide the case by a 4-4 split, meaning the lower court's decision stands and no national precedent is created, or wait to decide until the vacancy is filled. Allowing this political stalemate to continue means cases before the high court about voting rights, immigration, race-based college admissions and collective bargaining may have to wait, affecting the day-to-day lives of countless Americans through no fault of their own.
If the goalposts have moved in this way, we must recognize the shift. If this is a new normal, it is a new low.
A bipartisan panel of legal experts with extensive experience in the Supreme Court nominations process will discuss these issues at the Baker Donelson Event Center at noon on Friday, March 4. The event, hosted by the Nashville chapter of the American Constitution Society, with the Napier Looby Bar Association and the Stonewall Bar Association, is free and open to the public. Space is limited; RSVP by visiting https://www.acslaw.org/chapters/tn/nashville-chapter/upcoming-events.
Shanna Singh Hughey lives in Nashville and previously was a senior adviser and director of the Mayor's Office of New Americans under Mayor Karl F. Dean. She served as nominations counsel to then-Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vermont) from 2009 to 2011.
Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/1p1CFPA
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Google, the Internet search group, defended its scanning and publishing of millions of books online on Monday by saying the project was making finding information on the Web more democratic.
A woman stands among the bookshelves in the main reading room of The New York Public Library, December 14, 2004. REUTERS/Mike Segar
The Californian company struck a deal with author and publisher groups in the United States earlier this year, allowing it to copy books for the Internet.
But the agreement has been criticized and come under the gaze of the U.S. Justice Department because it does not say what Google might charge libraries, for example. Some of them fear the service will become an expensive must-have.
Dan Clancy, architect of the Google program, told a hearing at the European Commission, which is the European Union's executive body, that the group hoped to allow Web surfers to find out-of-print books.
“We have seen a democratization of access to online information,” said Clancy, engineering director of Google Book Search.
“You can discover information which you did not know was there,” he said. “It is important that these (out-of-print) books are not left behind. Google's interest was in helping people to find the books.”
The EU said this year it would examine the Google deal in the United States after Germany said the company had scanned books from U.S. libraries to create a database without asking the authors.
COPYRIGHT SHOWDOWN
The Commission is considering what Europe should do about scanning and printing books on the Web.
Viviane Reding and Charlie McCreevy, the EU commissioners responsible for media and the European marketplace, said they would look at shaking up copyright laws.
That could make it easier for Europe to follow the United States in scanning and printing more books online.
The EU has launched its own online register, Europeana, which includes books and images ranging from William Shakespeare to pictures of French actress Brigitte Bardot.
But most European countries have been slow in scanning and publishing literature for Europeana and Reding hopes companies such as Google can pick up the slack.
The decision to allow Google to build its library of more than 10 million scanned books has divided opinion worldwide.
“The settlement mostly only affects out-of-print books,” said James Gleick, one of the writers who sued Google but later agreed to let the group scan old books and print them online.
“For us who are authors of out-of-print books, it brings our work to a whole new audience,” he told the hearing.
Others are more skeptical. ICOMP, a lobby group sponsored by U.S. software giant Microsoft, said Google's plans to scan and publish would concentrate too much power in its hands.
David Wood, a lawyer working for ICOMP, told reporters Google would create an “enduring monopoly” in the supply of online books. (Editing by Dale Hudson/Will Waterman)
Today we're proud to announce the initial rollout of multi-process Firefox for Desktop to our general audience. With this, we're taking a major step forward in improving Firefox for Desktop. Users should experience a Firefox that is less susceptible to freezing and is generally more responsive to input, while retaining the experience and features that users love.
In Firefox 48, we aim to slowly enable multi-process Firefox (also known as Electrolysis or e10s) for release users, starting with one percent and ramping up to nearly half the Firefox Release if things go as expected. e10s promises to offer a major improvement to your browsing experience by separating Web content and Firefox UI processes. This means when a web page is consuming a large part of your computer's processing power, your tabs, buttons and menus won't lock up. Wondering if your Firefox instance has enabled e10s? Type “about:support” into the URL bar. If e10s is active, you'll see “1/1 (Enabled by default)” under the Multiprocess Windows line item.
In addition to making fundamental changes to how Firefox for Desktop will work in the future, today's update also brings improvements to the browser design that make discovery even easier. First, we're making the awesome bar even more awesome. Now when you enter a new query, you'll see more suggestions than ever before and a wider view of your suggestions across the screen. This makes suggestions easier to read. You may also notice icons when a suggestion is recommending a site that is already in your bookmarks or open tabs.
We have redesigned the Discovery Pane at about:addons to help you personalize your browsing experience. The new design simplifies installation for featured add-ons to just one click and uses clean images and text to quickly orient you as you explore Firefox.
Lastly, in the latest update, we are also shipping security improvements that enhance download protection in Firefox, which you can learn more about here.
We also have some new features available in the latest version of Firefox for Android. Earlier this year, we experimented with rebooting bookmarks. Today, we're rolling out these improvements by merging your Reading Lists into Bookmarks and your Synced tabs into the History Panel. This change means your reading list items will now be available across devices alongside your bookmarks, giving you easier access to your content no matter what device you're using, which is a major upgrade for those of you using Firefox across devices.
Today, more people are watching web video than ever before. So we set out to improve the audio and video playback experience in Android. Now when you are playing a video within Firefox on an Android device and receive a call, your device will pause the video automatically, so you can focus on the call. We've also added a toolbar so you can quickly manage your audio controls within the app and streamlined the touch controls on all video content so it's easier to use.
We'll keep you updated as we continue to roll out Electrolysis over the next several months. In the meantime, download the latest Firefox for desktop and Android and let us know what you think.
Chinese farmer prepares for apocalypse
Updated
A Chinese farmer has invented a survival pod he hopes will be adopted to provide protection during natural disasters.
Liu Qiyuan from the village of Qiantun, Hebei province, says he was inspired by the apocalyptic Hollywood movie '2012' and the 2004 Asian tsunami to develop the pods, nicknamed 'Noah's Ark'.
Mr Liu has built seven pods which are able to float on water, and some even have their own propulsion system.
The pods consist of a fibreglass shell wrapped around a steel frame.
The airtight spheres with varying interiors contain oxygen tanks and seat belts with space for around 14 people, and are designed to remain upright when in water.
Mr Liu is hoping governments and international organisations will adopt the pods for use during natural disasters.
Last month, another Chinese man unveiled his own 'Noah's Ark' which he hoped would save him in the event of an apocalyptic flood.
Lu Zhenhai, a man from Urumqi, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, hopes his $US160,500 'Noah's Ark' will help him survive a so-called 'Mayan Apocalypse', on December 21, 2012.
December 21 marks the end of a more than 5,000-year era, according to the Mayan "Long Count" calendar, which began in 3114 BC.
Some New Age spiritualists are convinced the date also marks a "doomsday" foretold by Mayan hieroglyphs - a prediction dismissed by experts as faulty and sensational.
ABC/Wires
Topics: emergency-planning, offbeat, china, asia
First posted
From Pete Eyre of Bureaucrash:
This past Friday afternoon when coming home from work I noticed a cop car parked in a no parking zone. I contemplated just walking by to start enjoying some downtime but concluded that if I don't speak up, even against such trivial law-breaking, who else would?
As you'll see in the video below, despite having received a complaint by a citizen (me) the responding officer failed to hold his fellow officer to the same standard that he stated he would if a civilian engaged in similar activity. And rather than apologizing for blatantly breaking the law, the officer who parked in the no parking zone thanked me by following me on foot – actions that unsurprisingly made me just a bit uncomfortable.
I share this video to document not just this situation but the mindset that unfortunately is all-too prevalent in policing today. And to hopefully help hold accountability those who swear an oath to uphold the law but who in practice – at least in this case – are willing to not only flaunt that law but intimidate those who question them.
Slurpee fans can fill any "cup" – or containers that can be used as cups – with Slurpee deliciousness at participating 7-Eleven stores Friday, May 19, and Saturday, May 20, from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. It's just in time to try the latest limited-time frozen flavors – Cinnamon-flavored Pepsi Fire with a mouth-tingling finish, Lemonade made with real fruit juice or sugar-free Slurpee Lite® Watermelon Lime with all natural flavors.
The cost to fill any "cup" of choice, regardless of size, is $1.50, the price of an average medium Slurpee drink. All cups must be leak-proof, safe, sanitary ... and fit upright within the in-store BYOC display cutout, which is about 10 inches in diameter. Sorry, trash cans, kitchen sinks and inflatable swimming pools are not eligible.
7-Eleven is getting into the BYOC game this year with its own collossal collectible cup, shaped like a blender and refillable. Thirsty customers who show up without an oversized cup can purchase the 50-ounce blender cup for $5.99. The new Ultimate Slurp Straw is more than twice as big as a regular straw and supports a Brainfreeze® waiting to happen. Suggested retail price $0.99.
"Every year, BYOC gets bigger, and customers get more creative," said Laura Gordon, 7-Eleven vice president of marketing and brand innovation. "Year-round, people show their personality through their striped and swirled Slurpee selections. On BYOCup Day, fans can customize their slurping experience even more by filling their own cup of their choice and sharing their crazy creations on social media."
Part of the fun is capturing the Slurpee experience with photos and sharing it on social media. To encourage social media participation, 7-Eleven is using the hashtag #BYOCupDay so Slurpee fans can share their creative, colorful cups on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Snapchat users can follow REALLYSLURPEE for updates on BYOC. A special BYOCup Day geo-filter, available only at 7-Eleven stores May 19 and 20, adds an extra splash of color to snaps of the Slurpee fans unofficially competing for most unusual cup honors. For more information, visit https://www.7-eleven.com/slurpee.
7-Eleven's BYOCup Day is a worldwide phenomenon. Besides the United States, 7-Eleven stores in Australia, Canada, the Philippines and Malaysia have held BYOCup Days.
About 7-Eleven, Inc.
7-Eleven, Inc. is the premier name and largest chain in the convenience-retailing industry. Based in Irving, Texas, 7-Eleven® operates, franchises or licenses more than 62,000 stores in 17 countries, including 10,900 in North America. Known for its iconic brands such as Slurpee®, Big Bite® and Big Gulp®, 7-Eleven has expanded into high-quality salads, side dishes, cut fruit and protein boxes, as well as pizza, chicken wings, cheeseburgers and hot chicken sandwiches. 7-Eleven offers customers industry-leading private brand products under the 7-Select® brand including healthy options, decadent treats and everyday favorites, at an outstanding value. Customers also count on 7-Eleven for payment services, self-service lockers and other convenient services. Find out more online at www.7-Eleven.com, via the 7Rewards® customer loyalty platform on the 7-Eleven mobile app, or on social media at Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
SOURCE 7-Eleven, Inc.
Related Links
http://www.7-eleven.com
CLOSE A "prominence eruption" on the surface of the sun was captured by NASA Solar Dynamics Observatory. VPC
A NASA satellite captured stunning images from the surface of the sun last month. (Photo11: NASA)
Ever wanted to know what it's like to dance on the sun?
Instruments aboard NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) captured stunning views of our nearest star late last month, as seen in this video of "prominence eruptions" blasting off the surface of the sun.
It's not a solar flare, according to NASA, but "material on the sun, doing what it always does, dancing and twisting — and in this case erupting off the side of the sun," according to NASA spokeswoman Susan Hendrix.
The material is a small, hovering mass of twisted plasma that shifts back and forth before erupting into space over the course of just one day.
The suspended plasma is being pulled and stretched by competing magnetic forces until something triggers the breakaway, NASA reports. This kind of activity is fairly common on the sun, but we have only been able to view them at this level of detail since the SDO began operations just four years ago.
The SDO is a satellite that's in orbit around the Earth, with sensors pointed at the sun to take a variety of measurements of the sun and solar activity.
One of the mission's goals is to see how the sun's magnetic field is generated and structured, and how it impacts life on Earth and our telecommunications systems.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qbmmhq
Date Entered:
2016-10-13
Narrative:
The Tower was advised of a drone flying overhead "the ball" (the buoy which marks the southwest corner of float plane landing area "A"). A West Coast Air de Havilland DHC-6 (C-FGQH/CZ604) from Victoria Harbour, BC (Water) (CYWH) to Vancouver Harbour, BC (Water) (CYHC) and a Harbour Air de Havilland DHC-3 (C-FHAS/HR312) on a local flight from CYHC were both on final for a westbound landing and both were cautioned regarding the drone. The Tower then observed the drone flying above the float plane docks at approximately 150' ASL. CZ604 and HR312 landed safely. The Tower then spotted the drone operator at Jack Poole Plaza (directly south of the float plane docks) and observed them land the drone on the plaza. The Vancouver City Police were dispatched; while awaiting their arrival, the Tower observed the operator launch the drone again and climb it to approximately 150' ASL. The drone was flown towards the float plane dock area, overflying many pedestrians on the plaza and the promenade below as it manoeuvred. Shortly after the operator landed the drone, the Vancouver Police attended and shut down the operation.
Close
A developmental biologist in Sweden is attempting to edit the genes of healthy human embryos — making him the first to do so in history, according to an NPR exclusive report.
The topic of editing human embryo genes has long been considered a taboo. In fact, the practice has been under scrutiny over ethical and safety concerns.
But Fredrik Lanner, a scientist at the Karolinska Institute, announced that he is trying to edit genes in human embryos to study how the genes regulate their early development. NPR released an interview with Lanner.
Hopes For Gene Editing
Lanner is using a gene-editing technique known as CRISPR, which was hailed as the 2015 Breakthrough of the Year by Science Magazine. CRISPR acts as a molecular pair of scissors that can snip and edit genomes.
By using CRISPR, Lanner hopes his research could pave the way for new methods to prevent miscarriages and treat infertility. He also hopes his work could help experts learn more about embryonic stem cells and their role in treating a wide range of diseases.
He said that if scientists can learn how the early cells are regulated in the embryo, it may be useful in treating patients with Parkinson's disease, different types of blindness, diabetes and other diseases.
What Critics Say
However, scientists are concerned that mistakes while editing DNA in human embryos could trigger the onset of new diseases that could be passed down to future generations.
Furthermore, many fears that the kind of work Lanner does could also open the door for others to attempt to use genetically modified embryos in producing "designer babies."
In 2015, scientists in China tried to edit DNA using "non-viable" human embryos that would not go on to develop or grow. In February, officials in the United Kingdom approved a proposal to edit the genes of human embryos, under condition that the embryos will be "destroyed" a week later.
Likewise, Lanner said he is only planning to study the modified embryos for the first seven days of growth and would never allow them to develop past 14 days.
Lanner said that gene editing is not a technology that should be taken lightly. He said he stands against any thoughts of using the technology to produce designer babies or enhance for aesthetic purposes.
Still, he believes that basic research is necessary to move forward scientifically.
“I think it's wise to be allowed to do fundamental research,” said Lanner, adding that such studies can become beneficial in the future.
Photo: Greg Emmerich | Flickr
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
As TruthRevolt previously reported, hundreds of women were assaulted, robbed, molested, and raped by 1,000 Muslim migrants in several German cities during New Year's Eve celebrations. In the wake of this sexual violence, Cologne Mayor Henriette Reker held an emergency meeting to come up with a "code of conduct" in hopes to prevent future criminal activity. Unbelievably, the helpful hints aren't aimed at the migrant perpetrators but the female victims.
From UK's Independent:
The suggested code of conduct includes maintaining an arm's length distance from strangers, to stick within your own group, to ask bystanders for help or to intervene as a witness, or to inform the police if you are the victim of such an assault. In anticipation of large carnivals in the city centre in February, Mayor Reker promised an increased police presence. She warned young women about potential dangers of drunken events.
If that isn't outrageous enough, Reker is going out of her way to insure the "asylum seekers" -- described by police as North African and Arab -- are clued into what is expected behavior from them.
“We need to prevent confusion about what constitutes happy behaviour and what is utterly separate from openness, especially in sexual behaviour," she said.
Reker defended further claiming that not every attacker was a newly-arrived refugee and that some of them were known by the police.
The mayor has welcomed Muslim refugees with open arms and because of that, was a victim herself when she was stabbed in the neck in October by a man upset at her open-door policy.
Yet, her message to victims remains the same:
Islamic clerics who addressed the event in Walthamstow, East London, on November 26, 2017.
Introduction
Will the UK become another Pakistan? The definitive answer is yes. The only question is when. In November of 2017, Islamists from the Sufi school of Islam laid siege to Islamabad for three weeks on the issue of Khatm-e-Nabuwwat ("finality of the prophethood of Muhammad"), a belief that is part of Islamic shari'a's blasphemy laws. The ideas articulated by Islamists in Pakistan are being preached in British towns and Europe – publicly and in mass rallies, as discussed below. In an earlier article, I have defined Islam as a movement of ideas, Islamism as the peaceful methodology of Islam and jihadism as the weaponised version of Islamism.[1]
In recent decades, Ahmadi Muslims, pejoratively dismissed by clerics as Qadianis and persecuted by the Pakistani state and society, have found shelter in the UK. Ahmadi Muslims will be at the receiving end of Pakistani Islamism flowing into the UK because they are accused, inaccurately, by Islamists of not believing Muhammad to be the last prophet. Ahmadis do believe that Muhammad was the last prophet, but also argue, much like the Sufis do, that God talks to and mediates with mystics. However, the Islamists – Deobandis or Sufis – have determined that Ahmadis are guilty of blasphemy by not believing in Muhammad to be the last prophet.
Jamaat-e-Islami Official Tells Crowd In Birmingham: "Unless Nizam-e-Mustafa [The Prophet Muhammad's System Of Governance] Is Established... There Cannot Be Peace"
Speaking in Birmingham on November 28, Chaudhary Dawood Pahalwan – the convener of Jamaat-e-Islami UK for the Midlands – "paid generous tributes to those who sacrificed their lives for the honor of the Prophet Muhammad" in the violence that resulted in the three-week siege of Islamabad.[2] Specifically, he was paying tribute to Zohaib Zahid, a leader of Jamaat-e-Islami for the Pakistani town of Rawalpindi, who died in clashes with the police in Islamabad. Chaudhary Dawood Pahalwan also warned: "Unless Nizam-e-Mustafa [the Prophet Muhammad's system of governance] is established in Pakistan, there cannot be peace in the country."[3]
Based in the UK, Chaudhary Dawood Pahalwan and other Islamists advocate Nizam-e-Mustafa, routinely disparage Western secular values, and campaign for shari'a rule. Speaking in the town of Derby, Hafiz Nisar Ahmad, the chairman of Pakistan Rabta Council for Derby, criticized the pro-West politicians in Pakistan and added: "Pakistan's future is tied to the Islam-loving forces. The liberal-secular forces have derived advantage from differences among the religious groups."[4] In the town of Halifax in West Yorkshire, Islamic scholar Muhammad Sajjad Rizvi lauded the wheelchair-bound cleric Khadim Hussain Rizvi for leading the siege of Islamabad.[5] Muhammad Sajjad Rizvi blamed the Pakistani government for the loss of lives in clashes with police, but added: "The sit-in proved how much love the people of Pakistan have for Islam and are ready to sacrifice everything [i.e. their lives] for the finality of the prophethood of Muhammad."[6]
On November 26, at another event in Halifax to mark the birthday of Muhammad, speakers advocated martyrdom to defend the belief in Khatm-e-Nabuwwat, saying: "Islam is the messenger of peace, but to crush the head of the anti-humanity mischiefs also teaches Rasm-e-Shabbiri [martyrdom akin to the one offered by the prophet's grandson at the Battle of Karbala]."[7] In the Islamic conception preached by religious scholars, humanity is Islamic humanity, peace is Islamic peace, brotherhood is Islamic brotherhood, equality is equality between Muslims only. The speakers who addressed the Halifax conference included: Syed Munawwar Husain Shah Jamaati, Syd Ahmed Hussain Shah Tirmizi, Allama Syed Zainul Abidin, Allama Barkat Ahmad Chishti, and others. Tirmizi told the audience: "Khatm-e-Nabuwwat is Islam's foundational and collective faith. Every conspiracy against this will be foiled."[8]
Sufi Mystic Syed Abdul Qadri Shah Jeelani Tells Conference In East London: "For Muslims, This Is An Era Of Trial And Tribulations Because Muslims Have Adopted Modernity"
The November 2017 siege of Islamabad by Islamists emanated from a Pakistani government attempt to change an oath in the country's election law requiring candidates to declare that Muhammad was the last prophet. The attempted legislation was aborted due to fear of Islamists. However, Islamists were not satisfied and, led by Khadim Hussain Rizvi, they marched on Islamabad, forcing law minister Hamid Zahid to resign.[9] In Pakistan, jihadis and Islamists have thrived with tacit and open support of the military. It is not incidental, therefore, that the siege was brought to an end by the Pakistani military, with Maj.-Gen. Faiz Hameed signing the agreement between the Pakistani government and the Islamists led by Khadim Hussain Rizvi.[10] The Islamabad High Court, peeved at the military's role, went on to say that the Pakistani military was behind the siege.[11]
During the three-week siege and thereafter, Islamic clerics based in the UK articulated the same ideas regarding Khatm-e-Nabuwwat and blasphemy laws that have shaped the religious identity of the Pakistani state. Those who support blasphemy laws praise Ashiqaan-e-Rasool ("Lovers Of The Prophet") for killing blasphemers. In Walthamstow, East London, a big event was organized on November 26 by three Islamic groups, which were the International Muslim Movement, Anjuman Khuddam Qadriya Jeelaniya, and Darul Uloom Qadriya Jeelaniya, to mark the birthday of Prophet Muhammad. Leading Islamic clerics from the UK, Europe, and Pakistan, generally from the Sufi/Barelvi school of Islam, attended the event.
Speaking on the occasion, Sufi mystic Syed Abdul Qadri Shah Jeelani said: "The love for the prophet is the only spiritual force that can unite the Muslims of the world."[12] Jeelani, who was the lead speaker, also said: "For Muslims, this is an era of trial and tribulations because Muslims have adopted modernity and distanced themselves from religion."[13] At the event, Qazi Allama Abdul Aziz Chishti, who is from the town of Luton and is the secretary of Jamaat Ahle Sunnat UK and the Overseas Trust, told the audience that it was Jamaat Ahle Sunnat which represented Muslims in the UK and Europe, "whether it be the Rushdie mischief, or the attack by the rejecters of Khatm-e-Nabuwwat, or Europe's attacks against Islam and the founder of Islam [Muhammad]."[14] A resolution was adopted that dubbed those who reject Khatm-e-Nabuwwat as kafirs ("unbelievers").[15]
Islamic Clerics Of Manchester Praise Islamists Who Died In The Siege Of Islamabad: "[We] Pay Tributes To Those Martyrs Who… Drank The Drink Of Martyrdom"
At another meeting in Walthamstow held a few days before this big event, these clerics, in a warning to Ahmadi Muslim community of the UK, declared: "Wherever in the world a voice will be raised for the defense of the prophet's honor and for the protection of the belief in Khatm-e-Nabuwwat... our group, our followers, believers will not hesitate from any sacrifice."[16] The clerics who spoke at this event included: Syed Abdul Qadir Geelani, Qazi Abdul Aziz Chishti, Syed Ahmed Hussain Tirmizi, and others. In a press statement from Birmingham, Muhammad Ghalib, the chairman of the Syed Maududi Foundation, advocated "punishment" for officials and ministers in the Pakistani government who tried to introduce an amendment to the election law on Khatm-e-Nabuwwat.[17]
When the Islamabad siege came to an end, a number of Islamic scholars in the UK lauded Tehreek Labbaik Pakistan Ya Rasool Allah (TLY), the Islamist movement led by Khadim Hussain Rizvi that had steered the siege and was supported by numerous other organizations. In Manchester, these Islamic clerics described Khadim Hussain Rizvi as "Emir-ul-Mujahideen" ("Leader of the Mujahideen") for his "steadfastness and courage," and paid tribute to the protestors who were killed in the fighting with police in these words: "[We] pray for and pay tributes to those martyrs who sacrificed their lives in this great mission and drank the drink of martyrdom..."[18] These clerics from Manchester included: Ahmad Nisar Baig Qadri, Syed Zahid Hussain Shah Rizvi, Mufti Fazal Ahmad Qadri, Hafiz Muhammad Zaheer Ahmad Naqshbandi, Mufti Akhtar Ali Qadri, Hafiz Nisar Ahmad Raza, Muhammad Ahmad Naqshbandi, Syed Hasnain Raza Bukhari, and many others.[19]
Chaudhry Muhammad Altaf Shahid, a Muslim leader based in Manchester, endorsed the Islamist siege of Islamabad on the issue of Khatm-e-Nabuwwat and added: "To play a role for the defense of the prophet's honor is not politics, but prayer."[20] So far, mostly Sufi/Barelvi scholars have taken the lead in celebrating the birthday of Prophet Muhammad. However, a new Deobandi organization, Jamiat Ulema-e-Deoband, was founded this year in Manchester. Dr. Khalid Mahmood, a former justice of the Supreme Court of Pakistan (the Shari'a Appellate Bench), addressed a Koran-teaching session by this group in Jamaa Masjid of Manchester where he declared: "Any such writing or speech which gives the impression that the Prophet Muhammad did not succeed in his mission of prophethood is unacceptable to Muslims."[21] Mosques and other religious institutions in the UK are already divided among various sects of Islam.
Conclusion
Khatm-e-Nabuwwat is one of the beliefs that constitute Islam's blasphemy laws. The speeches and activities of Islamic clerics settled in the UK and coming into the UK from Pakistan and elsewhere reveal only one point: they teach the same Islamist ideas that are taught in Pakistan. With regards to the Prophet Muhammad's honor, all Islamic sects – or the jihadis of Al-Qaeda, the Taliban, and the Islamic State – favor the killing of anyone who commits blasphemy of the prophet. For example, Shia leader Imam Khomeini ordered the beheading of Salman Rushdie for this theological reason. Similarly, Cherif and Said Kouachi, two brothers from Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, killed the editors of Charlie Hebdo magazine for this same theological reason. The Islamic clerics in the UK and Pakistan, who are leading the masses to defend Khatm-e-Nabuwwat, belong to the Sufi/Barelvi school. There is absolutely no difference between the beliefs held by the Sufi clerics, Imam Khomeini, and the Kouachi brothers on this theological issue.[22]
* Tufail Ahmad is Senior Fellow for the MEMRI Islamism and Counter-Radicalization Initiative.
Accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar A. Tsarnaev's writings as he hid inside a Watertown boat were presented to the jury in US District Court in Boston, where Tsarnaev is on trial for his role in the April 15, 2013 bombings that killed three people and wounded 260 others.
On Tuesday, Boston Police Officer Todd Brown, a member of the department's bomb squad, testified that he searched the boat parked in David Henneberry's back yard to make sure that there were no explosive devices in it after Tsarnaev was discovered hiding there.
No bombs were found, but Brown said he did notice some writing in pencil, words that were partially obscured by blood stains at some points and pocked with bullet holes in others.
Advertisement
Below are photos taken from the boat:
US Department of Justice These photographs were taken inside the private boat that Dzhokhar A. Tsarnaev was hiding in before he was captured by police in the backyard of a Watertown home on April 19, 2013.
US Department of Justice Tsarnaev wrote the notes with a pencil.
US Department of Justice The bullet holes are from shots fired into the boat by police, according to a witness who testified Tuesday about the discovery of the writings.
Below is a transcript of the writing shown in the images:
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“I'm jealous of my brother who
ha (hole) ceived the reward of jannutul Firdaus (inshallah) before me. I do not mourn because his soul is very much alive. God has a plan for each person. Mine was to hide in his boat and shed some light on our actions I ask Allah to make me a shahied (iA) to allow me to return to him and be among all the righteous people in the highest levels of heaven.
He who Allah guides no one can misguide
A (hole) bar!
Advertisement
I bear witness that there is no God but Allah
and that Muhammad is his
messenger (hole) r actions came
with (hole) a (hole) ssage and that
is (hole) ha Illalah. The U.S.
Advertisement
Government is killing our innocent
civilians but most of you already
know that. As a M (hole) I can't
stand to see such evil go unpunished,
we Muslims are one body, you hurt
one you hurt us all, well at least that's
how Muhammad (pbuh) wanted it to be (hole) ever,
the ummah is beginning to rise/awa (hole)
has awoken the mujahideen, know you are
fighting men who look into the barrel of your
gun and see heaven, now how can you compete
with that. We are promised victory and we
will surely get it. Now I don't like killing
innocent people it is forbidden in Islam
but due to said (hole) it is allowed.
All credit goes (hole)”
What do you call it when an unauthorized user injects code into every page on your website? I call it hacking.
Well, that's exactly what GoDaddy did to two of my client sites yesterday. Hacked them. Injected code without our knowledge or approval.
Here's how it played out…
I woke up to this email from GoDaddy Pro because I use their Pro Sites (ManageWP) service to monitor the uptime and security of client sites:
I log into the Pro Sites dashboard and here's what I see:
I verify it in my browser. Here's the injected code between the </body> and </html> tags:
</body>
<script>'undefined'=== typeof _trfq || (window._trfq = []);'undefined'=== typeof _trfd && (window._trfd=[]),_trfd.push({'tccl.baseHost':'secureserver.net'}),_trfd.push({'ap':'cpsh'},{'server':'a2plcpnl0551'}) // Monitoring performance to make your website faster. If you want to opt out, please contact web hosting support.</script><script src='https://img1.wsimg.com/tcc/tcc_l.combined.1.0.6.min.js'></script></html>
I paid particular attention to the comment:
// Monitoring performance to make your website faster. If you want to opt out, please contact web hosting support.
and thought to myself “if that doesn't sound like social engineering to get you to leave this code alone, what does?”
I search the Internet and can't find any references to this code, so I consider it some sort of new malware and go through the usual drill:
Notify the clients
Change all the WordPress administrator passwords
Change all the FTP passwords
With the client's approval, start the hunt for an infected PHP file somewhere in the installation
I'll shorten the story to say that after hours of looking at PHP files, I decided to take another tack and investigate this “wsimg.com” domain. It turns out wsimg.com is OWNED by GoDaddy. Could it be? Could GoDaddy Pro be alerting me to code GoDaddy Hosting secretly injected into our site? I called up GoDaddy Pro Support, spoke with a nice rep named J.P. and after speaking with a higher up he found out that it WAS TRUE! Talk about irony – GoDaddy rats on itself!
I was furious and I let the rep know (in as restrained a manner as I could muster under the circumstances).
So that's the story. The injected code isn't malware (as far as I know). There's no notification of it being done (unless you are monitoring for such changes). There's no way to turn it off from cPanel. Instead, if you detect it, you can call your friendly GoDaddy support rep, give them a piece of your mind and ask to manually opt-out. Oh and tell them Larry sent you.
October 11, 2017 Good News Update: See the comment from Mario Frith and my reply for instructions on how to turn this “hack” off without having to call GoDaddy.
One of Trump's rallying cries as Election Day nears has been that the election system is rigged and rampant with voter fraud.
We've debunked this idea in more than one way, but more recently, Trump offered several statistics to back his claim up during a rally in Cleveland, Ohio, on Oct. 23.
One of those claims was this: "14 percent of noncitizens are registered to vote."
Trump's remark stood out to us and piqued our interests. We found that Trump is referencing a study that has been criticized and rebutted multiple times for the methodology it uses.
Trump's proof was rebutted
Trump was citing a 2014 article posted on Monkey Cage, a blog hosted by the Washington Post, his campaign told PolitiFact. The blog post was a precursor to a study that discussed the impact noncitizens could have on the November 2014 election.
The authors — Jesse Richman and David Earnest — determined more than 14 percent of noncitizens in both the 2008 and 2010 samples indicated that they were registered to vote.
Richman and Earnest used data collected from a Harvard-affiliated Cooperative Congressional Election Study (CCES). The duo concluded that CCES' data provided "sufficient samples" to conduct their research.
Trump accurately cites the study, but its findings have been highly contested.
Three experts wrote rebuttals of the study's findings after the Post article appeared, and the study spawned another peer-reviewed article.
The main issue with the study is the sample size and the unreliable database of Internet respondents.
Shortly after Richman and Earnest's study was published, the CCES released a newsletter encouraging researchers not to use its data in that way.
"The example for this analysis is Richman, Chattha, and Earnest (2014), which presents a biased estimate of the rate at which non-citizens voted in recent elections," the letter says.
The CCES researchers — Stephen Ansolabehere, Samantha Luks and Brian Schaffner — reiterated their point in a Washington Post analysis last week. (This analysis became the subject of a study published in 2015 by the same authors.)
Ansolabehere, Luks and Schaffner say a small percentage of respondents, who are citizens, accidentally misidentify themselves as noncitizens on the survey. This is because the respondents didn't read the question carefully and accidentally selected the wrong response to the question.
How do they know this? Schaffner, a political science professor at the University of Massachusetts, said the group has conducted surveys where they ask people questions regarding their citizenship and some people change their answers.
"When we took out people who changed their answer on the citizenship question and only look at people who answered consistently that they were noncitizens, we found no reported noncitizens who voted," Schaffner told PolitiFact.
News 21, a national investigative reporting project, found 56 cases of noncitizens voting across all elections from 2000 to 2011.
Rick Hasen, an election expert at University of California at Irvine's School of law, told PolitiFact that Trump's statistic is bogus. He also cited Ansolabehere, Luks and Schaffner's study rebutting Trump citation.
Hasen wrote in the Wall Street Journal recently that "the United States Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit concluded last month than only a ‘tiny fraction' of voters are noncitizens and that there is no evidence it is a serious problem."
Sarah Pierce, an associate policy analyst of the U.S. Immigration Program at the Migration Policy Institute, said there are substantial legal deterrents that are in place to keep a noncitizen from voting.
First, it's a criminal offense to unlawfully vote in a federal election. Second, this offense is worthy of deportation, even without a conviction.
"Voting renders an individual permanently inadmissible — again, even without a conviction," Pierce said. "This means that if someone were to be found inadmissible for having voted, they could never return to the United States, even temporarily, no matter the circumstances.
Voter identification laws and regulations for registering to vote vary from state to state. In September, the Supreme Court blocked Kansas, Georgia and Alabama from requiring residents from proving they are a U.S. citizen while registering to vote, due to concerns that people who actually are citizens do not have paperwork readily available to prove it.
Our ruling
Trump said, "14 percent of noncitizens are registered to vote."
Trump is citing a study that has been refuted by the experts who actually gathered the underlying data. Trump's remark references an unreliable data point that uses a small sample size to represent an entire population.
We rate Trump's claim False.
https://www.sharethefacts.co/share/b00f8cd4-4d2f-4b4c-b351-8f8095ff385f
Verizon Wireless (NYSE:VZ) has agreed to swap AWS and PCS spectrum with T-Mobile US (NYSE:TMUS), according to an FCC document. Although neither company has made any announcement about Verizon selling its lower 700 MHz A Block spectrum T-Mobile, Verizon Communications CEO Lowell McAdam has said Verizon would be interested in a spectrum swap as part of a deal for the 700 MHz airwaves.
According to the FCC, which must clear the swap, Verizon and T-Mobile would exchange 10 to 20 MHz of AWS-1 spectrum in 285 counties across 59 Cellular Market Areas. As part of the AWS swaps, Verizon would assign 10 MHz of AWS spectrum to T-Mobile in 16 counties across four CMAs, and after the deal T-Mobile would hold 30 to 40 MHz of AWS-1 spectrum. Additionally, T-Mobile would assign 10 to 20 MHz of AWS spectrum to Verizon in 26 counties across nine CMAs, and after the deal Verizon hold 20 to 40 MHz of AWS-1 spectrum.
With regard to the PCS spectrum, the companies would exchange 5 to 20 MHz of PCS spectrum in 153 counties across 47 CMAs. In addition, in 11 counties across three CMAs in Texas, Verizon would assign 20 MHz of PCS spectrum to T-Mobile, and would receive 10 MHz of PCS spectrum in return. Finally, Verizon would assign 5 to 10 MHz of PCS spectrum to T-Mobile in an additional 34 counties across 13 CMAs.
The FCC said petitions to deny the swap are due Jan. 6, oppositions are due Jan. 16 and reply comments are due Jan. 24.
Verizon Wireless is nearing a deal to sell its 700 MHz A Block spectrum to T-Mobile according to a recent Bloomberg report. The report, which cited an unnamed person close to the deal, said that the deal could be announced as soon as this week.
Verizon executives in general have been open about their willingness to part with the A Block at the right price. Verizon paid $2.4 billion for its A Block licenses, and companies interested in buying the spectrum would likely need to pay that much if not more, according to analysts. The spectrum covers around 150 million POPs, according to the report.
T-Mobile raised $3.8 billion in debt and stock sales last month to increase its war chest for spectrum and is reportedly interested in Verizon's A Block spectrum holdings. In securities filings, T-Mobile has said it is interested in "opportunistically acquiring additional spectrum in private party transactions" and also that it wants low-band spectrum.
New Street Research analyst Jonathan Chaplin wrote in a research note that he does not think the spectrum swap is necessarily a precursor to a deal for Verizon's 700 MHz A Block spectrum, though he thinks T-Mobile might eventually give Verizon some AWS airwaves to get Verizon's spectrum. "The companies intend to swap hundreds of licenses but the net transfer of spectrum is relatively minor; as such, we believe the proposal is primarily intended to increase the amount of contiguous spectrum and better align spectrum blocks across their markets," he wrote. "We still think that TMUS may offer Verizon AWS spectrum as part of compensation for Verizon's 700MHz A-Block and we do not view this current swap as part of a potential 700MHz A-Block transaction."
Chaplin wrote that he thinks T-Mobile is still interested in Verizon's 700 MHz A-Block spectrum "and has excess AWS spectrum where Verizon needs it."
Assuming the swap gets approved, Chaplin wrote that Verizon would still have less than 40 MHz of spectrum across 95 million POPs in the top 100 markets (or 49 percent of POPs in the top 100 markets). Within these markets, he wrote, T-Mobile would have excess AWS spectrum covering 36 million POPs, or 38 percent of Verizon's gap.
For more:
- see this FCC document (PDF)
- see this PhoneScoop article
Related Articles:
Verizon reportedly close to 700 MHz A Block deal with T-Mobile
Verizon open to swapping spectrum for 700 MHz A Block
Report: AT&T vying with T-Mobile for Verizon's 700 MHz A Block spectrum
Report: T-Mobile approached Verizon about buying 700 MHz A Block spectrum
T-Mobile to sell $2B in debt to fund spectrum purchases
T-Mobile rules out H Block auction, willing to buy spectrum from 'a private party'
T-Mobile to raise $1.8B in stock sale, could use funds to buy spectrum
During a press conference on Tuesday, Senate Majority Leader Senator Chuck Schumer (D-NY) argued that FBI Director James Comey's firing doesn't appear to be a coincidence, and that without a special prosecutor into the Russia investigation, “every American will rightly suspect that the decision to fire Director Comey was part of a cover-up.”
Schumer began by wondering why, if the Trump administration objected to Comey's handling of the Clinton email investigation, they waited until today to fire him.
He later added, “This is part of a deeply troubling pattern from the Trump administration. They fired Sally Yates. They fired Preet Bharara. And now they've fired Director Comey, the very man leading the investigation. This does not seem to be a coincidence.”
Schumer also argued that if an independent special prosecutor is not appointed to handle the Russia investigation, “every American will rightly suspect that the decision to fire Director Comey was part of a cover-up.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MEHLVILLE, MO (KTVI) - Two Mehlville paramedics went way beyond the call of duty, Monday. They rushed man to a hospital then went back to his home. The man's neighbors and his family were amazed by what happened next.
The man had been on a ladder, cleaning the leaves from his roof and gutter. He broke his leg badly when he fell from the ladder.
For paramedics John Grass and Matt Runge, the job didn't end at the ER.
“Pretty much right after the call, we just decided since he was going to be out of commission for a while we'd go back grab our blower and a couple of rakes and just kind of help him out,” Grass said.
“He had a pretty bad injury. We thought ‘hey, let's go back there, finish the job, finish doing his leaves for him' and give him a little surprise when he came home,” said Runge.
So, the same two guys who'd just helped the man and his wife through their frightening emergency, came back clean up his leaves. Another off-duty firefighter happened to drive by: he pitched in, too.
“We ran out of bags. One of the off duty guys saw us working and brought over a tarp and trailer and made it easier; raked them up onto the tarp and made it a lot easier; just in time too, because we caught another call right when we were finishing up,” Grass said.
“We like to think we can build a fireman but we can't build that character that people just inherently have. These two gentlemen, they have that character,” said Mehlville Fire Protection District Chief, Brian Hendricks.
Grass and Runge were of the same mold of everyone else in the close to 130 member department, he said.
They were known for more than saving lives.
Along with raking residents' leaves, the staff has changed tires, shoveled snow, even visited an elderly woman simply because she was lonely.
“She lost her husband. She didn't have any family. She was sad. Off-duty they go up and they have lunch with her. It's just a testament to the caliber of people we have,” Hendricks said. “They don't do it for this sort of recognition.”
“It just seemed like the right thing to do,” Grass said.
A relative of the fall victim told FOX 2 the man and his wife wanted to maintain their privacy but also wanted to make sure the paramedics got some sort of recognition for going “above and beyond”.
After teasing the arrival of a new fitness product in the country, Xiaomi on Friday launched the Mi Band HRX Edition. The Chinese conglomerate has partnered with HRX by Hrithik Roshan to offer this new fitness band, and it essentially is an adaptation of the Mi Band 2. The Mi Band HRX Edition will be available from September 18 on Mi.com,and Mi Home offline stores. It will also be sold on Myntra, Flipkart, and Amazon starting September 20.
The Mi Band HRX Edition is priced at Rs. 1,299, slightly less expensive than the Mi Band 2. It sports an OLED display that shows the time, and also shows the steps, distance covered, and calories burnt. It has an improved pedometer for more accuracy in steps and exercise measurement, and also alerts you if you have been idle for too long. The Mi Band HRX Edition will remind you to take short walks and water breaks at regular intervals. Furthermore, it also calculates your sleep, is splash resistant, sends calls and notification alerts, and unlocks your paired Android smartphone without the need to put in a passcode or fingerprint as well.
The Mi Band HRX Edition has support for Bluetooth 4.0 and is rated to offer 23 days of battery life as well. Just to compare, the Mi Band 2 is rated to offer 20 days of battery life, and is priced at Rs. 1,999. The Mi Band HRX Edition looks similar to the Mi Band 2 with respect to design, except for the additional HRX logo now embedded on the strap. It's important to note that the HRX Edition does not have a heart rate monitor though - something the Mi Band 2 does.
Xiaomi Vice President and India Managing Director Manu Jain told PTI, "Indians are becoming more fitness conscious and this category is at an extremely dynamic stage. The Mi Band is a great fit in the category as reflected by the great response received for the Mi Band 2. This is not an endorsement deal, it's a partnership for a new device. Hrithik provided inputs on features can be incorporated to make the product more relevant."
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says he is appalled by Israeli attacks on a UN compound in Gaza after seeing the destruction for himself. Mr Ban said that those responsible should be held accountable and demanded a "full investigation" through proper judiciary systems. He was speaking in front of the smouldering remains of the UN food warehouse destroyed by Israeli shells. He said he would do all he could to help the population of Gaza. Mr Ban is the first international leader to visit Gaza for several years, entering through the Israeli-controlled Erez crossing and driving through the bomb-damaged northern suburbs to Gaza City. He later visited the southern Israeli town of Sderot, which has been one of the main targets of Palestinian rocket attacks in recent years. He described the rockets as indiscriminate weapons and said the attacks by Hamas are violations of basic humanitarian law. However, he also called on Israel to end its blockade of Gaza, saying the embargo only strengthens Hamas by fuelling desperation in the impoverished enclave. 'Outrageous attack' Appearing stern and at times angry, Mr Ban called the attack on the compound "outrageous" and demanded guarantees that it would never happen again. "I have protested many times. I am today protesting again in the strongest terms. I have asked (for a) full investigation and (to) make those responsible people accountable," he said. "I am just appalled. I am not able to describe how I am feeling. This was an outrageous and totally unacceptable attack against the United Nations." CONFLICT IN FIGURES More than 1,300 Palestinians killed Thirteen Israelis killed More than 4,000 buildings destroyed in Gaza, more than 20,000 severely damaged 50,000 Gazans homeless and 400,000 without running water
In depth: Gaza conflict Q&A: Gaza conflict Who are Hamas? Middle East conflict: History in maps Israeli shells hit the UN headquarters as well as two UN schools during the recent three-week offensive. The headquarters were badly damaged and nearly 40 people were killed near one of the schools. Israel said militants used the UN buildings as cover to launch attacks, but the military has launched its own investigation. As Mr Ban viewed the damage, Hamas held a victory rally near the destroyed parliament building in Gaza City. The BBC's Aleem Maqbool, in Gaza City, says the turnout was low, an indication perhaps that Gaza's population is struggling to see how any side can consider this a victory. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement Thousands homeless Thousands of Gazans have been left homeless by the Israeli offensive and Palestinian officials warned it could cost $1.9bn to rebuild the territory. Israeli troops are expected to complete their pull-out later, if the current ceasefire holds. Israeli political sources say the military aims to have withdrawn before Barack Obama's inauguration as US president at 1700 GMT. But there have been several violent incidents during the day. The Israeli navy fired shells into Gaza in what it called a deterrent measure, and reports claimed that a mortar shell was later fired into Israel from Gaza. Two children were killed near Gaza City in an explosion of ordnance left behind by the Israeli army, according to Palestinian medical officials. And in the West Bank, an Israeli man was shot and seriously wounded while driving near the Kochav Hashachar settlement. A previously unknown group calling itself the al-Bashair Army told the Palestinian news agency, Maan, it had carried out the attack. Earlier, the UN's top humanitarian official, John Holmes, said hundreds of millions of dollars of aid would be needed immediately to help Gaza's 1.4 million people. GAZA LATEST
In pictures: Devastation in Gaza New Israel phosphorus accusation Gaza doctor's loss grips Israelis Agencies rush aid to Gaza Strip While 100,000 people had their water supply restored on Sunday, 400,000 still had no water, he said. Separately, the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics estimated that the overall physical damage so far amounted to about $1.9bn (£1.4bn). The UN has asked Israel to open Gaza's borders to allow in construction materials, but so far only basic humanitarian supplies have been let in. Meanwhile, Arab foreign ministers meeting in Kuwait have failed to issue a statement on the Gaza situation because they disagreed over who was to blame for the conflict. Egypt said Hamas had invited the attacks, while Syria said Israel should be declared a terrorist entity. Palestinian medical sources say at least 1,300 Palestinians were killed, nearly a third of them children, and 5,500 injured during the conflict. Thirteen Israelis, including three civilians, were killed.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Three North Korean MiG-19 fighters have crashed this year, leading to the suspension of flight drills involving the aircraft, South Korea's military sources said Wednesday.
The supersonic MiG-19 aircraft is a Soviet second-generation fighter developed in 1953. Some 400 MiG variants are still in service in the communist North, accounting for about half of its fighters.
"At least three of the MiG-19s crashed during training missions -- one earlier this year, the others last month and earlier this month -- apparently due to their aged fuselages," a source said, declining to be identified.
"In the latest case, the plane crashed right after taking off at the North's air base in Goksan, Pyongan Province, which led Pyongyang to stop drills involving the model," he added.
Other details about the accidents, including casualties, were not available.
It is "far from unusual for North Korea's fighters as well as military choppers to crash," another source said, noting frequent accidents "are partly behind its leader Kim Jong-un's inspection tours to the air force units this year."
In May, the young leader of the communist country visited the Korean People's Army's Air and Anti-Air Force Unit 447, presumed to be located in South Pyongan Province.
"The series of visits to the air force units or events seems to be aimed at not only countering the annual joint Max Thunder air drills between South Korea and the United States in April, but to encourage airmen demoralized by crash accidents," the source added. (Yonhap)
Industry leader rooted in smart new innovations.
How far would you be willing to go to remain a leader in your field?
For PepsiCo, anticipating and staying ahead of changing consumer demands for healthier and great tasting products is an unwavering commitment.
Remaining a food and beverage powerhouse takes investments to expand research, engineering, science capabilities, and new technologies to understand consumer preferences and develop high-quality, great-tasting products that consumers trust.
Sometimes it takes going to the “ends of the Earth.”
Traveling to highly bio-diverse areas like the forests and jungles of Brazil, Peru, Malaysia, China, and Taiwan, PepsiCo is discovering indigenous ingredients, thousand-year-old recipes, and their possible applications in new and existing products.
For example, visits to local markets in these regions have allowed PepsiCo to find ingredients like exotic antioxidant grape-like fruits, ruby-red yumberries and ginseng, betel nuts, seaweed, and sweet tropical longans, and allowed the company to observe how they are being incorporated into regional cooking. These insights and discoveries help PepsiCo anticipate, rather than react to, an ever-changing consumer landscape. It's all part of a longer-term PepsiCo plan to broaden its portfolio through science-based research and development.
During the last three years, PepsiCo's investments in R&D increased by an impressive 25%. And research and development facilities in the United States, United Kingdom, Shanghai, Germany and Mexico — to name a few — are engines of innovation, driving topline growth. The new Shanghai location, the largest outside of North America, serves as a hub for new food and beverage products, flavors, packaging, and equipment throughout Asia.
PepsiCo eliminated approximately 402,000 metric tons of added sugar from its beverage portfolio in North America in 2013 as compared to 2006, and has introduced low- and zero-calorie beverages to that end.
The investments in science-based R&D are paying dividends. In the United States, PepsiCo has debuted nine of the top 50 new food and beverage products across all measured U.S. retail channels in 2013. They are Mountain Dew Kickstart, made with 5% real fruit juice; Starbucks ready-to-drink Iced Coffee; Tropicana Farmstand beverage that's 100% juice, which includes one serving of fruit plus one serving of vegetable per 8 oz. serving; the fresh-brewed Lipton Pure Leaf Tea; Muller Quaker Greek-style yogurt; Tostitos Cantina Tortilla Chips, Doritos Locos Taco Chips, Ruffles MAX, and Cheetos Mix-Ups.
Work on science-based strategies includes a focus on enhanced consumer experiences and preference drivers such as taste, texture, aroma, and convenience.
“There are a lot of clues that nature gives you,” says Dr. Mehmood Khan, executive vice president of PepsiCo and chief scientific officer, who oversees the food and beverage company's global R&D organization. “What's interesting to me in the past couple of years is the merging of biology and chemistry and analytical technology that has opened up more applications with the potential to create more new products in our innovation pipeline. It's exciting.” He likens the rapid-fire changes underway to the difference between black and white or color TV and high-definition technology: “We can see things now we didn't see a year ago because the technology wasn't available.”
Less Is More
For decades, consumers generally only cared about taste and price. Now better informed, they want to know about the sustainability of a product and its packaging; where and how an ingredient is sourced; exactly what is in a product, and how it fits their specific functional needs. Not only do they want more information from manufacturers producing their foods and beverages, but consumers are also more inclined than ever before to share information and recommendations with each other. And they also expect those products to remain affordable and taste great.
PepsiCo's science-based R&D capabilities are helping the company anticipate and meet the consumer needs on a global scale. For example, PepsiCo eliminated approximately 402,000 metric tons of added sugar from its beverage portfolio in North America in 2013 as compared to 2006, and has introduced low- and zero-calorie beverages to that end.
Within the same timeframe, nearly 3,900 metric tons of sodium was removed from PepsiCo's food portfolio, and the company continues to invest in new technologies and recipes that even further reduce salt levels.
Working with scientific and technology partners to create, what R&D calls a more efficient salt, PepsiCo R&D scientists recently discovered how the size and shape of salt actually affects taste perception. A couple of years ago at a forum, says Dr. Khan, “we taught medium-to-small companies some of this technology so they could utilize it in their products. We believe it was good for the industry to adopt some of this as well.” Of course, it was also good for the consumer.
The Transformation Journey
How did this transformation happen? PepsiCo recruited scientific talent and a leadership team with backgrounds and credentials that were unusual for a traditional food and beverage company. Experts hailed from disciplines such as agronomy, exercise physiology, endocrinology, metabolomics, and rheology, among others. Dr. Khan was previously a faculty member at the Mayo Clinic serving as director of the Diabetes, Endocrine, and Nutritional Trials unit, and oversaw worldwide R&D efforts at the Takeda Pharmaceutical Company as the president of the Takeda Global Research & Development Center.
With the transformation, a message of commitment was sent to the industry regarding their new approach to product development, innovation, deep consumer insights, and product design.
The R&D team is combing remote regions like the Amazon in South America and parts of Asia and even Iceland, both on land and in the sea. The mission? To find various indigenous plants that are inherently sweet or salty, have fatty characteristics, are naturally sourced preservatives and could be useful in many product categories. According to Dr. Khan, PepsiCo has not only taken the lead in the industry in finding ways to reduce salt and fats, introduced lower-sugar orange juice, uncovered new oat-based benefits for consumers, and delivered high-protein beverages, it was also one of the first companies to come out with high-intensity, non-nutritive natural sweeteners like Stevia in its beverages. Part of that, Dr. Khan says, was a direct result of the global trekking PepsiCo is doing. “We're finding other ingredients similar to Stevia that we believe might unlock further great-tasting products in the future.”
With more than 5,000 different species and plants R&D looks at on a yearly basis, PepsiCo has at its disposal digitized tasting technology, which was first used by the pharmaceutical industry for new product discovery. Says Dr. Khan, “once we discover a plant, we can ‘fractionate' it in order to look at it a little more closely; each one of those fractions has eight to ten natural flavor ingredients. Then as we drill down, our screening technology will tell us if an ingredient is inherently sweet, salty, fatty, or could be used for another purpose such as preservatives or energy applications.” Incorporating taste biology and sensory biology, the technology is helping to decipher hundreds of thousands of molecules to go further into human tasting applications along the road to yielding a new product. The now-efficient process “once took a month by former means and now actually takes a day,” says Dr. Khan.
“When we go out into the field, we have high, rapid analytical methods where we can actually see inside the plants or molecules and send that information directly to a cloud and central database in New York,” he says, referring to a technology that has only been in place for the last two years. “The final piece is our sensory science, where once we narrow it down to a few molecules that have been validated for tasting going through our protocols, we have R&D experts that can say ‘yes, this is sweet or salty or fatty and can be used in our offerings.' That methodology,” says Dr. Khan, “is PepsiCo's newest. Because these ingredients are so new, we need new methodologies just to evaluate them. It's not like evaluating vanilla extract, because some of these things represent the first time humans are actually tasting these ingredients.” Or, he says, they were only used previously in ancient recipes and “it's the first time we brought it back to the United States to be able to taste. The whole idea is, of course, to ultimately explore how we can use these ingredients in potential new products that have a tangible consumer benefit.”
Another strategy has included PepsiCo's collaboration with chefs both in the United States and globally who, for example, might prepare desserts that, while sweet, are made without sugar. “We recently held an exposition at the Culinary Institute of America in Napa, California, and as a result our internal PepsiCo chefs recreated the same dishes these chefs did in order to capture the flavor ingredients before, during, and after the cooking and plating process. The idea was to identify what they are and apply them to different snacks, beverages, and foods. “This,” says Dr. Khan, “is a way for us to explore ways to get these flavorful ingredients into products, and offer more uniqueness and realistic flavor in seasonings for a snack chip.” These insights also help PepsiCo continue to expand its nutrition business, which represented approximately 20 percent of its net revenue in 2013. It's a portfolio of good-for-you offerings that include drinkable oats with dairy, 100 percent juice, yogurt, humus and protein shakes to name a few.
A Global Focus
As R&D helps to drive PepsiCo's business with state-of-the-art technology, its solutions are offering more consumers enjoyable and nutritious food and beverage options, while making them available to more places across the globe. What tastes great to an American consumer may not be what folks in China or India would choose to eat or drink. To that end, PepsiCo adapts different global brands with products customized for specific markets. Two culturally relevant examples are Tropicana Frutz Sparkling Drink in the Middle East and Quaker Inner Smile in China, a dairy and oat beverage. Likewise, the company's iconic potato chip offerings worldwide are customized to suit local palates—from Walkers Pickled Onion crisps in England and MAXX seafood-flavored chips in Thailand to shrimp-flavored chips in Egypt and salad chips in China. Without reinventing the wheel, PepsiCo is able to leverage its global scale by creating the opportunity for great ideas to be adapted from one market to another across the world; efficiencies that allow the company to further invest in innovation that ultimately benefits the consumer worldwide.
For a company that began 50 years ago, PepsiCo has successfully transformed itself into a global and diversified organization, with a portfolio providing a considerable range of food and beverages around the world. As it grows and continues to innovate, PepsiCo also remains committed to offering consumers everywhere more choice and better nutrition to meet and exceed their needs while it works to minimize its environmental impact. PepsiCo's stated mission of “performance with purpose” not only fuels its growth but allows the industry leader to stay ahead of trends as it helps to sustainably shape the world in which it operates.
For more information, visit pepsico.com .
First it was the hawklet adopted by bald eagles. Then it was the lioness nursing the leopard cub. And now in the latest example of interspecies care, there's video of a cardinal feeding goldfish.
Originally posted on YouTube in 2010, the footage shows the red bird hopping alongside a goldfish pond, then dropping what appears to be seeds into their waiting mouths.
According to the caption with the video, the cardinal would come back to the pond as many as six times a day to feed the fish. (Explore National Geographic's backyard bird identifier.)
Why would a bird feed an entirely different species? Princeton biologist Christina Riehl has a few ideas.
“My best guess is that the appearance of the goldfish's open mouth at the surface of the water is just similar enough in size and shape to the open mouth of a baby bird that it triggers the instinct in the adult bird to provide food to it,” says Riehl.
Nestlings tend to have vibrantly colored mouths, often bright red and yellow. This acts like a bull's-eye for the parents—a visual cue that says “Feed me here!”
“It's an amazing demonstration of how simple stimuli can trigger very hardwired behaviors, even in situations that seem obviously wrong to us,” she says.
Happy for the Handouts
While the confused cardinal may make for an amusing video, “a cardinal feeding goldfish is certainly wasting its time, biologically speaking,” says Riehl. “Especially if the cardinal is feeding goldfish instead of feeding its own young.”
But from the fish's perspective, it's probably happy to accept a free meal, says Kevin Roche, a biologist at the Czech Academy of Sciences.
Roche says that carp—the fish family to which goldfish belong—are intelligent, and can remember areas where food is abundant or regularly provided. (Read about a three-pound goldfish caught in Detroit.)
While they may look dopey gulping at the surface of the water, it has a purpose: To suck down insects and other prey as well as acquire more oxygen.
The cardinal-feeding-goldfish video is not the first record of this kind of behavior.
Robert Mulvihill, an ornithologist at the National Aviary in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, says that the LIFE Nature Library books from the 1960s ran a black-and-white photograph of a cardinal feeding a goldfish.
As in the 2010 video, “the explanation, as best I can recall, was that it represented redirected parental feeding behavior, perhaps on the part of a bird that recently had lost its own brood,” says Mulvihill.
Duck, Duck, Goldfish
Why Is This Swan Feeding Koi?
Riehl isn't so sure. She says that newborn cardinal chicks are altricial, which means they're naked, blind, and reliant on their parents for everything.
But most waterfowl young are precocial, which means they're fluffy, open-eyed, and capable of leaving the nest soon after hatching.
So, in theory, waterfowl shouldn't react to a begging mouth the same way the cardinal does.
J. Dale James, director of conservation science and planning for Ducks Unlimited, seems to agree.
“Both the swans and the duckling look to me to be in a captive type of environment,” says James.
In memory of John Lennon, why 'Imagine' is a terrible idea
By Alexandra Petri
I love John Lennon. He was always my favorite Beatle. My mother loves Paul, and I know J.K. Rowling's favorite is George, and that awful girl in 500 Days of Summer preferred Ringo, but I've always enjoyed John. He's responsible for my favorite Beatles song -- In My Life -- along with countless others, and I'm always sad to think of all the other music he would have been able to keep enchanting the world with had he survived Mark David Chapman's bullet.
But as it is, I think I'm obligated to make this point: "Imagine" terrifies me. If you just allow yourself to be lulled into a false sense of security by the piano part, you might think it's some sort of song about world peace and justice. But listen to the lyrics, and you're plunged into a dystopic nightmare.
Whenever I hear it, I actually indulge in the imaginings John suggests, and by the time it is over, I am cowering in terror behind a rock snarling at passersby. I don't know if it produces this effect on you, but let me explain, lyric by lyric.
Imagine there's no heaven
It's easy if you try
No hell below us
Above us only sky
For millennia, most great thinkers have maintained that a looming lifelong concern about a pleasant or unpleasant fate in the afterlife is one of the few threads holding civilization together. Voltaire said that "If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him." I hate to argue with Voltaire.
Imagine all the people
Living for today...
If we were actually living for today, without the threat of some sort of supernal reward or punishment, we would in most cases be running around looting and pillaging and finally telling Old Mrs. Feeny next door what we really think of her and her twenty-six cats. There would be a lot of orgies. Nobody would hold doors for anyone.
When the world inevitably failed to end, everyone would be disappointed, and when we ran into people we'd met at End-of-the-World orgies, it would be awkward.
Imagine there are no countries
It isn't hard to do
Are you sure, John? Countries are widely viewed as a fairly logical way of organizing space into chunks of people who (in most cases) share a common language, governing system, popular culture, and some sort of general enthusiasm for the place in which they live. So, all right, I'm imagining life without countries. But without countries, are we just sort of wandering around en masse? How are we organized? Has the whole Earth decided on some sort of one-state solution, some Pan-Continental World Order? This doesn't seem like something John would advocate.
I can only assume that the reason there aren't countries is because, say, a giant icemass has overwhelmed an entire continent and we have reverted to a herd mentality.
Nothing to kill or die for
And no religion, too
Hopefully "Nothing to kill or die for" refers to "no countries," but in case it doesn't, that knocks out pretty much everything that is worthwhile and beautiful in this world.
That's the difficulty with this song -- by eliminating everything that has caused controversy and violence in the past, you wind up without anything worth having.
And -- maybe this is wildly controversial -- but I hear some people, well, like religion. It's a source of hope. It's a way of explaining your relationship with the cosmos. And most religions tend to agree, at least in public at summits about The Fundamental Similarity of All Religions, that deep down they do not mean to encourage violence against non-believers or "heathens," in spite of what it says in the book of Jeremiah and all that awkwardness in the Middle Ages.
Imagine all the people
Living life in peace...
I have difficulty picturing people doing this after all the above, since pretty much everything just eliminated is something that keeps people in states of relative peace at most times.
You may say I'm a dreamer
But I'm not the only one
I hope someday you'll join us
And the world will be as one
The phrase I was actually planning on applying to John Lennon in light of this was not "dreamer," although it did end with "er" and implied his mind was in an altered state. However, even if everyone joined him and followed this example, I don't think we would wind up at peace. For every John Lennon and Yoko Ono who sit around peacefully playing the tambourine, making tea, and singing about giving peace a chance, there is a Hunter S. Thompson who has ingested roughly the same substances and is off stealing someone's Cadillac and assaulting a police officer.
Imagine no possessions
I wonder if you can
Oh, I can. But I will miss my elaborate collection of ceramic celery.
No need for greed or hunger
Wait, hold up a second. I got through the no possessions part, but I'm not certain how you go from having no possessions to having no greed or hunger? I think that's the opposite of how these things are generally viewed as working.
So in order for this to work, we must be sharing everything. But who is working to provide food? Who is organizing the sharing? Are we all on some sort of commune?
Or are we back to my original explanation, where a giant ice floe has covered most of North America, and we have just hunted down an elk using the communal spear, which I think works so far.
A brotherhood of man
At this point in the song I think I am naked and starving on a frozen steppe somewhere, and now I am waiting in line to use the communal shower.
Imagine all the people
Sharing all the world...
I want to mention the Tragedy of the Commons, but I am too faint from inability to hunt, and somebody else already gathered all the low-hanging fruit.
You may say I'm a dreamer
But I'm not the only one
I hope someday you'll join us
And the world will live as one
Yes, you're a dreamer! What about capitalism? What about the economy? What about --
Still, I hope you're not the only one.
Oscar Wilde said a cynic was someone who knew the price of everything but the value of nothing. John Lennon seemed to understand the value of everything. He was wise enough to know that cynicism is not the price of intelligence. I miss him, and I wish there were more people like him.
But I wish he'd come up with different lyrics.
The Hit King was impressed. Three time zones away in Las Vegas, Pete Rose watched all nine innings as the newest member of the 3,000th-hit club — of his club — put on a show this weekend.
Rose has only met Derek Jeter once, at an autograph show years ago, but he watches and admires him from afar. No one, including Jeter himself, thinks the Yankee captain will challenge his all-time hit record.
But Rose? He wants to see Jeter try. He said if anybody had to break a record that he spent his entire career chasing, it might as well be someone who approaches the game the same way he did.
“We're happy to have him in the 3,000-hit club,” Rose said in a phone interview with The Star-Ledger last night. “I just hope I live long enough to welcome him into the 4,000-hit club someday.”
This, of course, is the new reality for Jeter. He invested so much energy in reaching 3,000 hits, admitting that he felt tremendous pressure to get the milestone hit at home, but he'll soon discover that people don't stop counting. Now everyone will want to know how high he can go.
Jeter is 37, a week younger than Rose was when he cracked 3,000. The game has changed in 3,000 ways since then, but the man at the top isn't ruling out a run into his territory.
“You never know,” said Rose, who batted .302 the year he joined the club. “He's at the same age I was when I got my 3,000th hit. I was pretty fortunate to play a long time after that and had some pretty good years. I hope he's not slowing down. He'll just keep going up the ladder.
“It will be tough for him to get 4,000 hits,” he said. “It was tough for me. But once you get on the side where you can see the light at the end of the tunnel, it's not as tough as you think.”
Rose is just being nice. It is every bit as tough as you think, and a glance at the bottom-heavy 3,000-hit club is evidence of that. Jeter already passed one member, Roberto Clemente, with his 3,001st hit. He'll pass two more, Al Kaline and Wade Boggs, soon after the All-Star break, and likely another five members before the season ends.
So Jeter will move into the top 20 in a hurry. Passing Rose is something else entirely. He is 1,253 hits away. That is a career in itself, and the idea that Jeter would play well into his 40s — and maybe for another team — just to climb to the top of this list is unthinkable.
He doesn't need this record to define his career the way it did — and still does — for Rose. Rose spends 15 days a month in Las Vegas at Mandalay Place now, signing autographs and talking to fans who still feel a connection to the man who spent 22 years chasing down Ty Cobb.
His website, PeteRose.com, has a photo of him from the day he broke Cobb's record in 1985, tipping his batting helmet and pointing to the fans. Rose is defined by a number — 4,256 — the way few in the sport's history are.
“I never retired and that's because of guys like Jeter,” Rose said, “because if he gets to 4,257, I'm coming back to get one more hit!”
He laughed, which is easy to do for the man at the top. Rose, now 70, follows baseball as closely as anyone, so he knows his number is probably safe — not just from Jeter, but for eternity.
Just reaching 3,000 hits will become a rarity in a sport that now puts an emphasis on long at-bats and reaching base. Four-thousand? That'll look like Cy Young's 511 pitching wins someday.
Jeter was asked about the possibility before he even reached 3,000 and started to do the math.
“You talk about 200 hits (in a season), you'd have to have another five years to get that extra 1,000,” he said. “You're talking about a long, long time. I'm not going to say never, but it's not something on my mind.”
Rose, for one, hopes Jeter changes his mind. The man exiled from baseball for betting on the game has plenty in common with the Yankees' poster boy, from the desire to play every day, to the respect from his teammates, to the focus on winning above everything else.
And, of course, the one thing that links them more than anything else: Getting hits. Jeter may never chase down Rose, but no matter what, he has an admirer in the man at the top of this list.
“I would love to talk to him because his philosophy is the same as mine, and it's a very simple philosophy,” the Hit King said. “See the ball and hit the damn thing.”
Steve Politi: spoliti@starledger.com; Twitter.com/StevePoliti
Despite its original plans, developer Bethesda will no longer be bringing support for mods to the PS4 version of Fallout 4 or the upcoming remastered version of Skyrim. "After months of discussion with Sony, we regret to say that while we have long been ready to offer mod support on PlayStation 4, Sony has informed us they will not approve user mods the way they should work: where users can do anything they want for either Fallout 4 or Skyrim Special Edition," Bethesda says.
Official modding tools first launched for the PC version of Fallout 4 back in April and came to the Xbox One in May. Mods for console games aren't typical, but Bethesda felt they were an integral part of the Fallout experience, helping to extend the life of the post-apocalyptic game with user-created content. "Our goal was to make mods easier and more accessible than ever before, for both the creators and the players," the developer said at the time. PS4 support was originally planned for June.
While for the time being the PS4 won't be getting mod support for Bethesda games, the developer says it's open to do so in the future should Sony change its mind. "We consider this an important initiative and we hope to find other ways user mods can be available for our PlayStation audience," says Bethesda. "However, until Sony will allow us to offer proper mod support for PS4, that content for Fallout 4 and Skyrim on PlayStation 4 will not be available."
SAN FRANCISCO - Reddit and Google are taking a tougher stance against nudity to prevent their services from turning into online peep shows.
Social-networking and news site Reddit says it will remove photos, videos and links with explicit content if the person in the image hasn't given permission for it to be posted. Google Inc., the Internet's most powerful company, is going to ban most nude photos and video from publicly accessible sites on its popular Blogger service.
The crackdown marks a shift in attitude for two services that have traditionally been freewheeling forums where users could literally let it all hang out. The lax approach has opened the door for nude and sexually explicit photos and video to be posted on Reddit and Blogger, even if the subjects featured in the images intended them to remain private.
Until now, Reddit has had a hands-off approach to privacy, largely allowing its 160 million users to police their own forums within certain guidelines such as no child pornography or spam. The change comes about six months after hackers obtained nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence and other celebrities and posted them to social media sites including Reddit and Twitter.
Without specifically calling out Reddit or Twitter, Lawrence lashed out at the sites that permitted nude photos to be posted of her. She likened the unauthorized use of photos of her body as a "sex crime."
A Tuesday posting signed by Reddit interim CEO Ellen Pao and other company executives said the shift is an effort to help grow the site "for the next 10 years and beyond." Effective March 10, Reddit will prohibit any photograph, video or digital image of a person who is nude or engaged in a sexual act if the subject hasn't given permission for it to be used. Anyone who wants an image of themselves removed from the site can email [email protected]
Reddit, which was spun off from Conde Nast's Wired Digital in 2012, announced its new policy on the opening day of a high-profile trial airing Pao's allegations that she was a victim of sexual discrimination while working as a junior partner at one of Silicon Valley's best-known venture capital firms, Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers. Pao is seeking $16 million in damages. Kleiner Perkins has denied the allegations.
Google's Blogger service is giving its users until March 23 to delete sexually explicit or "graphic nude" images from their sites. If they don't, their sites will be switched to private mode to restrict access to the owner of the blog and those that have received an invitation to visit it. Effective March 23, Blogger will no longer allow most nude photos to be posted on anything other than a private site. The only exceptions will be for special circumstances, such as nudity depicted in "artistic, educational, documentary, or scientific contexts," according to an explanation on Blogger's site.
Social media sites have varying policies on nudity. Facebook prohibits images containing nudity altogether. Twitter doesn't mediate legal content but recommends that content with nudity or violence be marked as sensitive. It also lets users flag questionable content for review.
___
AP Technology Writer Mae Anderson in New York contributed to this story.
On Thursday, I came here outside Dallas for a Tea Party rally.
At first I thought, “Wow! This is much more diverse than the rallies I've seen on television.”
Then I realized that I was looking at stadium workers. I should have figured as much when I approached the gate. The greeter had asked, “Are you working tonight?”
I sat in the front row. But when the emcee asked, “Do we have any infiltrators?” and I almost raised my hand, I realized that sitting there might not be such a good idea.
I had specifically come to this rally because it was supposed to be especially diverse. And, on the stage at least, it was. The speakers included a black doctor who bashed Democrats for crying racism, a Hispanic immigrant who said that she had never received a single government entitlement and a Vietnamese immigrant who said that the Tea Party leader was God. It felt like a bizarre spoof of a 1980s Benetton ad.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The juxtaposition was striking: an abundance of diversity on the stage and a dearth of it in the crowd, with the exception of a few minorities like the young black man who carried a sign that read “Quit calling me a racist.”
They saved the best for last, however: Alfonzo “Zo” Rachel. According to his Web site, Zo, who is black and performs skits as “Zo-bama,” allowed drugs to cost him “his graduation.” Before ripping into the president for unconstitutional behavior, he cautioned, “I don't have the education that our president has, so if I misinterpret some things in the founding documents I kind of have an excuse.” That was the understatement of the evening.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Rick Santorum now has to fight two Goliaths -- the well-financed Mitt Romney and the inconceivably loaded Sheldon Adelson, the billionaire backing Newt Gingrich who has decided to take Santorum out. Romney has already spent 20 times the money Santorum has on ads in Michigan. Now Adelson is considering another $10 million donation to aid Gingrich to do that, The Wall Street Journal's Alicia Mundy and Alexandra Berzon report. Adelson isn't switching sides to Romney, they write, but he'd rather the former Massachusetts governor be the nominee than Santorum, whose social conservatism he doesn't like. That fact should make for nice fodder for Santorum's little-crusade-that-could narrative.
Like Gingrich, Santorum apparently thinks complaining about being attacked by Romney and his super PAC is a winning issue, but unlike Gingrich, he's not quite so whiney about it. Santorum has a new ad in Michigan in which a Romney lookalike tries to mow down a cardboard cutout of Santorum with a machine gun loaded with mud, Politico's Mike Allen reports. Romney was asked about the ad on Fox News Wednesday morning -- and forced to watch it in split screen. He replied, "My campaign hasn't run any negative ads against Rick Santorum." Which is true, technically, as The Hill's Christian Heinze points out, but Romney's super PAC sure has.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
If history has proved one thing with professional football, it's that no other entity has been able to compete with the NFL. Over the years, leagues like the USFL and the XFL have tried, but they both eventually went down in flames.
That's why Don Yee, the agent of Patriots quarterbacks Tom Brady, has decided to try something new. Yee and several partners announced Wednesday that they'll be launching the Pacific Pro Football League sometime in the next 12 months.
The catch with this league is that it won't be competing with the NFL for players. It will be going after college players who aren't yet eligible to play in the NFL. For a college player to move on to the NFL, they have to be at least three years removed from high school.
Due to that rule, a college player really has no other options if he wants to play football during what would be his freshman, sophomore or junior year. However, Yee's new league will give these players an alternative to college football, and the thing that might entice potential players the most is that the new league will pay them.
The plan behind the new league is to launch in the summer of 2018 with four teams based in Southern California. Each of those four teams would play eight games on Sundays through July and August. The teams would also have roughly 50 players on their roster.
According to the league, players would make an average salary of roughly $50,000 and they would be able to train and practice year round, which players can't do in college due to NCAA rules that limit practice time.
"Pac Pro Football players will be paid as professionals, treated as professionals, and trained as professionals," Yee said in a statement. "Our players will be taught how to be better at their craft, and how to understand and execute their responsibilities as professionals. Professional football is a different game than amateur football, and Pac Pro players will learn and practice those techniques. Better trained players will lead to a better product, and thus, higher quality football players."
Yee also added that the players in his new league will have a chance to further their education because the new league will pay for one year of school at a local community college.
"Pac Pro's concept of 'education' is expansive," Yee said. "Every team will have a counselor to help players develop their interests academically and/or vocationally, and assist with coordinating meaningful internships in their fields of interest."
One of the biggest hurdles when it comes to launching a new football league is cost. It's not cheap to pay for equipment, insurance or to pay players and coaches a salary.
According to Yee, the league will be funded the same way that an internet startup gets funded: With angel investors.
In a statement, the league said that it closed its angel round of financing and has commenced discussions with content distributors, sponsors, facilities, and local political leaders.
To help get the league off the ground, the PPFL has put together an advisory board that includes two-time Super Bowl-winning coach Mike Shanahan, former NFL senior vice president Jim Steeg, former NFL VP of officiating Mike Pereira and ESPN reporter Adam Schefter.
Editor's note: This is one of five profiles of finalists for NVIDIA's 2017 Global Impact Award, which provides $150,000 to researchers using NVIDIA technology for groundbreaking work that addresses social, humanitarian and environmental problems.
Another futuristic gadget from the world of Star Trek fantasy is a big step closer to becoming reality thanks to pioneering computer vision and prosthetics work by researchers at the University of Oxford.
In the sci-fi show, a blind character wears a VISOR, a device that wraps over his eyes and lets him “see.” Oxford professor Philip Torr, colleague Stephen Hicks and a team of researchers is helping the partially sighted achieve something similar — and potentially transforming how they interact with the world around them.
With 285 million people around the globe affected by impaired vision, per World Health Organization figures, the stakes are high.
The Oxford team's “visor” is powered by advanced computer vision techniques that use GPUs to process camera images of a user's environment. These images are then transformed into a visualization, and made available through the lenses of a pair of glasses the team has developed.
The effort has placed the team among five finalists for NVIDIA's 2017 Global Impact Award. Our annual grant of $150,000 is given to researchers using NVIDIA technology for groundbreaking work that addresses social, humanitarian and environmental problems.
Creating a Visual Map
Scanning a new environment, such as a room, is easy for a person of normal vision. One's eyes intuitively record the boundaries, note major objects and form a visual map before picking out smaller details.
Such a map is much harder for the visually impaired to construct. There's little visual information to go on, which can limit their independence and freedom.
“Computer vision offers many opportunities to improve on how someone participates in their everyday environment,” said Torr, who, as a child, was fascinated by robots and artificial intelligence. It also poses many challenges because of high compute needs.
A key aspect to a successful visual prosthetic is allowing users to quickly identify and locate relevant objects that they encounter — to create a visual map. This requires vast amounts of computation to optimize the large number of parameters found in a given setting. To perform this training, the Oxford team focused on efficiently processing data in parallel.
“GPUs are the mainstay of what we've been using,” Torr said, who led the computer vision work using an NVIDIA TITAN X. “The GPU architecture and parallel processing are essential for computer vision work. We use the CUDA framework, while developer support allows a lot of the coding we do.”
Smart Glasses
Integrating computer vision abilities into visual prosthetics is also daunting.
For a user to wear a headset or glasses in an everyday environment, the visual prosthetic must be mobile and lightweight while operating complex algorithms in real time. NVIDIA Tegra GPUs contribute most of the computer power in the team's prototypes.
Oxford's Hicks, whose team focuses on visual prosthetics, developed so-called smart glasses for visual impairment. Results from a recently completed U.K.-wide trial of 300 registered blind individual using the glasses were life-changing for some. Up to 30 percent of participants found an immediate significant boost in their ability to see objects. See Hick's Ted talk, here.
The trial was so successful, Oxsight Ltd., a spinoff company, was formed last year to develop the glasses commercially. The team is now looking at how to use AI in its work.
This could include ways to personalize glasses, so wearing them builds information from the user's environment, helping the glasses learn to recognize commonplace things.
The winner of the 2016 Global Impact Award will be announced at the GPU Technology Conference, May 8-11, in Silicon Valley. To register for the conference, visit our GTC registration page.
Other Global Impact Award 2017 finalists include:
The Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati
The University of Maryland's Institute for Advanced Computer Studies
The Mayo Clinic
Check out the work of last year's Global Impact Award winner.
Quarterback Jawon Pass from Carver H.S. in Columbus, GA has signed with Louisville on National Signing Day at a ceremony at his school.
Nicknamed “Puma” The 6'5, 225 Pass is a highly sought after Quarterback and is rated the #4 dual threat signal caller in the country in the 2016 class according to 247sports.com. For reference, Teddy Bridgewater was the 5th rated dual threat QB in 2011, Reggie Bonnafon was 10th in 2014, and Lamar Jackson was 13th in the 2015 class.
“I get a great feeling there. I have a good relationship with the coaches. Coach Bobby Petrino is a good coach, they run a pro-style offense and go in the gun. They'll prepare me for the next level.” Jawon said about Louisville…he later added, “It was a no-brainer.”
Jawon Pass chose Louisville over finalist Alabama and Auburn signaling a MAJOR recruiting win for Bobby Petrino & his staff. L.D. Scott works the Columbus, GA area and Garrick McGee also put in a big time effort in reeling in Pass. Jawon's brother Khane was a major piece of the 2015 recruiting class signed this past February by UofL.
Puma is rated 4 stars by all 3 major recruiting sites and chose the Cards over offers from Alabama, Auburn, North Carolina, Clemson, Indiana, LSU, Miami, Miss State, Missouri, NC State, Nebraska, Notre Dame, Ohio State, Ole Miss, Penn State, Texas A&M, Virginia Tech, and Florida.
As expected, @Puma_Blessed2 Jawon Pass inking with Louisville pic.twitter.com/5TBZTyNkWB — David Mitchell (@leprepsports) February 3, 2016
TCZ Comments
comments
KFC Hit With Rotten Chicken Lawsuit
So. GROSS!
We don't believe it for one second when we hear that the former manager of a KFC franchise was “forced” to serve green, expired chicken — because there's always a choice! Have some morals and REFUSE to do it!
The lawsuit is summarized like this:
“A former manager at a KFC eatery in Oregon alleges that the owner of his franchise not only ordered employees to serve expired chicken, but also that employees who refused to do so were fired.”
Then BE FIRED! You don't want somebody sick or dying on your hands! Or REPORT the owner of the franchise instead of waiting to sue.
We understand the issue of being wrongly fired over being insubordinate — but that's when you go to corporate. We bet THEY don't want a franchise doing what that owner was doing.
Regardless, you chose to sue… and it's better than nothing. We hope you win!
This guy is so disgusting, and we hope he never gets to run a chain again! What would the Colonel think??
[Image via AP Images.]
SensorFu Teaser II — The Beacon
janikenttala Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 30, 2017
“Mikko's beacon will help him to seal his sandbox.”
This blog post is the second in the series about SensorFu's product teaser campaign. Last time we were left with an illustration about Kasper escaping a box (see it here). The escape was too easy due to a weak spot in the box. In this episode Mikko wants to see and seal the weak spots — and preserve the state he has achieved. A beacon fits to the bill.
The Beacon
This episode illustrates the idea of using beacons to make sure the box stays sealed. SensorFu's web page shows a beacon Mikko has deployed inside his sandbox. It emits signals that should never be seen outside. If those signals get out, Mikko gets immediate warning.
Mikko's beacon will help him to seal his sandbox.
We are really pleased how it turned out. We almost had to cancel the whole episode as there were no fitting YouTube-videos to visualize our message! While dwelling in our despair, we found the solution. Jani draws like a 6-year old, and 6 years of experience in our field is plenty. Time to stop outsourcing our graphics to YouTube, let's pull our operations back in-house!
The message
So what is the itch the beacon is scratching? In his previous life Mikko (one of the founders), did plenty of security checks for critical systems. He knows the effort and money companies invest to establish security controls. He also knows that they can fail us. A bit too often to let it slide. We are used to monitoring that our networks stay functional. We get immediate warnings when they don't. But we are not there yet with security controls. That is the itch.
Early Results
We ran a focus group study to see how the audience reacts to our message. The group size was one and her profile didn't fit at all to our target audience. But the study was free of charge, so why not? It revealed that 100% of the group thought the beacon was actually a trashcan. By this time, we had already spent a whopping 13.88€ (a stylus and an app) to the project, so there was no way we would walk back on this. The illustration stays.
Viral Effect
There is another object planted to the top right. We are going to let the readers speculate if it is a disembodied eye or a flying saucer. We are counting on a fact that the speculation will go viral and earn us the much-needed attention. Has Twitter ever crashed due to retweets? Just saying. #willitcrash.
← Previous episode
→ Next episode
On Friday, armed with a federal warrant and backed by U.S. Marshals, Microsoft employees raided web hosting centers in Scranton, Pennsylvania and Lombard, Illinois to seize servers and take possession of hundreds of Internet domain names. The actions were part of a global legal effort by Microsoft and partners to go directly after botnets through civil lawsuits.
The servers and the domains hosted on them were allegedly being used to spread multiple Zeus botnets and collect key-logging data from infected computers, a Microsoft spokesperson said in a statement on Sunday. Microsoft and its partners in the effort—the Financial Services - Information Sharing and Analysis Center (FS-ISAC) and NACHA—obtained warrants for the seizures through a federal lawsuit based in part on the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act.
In the suit, the organizations claimed that the phishing e-mails used to spread the botnet infringed on their trademarks and intellectual property. When recipients clicked on the links in the messages, the sites downloaded malware based on the Zeus botnet that could be used to take control of computers and steal personal data—including passwords and financial information—by recording what users typed.
The effort, called Operation b71, is the second time Microsoft has gone after botnet operations on its own rather than waiting for law enforcement to take action. Last March, Microsoft's Operation b107 took down the Ruckstock botnet. But b71 is the first time that Microsoft has gotten other organizations to join as plaintiffs in the civil suits used to after a botnet operator, and used RICO as a legal instrument to go after botnet operators. It's also the first time Microsoft has simultaneously moved against multiple botnets in a single seizure operation.
When Barack Obama was in office — remember the good old days, just over a week ago, when we didn't wake up every morning and wonder what new atrocity was emanating from the White House — Republicans were apoplectic about his use of executive orders. They called them “unilateral edicts” and “power grabs.” As Iowa Senator Charles Grassley once said in a floor speech: “The president looks more and more like a king that the Constitution was designed to replace.”
What a difference a week makes.
Now many of those Republicans are as quiet as church mice as Donald Trump pumps out executive orders at a fevered pitch, doing exactly what he said he'd do during the campaign, for all of those who were paying attention: advancing a white nationalist agenda and vision of America, whether that be by demonizing blacks in the “inner city,” Mexicans at the border or Muslims from the Middle East.
Trump's America is not America: not today's or tomorrow's, but yesterday's.
Trump's America is brutal, perverse, regressive, insular and afraid. There is no hope in it; there is no light in it. It is a vast expanse of darkness and desolation.
And that is a vision of America that most of the people in this country cannot and will not abide. That is a vision of America that has galvanized ordinary American citizens in opposition in a way that is almost without precedent. We are inching toward anarchy as both the people and the president refuse to back down.
The pioneering designer William Addison Dwiggins had a famously good sense of humor. In the mid-1920s, though, he went through a period when he couldn't pick up a newspaper without getting at least a little frustrated. Not necessarily at the news—although some of that was bad, too—but at the typeface it was printed in. “Gothic—the newspaper standby—in its various manifestations has little to commend it,” he wrote in one of his many treatises, 1928's Layout in Advertising. “It is not overly legible. It has no grace. Gothic capitals are indispensable, but there are no good Gothic capitals.”
Fighting words—especially considering that words can't fight back. A few months later, Dwiggins got a letter from Harry Gage, the assistant director of typography at the Mergenthaler Linotype Company, asking him to put his pen where his mouth was. Gage was hoping to broaden the number of new fonts his company offered to its clients. He'd read Dwiggins' Gothic takedown, and found himself agreeing. Could Dwiggins make a typeface for Linotype—one like Gothic, but better?
He could. “Tell me how fast you have to move,” Dwiggins responded. “I shall be busy as a bootlegger all Summer, but a type face is a job that you have to dream over anyhow.”
Dwiggins at his desk in 1941, working on type designs. Boston Public Library
For the next 28 years—up until his death, in 1956—Dwiggins dreamed over typefaces. He did more than that, though: he designed dozens of them. He made typefaces for books, magazines, newspaper articles, newspaper headlines, and typewriters, including an early IBM creation. (“Letter forms just naturally came to flow from his fingers,” his peer, Rudolph Ruzicka, once wrote.) All but a few have since lapsed into obscurity, left behind by bad luck or circumstance.
This is all despite Dwiggins's robust legacy in other areas. By the time he started designing typefaces, the forward-thinking book designer, calligrapher and illustrator had already made several indelible stamps on the American visual landscape. He may have been the first person to use the word “graphic designer,” in 1922, and the way he worked within and across disciplines is now a defining aspect of that field.
“There was kind of a clarity of vision that he had in all these different things that he worked on that I think is really inspiring and unusual,” says Bruce Kennett, a book designer himself, and the author of an upcoming biography of the artist, W.A. Dwiggins: A Life in Design. “He was always thinking about the end user.” Today's end users, able to view the whole of Dwiggins' career, may find it worth taking another look at these lost typefaces, to see what we can learn.
Early studies for Metroblack, the first full typeface designed by Dwiggins. W. A. Dwiggins/Boston Public Library
After he received Gage's letter, Dwiggins threw himself into one-upping Gothic. He drew patterns ten times the size of a 12-point font, and cut them into stencils so that he could rearrange letters at will. By the end of 1929, he had come up with Metroblack, a robust sans serif that combined Gothic's simplicity with a sense of warmth and hints of flair: curly loops for the g's, jaunty tails for the Q's. Linotype made some spin-offs in other weights—Metrolite, Metrothin, and Metromedium—and began to sell it.
Sadly, there are a number of things that can kill a typeface. One is public opinion: While Linotype was a fan of the Metro family, advertising it as suggestive of “inscriptions on old Greek and Roman coins,” audiences were skeptical. “The public was hungry for all things modern,” writes Kennett, and they preferred their designs to look ahead, not backwards. Sleek, efficient types like Futura were all the rage.
This satirical graph, from Dwiggins's “Extracts from An Investigation into the Physical Properties of Books,” illustrates his design style and his penchant for humor-inflected criticism. W.A. Dwiggins/Public Domain
When customers complained about several of Metro's lowercase characters, calling them awkward, Dwiggins and Linotype redesigned them, and released them as Metro 2. Although the company kept it on the docket, by the 1940s, the type was effectively retired, eclipsed by sleeker, more efficient faces such as Futura, and Linotype's similar Spartan, designed in-house.
More of Dwiggins' type designs suffered similar fates, some before they were even baptized. Experimental No. 63, an unabashedly humanist typeface with thick stems and asymmetric bars that Dwiggins worked on for several years, was ultimately dismissed by Linotype as a “stunt font,” and shelved.
Sample sentences of Aldine cursive, designed for in-home typewriter use. W. A. Dwiggins/Boston Public Library
Bad timing can also take down a typeface. In the early 1930s, Dwiggins worked with the Underwood typewriter company to develop a bubbly cursive, which he wrote was meant to be “aimed at social letters—home use—Junior League correspondence and such-like.” It was never produced, “the result of the poor business climate of the Great Depression,” writes Kennett.
During that same period, Dwiggins wrote to his boss at Linotype detailing some ideas for remaking a Scotch Roman face. “This is for the years to come, after the war,” he added, at the end. He then he realized his mistake, crossed out “war,” and wrote “depression.”
He might have written the same letter a decade later, without the correction. “During [World War II], metal was scarce,” says Kennett. Many companies, including print shops, dedicated some or all of their facilities to the war effort—Linotype made bombsights, among other equipment—which left much less floorspace for experimentation.
The war happened to coincide with Dwiggins' most productive years. He dreamed up a whole suite of forms for the company, which he wrote were meant to “expand the Lino equipment in days to come, when we stop slaughtering and go back to reasonable human activities.”
Linotype had Dwiggins on a retainer, which meant both great creative freedom and no guarantees. “He could blue-sky to his heart's content, and then they would pick which ones to carry into real metal,” says Kennett. “Several of those types were developed to the point that entire books were typeset in them, but Linotype never brought them to a full commercial release.”
Test drawings for Charter, which Dwiggins designed to be a completely upright script. W. A. Dwiggins/Boston Public Library
Some of these were designed with a specific purpose in mind. One was Charter, a completely upright script face. “For reasons known only to Dwiggins, he was convinced that Charter would have a long career in the setting of legal documents,” writes Kennett. Instead, it had no career at all: it never made it past the pilot stage.
Others were born from Dwiggins' vast and multidisciplinary knowledge of design history. “Often, he would see something from the history of printing design and want to improve it,” says Kennett. “He sees a typeface from the early 1600s in Spain and he says ‘Oh, I want to do something with that.'”
Thus was born Eldorado, which Dwiggins described as “something brisk and colorful to set a tale like Treasure Island in.” (While Eldorado was eventually set in metal and used in book production, it perished at another dangerous crossroads—it was not popular enough to make the transition to film typesetting.)
A 1942 effort, Tippecanoe, was meant to provide a decent tribute to the 19th-century Italian designer Giambattista Bodoni, whom other contemporary designers had attempted to imitate, in Dwiggins's words, with “all the fawn-like grace of a galloping cow.” Linotype brought Tippecanoe all the way through the pilot stage, but no further. And the paintings of Frans Hals, a 17th century Dutch portrait painter, inspired Stuyvesant, to which Dwiggins gave “a certain well-fed robustness”—and which was also never made.
“I think he was ready [to design typefaces] 20 years before he was given the chance.”
There was Arcadia, which Dwiggins described as “round and crisp—like the new moon one day out—a trimming of Diana's toe-nail.” There was Winchester, designed for easy reading. Neither of these made it past the pilot stage. By the time the war was over, Dwiggins' health was beginning to fail. He never revisited many of these ideas.
On a few, bright occasions, though, everything did work out. Dwiggins created several fonts that have stood the test of time, and successfully made the transition from metal typesetting to film, and then to digital. One, Caledonia, was the result of those years of working to remake Scotch Roman—it was snuck into production in between the Depression and the war, and has stuck around since, usually in books. Another book typeface, Electra, was released in 1935. Dwiggins meant for it to combine precision with “a warm, human, personal quality—full of warm animal blood.”
Perhaps the most interesting survivor of all is a set of what Kennett calls “modular decorative units,” the Caravan Ornaments. These don't form words at all; instead, they are strictly decorative, meant to be used for individual flourishes or, taken together, as a wide field of pattern. Although they can't be read, they are recognizably related to letters, like cousins that majored in theater and dance. “He saw these as a very magical extension of the alphabet,” says Kennett.
A sampling of Electra Abstract, another set of typographic symbols made by Dwiggins. (These didn't make it.) W. A. Dwiggins/Boston Public Library
Electra, Caledonia, and the Caravan Ornaments have consistently been available to any printer who wants to use them. Metro also stuck around. This isn't a bad batting average—all artists end up with hits and misses. Considering the length and density of Dwiggins' typeface-making career, though, his legacy could have been much larger. “By my count, there are over 30 ideas for types,” says Kennett. “In the end, six of them were commercially released. All the others are just hidden under the radar.”
A still greater cost, Kennett says, is uncountable: “I think he was ready [to design typefaces] 20 years before he was given the chance,” he says. “I think he was champing at the bit to start earlier.”
Experimental No. 63, which later found life, under another designer, as Optima. W. A. Dwiggins/Boston Public Library
This sense of loss is borne out by the fact that in the decades since his death, Dwiggins' influence has regularly reappeared, sometimes in disguise. In 1952, Hermann Zapf, another famous typeface designer, released his own masterwork, Optima. (You may recognize it from the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, or the end credits of The Exorcist.) Over a decade later, he was shocked to find during an archival trip that he had basically remade Dwiggins' Experimental No. 63—the so-called “stunt font.” Other designs, including Eldorado and Winchester, have been resuscitated for the digital age by modern type designers.
There is hope yet for more such revivals. Although Dwiggins is no longer the central figure he once was, “he is still revered by many,” Kennett writes. Ultimately, Kennett's aim is that, with his book's help, that number will grow.
The illustrated cover for a booklet of “Caravan Ornaments.” Boston Public Library
It's a big book—480 pages—but anyone who so much as flips through it will glimpse a tiny part of Dwiggins' legacy: the whole thing is printed in typefaces that he designed. Excerpts of Dwiggins' writing are set in Metro, Eldorado, Caledonia, and others, while the rest of the text appears in a new revival of Electra that Kennett commissioned for this project from the designer Jim Parkinson.
“All the [digital] versions of Electra before this have been scrawny and emaciated and tiring to read,” Kennett says. “This one has all the warmth and robustness it always had in the letterpress version.” The kind of robustness, perhaps, that comes from being one of the last types standing—containing a man's dreams, legacy, and “warm animal blood” in a set of precise lines.
NFL teams have until May 3 to pick up the fifth-year option on first-round draft picks from 2011. Plenty of front offices have pulled that trigger, but Tampa Bay isn't playing ball.
The Buccaneers won't extend the contract of defensive end Adrian Clayborn, according to Jenna Laine of SportsTalkFlorida.com. ProFootballTalk first reported earlier in the week that Tampa was doubtful to pursue the extra year but has no designs on trading its young pass rusher before September.
Still, it's a strong indication that Clayborn is on his way out after 2014. The former 20th overall pick is set to move to left end in Lovie Smith's Tampa 2-esque scheme this season after Michael Johnson was added through free agency to man the right side.
With 13 sacks in 35 career games, Clayborn finished last season as the No. 47 player at his position out of 52 eligible peers, per Pro Football Focus. He isn't especially strong against the run, which raises concerns about flipping him to the left edge, where teams more frequently stack tight ends to help move the ground game.
Lovie obviously wants to see how Clayborn adapts to that switch before deepening the team's commitment.
The "Around The League Podcast" NFL Schedule Extravaganza will change the way you look at everything.
Since the news broke that the United States Grand Prix will return to the F1 calendar in 2012 I've had emails from many fans in Austin, Texas about the project.
It's clear there's already great enthusiasm for the project from fans in the area.
In order for the event to be a success the race organisers need to start by getting the track right – something F1 has failed to do at many of its newest venues.
A dream solution
Fans have been vocal in their criticism of modern F1 circuits in recent years. Happily the message finally seems to be getting through.
McLaren team principal and Formula One Teams' Association chairman Martin Whitmarch admitted in a recent interview with Autosport that circuit design is letting F1 down:
We've had lots of circuits, with Abu Dhabi probably the most bizarre one, where money is no object and they started with a clean sheet of paper. Yet you've got probably one of the longest straights in F1 with a chicane and when do we ever see an overtaken in a modern-day chicane?
Martin Whitmarsh
So what should race promoter Tavo Hellmund build with his $250m on an as-yet undeveloped plot of land in Austin?
My dream solution for the American Grand Prix is for a race on a superspeedway. IndyCars have abandoned monster tracks like Michigan Speedway and Fontana (now the ‘Auto Club' Speedway) with their 390kph (242mph) average lap speeds.
Although the FIA regulations do allow for F1 cars to race on ovals, I'd be amazed if it ever happened. And the challenges of building a superspeedway to F1 safety standards would be immense.
But, without wishing to trade in simplistic national stereotypes, F1 would do well to draw on the American philosophy of, ‘bigger, better, faster' embodied in those fearsome superspeedways.
That's why I think the United States Grand Prix organisers should make it their mission to build the fastest circuit in Formula 1 for its return to America in 2012.
‘F1's fastest race'
In America, more than anywhere else, F1 needs a unique selling point. It offers a completely different style of racing to NASCAR and cannot rival the home-grown popularity of that series.
Instead it should play to its own strengths, and put on a race that shows just what modern F1 cars are capable of.
F1 does not need another Valencia, another Bahrain or another Abu Dhabi. In a country with tracks as dramatic as Elkhart Lake, Road Atlanta and Laguna Seca, another Hermann Tilke cookie cutter effort won't cut it.
What F1 needs is a new Osterreichring.
When the Austrian circuit was first used for F1 40 years ago it stole Silverstone's crown as the fastest circuit in Formula 1. Today Monza holds that title – even with two very slow chicanes F1 cars lapped it at an average of 251kph (155mph) last year
Providing it can be done within the FIA's restrictions on circuit design, a new track in the style of the original Osterreiching with long straights and wide, fast corners could eclipse Monza's average lap speed.
Yes, it would need wide run off areas. But by copying some of the better features of F1's newest track Yas Island – its impact-absorbing TecPro barriers and raised spectator stands – this could be achieved without pushing the spectators too far away from the action.
Being able to sell the event as “F1's fastest race” would be a boon for the race organisers. But whatever they choose to do with their race, F1 cannot afford to waste another opportunity.
It has sampled nine different venues in America – more than it has in any other country – yet failed to find a long-term home. This is the first time it will hold a race in America at a track purpose-built for F1.
Gimmicks like pit tunnels and hotel bridges won't be good enough. F1 in America needs something truly special and different. This is my idea for what it should be. What's yours?
Your design for a US Grand Prix track
What would you like to see built in Austin for the United States Grand Prix? Post links to your designs using Scribble Maps, Gmaps Pedometer or a similar tool below.
Here's my preferred design – though I won't claim any credit for it:
2012 United States Grand Prix
Nicholas West
Activist Post
The era of Big Data is upon us. Major corporations in the areas of advertising, social media, defense contracting, and computing are forming partnerships with government agencies to compile virtual dossiers on all humans.
This data integration initiative is taking place across the board in our largest federal agencies and departments as part of an Office of Science and Technology outline (PDF) that includes a $200 million upfront investment, as well as a $250 million annual investment by military departments into human-computer interaction.
The $200 million in the Obama program will be spread among the National Institutes of Health, Department of Defense, National Science Foundation, the Department of Energy, the U.S. Geological survey, and DARPA to see that the information they collect will move quickly “from data to decisions.”
Seeing the vast potential of Big Data management and applications, Oblong Industries – the actual creator of the software that appeared in the movie Minority Report, (known by its propriety name g-speak) – is now offering a commercial version in the marketplace. An AFP article posted at Raw Story is quick to point out that the software has been stripped of its “pre-crime” detection analytics. But should this blanket dismissal by a mainstream news agency be comforting in light of stated U.S. government goals that seek to turn science fiction into science reality?
John P. Holdren, Obama's science czar, and author of the controversial eugenics tome, Ecoscience, is one of those directing the solution to the data overload problem. This alone should force us to be hyper-vigilant.
We also know that the NSA is constructing a massive new $2 billion data center that aims to expand its spy activities by September, 2013:
A project of immense secrecy, it is the final piece in a complex puzzle assembled over the past decade. Its purpose: to intercept, decipher, analyze, and store vast swaths of the world's communications as they zap down from satellites and zip through the underground and undersea cables of international, foreign, and domestic networks.
(…)
Flowing through its servers and routers and stored in near-bottomless databases will be all forms of communication, including the complete contents of private emails, cell phone calls, and Google searches, as well as all sorts of personal data trails—parking receipts, travel itineraries, bookstore purchases, and other digital ‘pocket litter. It is, in some measure, the realization of the “total information awareness” program created during the first term of the Bush administration… (Source)
The FBI has recently announced that facial recognition will be coming to a state near you:
Recently-released documents show that the FBI has been working since late 2011 with four states—Michigan, Hawaii, Maryland, and possibly Oregon—to ramp up the Next Generation Identification (NGI) Facial Recognition Program. When the program is fully deployed in 2014, the FBI expects its facial recognition database will contain at least 12 million “searchable frontal photos.” (p. 6) (Source)
While Oblong Industries claims to have disabled the analytics portion of the software that could be used in pre-crime screening taken right from the Minority Report film, they state that private companies and law enforcement agencies could certainly augment their scaled-back version by introducing their own analytics.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
Furthermore, the earlier-mentioned AFP article downplays the significance of the software by stating that “Oblong currently has no government customers in the United States or abroad but offers itself as ‘a core technology provider.'”
However, two of Oblong's current clients are Boeing – the world's second largest defense contractor and drone specialists; and #12 General Electric – specialists in electronic warfare components and military communication systems. Their combined annual sales are more than $35 billion, which makes it quite likely that new technology will be embraced and proliferated. (Source)
Oblong's own website states that their company “works with Global Fortune 500 companies, government agencies, and universities to develop custom g‑speak solutions.” Their application areas include:
financial services
network operations centers
logistics and supply-chain management
military and intelligence
automotive
natural resource exploration
data mining and analytics
bioinformatics
trade shows and theatrical presentations
medical imaging
consumer electronics interfaces
To reinforce the obvious, Oblong's Chief Executive, Kwin Kramer, has stated flatly that, “We think law enforcement and intelligence are big data users and we think our technology is the leader.”
It is also worth noting that the g-speak “Minority Report” technology was developed at MIT and has been 30 years in the making. MIT has quite a storied history of connections to intelligence agencies; the CIA having actually started the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Center for International Studies (MIT-CIS) in 1950. (Source)
The implied connections are in plain view on MIT's own website: http://web.mit.edu/policies/14/14.5.html
And Orwell smiles.
Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today! Until recently, we might have held out hope that it was the vastness of data collection that was the weakest point for potential tyrants, as it was nearly impossible to sift through, manage, and apply all of it. With the birth of Big Data applications that are literally coming straight from science fiction, however, we might do well to accept the possibility of a truly dystopian reality descending upon us even faster than the speed of thought. For a glimpse into the cool sales pitch behind Oblong Industries' Big Data management software, please view the following video. While we should keep an open mind to how advancements in computer tech can be exciting and rewarding, while offering novel ways of human interaction, it is most important to ensure that these technologies are not hoarded by governments and elites who have a clear history of negatively impacting true human development, as well as freedom of movement, expression and self-determination. To read other articles by Nicholas West click HERE You can support this information by voting on Reddit HERE var linkwithin_site_id = 557381; linkwithin_text='Related Articles:'
1. Introduction
In this article, we'll explore some dynamic mapping capabilities of Hibernate with the @Formula, @Where, @Filter and @Any annotations.
Note that although Hibernate implements the JPA specification, annotations described here are available only in Hibernate and are not directly portable to other JPA implementations.
2. Project Setup
To demonstrate the features, we'll only need the hibernate-core library and a backing H2 database:
<dependency> <groupId>org.hibernate</groupId> <artifactId>hibernate-core</artifactId> <version>5.2.12.Final</version> </dependency> <dependency> <groupId>com.h2database</groupId> <artifactId>h2</artifactId> <version>1.4.194</version> </dependency>
For the current version of the hibernate-core library, head over to Maven Central.
3. Calculated Columns with @Formula
Suppose we want to calculate an entity field value based on some other properties. One way to do it would be by defining a calculated read-only field in our Java entity:
@Entity public class Employee implements Serializable { @Id @GeneratedValue(strategy = GenerationType.IDENTITY) private Integer id; private long grossIncome; private int taxInPercents; public long getTaxJavaWay() { return grossIncome * taxInPercents / 100; } }
The obvious drawback is that we'd have to do the recalculation each time we access this virtual field by the getter.
It would be much easier to get the already calculated value from the database. This can be done with the @Formula annotation:
@Entity public class Employee implements Serializable { @Id @GeneratedValue(strategy = GenerationType.IDENTITY) private Integer id; private long grossIncome; private int taxInPercents; @Formula("grossIncome * taxInPercents / 100") private long tax; }
With @Formula, we can use subqueries, call native database functions and stored procedures and basically do anything that does not break the syntax of an SQL select clause for this field.
Hibernate is smart enough to parse the SQL we provided and insert correct table and field aliases. The caveat to be aware of is that since the value of the annotation is raw SQL, it may make our mapping database-dependent.
Also, keep in mind that the value is calculated when the entity is fetched from the database. Hence, when we persist or update the entity, the value would not be recalculated until the entity is evicted from the context and loaded again:
Employee employee = new Employee(10_000L, 25); session.save(employee); session.flush(); session.clear(); employee = session.get(Employee.class, employee.getId()); assertThat(employee.getTax()).isEqualTo(2_500L);
4. Filtering Entities with @Where
Suppose we want to provide an additional condition to the query whenever we request some entity.
For instance, we need to implement “soft delete”. This means that the entity is never deleted from the database, but only marked as deleted with a boolean field.
We'd have to take great care with all existing and future queries in the application. We'd have to provide this additional condition to every query. Fortunately, Hibernate provides a way to do this in one place:
@Entity @Where(clause = "deleted = false") public class Employee implements Serializable { // ... }
The @Where annotation on a method contains an SQL clause that will be added to any query or subquery to this entity:
employee.setDeleted(true); session.flush(); session.clear(); employee = session.find(Employee.class, employee.getId()); assertThat(employee).isNull();
As in the case of @Formula annotation, since we're dealing with raw SQL, the @Where condition won't be reevaluated until we flush the entity to the database and evict it from the context.
Until that time, the entity will stay in the context and will be accessible with queries and lookups by id.
The @Where annotation can also be used for a collection field. Suppose we have a list of deletable phones:
@Entity public class Phone implements Serializable { @Id @GeneratedValue(strategy = GenerationType.IDENTITY) private Integer id; private boolean deleted; private String number; }
Then, from the Employee side, we could map a collection of deletable phones as follows:
public class Employee implements Serializable { // ... @OneToMany @JoinColumn(name = "employee_id") @Where(clause = "deleted = false") private Set<Phone> phones = new HashSet<>(0); }
The difference is that the Employee.phones collection would always be filtered, but we still could get all phones, including deleted ones, via direct query:
employee.getPhones().iterator().next().setDeleted(true); session.flush(); session.clear(); employee = session.find(Employee.class, employee.getId()); assertThat(employee.getPhones()).hasSize(1); List<Phone> fullPhoneList = session.createQuery("from Phone").getResultList(); assertThat(fullPhoneList).hasSize(2);
5. Parameterized Filtering with @Filter
The problem with @Where annotation is that it allows us to only specify a static query without parameters, and it can't be disabled or enabled by demand.
The @Filter annotation works the same way as @Where, but it also can be enabled or disabled on session level, and also parameterized.
5.1. Defining the @Filter
To demonstrate how @Filter works, let's first add the following filter definition to the Employee entity:
@FilterDef( name = "incomeLevelFilter", parameters = @ParamDef(name = "incomeLimit", type = "int") ) @Filter( name = "incomeLevelFilter", condition = "grossIncome > :incomeLimit" ) public class Employee implements Serializable {
The @FilterDef annotation defines the filter name and a set of its parameters that will participate in the query. The type of the parameter is the name of one of the Hibernate types (Type, UserType or CompositeUserType), in our case, an int.
The @FilterDef annotation may be placed either on the type or on package level. Note that it does not specify the filter condition itself (although we could specify the defaultCondition parameter).
This means that we can define the filter (its name and set of parameters) in one place and then define the conditions for the filter in multiple other places differently.
This can be done with the @Filter annotation. In our case, we put it in the same class for simplicity. The syntax of the condition is a raw SQL with parameter names preceded by colons.
5.2. Accessing Filtered Entities
Another difference of @Filter from @Where is that @Filter is not enabled by default. We have to enable it on the session level manually, and provide the parameter values for it:
session.enableFilter("incomeLevelFilter") .setParameter("incomeLimit", 11_000);
Now suppose we have the following three employees in the database:
session.save(new Employee(10_000, 25)); session.save(new Employee(12_000, 25)); session.save(new Employee(15_000, 25));
Then with the filter enabled, as shown above, only two of them will be visible by querying:
List<Employee> employees = session.createQuery("from Employee") .getResultList(); assertThat(employees).hasSize(2);
Note that both the enabled filter and its parameter values are applied only inside the current session. In a new session without filter enabled, we'll see all three employees:
session = HibernateUtil.getSessionFactory().openSession(); employees = session.createQuery("from Employee").getResultList(); assertThat(employees).hasSize(3);
Also, when directly fetching the entity by id, the filter is not applied:
Employee employee = session.get(Employee.class, 1); assertThat(employee.getGrossIncome()).isEqualTo(10_000);
5.3. @Filter and Second-Level Caching
If we have a high-load application, then we'd definitely want to enable Hibernate second-level cache, which can be a huge performance benefit. We should keep in mind that the @Filter annotation does not play nicely with caching.
The second-level cache only keeps full unfiltered collections. If it wasn't the case, then we could read a collection in one session with filter enabled, and then get the same cached filtered collection in another session even with filter disabled.
This is why the @Filter annotation basically disables caching for the entity.
6. Mapping Any Entity Reference with @Any
Sometimes we want to map a reference to any of multiple entity types, even if they are not based on a single @MappedSuperclass. They could even be mapped to different unrelated tables. We can achieve this with the @Any annotation.
In our example, we'll need to attach some description to every entity in our persistence unit, namely, Employee and Phone. It'd be unreasonable to inherit all entities from a single abstract superclass just to do this.
6.1. Mapping Relation with @Any
Here's how we can define a reference to any entity that implements Serializable (i.e., to any entity at all):
@Entity public class EntityDescription implements Serializable { private String description; @Any( metaDef = "EntityDescriptionMetaDef", metaColumn = @Column(name = "entity_type")) @JoinColumn(name = "entity_id") private Serializable entity; }
The metaDef property is the name of the definition, and metaColumn is the name of the column that will be used to distinguish the entity type (not unlike the discriminator column in the single table hierarchy mapping).
We also specify the column that will reference the id of the entity. It's worth noting that this column will not be a foreign key because it can reference any table that we want.
The entity_id column also can't generally be unique because different tables could have repeated identifiers.
The entity_type/entity_id pair, however, should be unique, as it uniquely describes the entity that we're referring to.
6.2. Defining the @Any Mapping with @AnyMetaDef
Right now, Hibernate does not know how to distinguish different entity types, because we did not specify what the entity_type column could contain.
To make this work, we need to add the meta-definition of the mapping with the @AnyMetaDef annotation. The best place to put it would be the package level, so we could reuse it in other mappings.
Here's how the package-info.java file with the @AnyMetaDef annotation would look like:
@AnyMetaDef( name = "EntityDescriptionMetaDef", metaType = "string", idType = "int", metaValues = { @MetaValue(value = "Employee", targetEntity = Employee.class), @MetaValue(value = "Phone", targetEntity = Phone.class) } ) package com.baeldung.hibernate.pojo;
Here we've specified the type of the entity_type column (string), the type of the entity_id column (int), the acceptable values in the entity_type column (“Employee” and “Phone”) and the corresponding entity types.
Now, suppose we have an employee with two phones described like this:
Employee employee = new Employee(); Phone phone1 = new Phone("555-45-67"); Phone phone2 = new Phone("555-89-01"); employee.getPhones().add(phone1); employee.getPhones().add(phone2);
Now we could add descriptive metadata to all three entities, even though they have different unrelated types:
EntityDescription employeeDescription = new EntityDescription( "Send to conference next year", employee); EntityDescription phone1Description = new EntityDescription( "Home phone (do not call after 10PM)", phone1); EntityDescription phone2Description = new EntityDescription( "Work phone", phone1);
7. Conclusion
In this article, we've explored some of Hibernate's annotations that allow fine-tuning entity mapping using raw SQL.
The source code for the article is available over on GitHub.
The success had a lot to do with making sure members of both parties felt respected. “He always appointed an opposition vice chair to every committee,” Buckley said, “and required weekly meetings between the chair and vice chair. He encouraged Democrats and Republicans to sit together on the House floor. He wanted to break open communication.” The changes in Oregon became inured in their legislative culture—even a 30-30 split chamber in 2011 managed to get their budget and key legislation accomplished.
Merkley saw it as vitally important to do for Washington what he did for Oregon, allowing for Congress to meet the nation's challenges without stumbling into self-created roadblocks. Despite his relative inexperience—or perhaps because of it—he took a leadership role in fixing Senate rules, along with fellow freshman Tom Udall from New Mexico. “I said to the leadership that it was not acceptable for the body not to function,” Merkley said. “They said great, start talking to folks.”
Merkley and Udall outlined a series of preferred changes to the Senate rules, which included eliminations of the filibuster on the motion to proceed to legislation (in other words, allowing the Senate to end debate on whether or not to begin a debate), and the “talking filibuster,” forcing any minority seeking to block a vote to go on the Senate floor and state their case. The plan was to make the changes at the beginning of the new legislative session, and they tried this in 2011 and 2013. Efforts to corral a half-dozen Republicans into supporting the changes fell apart because of the partisan divide. “They thought we were on the right track, but they just couldn't step forward,” Merkley said. But Merkley and Udall needed only a simple majority to change the rules. His biggest challenge, ultimately, was convincing old lion members of his own party, disinclined to change rules that maximized their power and worked to their benefit in the minority.
The deepest divide on fixing the Senate was with Carl Levin, Merkley's partner on the Dodd-Frank measure known as the Volcker rule. (Merkley is quick to correct people by calling it the Volcker firewall—“when you say rule, everyone's eyes glaze over.”) Levin was adamantly opposed to changing the filibuster, and he and Merkley did sit down to try to work out their differences. “We just reached different conclusions,” Merkley said. “I would love for the vision Carl wants to be possible, where the Senate could work together on procedure and move forward. So we brainstormed another way, and we just couldn't bridge the gap.” Levin basically succeeded in curbing any meaningful reforms; the toothless rules package that passed in 2013 matched his recommendations exactly.
However, the situation is on the cusp of a major showdown in July, when Majority Leader Harry Reid has threatened to use the so-called “nuclear option” to force up-and-down votes on executive branch and judicial nominees. Pending confirmation votes for the Environmental Protection Agency, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and National Labor Relations Board represents the key test cases; if Republicans block those nominees from up-or-down votes, Reid has said, he will act to establish majority rule on nominations. Reid acknowledged that Merkley was right in pushing for stronger changes, and you can sense some momentum toward resolving the gridlock and advancing at some level to eliminate the perpetual 60-vote threshold, at least on nominations. Leaders of Senate rules reform credit Merkley's persistence for that.
Merkley has also butted heads with his Democratic allies in the White House on several issues. One week into his Senate term, Congress had to determine whether to allow the second tranche of TARP funds to go to banks, and Merkley, along with several other progressives, was undecided. Larry Summers, then chief economist for the Obama transition team, wrote a letter to Merkley vowing that, in exchange for the vote on the TARP release, the Administration would “commit substantial resources of $50-100B to a sweeping effort to address the foreclosure crisis” and lead an effort to “reform our bankruptcy laws” by allowing judges to modify mortgage terms. Neither of these things happened. The “sweeping” effort to stop foreclosures has largely failed to reach its goals, and the Administration stood mute as bankruptcy reform fell short in the Senate.
Most recently, Merkley has inserted himself into the debate over the National Security Agency's surveillance programs. Despite not being on the Intelligence Committee, Merkley had been arguing for years that the NSA's data collection policies were too broad and not sanctioned under statutory language. At a recent hearing with NSA chief Keith Alexander, Merkley waved his Verizon phone and asked “what authorized investigation gave you the grounds” to seize metadata from everyone's phone calls, including U.S. citizens. When top secret data revealed these secret spying programs, Merkley and a bipartisan group of colleagues readied legislation to ensure additional transparency, by declassifying the secret FISA court opinions that allowed the novel interpretations of what Congress authorized. The President is on the verge of declassifying some cases, thanks in part to Merkley's persistence. “I appreciate the President's interest in making the opinions public,” Merkley said. “The Administration was definitely upset with me when I said the court interpretations did not square with the letter of the law.”
On housing, Merkley designed two pilot programs that could become a national model for preventing foreclosures, leveraging public money to help people buy back their homes. All 76 participants in the first pilot program have remained current on their loans, cutting their debt by over $100,000 on average. But the Treasury Department has shown no interest in expanding Merkley's model. So he's taken it to other federal agencies, along with private banks (he just secured the participation of one). This need for endless creativity to get anything done shows how far modern Washington has strayed from the civics-class conception of how to simply make laws. But Merkley has simultaneously taken on the challenge of fixing Washington while fixing America's problems.
As he transitions to re-election next year, Merkley may not have as much time to burrow into policy matters or fixing the Senate. “I spend about one-quarter to one-third of my time raising money and networking,” he said, and he expected that to grow next year. The flurry of campaign spending and threatened attacks tend to turn other Senators inward, too cautious to step out on any issue. That's not Merkley's style. “I don't see the point of being in the Senate otherwise,” he said. “If there's an issue where things don't seem right, my view is I shouldn't be silent.”
Gen Nishino / Getty Images
Doctors can easily tell when someone is having a heart attack, but one thing they can't do is predict an attack before it happens. Even patients who come in for stress tests and get a clean bill of health often end up back in the hospital with a heart attack just days later.
But researchers say that may soon change, thanks to a study that used a blood test to detect certain cells that are sloughed off from weakened blood vessel walls. The cells are called circulating endothelial cells (CECs) and they herald the first stages of a heart attack, according to Dr. Eric Topol, chief academic officer for Scripps Health and lead author of the study published in the journal Science Translational Medicine.
Heart experts currently believe that heart attacks start days before a clot actually forms and blocks the flow of blood to the heart, says Topol. The first stages of a heart attack involve a weakening or erosion of the blood vessel walls, which then attracts inflammatory cells that damage the endothelial cells lining the inside of the blood vessels. Eventually, under the immense inflammatory pressure, these cells undergo mutations and start to clump together before sloughing off to float around in the blood.
MORE: Heart Attack in Women; Different Symptoms, Higher Risk of Death
In the study, involving 50 patients who had a heart attack and 44 healthy controls, the heart attack patients had more than four times the concentration of CECs in their blood than the controls. The CECs in the heart patients also looked different from those in the healthy people, often appearing misshapen and large, with multiple nuclei.
Researchers first connected CECs to impending heart attacks back in 1999, but Topol's work takes that early investigation further, with a more sophisticated way of identifying CECs in the blood. The current research is also the most in depth study to date of the structural changes that distinguish these cells. “For the first time, we can isolate these cells through techniques that were not available in 1999,” says Topol. “They are like a window into the process that underlies an imminent heart attack.”
The researchers were able to draw on work from the cancer field, where efforts to identify tumor cells that break off from growths and enter the bloodstream are helping to diagnose cancers earlier. Using specific proteins or cell markers that appear exclusively on the surface of blood vessel cells, Topol and his colleagues came up with a molecular profile for CECs that he hopes will form the basis of a more user-friendly test in coming years.
They are also in the process of doing extensive genetic tests on the cells in order to construct a dossier on its gene activity. Already, he says, they know that the cells are abnormal, and have more than one nucleus, compared to the single nucleus in normal cells. “These cells are sick,” he says. “They are very multinucleated, and have undergone many somatic mutations and have altered cell structure.”
MORE: Stem Cells Heal Scar Damage After Heart Attack
It's also becoming clear that the CECs start sloughing off the vessel walls a few days to a week or so before fatty plaques rupture and form blood clots, causing a heart attack. That means that testing for CECs can help doctors predict who is on the verge of having an event. This could be especially helpful for the many patients who come into emergency rooms every day complaining of vague chest-tightening or tingling sensations, but show no signs of the elevated heart enzymes that would indicate a heart attack. These people are often sent home, only to come back several days later with a heart attack — and by that time it's too late, the heart muscle may already be damaged. “It's one of the most common misdiagnoses in American medicine,” says Topol, of the missed signs of heart attack.
If the test if validated, it might immediately be used to triage such patients, helping to predict who will have a heart attack in coming days and who is likely suffering from some other ailment, such as severe indigestion or heartburn. But ultimately, Topol hopes to see the technology embedded into a more permanent surveillance device that could keep track of CEC concentrations on a continuous basis. “In the long term, now that we have the molecular signature of the CECs, we could put it in a nanosensor that is embedded into a tiny vein in high risk people who are most vulnerable to having a heart attack, and have that sensor talk to their cell phone, so they get an alert that they might have a heart attack in a few days.”
That's still a long ways away, but the results suggest that the more immediate benefit of checking for CECs might help thousands of people predict, and possibly avoid, their next heart attack.
MORE: Exercising Your DNA: How a Single Workout Can Change Gene Activity
Alice Park is a writer at TIME. Find her on Twitter at @aliceparkny. You can also continue the discussion on TIME's Facebook page and on Twitter at @TIME.
SEVILLA - Delegates from the 116 national federations in attendance at the FIBA World Congress on Thursday elected 13 of the potential 29 members that will make up the Central Board for the 2014-2019 term of office.
Horacio Muratore, who succeeds Yvan Mainini in becoming the new President of FIBA, was elected by acclamation.
He will be joined on the Central Board by the following elected members:
- Anibal Manave (MOZ) and Clotaire Celestine Adjanohoun (BEN) of FIBA Africa
- Jim Tooley (USA), Michelle O'Keefe (CAN) and Marcelo Bedoya (PAR) of FIBA Americas
- Tian Xiao (CHN) of FIBA Asia
- Jose Luis-Saez (ESP), Cyriel Coomans (BEL), Lena Wallin-Kantzy (SWE) and Jean-Pierre Siutat (FRA) of FIBA Europe
- Scott Derwin (AUS) and Deborah K Shoniber (MIS) of FIBA Oceania
They join FIBA Secretary General and International Olympic Committee (IOC) Member Patrick Baumann as well as the presidents of FIBA's five continental zone: Hamane Niang (MLI) of Africa, Usie Richards (USV) of the Americas, Sheikh Saud Bin Ali Al-Thani (QAT) of Asia, Turgay Demirel (TUR) of Europe and Burton Shipley (NZL) of Oceania.
Ingo Weiss will take over as FIBA Treasurer from the outgoing Manfred Stroher, who retires after more than 40 years of loyal service to FIBA.
Mr Weiss was the 13th member elected to the Central Board on the day.
The newly-appointed Central Board will meet for the first time on Saturday 13 September in Madrid, on the occasion of the final weekend of the FIBA Basketball World Cup.
One of the main items on the agenda will be to appoint the NBA representative and players representative. The Board may also co-opt six additional members.
###
About FIBA
FIBA (fiba.com) - the world governing body for basketball - is an independent association formed by 214 National Basketball Federations throughout the world. It is recognised as the sole competent authority in basketball by the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
For further information about FIBA visit fiba.com or follow FIBA on facebook.com/fiba, twitter.com/fiba and youtube.com/fiba.
Münch Mammoth Reading time: about 2 minutes. Engineering
German
Motorcycles
Rare
Friedl Münch began hand building the Mammoth in 1966 after receiving a special order from Jean Murit – a former motorcycle sidecar racer and a leading light within the French motorcycle community. Jean wanted a no-expense spared motorcycle that could cheerfully reach 140 mph and hold it for hours on end.
Münch had years of experience building performance motorcycles, usually based on Horex designs, so there was a major challenge presented in having to find a new engine and then fabricate a frame and many of the other parts required. He settled on a car engine from the NSU Prinz, it was an inline-4 with a swept volume of 996cc, an overhead cam and an output of 55 hp.
By modern standards these numbers all seem reasonably run of the mill, but in the mid-1960s they were headlined grabbing. The idea of dropping an inline-4 from an automobile into a motorcycle frame was considered borderline madness, and the 1 litre capacity was still relatively rare.
Friedl chose to develop an entirely new frame for the Mammoth, he started with a Norton Featherbed and borrowed significantly from the design. In the mid-60s the Featherbed was considered by many to be the best pound-for-pound frame in the world, and if there was one thing that Friedl was focussed on it was weight saving – he had to build a performance motorcycle around a car engine after all.
It had been decided to couple the inline-4 with a 4-speed gearbox connected to a gear-driven primary and an enclosed chain final drive to the rear wheel. The weight of the original prototype was just 480 lbs (218 kgs) thanks to widespread use of magnesium and lightweight components, by the time the model reached production the weight had increased to 656 lbs (298 kgs) – making its model name rather apt.
Over the course of its 10 year production run the Münch Mammoth was offered with two engine sizes, it initially began with a 998cc unit but this quickly went up to 1177cc courtesy of the NSU TTS. It's thought that roughly 500 were produced and it isn't known how many have survived the intervening decades.
The Mammoth you see here is one of the later 1177cc models and it's had a rather interesting life in Germany, Japan and now in the USA. It's been featured in three magazines including The Classic Motorcycle (2004), MCN (2012) and in Classic Motorcycle Mechanics (2015), and it's rarity has resulted in it always being a popular bike when it's out on the road.
If you'd like to read more about this Münch Mammoth you can click here to visit Bonhams, it's estimated to be worth somewhere in the £28,000 to £35,000 range and it's due to be auctioned on the 18th of October 2015.
Myanmar has been hit devastated by Cyclone Nargis and tens of thousands are dead, tens of thousands more require food and medical aid. The Myanmar regime is accused of blocking and delaying aid to its people.
The Myanmar regime is not a regime that I will defend. It is a militaristic clique that has seized power and rules by force. Nevertheless, much the same can be said about the US regime. Unlike the US regime, however, the Myanmar regime, basically, confines its perfidy to within its own borders.
Of course, whenever humans are in trouble, a responsible government will see to it that those humans are attended to, fed, and cared for.
The Myanmar government is accused by western governments and western media of negligence and worse towards its own citizens.
UK prime minister Gordon Brown declared: “It is being made into a man-made catastrophe by the negligence, the neglect and the inhuman treatment of the Burmese people by a regime that is failing to act and to allow the international community to do what it wants to do.”
“Man-made catastrophe.” Isn't that what the UK engineered in Iraq as junior partner (poodle) to the US? Over a million excess Iraqi civilian mortalities estimated since March 2003 (and there is no reason to ignore the US-UK supported UN sanctions that killed another million or so Iraqi civilians after 1991). That is genocide, and genocides are always man-made.
Brown added, “The responsibility lies with the Burmese regime and they must be held accountable.”
Fine, and to be fair and honest, at the same time, Brown and erstwhile prime minister Tony Blair must be held accountable for their role in the murderous carnage in Iraq.
If being accountable is to have any meaning, then Britain must, at long last, also be judged and do penance for its crimes, among others, in the Chagos archipelago, on the Indian subcontinent, against the Indigenous peoples in the western hemisphere and Oceania, throughout the Middle East, particularly its complicity in wiping of Palestine off the map.
The Plank Stuck in the Western Eye
The Europeans are calling for a forced intervention, and some US members of the House of Representatives are imploring president George Bush to intervene in Myanmar.
The Europeans, US, and Canada are complicit with Zionists in the starvation of Palestinians. This is in addition to demolishing homes, carrying out assassinations, withholding money transfers, destroying vital utilities, etc. in Gaza, and yet they are calling for an intervention elsewhere.
French Ambassador Jean-Maurice Ripert called for immediate action in Myanmar: “We are shifting from a situation of non-assistance to people in need to a situation that could lead to a true crime against humanity if we go on like that.”
One might wonder why the British and French “leaders” wail and moan about disaster-stricken Myanmar but are silent about disaster-stricken New Orleans. Almost three years after Hurricane Katrina struck the coast of Louisiana, people in New Orleans are waiting on assistance.
The 43 US representatives calling for intervention in Myanmar are apparently unaware of the tardy US response to the victims of Katrina or that the US regime rejected aid from certain countries, such as Cuba.
Venezuela, which contributed generously to the victims of Katrina, was reportedly rebuffed initially by the Bush administration. An excuse proffered by a senior State Department official, according to the Washington Post, was that “unsolicited offers can be ‘counterproductive.'”
And, where are the voices of British and French government figures about the genocide Israel perpetrates against Palestinians? Obviously, these western government figures are selectively speaking out on man-made catstrophes and crimes against humanity.
Corporate Media Deluge on Myanmar vs. Silence on Palestine
A sampling of corporate media headlines reveals an animus toward the Myanmar government:
“Aid stymied off Myanmar shores and borders,” International Herald Tribune
“Myanmar Neighbors Seek Ways To Press Country on Cyclone Aid,” Wall Street Journal
“International Pressure on Myanmar Junta Is Building,” New York Times
“Diplomats tour cyclone zone, but Myanmar still refuses aid,” Euronews.net
That the corporate media would go into a frenzy over Myanmar while ignoring the man-made catastrophes in Palestine and in Iraq is telling.
In the case of Myanmar, the western corporate media is behaving as it should: criticizing a non-democratic regime and, supposedly, putting the interests of the Myanmarese people front and center.
But one must ask: why is this same media falling over itself to celebrate 60 years in power by Jewish segregationists who contrived and meted out a catastrophe (al-Nakba) to the Palestinians? Why has this same media remained so quiescent over the travails that still bedevil the citizenry of New Orleans? Why does the same media collaborate in the ultimate international crime of aggression-occupation against Iraq?
The contrasting response to cyclone-ravaged Myanmar with other contemporary disasters — whether man-made or acts of nature — scathingly exposes the nasty double standards of western governments and their corporate media.
GLYNDON, Minn. – Every once in a while in athletics, who wins and who loses just doesn't matter.
More than 20 teams and hundreds of runners competed on Saturday in the Eastern Dakota Conference Cross Country Championship.
The real winner? A show of compassion; a young woman from Devils Lake, N.D., who finished 8½ minutes behind the first-place finisher.
This picture says it all. Devils Lake senior Melanie Bailey carrying distraught and injured Fargo South runner Danielle LeNoue at the cross-country meet held at the Ponderosa Golf Course near Glyndon.
“I was past the two-mile mark; close to the finish line,” LeNoue said.
“It happened instantly and felt like a pop in my knee. … Down I went. My left leg.”
LeNoue hurt her knee. Her left leg buckled during the run … an injury to her patella tendon.
“Just sobbing and so I started walking and I could not go any farther and she said, ‘Here, hop on my back,' half my size.”
The good Samaritan was Devils Lake High School runner Melanie Bailey.
“All I could think about was she was in a lot of pain. And I wanted to help her,” Bailey said.
Bailey is a competitor who says she was doing the right thing.
“Honestly, I loved the way I ended it. It was a great way to end my cross-country season,” LeNoue said.
Now this is what winning is all about: two runners finishing the race together, one carrying the other … because that's what you do.
“So nice, she didn't have to do that,” LeNoue said of Bailey. “How many people ran past me? And she stopped.”
The two girls have been Facebooking each other. Strangers … now friends. It's good to give someone the shirt off your back; even better to carry them on it when they're down.
“Pretty cool, touching moment for me,” LeNoue said.
And the Devils Lake Senior plans a career in physical therapy.
The World Health Organization (WHO) is sending an expert to Libya to look into a reported outbreak of bubonic plague not far from the Egyptian border.
Libyan officials say at least one person has died and several more have been infected in the town of Tubruq.
Cases of the disease, which was known as the Black Death in medieval Europe, are reported quite frequently in sub-Saharan Africa.
Bubonic plague can be treated with antibiotics if diagnosed early.
The WHO received a request from Libya to investigate the suspected cases in Tubruq on Tuesday, spokeswoman Aphaluck Bhatiasevi said.
An expert is on his way to Tubruq where he will help a government team study epidemiological data and check the reported cases.
If confirmed, it would be the first outbreak in that part of Libya for about 25 years, Ms Bhatiasevi said.
The Associated Press news agency quoted a Libyan official as saying that two people had been treated and sent home, and 10 others turned out not to have the disease.
Plague primarily affects wild rodents, and is spread between them by fleas.
Humans who contract the plague through flea bites normally develop a bubonic form - in other words, a form that enters via the skin.
Besides Africa, cases have also been reported in some Asian countries and in the US in recent years.
A Naval Academy midshipman was arrested Sunday morning after a 74-year-old woman found him sleeping in her living room, police said.
The woman, who lives in the 600 block of Americana Drive, called police at 7:43 a.m. when she discovered 20-year-old Max Smith sleeping in a chair in her living room, police said. Smith left the apartment while police were responding.
Officers found Smith walking outside of the apartment, according to charging documents, and he appeared to be "intoxicated and confused." Police detected a strong odor of alcohol emitting from his breath, charging documents state, and his eyes were bloodshot and watery.
Smith told police he was drinking at Acme Bar and Grill in downtown Annapolis from midnight to 1 a.m., where he met a woman. He told police he and the woman left together and had sexual relations, police said in charging documents.
At some point, Smith told police he entered the home of the 74-year-old woman through an unlocked sliding glass door, charging documents state.
The resident found Smith in a chair in her living room later that morning and called police. The woman he met at the bar wasn't there, police said.
The resident was brought to where police were talking with Smith and identified him as the man she found in her apartment, police said. She couldn't immediately be reached for comment on Monday.
Smith, whose identification card indicated he is a midshipman at the Naval Academy, was charged with fourth-degree burglary and released on his own recognizance by a District Court commissioner.
Smith is listed as a junior on the Naval Academy's wrestling team roster. His profile says he is a political science major from Arlington, Virginia, and graduated in 2013 from Charles E. Smith Jewish Day School in Rockville.
Mugshots and arrest information released by area law enforcement departments of people charged with various crimes in recent months. Charging information provided by police departments at time of booking.
An Academy spokesman said the Academy is aware of Smith's arrest.
“We are conducting an internal investigation to assess the facts,” said spokesman Cmdr. John Schofield. “As this is an ongoing legal matter, it would be inappropriate to comment further.”
Acme previously was in the news for serving underage patrons in 2011. Two of those patrons died in a motorcycle crash.
The city's Alcoholic Beverage Control Board fined the bar and suspended its license to serve alcohol for two weeks.
A manager at the bar on Monday said patrons have to show identification twice, once at the door and again when they order. The manager was unsure how the underaged midshipman was served and deferred further questions to the owner, who wasn't immediately available.
A concept by Sierra Nevada Corporation for a cislunar outpost, one of several being studied by companies for NASA under contracts awarded last year. (credit: SNC) A gateway to Mars, or the Moon?
Here's why the social media managers of advertising agencies are flocking to Snapchat.
Advertising has always been an early adopter of tech and social platforms
All ad agencies know that having a well-designed website is not enough in today's world. That's why most of them have created company accounts on social media platforms and are employing dedicated social media managers to handle them.
Ad agencies have already invested social platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Instagram and Linkedin, where they are sharing agencies news, linking to their latest campaigns and posting their job offers. Some even use their accounts as a differentiated tool to attract both clients and future employees by offering a sneak peek inside their (always cool) agency life.
Some ad agencies have even managed to attract quite a big audience with hundreds of thousands of followers and now use their accounts, as a digital influencer would do, to orchestrate the launch of campaigns for the brands that they work for.
Why ad agencies are so keen to jump on new social platforms
Basically, ad agency staffers are always eager to try new digital things to see early on how to use them and if they can be worthwhile for their clients once they gain traction.
Early Snapchat accounts help ad agencies apprehend the platform and also serve as a testing ground for ideas that will eventually be sold to clients.
Remember the early days of Vine where agencies would experiment with short-motion videos thinking that it would become the preferred use case for the platform. It turned out that the 6-second video app finally took off thanks to short-form comedy, memes and sport replay videos.
How do ad agencies use Snapchat
Snapchat has been around since 2011 and once it shook off its early image as a sexting app for teens and became the preferred messaging for the young generation, it became a social media platform impossible not to consider.
Some early users of the platform have found incredible success on the platform (such as Jérome Jarre or Shaun McBride, aka Shonduras). It wasn't long before celebrities jumped on the platform and adopted it massively (just like Facebook, Twitter or Instagram before).
And like the other leading social platforms, Snapchat has its own particularities that one must understand in order to succeed on it.
That's why the ad agencies accounts on the platform are heavily relying on the best practices set up by Snapchat celebrities and media accounts:
account takeovers by agencies staff
by agencies staff playfulness attitude through filters
use of geofilters
risk-free mentality encouraged by ephemeral life span of messages
of messages interaction with viewers via private messages
use of vertical videos (vs horizontal videos)
(vs horizontal videos) use of front-facing camera pointing at the user (vs what the user is looking at)
Which ad agencies are already on Snapchat
For now, only some ad agencies (especially those that specialized in social media campaigns for their clients) have a regular presence on Snapchat and publish new stories almost daily.
The main ad agencies that you can find on Snapchat:
VaynerMedia (vaynermedia)
(vaynermedia) MRY (mryagency)
(mryagency) Mullen Lowe Group (mullenlowegroup)
(mullenlowegroup) Huge (hugesnaps)
(hugesnaps) McKinney (mckinneysnaps)
(mckinneysnaps) RPA (rpa.advertising)
(rpa.advertising) Marcel Worldwide (marcelagency)
(marcelagency) Ogilvy & Mather (ogilvy)
(ogilvy) DigitasLBi (digitaslbi)
(digitaslbi) FF Group (fredfaridgroup)
(fredfaridgroup) Brokaw (brokawinc)
(brokawinc) Sid Lee (sidlee)
Something tells us that all the major ad agencies that are already active on Twitter and Instagram will eventually follow suit and also adopt Snapchat.
By Najlaa Abou Mehri and Linda Sills
BBC Radio 4, Crossing Continents
Young Arab women wait in an upmarket medical clinic for an operation that will not only change their lives, but quite possibly save it. Yet the operation is a matter of choice and not necessity. It costs about 2,000 euros (£1,700) and carries very little risk. The clinic is not in Dubai or Cairo, but in Paris. And the surgery they are waiting for is to restore their virginity. Whether in Asia or the Arab world, an unknown number of women face an agonising problem having broken a deep taboo. They've had sex outside marriage and if found out, risk being ostracised by their communities, or even murdered. Sonia says she considered suicide after her first sexual relationship Now more and more of them are undergoing surgery to re-connect their hymens and hide any sign of past sexual activity. They want to ensure that blood is spilled on their wedding night sheets. The social pressure is so great that some women have even taken their own lives. Sonia wants to remain anonymous for fear of reprisal. She is a slender young brunette studying at art college in Paris. Although born in France, Arab culture and traditions are central to Sonia's life. Life was strict growing up under the watchful eyes of a large traditional Arab family. Virginity certificates "I thought of suicide after my first sexual relationship," she says, "because I couldn't see any other solution." But Sonia did find a solution. She eventually went to the Paris clinic of Dr Marc Abecassis to have surgery to restore her hymen. She says she will never reveal her secret to anyone, especially her husband to be. I believe we as doctors have no right to decide for her or judge her
Dr Abecassis "I consider this is my sex life and I don't have to tell anyone about it," she says. It's men that are obliging her to lie about it, she says. Dr Abecassis performs a "hymenoplasty" as it's called, at least two to three times a week. Re-connecting the tissue of the hymen takes about 30 minutes under local anaesthetic. He says the average age of the patient is about 25, and they come from all social backgrounds. Although the surgery is performed in clinics around the world, Dr Abecassis is one of the few Arab surgeons who talk openly about it. Some of the women come to him because they need virginity certificates in order to marry. "She can be in danger because sometimes it's a matter of traditions and family," says Dr Abecassis. "I believe we as doctors have no right to decide for her or judge her." With Chinese manufacturers leading the way, there are now non-surgical options on the market as well. One website sells artificial hymens for just £20 (23 euros). The Chinese hymen is made of elastic and filled with fake blood. Once inserted in the vagina, the woman can simulate virginity, the company claims. 'Caught out' But this was not an option for Nada. As a young girl growing up in the Lebanese countryside she fell in love and lost her virginity. "I was scared my family would find out especially since they didn't approve of my relationship," she says. "I was terrified they might kill me." After seven years in the relationship, her lover's family wanted him to marry someone else. Nada attempted suicide. "I got a bottle of Panadol and a bottle of household chemicals," she says. "I drank them and said, 'That's it'." Even if society accepts such a thing, I would still refuse to marry her
Noor Nada is now 40, and found out about surgical hymen restoration just six years ago. She married and had two children. Her wedding night was a stressful ordeal. "I didn't sleep that night. I was crying," she says. "I was very scared but he didn't suspect anything." It's a secret that Nada - which is not her real name - will carry to her grave. "I am ready to hide it until death," she says. "Only God will know about it." But it's not only the older generation that subscribes to traditional views about sex before marriage, when it comes to choosing a wife. Noor is a trendy professional who works in Damascus. He's fairly representative of young Syrian men in a secular society. But although Noor says he believes in equality for women, underneath the liberal facade lies a deep-rooted conservatism. "I know girls who went through this restoration and they were caught out on their wedding night by their husbands," he says. "They realised they weren't virgins. Even if society accepts such a thing, I would still refuse to marry her." Muslim clerics are quick to point out that the virginity issue is not about religion. "We should remember that when people wait for the virgin's blood to be spilled on the sheet, these are all cultural traditions," says Syrian cleric, Sheikh Mohamad Habash. "This is not related to Shariah law." Christian communities in the Middle East are often just as firm in their belief that women should be virgins when they marry. Arab writer and social commentator, Sana Al Khayat believes the whole issue has much to with the notion of "control". "If she's a virgin, she doesn't have any way of comparing [her husband to other men]. If she's been with other men, then she has experience. Having experience makes women stronger." It may be the 21st Century but the issue of virginity in Arab culture can still be a matter of life and death, especially for women like Sonia and Nada. And while hymen repair may be a quick fix, it can't reconcile centuries of ingrained tradition with the attitudes of modern society. You can also listen to Crossing Continents on the BBC iPlayer or subscribe to the podcast .
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LEE COUNTY, Ala. (WHNT) - The man who poisoned the oak trees at Toomer's Corner in Auburn is out of jail. He was released Monday morning.
Harvey Updyke spent the last six months in the Lee County jail serving part of his sentence. The rest of his sentence, which is five more years, is supervised probation.
Updyke will have a 7 p.m. curfew, he won't be allowed to talk to the media and he is not allowed to attend any collegiate-level sporting events.
Updyke poised the Toomer's trees sometime after the 2010 Iron Bowl. He later called the Paul Finebaum Radio Show to brag about it.
The trees were cut down April 23. Auburn plans to replace the trees, but for now, a temporary rolling spot has been erected.
New Orleans is awash in fried chicken joints. Hundreds of corner stores, delis, cafes and restaurants proper serve it daily with quality ranging from inedible to nearly sublime.
You can get two pieces for a dollar served in a greasy, brown paper sack at a 9th Ward curb-store, and you can pay 50 bucks a plate and have it delivered to your table on fine china in New Orleans Garden District neighborhood.
Countless home cooks round out the scrum by rolling up their sleeves each night before plundering young hens and dredging them in secret family recipes before consigning the hapless birds to old iron pans filled with hot fat.
New Orleans is a fried chicken town.
But until now there has not been a city-wide celebration devoted to the food.
Sunday, September 25th 2016 at Lafayette Square in the Central Business District, the first annual New Orleans Fried Chicken Festival will take place.
Cleveland Spears and the Spears Group are promoting the event. They're also behind Dinner en Blanc; that's the exclusive party they throw each year where they charge a fee and you provide your own food, drink and table and chairs. And thousands of people willingly pay for the privilege.
I found a long list of restaurants that are taking part in the fete. I winnowed it down a bit and offer it here.
Delpit's Chicken Shack
Bayou Hot Wings
Fiorella's Cafe
McHardy's Fried Chicken
Roux Bistro
Koreole
Milkfish
Koz's
Nana G's Chicken & Waffles
Tracey's Original Irish Channel Bar
Frazier's Connection
Jazz City Cafe
Cafe Reconicle
The Fry Bar
Tiger's Creole Cuisine
Sweet Legacy
Porter & Luke's.
There will also be a fried chicken eating contest and an amateur cook-off for the budding Austin Leslies of the region.
LONDON — The question of who will be the next James - or Jane - Bond has been debated furiously ever since Daniel Craig started suggesting he was ready to holster the PPK for good.
Idris Elba, Tom Hiddleston and more recently Gillian Anderson have been discussed for the role as speculation reaches fever pitch, with Emilia Clarke the latest to throw her hat in the ring.
But who do the public really think should, or could, be the next Bond?
We took a look at some of the data around the online James Bond discussion to dig out the names that come up in searches, on bets and across social media to determine who's really driving the discussion online.
It's Bond. Jane Bond.
Thanks for all the votes! (And sorry, don't know who made poster but I love it!) #NextBond pic.twitter.com/f8GC4ZuFgL — Gillian Anderson (@GillianA) May 21, 2016
First up, we spoke to Google Trends and got some interesting observations. They revealed the most searched names next to the phrase "next Bond" in the UK and globally over the week leading up to last Friday and the year to date.
The top 10 most searched "next Bond" actors in the UK in the 7 days to May 27:
1. Tom Hiddleston
2. Aidan Turner
3. Tom Hardy
4. Idris Elba
5. Damian Lewis
6. Henry Cavill
7. Michael Fassbender
8. Gillian Anderson
9. James Norton
10. Luke Evans
The top ten of most searched actors in the UK that week yielded some of the usual suspects, with Tom Hiddleston and Aidan Turner top, but also threw up Michael Fassbender, Damian Lewis and Henry Cavill.
James Norton and Luke Evans, meanwhile, were also in the mix. The former is a Brit best known for his roles in Happy Valley and War & Peace, while the latter shot to international fame in Clash of the Titans and starred in The Hobbit. Both have been tipped for the role for some time, but their names are still making the top ten.
Gillian Anderson was the only female in the list.
Luke Evans' name came up in both the UK and US searches. Image: Dave J Hogan/Getty Images
Globally, meanwhile, Idris Elba is higher up the list. He's at second place instead of fourth, but the line-up remains pretty similar.
Top 10 most searched "next Bond" actors globally in the last 7 days:
1. Tom Hiddleston
2. Idris Elba
3. Tom Hardy
4. Aidan Turner
5. Damian Lewis
6. Gillian Anderson
7. Henry Cavill
8. Michael Fassbender
9. James Norton
10. Luke Evans
Looking back over a broader period of time, for the whole of 2016 so far, Clive Owen and - somewhat improbably - Jason Statham are in the mix for UK searches.
Top 10 most searched "next Bond" actors in the UK in 2016:
1. Tom Hiddleston
2. Tom Hardy
3. Idris Elba
4. Aidan Turner
5. Damian Lewis
6. Henry Cavill
7. James Norton
8. Michael Fassbender
9. Clive Owen
10. Jason Statham
Globally for the year, Idris Elba tops the list, with Tom Hardy second.
Top 10 most searched "next Bond" actors globally in 2016:
1. Idris Elba
2. Tom Hardy
3. Tom Hiddleston
4. Damian Lewis
5. Henry Cavill
6. Aidan Turner
7. James Norton
8. Michael Fassbender
9. Jason Statham
10. Luke Evans
Betting habits also give an insight into the public's choice for the candidate and take us a little further away from the obvious choices.
"We've been taking bets on this market ever since Daniel Craig took the role and in that time we've taken over 5,041 bets amounting to just under £30,000 ($43,580) on 116 different individuals," Paddy Power's Feilim Mac An Iomaire told Mashable.
The bookmakers offer a range of choices, from the obvious (Hiddleston at 4/9) to the less likely (Jamie Dornan at 66/1) to the freakishly bizarre (politician and former Conservative party leader William Hague at 200/1).
Image: paddy power
Their list of odds throw up some intriguing possibilities. Tim Roth or Sam Riley taking up the mantle? We could just about see it. Alan Carr, not so much.
When compiling the list, Paddy Power starts with rumours and adds in people who are available as well as anyone who mentions the role publicly.
"Customers suggestions and requests also form the runners," Mac An Iomaire adds. "Interestingly we always receive a spike in these suggestions during awards season as customers look to back those who were photographed looking dapper as hell in a tux."
This man will never be Bond. Image: Getty Images
"Over the course of the last four years, the faves have been Idris Elba, Tom Hardy, Sam Worthington, Orlando Bloom, Damian Lewis, Aidan Turner and Michael Fassbender. Of those, Tom Hardy and Idris Elba would be the constants with neither having been out of the top five since 2011."
More recently, 25% of total cash placed in the last month has been for Tom Hiddleston, Paddy Power say. At one point he was as short as 1/8 but he's since lengthened to 4/9.
Of course, odds are often wrong. Ellie Goulding was long favourite to record the Spectre theme, which went to Sam Smith in the end.
David Oyelowo has been mooted as Bond by Twitter users. Image: Christopher Polk/Getty Images
We also asked Twitter's data team for their insight. They sent over a top ten list in order of the most rumoured candidates, by matching actors' names to hashtags including #bond, #JamesBond and #007.
Twitter's top 10 list in order of the most rumoured candidates to be the next Bond:
1. Idris Elba
2. Tom Hiddleston
3. Gillian Anderson
4. Tom Hardy
5. David Oyelowo
6. Damian Lewis
7. Henry Cavill
8. Jamie Bell
9. Luke Evans
10. Michael Fassbender
Idris Elba is again the clear winner here, with David Oyelowo also making an appearance.
Twitter says it's seen hundreds of thousands of tweets on the platform discussing who could become the next Bond.
Overall then, Tom Hiddleston and Idris Elba look like the ones to beat, if public interest is taken into account. But we wouldn't bet against Tom Hardy either.
Bond director Mendes, however, said this week it could be none of them.
"It's not a democracy," he told an audience at the Hay Festival in Wales.
“It's not the X Factor, it's not the EU referendum, it's not a public vote. Barbara Broccoli chooses who's going to be the next Bond: end of story."
“Without that, there would be no Daniel Craig because public support for Daniel was zero."
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
Chargers offensive lineman D.J. Fluker suffered a concussion during Sunday's game against the Chiefs, hours after an independent neurologist cleared his return from a concussion that he suffered four days earlier, sources said Tuesday.
Fluker reported concussion-like symptoms, including headaches, following the 33-3 loss at Qualcomm Stadium. He since has re-entered the league protocol, and his status is considered very much in doubt for Sunday's game against the Jaguars.
This is the fourth known concussion of Fluker's career.
The first three all came during a Wednesday practice, one in each of his three NFL seasons. He missed the ensuing Sunday game after his first concussion but played that same Sunday on the next two.
Under the current NFL protocol, there is no minimum number of days or games that a concussed player must be sidelined before returning to play. All concussions are considered unique, and the speed at which a player progresses through a five-step protocol — rest and recovery; light aerobic exercise; strength training with continued exercise; football-specific activities and drills without contact; clearance to play — without setback is determined by his perceived recovery.
That Fluker, 24, suffered another concussion Sunday does not indicate a failure, be it by the independent neurologist or the Chargers, to adhere to the protocol in place. That said, one person close to Fluker expressed desire before Sunday's game that he wouldn't play, citing the context of the situation: The concussion was Fluker's third, it occurred in such close proximity to the game, and the Chargers were 2-7.
The team's loss, its sixth straight, dropped it to 2-8.
Fluker is now at four.
Return-to-play policies vary by sport. USA Rugby, for example, requires all concussed adults to have one full week of rest before, if symptom free, beginning a five-day clearance protocol. Youth and high school rugby players must wait two weeks before eligible for the five-day protocol.
Fluker, a former first-round pick from Alabama, said in 2013 that his rookie-year concussion was the first and hopefully last of his career. It came when he, a right tackle at the time, collided with a guard during a practice drill. The 6-foot-5, 339-pound lineman moved positions from right tackle to guard this August during training camp.
“I don't recall getting popped," Fluker said in 2013. "I was walking, but I could not see. I thought I was going to go blind, for real. A certain hit, you can go blind. It blurs your vision. ... This (right) side of my brain felt slow. I was slow processing things. I got the feeling like it was dragging. The side of my face felt numb a little bit.”
The Chargers entered last weekend with nine concussions diagnosed this regular season, most in the NFL.
That number jumped to 12 on Sunday. Nose tackle Sean Lissemore and safety Jahleel Addae exited the Chiefs game in the first and third quarter, respectively. It is not known at what point in the game Fluker was concussed; he played all 60 of the team's offensive snaps.
After the game, Fluker declined an interview request in the locker room. He was not attempted to be reached Tuesday for this story, as NFL media policy prohibits players who are in concussion protocol to be interviewed. A Chargers spokesman declined comment.
The team will hold its first practice of the week on Wednesday.
People new to oil-free vegan diets often ask what they can put on baked potatoes. If you're used to using margarine or butter, it can be intimidating to be told that you need to either (a) get used to potatoes plain or with new toppings such as salsa or (b) make a cheesy sauce or gravy from scratch.
I've been eating a lot of potatoes lately while following my personal version of the McDougall Maximum Weight Loss Plan, and I can tell you from experience that (a) I don't care for salsa on baked potatoes and (b) if I had to make a difficult sauce in order to eat them I never would.
Instead, I make a gravy that's so ridiculously easy that I wasn't going to write about it here. After all, I already have a mushroom gravy that is very popular, though a little more time-consuming to make. But then I posted the following photo of my breakfast on my Instagram account, and a couple of people wanted the recipe:
It's practically not a recipe, just a proportion of ingredients: 9 stands for 9 parts liquid, 1 stands for 1 part brown rice flour, and the other 1 stands for 1 teaspoon of seasoning (or 1 tablespoon if you're really into seasonings.)
But 911 is also the code for emergencies, and when you need gravy but you don't have any mushrooms or onions or other fresh vegetables, this recipe will save you and your baked potatoes. Of course, if you have fresh ingredients to add, so much the better, but this recipe is perfect for all of you mushroom haters out there. And it's gluten-free, so it's safe to serve to any gluten-sensitive guests at your holiday table.
Try it on Fat-Free Vegan Biscuits!
Print 5 from 11 votes Add to Recipe BoxGo to Recipe Box 911 Vegan Gravy This basic gravy is endlessly adaptable. The only limit is your imagination. See the notes below for some seasoning suggestions. Prep Time 1 minute Cook Time 15 minutes Total Time 16 minutes Servings 8 Author Susan Voisin, FatFree Vegan Kitchen Ingredients 2 1/4 cups vegetable broth or a combination of broth and non-dairy milk
1/4 cup brown rice flour
1 - 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning or your choice of seasonings see notes
generous grating of black pepper
soy sauce, tamari, or salt to taste Instructions Combine all ingredients in a medium-sized saucepan. Cook, stirring, over medium-high heat until gravy boils and thickens. Check seasonings and add more than needed. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring often, for about 5 minutes. If it's too thick, add additional broth or non-dairy milk to thin. Notes I like to use Add nutritional yeast. I often add a tablespoon or two to increase the richness and the flavor of the gravy. Make this fancy by sautéing onions, mushrooms, and garlic (or any combination of the three) before adding the other ingredients. Add Use more non-dairy milk for a creamier gravy. (In these photos I used 2 cups broth to 1/4 cup cashew milk. You can use up to half non-dairy milk.) For extra flavor, add a little vegetable bouillon in addition to the broth. I like No-Chicken-style broth in this and usually use either Imagine No-Chicken or Edward & Sons Not-Chick'n Bouillon I like to use poultry seasoning because its combination of herbs tastes like Thanksgiving to me. But feel free to use whatever seasonings you like. Thyme, sage, rosemary, onion powder, and garlic powder in various combinations will give you a similar flavor, and you can increase the flavor by adding any of them along with the poultry seasoning.Add nutritional yeast. I often add a tablespoon or two to increase the richness and the flavor of the gravy.Make this fancy by sautéing onions, mushrooms, and garlic (or any combination of the three) before adding the other ingredients.Add smoked salt for a "bacon gravy" flavor.Use more non-dairy milk for a creamier gravy. (In these photos I used 2 cups broth to 1/4 cup cashew milk. You can use up to half non-dairy milk.)For extra flavor, add a little vegetable bouillon in addition to the broth. Nutrition Facts 911 Vegan Gravy Amount Per Serving (0 g) Calories 22 Calories from Fat 1 % Daily Value* Total Fat 0.14g 0% Sodium 146mg 6% Total Carbohydrates 4.5g 2% Protein 0.4g 1% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet. Tried this recipe? Post a photo and mention @susanffvk or tag #fatfreevegan
I hope you don't have a gravy emergency this holiday season, but if you do, just remember 9-1-1.
Please pin and share!
Happy Thanksgiving!
“The only question in life is whether or not you are going to answer a hearty ‘Yes!' to your adventure.” — Joseph Campbell
Tournament of Roses President Mike Matthiessen chose this year's parade theme to inspire everyone to get out and explore.
“Take the family to the beach; take a walk in the redwoods; just do something different this week,” he said.
Matthiessen was also inspired by the National Park Service and their upcoming centennial year.
Believing the birthday celebration required more than just a float entry for the 2016 Rose Parade, a partnership between the Tournament and the NPS was born.
“Our whole thing is we want to try and reach new audiences and this is a great opportunity,” said Kate Kuykendall, public affairs officer at the Santa Monica Mountains (SMM) National Recreation Area.
Of course, Tournament President Mike Matthiessen had the partnership in mind when he decided on the theme for the 127th edition of the parade – “Find Your Adventure.”
“I hope anyone looking at (the theme poster), the scenes from east coast to west coast, will stimulate and challenge them to expand their adventures,” said Matthiessen.
He hopes everyone can relate to the theme whether they find adventure spontaneously one day or within a planned outing.
The parade theme was coined to coincide with the NPS' “Find Your Park,” a two-year public engagement campaign to increase awareness and involvement in the NPS and National Park Foundation ahead of the centennial, officially in August 2016.
NPS cares for 405 national parks as well as works with communities across the nation to help preserve local history and create accessible recreational opportunities.
As part of the campaign, select NPS employees were tasked as Centennial Ambassadors, to help spread the message about the campaign and to reach out to the next generation of park stewards.
“The whole idea of the NPS is to preserve these special places,” said Kuykendall. “It's an important time to reflect on the parks that we've preserved and to look forward to the next 100 years, and to cultivate that next generation (of preservationists).”
The NPS wants people to learn about all the parks have to offer, noted Kuykendall, and not just the larger national parks.
“(At Santa Monica), we have a pretty amazing ecosystem,” she said. “And the fact that we have so much open space, outside of a large metropolitan area, it's an escape from the city.”
When announcing the parade's Grand Marshal, Matthiessen called filmmaker Ken Burns “an artist who reveals and reveres the adventure in all of us.”
In a video message during the announcement, Burns genuinely shared his excitement for the theme and the grand honor.
“As an honorary park ranger, I couldn't be prouder (of the theme), and I encourage everyone, especially children, to get out and find your park,” he said.
Burns' 2009 documentary series, “The National Parks: America's Best Idea,” highlighted the history of the National Park Service and the beauty found in our own backyards. PBS plans to rebroadcast the series in April.
“Our National Parks belong to all of us; they are part of our heritage and our future,” said Burns.
The Rose Parade has always been surrounded by adventures, though.
The Valley Hunt Club started the parade to invite East Coasters to venture out West and enjoy the balmy California winter weather.
And for more than a century now, high school bands, equestrian groups and communities, both near and far, have started out on their own adventures, months and years earlier, to prepare and make it to this grandest of New Year's Day celebrations.
Matthiessen said he hopes parade viewers will be inspired by the parade entries to plan their adventures for the new year.
“Our 44 floats are going to have 44 different ideas and inspirations for their adventure,” said Matthiessen.
Just a week after the unveiling of Ionity, the new ‘ultra-fast' joint electric car charging network by BMW, Mercedes, Ford and Volkswagen, electric utility E.ON is one-upping them with the announcement of its own ‘ultra-fast' charging network across Europe.
The difference is that the company is a lot more ambitious in terms of the number of charge points.
Ionity aims to have 400 stations across Europe by the end of the decade while E.ON is aiming for 10,000 charge points. Neither confirmed how it may charge point per station, but with an average of fewer than 6 charge point per station, it's extremely likely that E.ON's network is going to be wider.
Like Ionity, the company is talking about “ultra-fast charging” with charge rates between 150 kW and 350 kW.
They wrote in a press release today:
“The ultra-fast charging network, offering 150 kW of charging power with a modular upgrade option to 350 kW, will enable charging of a full 400 kilometres range battery in only 20-30 minutes. E.ON is targeting 10,000 charging points throughout Europe by 2020.”
The network adds to E.ON's existing electric car charging assets. The company already has a network of charging points throughout Europe. it's most extensive in Demark where the company claims to have 2,000 charging points alone. In Nottingham in the UK, they have deployed the city's entire electric bus infrastructure with 60 bus charging points installed.
In the Czech Republic, they have also built a very cool charging station combining Tesla's Supercharger and their EV chargers for other electric vehicles.
But at this station for example, Tesla's Superchargers had a potential charge rate of up to 145 kW, while E.ON had a CHAdeMO charger capped at 50 kW and a CCS charger also capped at 50 kW.
Now, their new network will enable much faster charging up to 350 kW.
Right now, there's no electric car that can accept this charge rate, but several automakers are working on electric cars able to accept that kind of power. It looks like E.ON will be ready to support them in masses by 2020.
With the announcement of the charging network today, they have also released a few cool videos about EVs:
The Texas State baseball team earned a hard-fought 12-11 upset victory over No. 22 Oklahoma State Saturday afternoon at Allie P. Reynolds Stadium.The Bobcats improved to 3-4 on the year in a marathon contest that last 4 hours, 6 minutes. The Cowboys dropped to 3-3.Texas State never trailed in the game but could not quite put away OSU until the very final out was recorded.TXST initially pushed ahead in the second inning after scoring four runs with two outs, but Oklahoma State cut the lead in half with single tallies in the home halves of the second and third frames.OSU spotted the Bobcats a five-run lead by allowing three more in the top of the fourth, but the home side brought around five in the fifth inning to tie proceedings at 7-7.Juniorbelted a two-run homer in the sixth, but the Cowboys quickly answered with a pair of runs in the home half of the frame to pull even.TXST scored once in the seventh, but OSU again responded in the eighth to equalize for the third and final time at 10-10.Juniordrew a full-count walk to lead off the ninth. Fellow junior, pinch-running for Huber, later scored on a Scheible single to right field that included a throwing error. The error moved Scheible to third, and he scored what would become the game-winning run on a sacrifice fly from juniorOklahoma State got an RBI double and the tying run over to third in the bottom of the ninth, but juniorstruck out Dustin Williams to end the game.Walden (2-0) earned the win on the mound after throwing the final 1.2 innings. He allowed one run on two hits. Sophomoretook the ball first and left after 4.0 frames. He struck out five, walked four and gave up three runs on two hits. Senior, junior, sophomoreand true freshmanall logged time on the mound between Engle and Walden.Scheible went 4-for-5 at the plate and tied the school record by scoring five times. He also registered a career-high four runs batted in to go along with a career high in hits.Paul went 3-for-5 with three RBIs and one run scored, and sophomorefinished 3-for-6 with an RBI. Sophomorecontinued his hot streak of late, as he went 2-for-5 with two RBIs and two runs scored.Overall, Texas State outhit Oklahoma State 17-11.Travis Wacker paced the Cowboys with a 3-for-4 effort that included two RBIs and one run. Ryan Sluder finished 2-for-4 with an RBI and three runs scored, while Garrett Benge was 2-for-5 with three RBIs and one run. Michael Neustifter failed to register a hit but was able to score twice, and Andrew Rosa also touched home twice.Jonathan Heasley (1-1) suffered the loss for OSU after conceding two runs on one hit in the final inning. Starter Jensen Elliott was pulled after giving up seven runs on 10 hits in 4.0 innings. Reid Morgan, Joe Lienhard and Parker Scott combined to allow three runs on six hits in the middle 4.0 frames.The two programs will battle for a series victory beginning at 1 p.m. Feb. 26.-TxStateBobcats.com-
You may recall a recent change at the Library of Congress wherein they decided to abandon the term “illegal alien” in favor of “noncitizen.” Clearly words matter these days, and we wouldn't want to hurt anyone's feelings even if the accuracy of our language must take a few hits in the process of creating a kinder and gentler lexicon. Lest we think this was a one off event, the trend is spreading to the Department of Justice now. The nation's top legal enforcers will be similarly modifying their language to remove such offense terms as felon and convict. No… I'm not making this up. (Daily Caller)
An official with the Department of Justice said the agency will no longer call people “felons” or “convicts” after they are released from prison because it is too hard on them emotionally. Assistant Attorney General Karol Mason wrote a piece in The Washington Post Wednesday saying “many of the formerly incarcerated men, women, and young people I talk with say that no punishment is harsher than being permanently branded a ‘felon' or ‘offender.'” Mason said the decision is not to condone their behavior, but to use words to help them reenter society.
As ridiculous as this may sound, it's possible to sympathize with Mason's underlying motives here. In an ideal world you'd like to see the corrections process be a system where people learn from the errors of their ways and return from incarceration as reformed members of society who are ready to take on a productive role. There's another entire debate to be had over whether recidivism rates are so high because the penal system adds to the burden of those exiting prison or if they were simply bound for a life of crime in any event.
But at the same time, there is a price to be paid for violating the law and choosing to exist outside the normal boundaries of civilization, and that continues on after having done your time. Employers can and should take previous actions into account when it comes to crime in the same fashion as they evaluate previous job performance. Surely an applicant who has a proven record of stealing from their employer can be fairly judged in the same way they would be if they'd been repeatedly discharged for incompetence.
Going beyond that, how much less judgemental will the new language be? Mason is proposing using phrases including, “person who committed a crime” and “individual who was incarcerated.” Here's where we come to a key distinction between the LoC decision about the term “illegal alien” and the Department of Justice. The former is rewriting the books and changing – or at least confusing – the meaning of the language. But all Mason is doing is substituting a definition of a word for the word itself. A person who committed a crime is, in fact, a felon if the crime was a felony. Similarly, prisoners who were incarcerated were obviously convicted of something, making them convicts. Should we stop referring to them as “prisoners” while they're still in the slammer?
We're seeing more and more political correctness in the federal government these days. It accomplishes nothing at best and muddies the waters of communication in most cases. But I suppose it wins a few votes for Democrats in the fall and makes people feel better so it's all good, right?
A Republican congressman's claim that advances in science and technology mean pregnancy no longer threatens a woman's life and health doesn't stand up to scientific scrutiny.
In fact, conditions ranging from ectopic pregnancy, in which an embryo implants outside the uterus, to preeclampsia, which causes skyrocketing blood pressure and can lead to strokes and seizures, can and do threaten the lives of pregnant women. Preeclampsia and gestational high blood pressure occur in about 6 percent to 8 percent of U.S. pregnancies, according to the National Institutes of Health (NIH).
Rep. Joe Walsh (R-Ill.) told reporters Thursday night that he is anti-abortion without exception for rape, incest, or life or health of the mother, Radio 720 WGN in Chicago reported. He defended his stance on the life-and-health exceptions by saying, "This is an issue that opponents of [pro-] life throw out there to make us look unreasonable. There is no such exception as life of the mother and as far as health of the mother, same thing, with advances in science and technology, health of the mother has become a tool for abortions for any time under any reason."
Statistics tell a different story. In fact, though pregnancy-related deaths fell dramatically in the 20th century, they have been on the rise since 1987, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. There were 7.2 deaths per 100,000 live births in 1987. By 2003, that number had risen to 14.5 deaths per 100,000 live births. [6 Politicians Who Got the Science Wrong]
Better recordkeeping may account for some of the rise, according to the CDC, but an increase in chronic conditions such as hypertension, diabetes and obesity may also explain the increased risk of complications.
And despite Walsh's comments, pregnancy complications can't always be solved by modern technology. Ectopic pregnancy, for example, affects 19.7 out of every 1,000 North American pregnancies, according to a paper published in February 2000 in the journal American Family Physician. In these cases, embryos almost always implant in the fallopian tubes, the connection between the ovaries and the uterus. The fallopian tubes aren't capable of supporting a pregnancy; a growing embryo will rupture them, which can cause uncontrollable bleeding. There is no technology available to save these pregnancies.
Some ectopic pregnancies miscarry on their own, but most require a surgical or medical abortion to prevent those life-threatening ruptures.
Preeclampsia is another pregnancy condition that stumps modern medicine. The condition usually develops after 20 weeks of gestation for reasons not fully understood. The only treatment is delivery.
Embolism (when a clot blocks a blood vessel), hemorrhage and the exacerbation of pre-existing conditions such as diabetes or heart disease are the top causes of pregnancy-related death, according to a 2003 paper published in the journal Obstetrics & Gynecology. That study also found that pregnancy complications are not equal-opportunity killers. Black women were nearly four times as likely as white women to die because of pregnancy. Teens and women in their late 30s or older were also at higher risk of pregnancy-related deaths.
Walsh joins several other politicians this election cycle in glossing over scientific fact in pursuit of an ideological point. In August, Rep. Todd Akin (R-Mo.) claimed that the female body "has ways to try to shut that whole thing down" in regards to pregnancy from rape. (Akin walked back his comments after a public outcry.) And earlier this month, Rep. Paul Broun (R-Ga.), a member of the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology, said that he believes the Earth is 9,000 years old, calling evolution, the Big Bang Theory and embryology "lies straight from the pit of hell."
Follow Stephanie Pappas on Twitter @sipappas or LiveScience @livescience. We're also on Facebook & Google+.
Copyright 2012 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Modus operandi
Por Pedro Canário
Se é recente o primeiro julgamento de mérito de Habeas Corpus da operação “lava jato” pelo Supremo Tribunal Federal, o trabalho do juiz federal Sergio Fernando Moro, responsável pelos processos da operação, já é discutido pelo STF e pelo Conselho Nacional de Justiça há alguns anos. Ao longo de sua carreira, Moro foi alvo de procedimentos administrativos no órgão por conta de sua conduta, considerada parcial e até incompatível com o Código de Ética da Magistratura. Todos os procedimentos foram arquivados e correram sob sigilo.
Entre as reclamações há o caso em que ele mandou a Polícia Federal oficiar a todas as companhias aéreas para saber os voos em que os advogados de um investigado estavam. Ou quando ele determinou a gravação de vídeos de conversas de presos com advogados e até familiares por causa da presença de traficantes no presídio federal de Catanduvas (PR).
Sergio Moro oficiou companhias aéreas para que informassem sobre todos os voos de advogados de investigado.
O caso das companhias aéreas é famoso entre os advogados do Sul do Brasil. Ganhou destaque depois que a 2ª Turma do Supremo mandou os autos do processo para as corregedorias do CNJ e do Tribunal Regional Federal da 4ª Região para que apurassem irregularidades. Um Habeas Corpus (95.518) alegava suspeição de Sergio Moro. O Supremo entendeu que não houve suspeição, mas que “há fatos impregnados de subjeição” — clique aqui para ler o acórdão.
Foi um dos episódios da atribulada investigação sobre evasão de divisas para o exterior conhecida como caso Banestado, nos anos 1990. Foi esse o processo que deixou Sergio Moro famoso e o levou às manchetes nacionais pela primeira vez.
Passo a passo
O HC rejeitado pelo Supremo pretendia anular a investigação por imparcialidade de Sergio Moro, o que o tornaria suspeito para julgar o caso. O processo ficou famoso porque Moro decretou, em 2007, a prisão preventiva de um dos investigados, que não foi encontrado no seu endereço em Curitiba. Estava no Paraguai, onde também tinha uma casa.
Moro não sabia. Por isso mandou a PF oficiar a todas as companhias aéreas e a Infraero para ficar informado sobre os voos com origem em Ciudad del Este, no Paraguai, ou Foz do Iguaçu, para Curitiba a fim de que se encontrasse o investigado. Também mandou fazer o mesmo com os voos de Porto Alegre para Curitiba, já que os advogados do investigado, Andrei Zenkner Schmidt e Cezar Roberto Bittencourt, poderiam estar neles.
Segundo o HC impetrado pelos advogados, Moro também expediu quatro mandados de prisão com os mesmos fundamentos, to-dos revogados pelo Tribunal Regional Federal da 4ª Região; determinou o sequestro prévio de bens do investigado por entender que os bens apresentados por ele seriam insuficientes para ressarcir os cofres públicos em caso de condenação.
“Magistrado investigador”
O HC foi rejeitado por quatro votos a um. A maioria dos ministros da 2ª Turma do Supremo — por coincidência, colegiado prevento para julgar a “lava jato” — seguiu o voto do relator, ministro Eros Grau, segundo o qual havia indícios de subjetividade, mas nada que provasse suspeição ou parcialidade do juiz.
Quem ficou vencido foi o ministro Celso de Mello. O decano do STF se referiu a “fatos extremamente preocupantes”, como “o monitoramento de advogados” e o “retardamento do cumprimento de uma ordem emanada do TRF-4”.
“Não sei até que ponto a sucessão dessas diversas condutas não poderia gerar a própria inabilitação do magistrado para atuar naquela causa, com nulidade dos atos por ele praticados”, votou Celso. “O interesse pessoal que o magistrado revela em determinado procedimento persecutório, adotando medidas que fogem à ortodoxia dos meios que o ordenamento positivo coloca à disposição do poder público, transformando-se a atividade do magistrado numa atividade de verdadeira investigação penal. É o magistrado investigador.”
Moro atua como "magistrado investigador", disse ministro Celso de Mello, ao julgar caso no STF.
Nelson Jr./SCO/STF
Os demais ministros argumentaram que todas as ordens de prisão expedidas por Moro foram fundamentadas, embora posteriormente cassadas pelo tribunal, o que faz parte do devido processo legal. Mas Celso de Mello respondeu que o problema não é a ausência de fundamentação ou o conteúdo delas, mas “a conduta que ele [Moro] revelou ao longo deste procedimento”.
O ministro listou, ainda em seu voto, as normas que estariam sendo violadas pelo juiz. Ele questiona: "[Ao negar o HC], nós não estaríamos validando um comportamento transgressor de prerrogativas básicas? Consagradas não apenas na nossa Constituição, mas em declarações de direitos promulgadas no âmbito global pela ONU, a Declaração Universal dos Direitos da pessoa Humana, de 1948, a Convenção Americana de Direitos Humanos de 1969, o Pacto Internacional de Direitos civis e Políticos de 66, a Carta Europeia de Direitos Fundamentais, de 2000.”
O ministro Gilmar Mendes discordou da decisão de anular a investigação, porque a sentença condenatória foi mantida pelo TRF-4. Mas concordou que “todos os fatos aqui narrados são lamentáveis de toda ordem”. O julgamento do HC terminou em março de 2013, e dele participaram, além de Gilmar, Celso e Eros Grau, os minstros Ricardo Lewandowski e Teori Zavascki.
Sem problema
A Corregedoria de Justiça Federal da 4ª Região arquivou o caso, por entender que os mandados de prisão foram fundamentados. Discuti-los seria entrar em seara jurisdicional, o que não pode ser feito pela Corregedoria, um órgão administrativo.
Sobre o rastreamento das viagens, o vice-corregedor do TRF-4, desembargador, Celso Kipper, entendeu “haver certo exagero na afirmação que o magistrado estaria 'investigando a vida particular' dos advogados. Não há qualquer indício de que a vida particular dos advogados interessasse ao magistrado”. A decisão é de 1º de dezembro de 2014.
O CNJ também arquivou o pedido. A corregedora nacional de Justiça, ministra Nancy Andrighi, em fevereiro deste ano, entendeu que não poderia reanalisar uma questão já debatida pela corregedoria local. Isso porque a Corregedoria Nacional não é uma instância recursal.
Sem sigilo
Outra atuação célebre de Sergio Moro é de quando ele foi juiz federal de Execução Penal da Seção Judiciária do Paraná. Ele dividia o cargo com o juiz federal Leoberto Simão Schmit Junior. Naquela época, a coordenação das execuções penais federais era feita por juízes em regime de rodízio.
Reportagem da ConJur de 2010 mostrou que o monitoramento das conversas entre presos e advogados acontecia no Paraná pelo menos desde 2007. As gravações eram feitas no parlatório do presídio federal de segurança máxima de Catanduvas.
Foi lá que ficou preso o traficante de drogas colombiano Juan Carlos Abadia e é onde está o brasileiro Fernandinho Beira-Mar. Sob a justificativa de eles terem uma grande rede de contatos em diversos lugares do mundo, os dois juízes de execuções penais federais determinaram que fossem instalados microfones e câmeras nas salas de visitas e nos parlatórios do presídio para que fossem gravadas todas as conversas dos internos.
Eram monitorados, portanto, todos os encontros dos presidiários. Segundo reclamação feita pelo Conselho Federal da Ordem dos Advogados do Brasil ao CNJ, os dois juízes “autorizam e permitem a gravação de áudio e vídeo de conversas entre presos e visitantes/familiares, inclusive advogados, de forma irrestrita e aberta”.
De acordo com a entidade, “a existência e funcionamento desses aparelhos ultraja os direitos dos advogados de avistar-se, pessoal e reservadamente, com seus clientes, violando, ainda, a própria cidadania, o Estado Democrático de Direito e o sagrado direito de defesa.”
A OAB chegou a oficiar os dois juízes de execução. E Moro respondeu, em 2009, que a instalação desses equipamentos teve o objetivo de “prevenir crimes a prática de novos crimes, e não interferir no direito de defesa”. Ele diz haver ordem para que todo “material probatório colhido acidentalmente” que registre contatos do preso com seu advogado seja encaminhado ao colegiado de juízes de execução para evitar que as gravações sejam usadas em processos.
Estado policial bisbilhoteiro
Moro ressalva, no entanto, que “o sigilo da relação entre advogado e cliente não é absoluto. Legítimos interesses comunitários, como a prevenção de novos crimes e a proteção da sociedade e de terceiros, podem justificar restrição a tal sigilo”. Ele se justifica com base em um precedente de uma corte federal americana, segundo o qual o sigilo das comunicações entre advogado e cliente pode ser quebrado se ele for usado para facilitar o cometimento de crimes.
Para a OAB, a argumentação comprova que as gravações eram feitas sem base em qualquer indício de crime, ou sequer investigação em curso. “É absurda e teratológica a determinação judicial que impõe a gravação de todas as conversas sem efetivar um juízo de individualização em relação a certos visitantes e eventual participação dos mesmos na organização criminosa do preso. Ou seja, é o Estado policial bisbilhoteiro chancelado pelas autoridades.”
O Conselho Nacional de Justiça sequer analisou o pedido. A argumentação descrita acima consta de uma Reclamação Disciplinar levada à então corregedora nacional de Justiça, ministra Eliana Calmon. Mas, em 2011, ela arquivou a Reclamação com base na decisão do plenário do CNJ de arquivar um Pedido de Providências sobre o mesmo fato.
A decisão era de que as gravações de conversas entre presos e advogados foram feitas no âmbito de processos judiciais. O caso, portanto, esbarrou na “incompetência do CNJ para rever questões já judicializadas”.
Havia também um pedido para que o CNJ regulamentasse o monitoramento dos parlatórios, que também foi negado. A ementa da decisão afirma que “providência sujeita à análise de especificidades locais. Inviável a fixação de critérios uniformes”.
Hoje a OAB prepara uma Ação Civil Pública para encaminhar à Justiça Federal. O pedido será para que o Departamento Penitenciário Nacional (Depen), órgão do Ministério da Justiça responsável pelos presídios federais brasileiros, se abstenha de gravar os encontros entre presos e seus advogados.
Big brother
A investigação do caso Banestado levou Moro ao CNJ algumas vezes. Outra delas foi quando a vara da qual ele era titular, a 2ª Vara Federal Criminal de Curitiba, tocou a operação com o sugestivo nome de big brother.
O apelido foi uma brincadeira com as iniciais do Banco do Brasil, o "irmãozão" que, segundo a PF, "deu" milhões de reais a uma suposta quadrilha. Mas o prolongamento de grampos telefônicos por pelo menos seis meses, aliado ao fato de a operação ter sido inteiramente derrubada, lembra mais o Grande Irmão do romance 1984, de George Orwell, um Estado totalitário que bisbilhotava a vida privada de todos os cidadãos.
No mais, foi um caso que entrou para os anais do Direito Penal. O Ministério Público denunciou uma quadrilha pela prática de “estelionato judicial”, tipo penal criado no ato do oferecimento da denúncia.
A investigação tinha como alvo uma quadrilha supsotamente montada para falsificar liminares (daí o estelionato e daí o judicial) para sacar, junto ao Banco do Brasil, títulos emitidos pela Petrobras e pela Eletrobras. A operação nasceu depois que um dos investigados na big brother sacou R$ 90 milhões em título emitido pela estatal de energia.
Segundo o advogado Airton Vargas, que defendeu um dos investigados, foi “tudo suposição grosseira, sem indícios, com o uso da expressão ‘provável'”. No curso do processo fiou provado que os títulos eram verdadeiros e que as decisões judiciais de fato foram tomadas. E o tal do “estelionato judicial” foi considerado conduta atípica num Habeas Corpus julgado pelo TRF-4.
Eliana Calmon julgou que acusação contra Moro por permitir grampos por seis meses não poderia ser rediscutida.
Glaucio Dettmar/ Agência CNJ
Outros meios, mesmo fim
O problema foi a condução da operação. Segundo Lagana, seu cliente ficou preso preventivamente por 49 dias pela acusação de “estelionato judicial”. Antes disso, teve a interceptação de seu telefone renovada por 15 vezes em 2005. Ou seja, a PF ficou ouvindo suas conversas telefônicas por seis meses ininterruptos, embora a Lei das Interceptações Telefônicas só autorize grampos de 15 dias de duração, renováveis uma vez.
Há discussão judicial sobre a possibilidade de mais renovações. Mas a reclamação do advogado é que, se a acusação é de fraude a títulos de dívida e de falsificação de decisões judiciais, não era necessário grampear telefone algum. “Havia outros meios idôneos e recomendáveis para apuração de eventuais delitos por parte do investigado, e o principal recurso era a diligência com a Eletrobras acerca da falsificação dos títulos cobrados judicialmente, o que foi realizado apenas depois das interceptações e da prisão.”
A Corregedoria da Justiça Federal da 4ª Região decidiu por arquivar a reclamação. Entendeu que “não cabe qualquer atuação correicional pelo singelo motivo de a matéria suscitada estar absolutamente vinculada ao exercício da jurisdição”.
O caso chegou ao CNJ por meio de um recurso. E, segundo a corregedora nacional de Justiça à época, ministra Eliana Calmon, o pedido não se enquadrava em nenhum dos casos descritos pelo Regimento Interno do Conselho para autorizar rediscussão da matéria.
Assista o julgamento do HC 95.518 (alegando a suspeição de Sergio Moro) pela 2ª Turma do STF:
Shaniwarwada palace fort in Pune, it was the seat of the Peshwa rulers of the Maratha Empire till 1818. Image by Ashok Bagade, freely licensed under CC BY-SA 3.0.
As the Maharashtra Granthottejak Sanstha (MGS) celebrated its 121st anniversary recently, the organization re-licensed 1000 books under the CC BY-SA 4.0 license so that the books could be digitized and be made available on the Marathi Wikisource for millions of Marathi readers.[1]
MGS is a non-profit organization working for the preservation of Maharashtra's linguistic and cultural heritage. It was founded in Pune, India in 1894. Being an important archive for the preservation of many hundreds of years old manuscripts and historical artifacts from the Peshwa era, the institution is open to public for study and research.
During the four-day anniversary celebration, the Centre for Internet Society's Access to Knowledge program (CIS-A2K)—an organization that supports the Wikimedia movement in India—opened a Wikipedia stall there where Marathi Wikimedians were present. Around 600 people visited the stall and learned about the news of MGS's book donation.
Many active and new Marathi Wikimedians were present at the exhibition stall along with Abhinav Garule from the CIS-A2K program to share the incredible work Marathi Wikipedia and Wikimedia community at large are doing. Autographs of eighteen notable writers who received awards from Sanstha for different genres of writings were collected for uploading to the Wikipedia pages about them. While meeting the authors, Wikimedians also approached them to relicense some of their works under Creative Commons licenses so that they could be digitized on Wikisource and/or enrich Wikipedia—and some of the authors expressed a good deal of interest in opening up their books for Wikisource.
Some of the major books donated are Peshwa Rojnishi (diary of Peshwa), Benjamin Franklin Charitra (The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin), Kekavali, S M Paranjape Charitra (autobiography), Letters Exchanged between the Sanstha and the British Government, Shinde Gharanyacha Padmamay Itihas (manuscript), and Marathwadyatil Arvachin Marathi Vangmay (modern Marathi literature from Marathwada, a region in Maharashtra) are some of the popular books read by Marathi speakers that are going to be part of the books donated by the organization.
We reached out to Avinash Chaphekar, the joint secretary of the organization, to know more about the state of book publication and readership.
Dr. Avinash Chaphekar reading at Maharashtra Granthottejak Sanstha. By Abhinavgarule, freely licensed under CC BY-SA 4.0.
Subhashish Panigrahi (SP): Could you share your ideas of opening these invaluable books for Wikisource? How they are going to be useful for the online readers to learn about the Peshwas?
Avinash Chaphekar (AC): These books are of historical importance and contain information that needs to reach more people; they cover topics that are rarely covered well anywhere else. Right after India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi recommended the autobiography of Benjamin Franklin, as it contains a lot of messages for a common person, a lady walked up to and asked if she could read it in Marathi. Be it such autobiographies or a poetry book like “Kekavali”, such books that were published by the MGS should not be kept closed—many readers are searching for them. We donated 800 of these old books to the Marathi Wikisource because we don't have large presence in the media or the Internet, so how would any reader who does not know us buy a book? If these books are available online, they can at least find and read them.
SP: Where do you think there is gap between publishers and readers today? Many Marathi books get published every year and if you search on the Internet, which many people today do, you would hardly find much.
AC: Online readership is increasing every day, but when you look at Marathi readers, the majority of them are still buying books. During the exhibitions here (even this year!), there is always quite a rush to buy books. Only the youth and tech-savvy people read online. But most people we meet say that they feel more comfortable holding and reading physical books. Moreover, there is no concrete research validating that most of the youngsters here are accessing information only online. I still feel reading books in a conventional way by holding books in your hands will continue to exist as there is some kind of satisfaction that lies in it.
Manuscripts and letters preserved in the organization. By Abhinavgarule, freely licensed under CC BY-SA 4.0.
SP: Did you know that we are going to get these books retyped, meaning that readers will not just be able to read them in their smartphones or computers but they could use the text for republishing the same books in the future? How do you think such a model will be useful for publishers?
AC: At the MGS, we don't have funds to republish these books, and publishers are not ready to do it no matter how historically valuable the books are—even an incredibly valuable reference book called Marathi Grantha Nirmiti Watchal (the history of creation of Marathi books in Marathi), authored by SG Tulpule and published by us in 1973. This book has detailed information about Marathi publications, even those that existed before printing technology existed. As many such books are not being reprinted, we cannot leave the remaining few copies to perish. Let them go online and reach millions of people.
Subhashish Panigrahi, Wikimedian and Programme Associate, Access To Knowledge, Centre for Internet and Society (CIS-A2K)
Abhinav Garule, Wikimedian and Programme Associate, Access To Knowledge, Centre for Internet and Society
This post is part of the WikipediansSpeak series. You can find more of these posts on the Wikimedia Commons.
Calvin Harris is one busy DJ-producer-songwriter: Not only did the Emporio Armani model just ink a 3 year residency deal in Las Vegas this week, but he's already gearing up to deliver yet another offering from his 2014 studio album, Motion.
“Pray To God,” the thunderous and wonderfully unexpected collaboration with sister act HAIM, will be the next single off of the LP. According to the press release, an accompanying video for the song will be released on February 9.
The single follows a series of hits, including Song Of Summer '14 candidate “Summer,” “Blame” with John Newman and “Outside” with Ellie Goulding. Will Calvin be notching his first smash of 2015 with “Pray To God”?
Listen to the track after the jump, and let us know what you think about the song in the comments below.
Though some secular parents criticize the Montessori schools as expensive and elitist, too unstructured or even cultish, the philosophy of allowing children to learn at their own pace and develop personal responsibility through individual learning tasks gels well with the Jewish tenet of educating each child according to his or her own way, its advocates say.
“We're not just educating for academics, we're trying to bring the child for God,” said Yocheved Sidof, the executive director at Lamplighters. “It's all one world.” (Chabad-Lubavitchers also embrace the Montessori method because the movement's spiritual leader, Rabbi Menachem M. Schneerson, endorsed it before his death in 1994.)
The interest in the Montessori method reflects what some Jewish educators say is a broader trend toward innovation and opening up to the secular world. Once focused on perpetuating Jewish religious identity, educators, like the leaders of the Solomon Schechter Conservative school network, are adopting buzz words like “engagement” and “cosmopolitanism,” said Benjamin M. Jacobs, a professor of Jewish studies at New York University.
The economic downturn prompted soul-searching about the high cost of most Jewish day schools, which are concerned about losing students to public schools, other private schools or new alternatives like Montessori or Hebrew charter schools, Professor Jacobs said. Day-school tuitions can be $15,000 to $20,000 per child — or higher in the New York area — and Jewish Montessoris seem comparably priced. Lamplighters' yearly elementary school tuition for new families is $12,000; Luria's is about $15,000 a year depending on the age of the child.
“There are a ton of people out there who think they're too stifling, who want their kids to have a broader perspective on the world,” Professor Jacobs said of the traditional schools. The question is, he said, how are students “going to be served, Jewish educationally, so that they could still want to quote on quote ‘stay in the fold,' but have their differing, more contemporary needs met?”
A founder of Luria, Sam Boymelgreen, grew up ultra-Orthodox but now identifies as “open Orthodox.” Recalling that he “spent a lot of time sleeping at my desk” as a student, he said he started the school after finding that there were few options in Brooklyn for parents looking for progressive, yet Jewish educations.
Luria may embrace diversity, but many new Jewish Montessoris are the only such schools in town and draw a heterogeneous array of students by accident.
"Embarrassed and upset" over the conduct of a handful of employees bringing the organisation into disrepute, Axis Bank MD and CEO Shikha Sharma on Sunday (18 December) said the bank has hired KPMG to conduct a forensic audit for enhanced due diligence and building more safeguards.
Assuring that the fundamentals of the bank is on a "solid footing', Sharma said in a letter to Axis Bank customers that the bank is tracking sudden surge in account activity and have 'proactively identified potentially suspicious accounts".
"The recent media reports around the conduct of a few of our employees have left me embarrassed and upset. We have fallen short of your expectations because a handful of people did not follow our fully compliant and robust processes. We have taken the toughest action against such employees and we will do so in every case of divergence from our Code of Conduct.
"I regret that the misdeeds of a few people have eroded the hard work of 55,000+ employees, who have been at the front end beyond working hours, displaying extraordinary patience and commitment to their responsibilities," she said in the letter.
The Income Tax Department had last week conducted a raid at an Axis Bank branch in Noida and unearthed Rs 60 crore from the accounts of 20 shell companies.
Sharma said the bank has proactively identified suspicious accounts and has given inputs to regulatory authorities for further investigation.
"I would like to reassure you that the bank has always been committed to the highest standards of operational control and continues to fully cooperate with the authorities. We have been tracking sudden surges in account activity and have proactively identified potentially suspicious accounts.
"This proactive identification has been one of the inputs in investigation by the regulatory authorities, who are visiting some of our branches to seek out information.
Further, we have hired KPMG to conduct a forensic audit for enhanced due diligence and building more safeguards," she said.
Thanking customers for the support and understanding since the demonetisation initiative, Sharma said it has been a challenging time and the bank has tried its "level best" to make it easier for customers.
"We have made every effort to ease the transition by making special arrangements for senior citizens and differently abled people at our branches, using micro-ATMs to deliver cash to BSF personnel, ensuring salary disbursement to government and corporate employees across the length and breadth of our country," Sharma wrote.
"I assure you that the fundamentals of the bank, built painstakingly over the last 22 years, focused on serving its retail and corporate customers are on a solid footing... We will always safeguard your interests because your trust matters the most. I look forward to your continued confidence in making us a safe, strong bank that is always focused on you," she said in the letter.
(PTI)
The New England Patriots are the Super Bowl LIII Champions! Now is your chance to celebrate with a victory ride aboard this New England Patriots electric train collection beginning with Issue One featuring an impressive diesel locomotive. Soon, your collection will continue with Issue Two, the coordinating New England Patriots B-unit engine, which includes a FREE 14-piece HO gauge track set, power pack and speed controller. Next, this HO-scale electric train collection continues with Issue Three, a Super Bowl LIII Champions car, and additional coordinating Super Bowl LIII Champions New England Patriots train cars, each a separate issue to follow.
Available exclusively from The Bradford Exchange, Hawthorne Village Division, this dynamic electric train collection is officially licensed by NFL Properties LLC and is sure to score a touchdown wherever you choose to display it. Just look at how proud it sports the New England Patriots colors and symbols and intense, full-color art of your favorite players in action. Authentic details define every inch of this precision-scaled NFL New England Patriots electric train collection, from the solid metal chassis to the steel alloy wheels. The sleek, classic diesel engine even has a working headlight. Don't delay! Whether you want this awesome train collection with Super Bowl LIII Champions car for yourself, or to give as the ultimate New England Patriots fan gift, you must hurry! Strong demand is anticipated, so order now!
We are used to hearing about a gender gap among the U.S. electorate. But the 2016 election — and, more specifically, Donald Trump — has produced a new gender gap, this one among the Republican Party's elected officials.
On Friday, The Washington Post released a tape of Trump bragging about being able to commit sexual assault, and since then many GOP officials have distanced themselves from their party's presidential nominee. As of Tuesday morning, 63 Republican governors, U.S. senators and U.S. representatives have announced that they do not support Trump. That number, which represents nearly one-fifth of the party's top elected officials, is up from 19 on Friday and 41 on Saturday afternoon.
But Republican women have been far more likely to rally against Trump than the party's men: 42 percent of all Republican women serving in Congress or as governor have now stated that they do not support Trump, versus just 17 percent of the men.
This rift has emerged since the release of the “Access Hollywood” tape. On Friday morning, the share of these high-ranking Republican men and women who had plainly stated an opposition to Trump was far more comparable (about 6 percent of each group).
In the U.S. Senate, five of the six Republican women have now abandoned Trump. (That compares to just 12 out of 48 Republican men.) Sen. Susan Collins of Maine had already announced her opposition to Trump over the summer. Senators Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, Deb Fischer of Nebraska and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska joined her over the weekend. Sen. Joni Ernst of Iowa still backs Trump.
In the U.S. House, 32 percent of Republican women are now opposed to Trump, compared to only 13 percent of Republican men. Rep. Kay Granger, the only Republican woman to have ever been elected to a full term in the U.S. House from Texas, is among the highest-profile defections Trump has suffered since Friday.
Another axis along which Republican officials are split is whether they represent blue-leaning territory. Only 46 percent of the GOP officials whose state or district was carried by President Obama in 2012 support Trump, versus 83 percent of those whose state or district was carried by Mitt Romney.
Some Republicans from blue-leaning areas had already announced their opposition to Trump over the summer, but this trend has accelerated since Friday. Eight of the Republicans who have newly fled Trump are facing voters this fall in areas that Obama won. They are Ayotte, Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio, Rep. Joe Heck (Nevada's 3rd District, running for Senate), Rep. Cresent Hardy (Nevada's 4th Congressional District), Rep. John Katko (New York's 24th District), Rep. Frank LoBiondo (New Jersey's 2nd District), Rep. Erik Paulsen (Minnesota's 3rd District), and Rep. David Reichert (Washington's 8th District). Most were already considered highly vulnerable before the latest revelations. Some endangered Republicans in districts that Romney carried only narrowly, such as Rep. Rodney Davis (Illinois's 13th District) and Rep. Will Hurd (Texas's 23rd District), have also said they will not vote for Trump this weekend.
These departures still leave 15 Republicans in Obama-won territory who are either supporting Trump or have not clarified how they will vote, starting with the highly vulnerable Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania, Rep. Frank Guinta (New Hampshire 1st District), and Rep. Bruce Poliquin (Maine's 2nd District). In addition, Republican Senators Roy Blunt of Missouri and Richard Burr of North Carolina, two of the cycle's most endangered senators, restated their support of Trump.
Democrats' ability — or inability — to tarnish the image of Republicans who are sticking with Trump will go a long way toward determining control of the Senate and the less-likely-to-flip House. Democrats have already released new television ads seeking to tie GOP candidates to Trump's 2005 comments.
Video: How different demographic groups could swing the election
Police have arrested a man after a suspected assassination attempt on German Chancellor Angela Merkel was foiled.
An armed man in a black Mercedes 4×4 was detained after he allegedly tried to join Merkel's motorcade in Prague, Metro reported.
The perpetrator has been detained," police spokesman Josef Bocan said.
REUTERS German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Czech Republic's Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka in Prague.
"He is suspected of attempting to cause a crime – specifically an attempt to use violence against an official."
"The incident is currently being investigated by Prague detectives."
Bocan added: 'The driver of the Mercedes refused to obey orders coming from police cars accompanying the German chancellor.
GETTY IMAGES German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
'He tried to join the procession at all costs, cutting off a police vehicle that was trying to stop him. He only stopped and got out of the vehicle after police warned him that they were going to shoot.
'Thanks to the professional actions of officers, Angela Merkel's life was not in danger.
The chancellor was in Prague to meet Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka.
Welcome to the Five volume Collection of the Easy Dinner Recipes – The Chicken Slow Cooker Recipes Collection!!
Are You Looking For Slow Cooker Chicken Recipes?
If you are looking for easy chicken recipes, then this is the book for you! This is all 5 volumes of this series which contains 200 different chicken dinner recipes which utilize the slow cooker.
Using a slow cooker is an super easy way to make your meals ahead of time or to prepare them when you are out of the house. So if you are looking for quick easy dinner recipes, you should consider this cookbook.
Inside Chicken Slow Cooker Recipes – 5 Volume Collection – 202 Slow Cooker Chicken Recipes you will find a wide variety of recipes to try. We hope you enjoy them all!
What Type of Recipes For Chicken Will You Find In This Book?
There are a total of 202 different slow cooker recipes inside this book. All of these would fall into the category of quick and easy dinners recipes, although, the leftovers would be excellent for lunch or brunch the next day. Slow Cooker Meals take longer to cook, but they are set it and forget it type of meals, which makes prep time super easy!
This book has 41 traditional as well as nontraditional easy slow cooker recipes. Some Examples of these quick and easy meals include:
Arroz Con Pollo I
Chicken Enchiladas I
Jambalaya I
Chicken and Dumplings
Paris Inspired Chicken Dish
Cheesy Chicken and Canadian Bacon
Asian Chicken With Beans
Easy Chicken Cacciatore
Cheesy Chicken With Artichokes and Pasta
Cheesy Chicken and Zucchini
Tasty Chicken Paella
Succulent Chicken Vegetable Chowder
Southern Inspired Chicken Breasts
Chicken in Hot & Spicy Sauce
Tasty Chicken Casserole
Swiss Chicken Casserole I
Hearty Brunswick Stew I
Easy Lemon Pepper Slow Cooker Chicken
Delicious Slow Cooker Chicken Curry
Cheesy Chicken and Veggies
Seasoned Chicken and Rice
Simple Chicken over Noodles and Gravy
Easy Teriyaki Chicken
Slow Cooker Pineapple Chicken
Honey Bourbon Chicken
Chicken With Carrots and Sweet Potatoes
Extra Cheesy Chicken With Broccoli
Chicken and Sausage Gumbo
Chicken Chili
Chicken Cordon Bleu
Slow Cooker Chicken Fajitas
BBQ Chicken Wings
Spicy Honey Garlic Chicken Wings
Honey and Soy Sauce Chicken Wings
Sweet and Sour Chicken Wings
Hot and Spicy Chicken Wings
Teriyaki Chicken Wings
Garlic Parmesan Chicken Wings
Slow Cooker Chicken Al A La King I
Autumn Chicken Stew
Lemon Tarragon Chicken with Cauliflower and Artichokes
Orange Glazed Chicken With Sesame Seeds
Honey Chicken With Soy Sauce and Ginger
Slow Cooker Chicken Coq Au Vin
Creamy Slow Cooker Chicken Fettuccine With Mushrooms
Homemade Chicken Noodle Soup I
Easy Chicken Tortilla Soup I
Chicken and Sweet Potato Soup
Spicy Chicken Soup
Salsa Chicken
Maple Chick
I am usually proud to be an Oklahoman. I love my state. I love the people. I love the waving wheat, the beautiful skies (more beautiful than any other state I have lived in) and the good food.
But when it comes to my home state's record on the death penalty, however, I am deeply ashamed.
Some of you may have heard of the recent gruesome execution of Clayton Lockett who received an experimental cocktail of drugs that did not work properly. For over forty minutes after receiving the dose of drugs Clayton squirmed in agony on the gurney, trying to speak until he finally succumbed to a heart attack.
One of the comments on an LA Times article that detailed Clayton's brutal death reveals the vengeful emotions that unabashedly underlie many of the arguments for the death penalty:
This is karma. He shot his victim in the head with a shotgun and buried her while she was still breathing.
It is frightening to me that arguments for the death penalty, (and torture), often reveal the same brutality that is in the criminals and terrorists who unashamedly take innocent life.
Richard Glossip is scheduled for execution in Oklahoma on January 29, 2015. He was accused of commissioning the murder of his boss. The murderer, Justin Sneed, testified against him in exchange for a plea deal.
Richard however maintains his innocence and has been on hunger strike to protest his execution. When asked about the possibility of being force-fed by the state to prevent him from dying before his execution Richard said:
That should scare people, that's a pretty sadistic way to look at things…They're willing to do whatever it takes to keep me alive just so they can kill me.
I will put my cards on the table. I am against the death penalty.
This is in keeping with my faith and common sense.
I would want Richard off death row even if he was clearly guilty. However, I find this case to be particularly disturbing because the evidence against Richard is very weak.
The most damning and crucial evidence against Richard is the testimony of the killer, Justin Sneed, who claims that Richard offered money to Justin to kill Richard's boss. Sneed testified in exchange for a plea deal that spared him the death penalty. This move gave Justin, the actual killer, life without parole while Richard is on death row.
So the actual killer avoided death row by implicating Richard.
Some crucial evidence.
In addition to this, the daughter of Justin Sneed submitted a letter to the parole board stating that her father has said for years that Richard was not involved in the murder but is afraid to recant because he might lose his plea deal and end up on death row himself.
The online petition to grant clemency to Richard outlines several more reasons that the case against Richard is suspect.
If you are against the death penalty, please sign the petition asking the governor of Oklahoma to spare Richard's life.
If you are for the death penalty, please sign the petition asking the governor of Oklahoma to spare Richard's life. It does not help the case for the death penalty to kill innocent people. Since 1973 one hundred and fifty people on death row have been found innocent. That is a frightening number. It indicates that our justice system has most likely sent innocent people to their death. In my opinion, just that possibility is sufficient argument against the death penalty.
So, wherever you find yourself on this issue, please sign the petition to save Richard's life.
And please spread the word.
UPDATE: Richard has received a stay from the U.S. Supreme Court. His execution is suspended pending further investigation. Please continue to pray for this case and for all involved.
UPDATE: April 13, 2015
From the online petition for Richard's release:
Unfortunately, support for the petition has slowed down and this is likely due Richard's stay of execution in January. What needs to be understood is that the stay did NOT come from Governor Fallin, it came from the US Supreme Court while it decides whether or not the drug midazolam should be used in executions. This means that the stay was not based on the merits of the case against Richard and that as soon as Oklahoma finds a new way to execute (or is allowed to continue using midazolam) Richard is still going to be killed.
To keep this from happening, attorneys are working hard to draft a new appeal for Richard. While they are generously donating their time and efforts, they need to hire investigators to gather and review evidence, find witnesses, etc. They will also need to hire experts to review evidence and provide testimony. This is where you come in!
If everyone that signed this petition donated $1, we would enough to fund his legal defense. Please consider making a donation to help his attorneys save his life.
You can make a donation here:
https://www.crowdrise.com/RichardGlossipsLegalDefense/
… Thank you very much and please continue to spread the word about signing the petition!
—
If you have not signed the petition yet, please do so HERE.
I spoke with Kennedy about his progress, and the challenges of simulating the aftermath of a disaster in one of the world's biggest cities. A transcript of our conversation, lightly edited for concision and clarity, follows.
Waddell: How will your computer model be able to accurately simulate people's responses?
Kennedy: First, we're doing basic research to try and identify how we expect people to respond, and how the environment and infrastructure and facilities would respond. When we get verbal descriptions that we are comfortable with, we will represent them more precisely as computer programs. We'll start with the environment, the weapon and its effects, and then move on to the people, the infrastructure, and their response.
We've done other models of similar-sized areas, modeling natural disasters and things like that. So we have some infrastructure to support us. We're using the MASON framework: It's open source—our computer-science department distributes it and maintains it—and we've used it in several projects here.
We'll be bringing in graphical information on New York City and surrounding area, and we'll model a small nuclear weapon—or possibly multiple small nuclear weapons—going off. They'll be in the neighborhood of 5 to 10 kilotons: That's half of Nagasaki/Hiroshima, which was in the 20 kiloton range. The Oklahoma City bomber used 5,000 pounds of TNT, so that's two and a half tons. That destroyed most of the one building where it blew up, but it affected something like 16 city blocks.
Waddell: So we're talking damage to something like a chunk of Manhattan?
Kennedy: Yes, something like that. The number 10 isn't driven by any particular intelligence, but to put it into perspective, North Korea has done tests in the neighborhood of two kilotons—or maybe as many as five. So we're talking a relatively small, though still nuclear, weapon.
Waddell: What are the social responses you'll look at?
Kennedy: We're planning to model at the individual level. A megacity is more than 10 million, and in the region we're talking about, we'll potentially get to 20 million agents.
We've found that people seem to be reasonably well behaved and do what they've been trained to, or are asked or told to do by local authorities. Reports from 9/11 show that people walked down many tens of flights of stairs, relatively quietly, sometimes carrying each other, to escape buildings.
We're finding those kinds of reports from other disasters as well—except after Hurricane Katrina. There, we have reports that people already didn't trust the government, and then with the isolation resulting from the flooding, they were actually shooting at people trying to help.
Waddell: So is the difference between the two disasters trust and communication?
Kennedy: I suspect that's a large part of it, yes.
Want more proof that the iPad 3 will have a super-slick, high-resolution "Retina" display that blows the screen on Apple's current-generation tablet out of the water? MacRumors reported Friday that it's got an iPad 3 display and published microscope-enlarged images that purportedly show a screen with precisely double the linear resolution of the iPad 2's.
The iPad 3, which other reports suggest could be released in early March, may also be thicker than its predecessor, sport the first quad-core processor in an Apple tablet, and finally add 4G LTE connectivity to an iOS device.
Apple was supposedly struggling with technical issues with its Retina Display last fall, but the MacRumors report offers pretty convincing evidence that any such troubles are now in the rear view mirror.
"Since we only had a raw iPad 3 display with no method to power it, taking high quality photos of the pixels was difficult," MacRumors writer Eric Slivka wrote. "Still, even with the relatively poor lighting, you can easily make out the pixels on each display (made up of red, green and blue elements). We highlighted a cluster of 4 pixels (2x2) from the iPad 2 to compare it to the same area on the iPad 3. On the iPad 3, the same cluster was occupied by 16 pixels (4x4) exactly twice the resolution in each direction.
What that means is that the 9.7-inch Retina Display on the iPad 3 would have full resolution of 2048-by-1536, twice the linear resolution of the screens for both the original iPad and iPad 2, which both have 1024-by-768 displays.
For more on Apple's tablet plans, check out What I Don't Want in the iPad 3 and Why You Should Wait to Buy the Next iPad, plus PCMag's full review of the iPad 2 and the slideshow below.
For the top stories in tech, follow us on Twitter at @PCMag.
Raleigh firefighters to put up billboards over low pay Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved A rendering of a possible billboard from Raleigh Firefighters United. [ + - ] Video
RALEIGH, N.C. (WNCN) - Raleigh firefighters upset over low pay and the lack of pay raises plan on taking their protest to billboards and city bus advertisements.
Raleigh Firefighters United, a group of more than 400 city firefighters, is raising money to put up at least four billboards around downtown and the beltline.
The billboards expected to be up in mid-September.
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved A rendering of a possible billboard from Raleigh Firefighters United.
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved A rendering of a possible billboard from Raleigh Firefighters United.
The group has not yet decided what message will be on the billboard, but they say one possible option is "First in Respond, Last in Pay." The group also plans on putting advertisements on city buses and having mobile billboards drive around downtown to raise awareness about the low pay.
"We just have to continue to make people aware, make the public aware and continue to let the council and mayor know that we're not going to go away," said Raleigh Firefighter Chris Ferrell.
For months, Raleigh police and firefighters have been pushing for at least 7-percent raises. They say they haven't been given a raise in several years and many first responders are leaving to go to other agencies that pay more or they're leaving the field all together.
"Each month that goes by, the pace picks up of people leaving because they just cannot afford to support their families," said Ferrell.
In June, Raleigh City Council unanimous approved an $858 million budget, which includes pay raises for city employees of 3 to 3.5 percent. Council did not vote to approve the first responders' pay raise request.
Councilors say they're committed to public safety and understand there is a problem with pay but say they're waiting for the completion of a city-wide pay study before making any decisions. The study would be a comprehensive study on salaries across city government.
"It's a very complex issue, it's not something you handle lightly," said Councilor Mary Ann Baldwin following a June city council meeting. "You really do have to have a study and you have to do it fairly."
The pay study is currently wrapping up its second phase, which included 21 employee meetings. Six of the meetings were specifically targeted for participation from police officers and firefighters.
"This is still a huge problem and we've got to make sure this pay study is also implemented fairly," said Ferrell.
The pay study is expected to be completed by early 2017.
The city declined to comment on the group's efforts to put up billboards.
Raleigh Firefighters United has started a GoFundMe page to help with the cost of the billboards.
Bitcoin and 3D printing are two technologies that are based on similar ideologies. Just like Bitcoin allows for the removal of the middle man and the added fees associated with monetary transactions, 3D printing also removes the middle man by allowing individuals and businesses to manufacture and prototype within their own homes or offices. Both technologies could be regarded as symbols of freedom and self-reliance, while also acting as enablers of innovation and transformation.
As both technologies continue to develop, there seems to be an ever increasing convergence between the two. Whether 3D printing companies are using the cryptocurrency to seek funding, have decided to accept the currency as a method of payment, or, in the case of MecklerMedia, host trade shows related to both technologies, there is no doubt that the future of commerce and manufacturing will be linked to 3D printing and Bitcoin.
With yet more evidence that the two technologies continue to converse, 3D Hubs, the world's largest network of 3D printers, has today announced a major partnership with Bitcoin payment service provider BitPay. Via Adyen, a global provider of online, mobile, and point-of-sale payment solutions, 3D Hubs will now be able to integrate Bitcoin payments into their platform, enabling any one of 3D Hubs' more than 13,000 networked printers to be used in exchange for the cryptocurrency.
Last month, Adyen, which processed over $25 billion in global transactions last year, partnered with BitPay to help spread the acceptance of Bitcoin to some of the largest companies on the planet. This set in motion the wheels leading to the Adyen/BitPay/3D Hubs partnership.
“This partnership connects Bitcoin,­ a decentralized currency,­ to 3D Hubs' decentralized manufacturing network, further strengthening the global movement towards decentralized industry,” writes the company.
As 3D printing becomes more widespread, and 3D Hubs' network continues its rapid expansion, such a partnership seems to be coming at just the right time, as it enables transactions to take place with as little friction as possible, saving time and money, and allowing for a greater number of possible entrants into the 3D printing space. We've seen a tremendous amount of growth within both the Bitcoin and 3D printing spaces over the last year. This partnership should further that growth and extend the availability of both technologies to over a billion people who are within 10 miles of any one of the hubs listed at 3D Hubs.
Let us know your thoughts on this cryptocurrency integration with 3D Hubs. Will this news convince you to consider using either 3D Hubs or Bitcoin more often? Discuss in the 3D Hubs BitPay Partnership forum thread on 3DPB.com.
If you didn't visit the City of Light back when it was European, it's apparently too late now. Open borders to the Islamic world have filled the streets with violent foreigners who are not remotely civilized: they urinate in public, litter , camp on the sidewalks, engage in riots — transforming the city a post-apocalyptic catastrophe.
A few decades ago, Paris was famed for its street cafes, like Le Dome Cafe, a popular gathering spot for intellectuals, shown below.
But in November 2015, Parisian cafes were among the targets of a group of jihadists who killed 130 people.
For a recent picture of how far Paris has sunk because of allowing masses of historic Islamic enemies to enter as immigrants, see the video report from Generation Europa (Facebook):
The great city has been culturally disemboweled and turned into a compliant flophouse for the enemies of western civilization. The French have already surrendered and the barbarians are picking over the corpse.
Meanwhile, open borders supporter Hillary Clinton plans to resettle one million Syrian Muslims in America during her first term, despite knowing that they cannot be screened and therefore are a danger to citizens' safety as revealed in Wikileaks.
Don't think America will be able to avoid the Islam poison under such a sustained barrage of enemy immigrants. We don't have no-go zones now, but they are a predictable outcome if Hillary achieves her globalist dream.
Here's another view of the Paris capitulation after viewing the video above:
Photo
As regular readers know, scientists are in a bit of a tussle over what date marks the dawn of Earth's “age of us” — a.k.a. the Anthropocene — even as other scientists and scholars question whether it's hubris to think a geological epoch, as strictly defined, can result from human activity.
Candidates for the starting point for the age of humans range from the dawn of agriculture to the age of plastics and fallout and the “Great Acceleration” of greenhouse gas growth and other environmental impacts.
Now a new candidate is in the mix. In a paper in Nature, Simon L. Lewis and Mark A. Maslin of University College London* point to the year 1610, marked by, of all things, a sharp but brief dip in carbon dioxide concentrations (revealed in ice cores).
Photo
The greenhouse-gas decline, they say, is thought to have been the result of the implosion of civilizations in the Americas as European-carried diseases killed off tens of millions of inhabitants of the “New” World. The collapse of agriculture would have resulted in enormous regrowth of forests, and thus the uptake of CO2.
They say the only other candidate that meets the criteria for defining a geological epoch and setting another “golden spike” is 1964. A release from the researchers' university, University College London, nicely explains their thinking:
Defining an epoch requires two main criteria to be met. Long-lasting changes to the Earth must be documented. Scientists must also pinpoint and date a global environmental change that has been captured in natural material, such as rocks, ancient ice or sediment from the ocean floor. Such a marker – like the chemical signature left by the meteorite strike that wiped out the dinosaurs – is called a golden spike. The study authors systematically compared the major environmental impacts of human activity over the past 50,000 years against these two formal requirements. Just two dates met the criteria: 1610, when the collision of the New and Old Worlds a century earlier was first felt globally; and 1964, associated with the fallout from nuclear weapons tests. The researchers conclude that 1610 is the stronger candidate.
Photo
The scientists say the 1492 arrival of Europeans in the Americas, and subsequent global trade, moved species to new continents and oceans, resulting in a global re-ordering of life on Earth. This rapid, repeated, cross-ocean exchange of species is without precedent in Earth's history. They argue that the joining of the two hemispheres is an unambiguous event after which the impacts of human activity became global and set Earth on a new trajectory. The first fossil pollen of maize, a Latin American species, appears in marine sediment in Europe in 1600, becoming common over subsequent centuries. This irreversible exchange of species satisfies the first criteria for dating an epoch – long-term changes to Earth.
I've been tracking all of this quite closely, both because I'm on the Anthropocene Working Group of the international geological organization that is pondering the official scientific question and because I proposed we were entering a “geological age of our own making” back in 1992.
On the technical question, my main concern is about the challenge in trying to define an Earth epoch just as the starting gun is going off. Here's how I posed this question to Jan Zalasiewicz, a geologist at the University of Leicester who leads the working group and was the lead author on the recent paper pointing to nuclear tests and plastics:
Most geology is retrospective…. How can you know something has begun and will be significant when we don't know how long it will last?
His reply:
That's one of the many novelties of the Anthropocene geologically. We don't know how the Anthropcoene will pan out. What we do know is that sufficient change has already taken place to say that the course of Earth history has changed and the strata have changed. How much they will change will depend on numerous feedbacks, not the least the kinds that we ourselves as humans will introduce in years and decades and centuries to come. I suspect it's a little bit like standing on the Earth 65 million years ago, a few years after the impact of the meteorite on the Yucatan peninsula in Mexico and seeing that the world has changed but not yet being able to see how it is going to evolve from then on. I think we are somewhere in that kind of position.
Our longer Skype Discussion (from January) is here:
Eric Holthaus at Slate got in touch this morning seeking my reaction to the new paper. Here's what I wrote back:
Their proposal of 1610, focusing on that fascinating dip in CO2 connected to the collapse of American indigenous societies, is provocative and compelling. Their other alternative, the bomb-testing signature, is more in line with the views of those seeing the Great Acceleration as humanity's geological coming of age. I'd give that proposal the highest odds. But there's still a high hurdle to cross just in convincing the broader geology community to give a thumbs up to the basic idea of “human geology,” as they put it, no matter where the stratigraphers propose putting the Anthropocene “golden spike.” In the end, there are really two Anthropocene debates — one over the formal geological question and the other over the choices we now face, as I wrote in 1992, in confronting “a geological age of our own making.” To me, that is the bigger discussion in the end.
That's why, for me, the final lines in the new Lewis-Maslin paper really resonated:
Past scientific discoveries have tended to shift perceptions away from a view of humanity as occupying the centre of the Universe. In 1543 Copernicus's observation of the Earth revolving around the Sun demonstrated that this is not the case. The implications of Darwin's 1859 discoveries then established that Homo sapiens is simply part of the tree of life with no special origin. Adopting the Anthropocene may reverse this trend by asserting that humans are not passive observers of Earth's functioning. To a large extent the future of the only place where life is known to exist is being determined by the actions of humans. Yet, the power that humans wield is unlike any other force of nature, because it is reflexive and therefore can be used, withdrawn or modified. More widespread recognition that human actions are driving far-reaching changes to the life-supporting infrastructure of Earth may well have increasing philosophical, social, economic and political implications over the coming decades.
Lewis builds on this in a fine essay on The Conversation.
On the Bloomberg Business website, Eric Roston doesn't show many signs he agrees with me that humans can chart a good path in this turbulent age. Here's his headline: “The Year Humans Started to Ruin the World.”
Footnote | * Lewis also has a position at the University of Leeds.
My previous list went down well with readers, soliciting also lots of feedback. So here is an updated and expanded list.
The Sleaford and North Hykeham by-election brought to an end a cluster of three Parliamentary by-elections, all of which so far has been of wider political impact.
Further Parliamentary by-election success for the Liberal Democrats will be important for the party's recovery because, for all the value in council by-election successes, it is a run of Parliamentary by-election successes which have been an essential part of the mix in triggering previous Liberal Democrat recoveries.
Whether that happens depends in no small part on where the contests come up. So what are the likely seats? Ill health is often a cause of by-elections. Speculation over ill MPs, however, is not only distasteful but also, thanks to the vagaries of the human body, frequently way off. Other possible causes of by-elections are better grounds for speculating about the political future.
Here, then, are six other Parliamentary by-elections which may happen in the next few months, even leaving aside what the police may do over those Conservative election expenses.
Bath
Ben Howlett, the Conservative MP for Bath, has been questioned by the police about a serious assault allegation. Questioning is not the same as prosecuting and prosecuting is not the same as convicting, so this is by no means a definite by-election. It is, however, a possibility.
The result in Bath at the 2015 general election was:
Conservative 38%
Lib Dem 30%
Labour 13%
Green 12%
Ukip 6%
Others 1%
With Chris Hanretty's estimates putting the Remain vote in the European referendum at 68%, a by-election here would be immediately classified as Another Richmond Park (Quite Possibly).
Again the main story would be about strength of Lib Dem revival and of enthusiasm amongst Remain voters to send a clear message to the government about Brexit.
Also of note is the quarter of the vote won by Labour and Greens. Will a ‘progressive alliance', whether due to candidates not standing, or self-organised by voters themselves, occur and give the idea wider currency?
Edinburgh West
Left out of this list first time round, Edinburgh West is now a serious prospect for a Parliamentary by-election as the police have gone from saying their investigations do not involve the MP Michelle Thomson to saying they have reported her to prosecutors. (UPDATE: Charges were subsequently dropped).
Elected as an SNP MP, Thomson is facing allegations around fraudulent property deals. She left the party after they first surfaced. However more recently there has been strong support in the SNP to re-admit her, support that may now fall away again in the face of the latest police news.
If a by-election does happen, it will be a major SNP versus Liberal Democrat battle, as Edinburgh West has long been a Liberal Democrat target or held seat. In the Scottish Parliament elections this year (on slightly different boundaries), Alex Cole-Hamilton gained the seat for the Liberal Democrats from the SNP.
The result in the Parliamentary constituency in 2015 was:
SNP 39%
Lib Dem 33%
Conservative 12%
Labour 12%
Green 2%
Ukip 2%
Glasgow East
Natalie McGarry, elected as the SNP MP for Glasgow East in 2015, has since been suspended by the SNP and charged with financial fraud. If – and as with Bath, that is a real if – that leads to a conviction it will set up a by-election in a seat the SNP had won on a huge swing from Labour:
SNP 57%
Labour 32%
Conservative 6%
Ukip 3%
Green 1%
Lib Dem 1%
Scottish Socialist Party 1%
Even with a by-election caused by a conviction, the SNP would start the favourites to win but with a rich mix of stories readies to be written about how the scramble for second and third could reveal the progress other parties are making.
Leigh
Andy Burnham is the Labour MP for Leigh, failed candidate for Labour Leader and now candidate to be Mayor of Greater Manchester. A Parliamentary by-election therefore may follow that Mayoral contest which is being held in May 2017.
The result in Leigh at the 2015 general election was:
Labour 54%
Conservative 23%
Ukip 20%
Lib Dem 3%
Other 1%
In the European referendum, Chris Hanretty's estimates put the Leave vote at 63%. That makes this seat a likely good test of Ukip and whether it can reverse its declining fortunes. Ukip overtaking the Conservatives would add to the simmering internal conflicts in Theresa May's party over speed and terms of Brexit.
For the Liberal Democrats a 37% Remain vote leaves plenty of potential on the upside, but can a strongly pro-European message work to lift up the party in areas like Leigh?
In other words, the results of a by-election here would be packed full of pointers for British politics across the rest of the country.
Liverpool Walton
As with Leigh, a Mayor contest in May could lead to a Parliamentary by-election shortly after. In this case it is Steve Rotheram, who is the Labour candidate for Mayor of Liverpool City Region.
The result in Liverpool Walton in 2015 was:
Labour 81%
Ukip 9%
Conservative 5%
Green 3%
Liberal Democrat 2%
Others 0.2%
Liverpool Walton is a favourite of political quiz questions being the only Parliamentary seat to contain the grounds of two Premier League football clubs.
Despite Ukip's extremely low vote share in 2015 and the Leave vote only being slightly above average in the referendum at 54% on Chris Hanretty's estimates, Robert Ford and Matthew Goodwin rated it in the last Parliament as the 11th most favourable seat to Ukip in the country based on its demographics. That would make a by-election here a real test of new Ukip leader Paul Nuttall's strategy of moving against Labour.
Northampton South
David Mackintosh, the Conservative MP for Northampton South, has been under increasing political pressure over a loan made to the local football club while he was leader of the council and whether he received illegal donations linked to it. Police and Electoral Commission investigations are underway and there is also increasing unhappiness internally in his party.
The result in Northampton South at the 2015 general election was:
Conservative 42%
Labour 32%
Ukip 18%
Lib Dem 4%
Green 4%
Other 0.4%
A 59% Leave vote at the European referendum on Chris Hanretty's estimates would make this a very interesting contest.
It's the sort of government-held seat that a strong opposition would very much look to win, even perhaps be favourites to pick up. But in the reality that is Jeremy Corbyn's Labour Party, perhaps the real contest will be whether Ukip can overtake Labour, with all that would mean for morale and momentum in both those parties.
For the Conservatives it would be an almost perfect, if unwanted, test case as to whether chaos and confusion across much of the rest of the political spectrum is enough to let them sail serenely on to victory above it all. But it's also a test Conservatives are rather keen to avoid if possible.
UPDATE: Hmm. With the snap 2017 general election, my by-election prediction score was left at a less than stellar zero out of six. At least my general election predictive talk was rather more accurate…
In the aftermath of former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin's endorsement of Donald Trump, conventional wisdom says that Trump is back on top in the first primary state of Iowa after Ted Cruz jumped ahead in the state polls a few weeks ago.
Charles Krauthammer said, “I think this could be decisive… not because it helps Trump or it brings him additional support, but that it hurts Cruz. The one thing standing between Trump and success in Iowa is Cruz. He attributes his success in becoming a Senator to her. She now turns against him.” Mark Halperin of Bloomberg said on MSNBC, “I think at this point, if you said, of all the people in the race, who's the one most likely to win both Iowa and New Hampshire, today you'd have to say it's Trump.” John McCain's top 2008 strategist, Steve Schmidt, says, “If you were betting on who's going to be the Republican nominee today, you'd put your money on either Trump or Cruz… And with the odds favoring Trump.”
But Ted Cruz can still win Iowa.
The current RealClearPolitics poll average has Trump in the lead with 32.2 percent of the vote, followed by Cruz at 27 percent. The Des Moines Register/Bloomberg poll had Cruz leading at 25 percent, and Trump at 22 percent; the Gravis poll has Trump leading with 34 percent and Cruz at 28 percent. Public Policy Polling, a Democratic polling firm, has Trump leading with 28 percent and Cruz in second with 26 percent.
In other words, we've got a dead heat.
Which means it all comes down to turnout.
On February 1, at 900 sites around the state, supporters for particular candidates will make the case for their candidates. Then, ballots are privately marked and counted, at which point local caucus organizers send the information to the state party via smartphone app. Caucus organizers are not appointed by the state; they're set up by the state parties and run by volunteers. Delegates, as ABC News reports, are not bound by the votes here – they're “determine[d]… at county and district conventions later in the year.” But for all intents and purposes, caucuses simply require you to sit for a longer period of time and then vote. That means coming out, often in nasty weather, for caucus voters, and volunteering to count ballots and spend hours doing so for organizers. This means that the most motivated voters win.
And nobody is more motivated than the Ted Cruz crowd. Trump's support comes from heretofore alienated subgroups, many of whom haven't voted before. They have no history of high voter turnout. Cruz's support comes from the traditional base in Iowa: Evangelicals and conservatives. Cruz has support from Evangelical pastors in every single Iowa precinct. He's done the ground work. Trump hasn't.
Beyond that, Trump has the highest negatives of any candidate in Iowa outside of Jeb Bush – he's at 54 percent positive and 45 percent negative. Cruz, by contrast, has the highest positives: 76 percent to 19 percent. This means that Cruz is everybody's second pick – so as the field narrows, Cruz should gain.
In short, Donald Trump must turn out every Donald Trump backer to beat Cruz. Cruz must only turn out a solid segment of his base, and then hope that the other candidates who have been flagging down the stretch continue to do so, with their voters bleeding over to him. There's a reason that just days ago, fivethirtyeight.com forecast Cruz with a 51 percent chance of winning Iowa, with Trump at just 29 percent – although fivethirtyeight.com also estimates Trump with a 43 percent to 42 percent advantage when endorsements are taken out of the game.
Ted Cruz must continue to pound away the message that Trump isn't conservative enough and that he reflects “New York values” in order to win Iowa. Palin's endorsement of Trump makes that more difficult, but the establishment's sudden move to back Trump against Cruz makes Cruz's job easier. Yet days ago, establishment mainstay Bob Dole – a Jeb! endorser – said that Cruz would suffer “cataclysmic” losses while Trump would do better. Why? “I question his allegiance to the party,” said Dole. “I don't know how often you've heard him say the word ‘Republican' – not very often.” Dole complained that Cruz says “conservative” instead and called Cruz an “extremist.” He then echoed Trump's argument: “I don't know how he's going to deal with Congress. Nobody likes him.”
In Iowa, that's a pitch for Cruz. As it should be.
The Cruz campaign is organized and determined. They have a real advantage in Iowa. But they'll have to keep their noses to the grindstone.
Ben Shapiro is Senior Editor-At-Large of Breitbart News, Editor-in-Chief of DailyWire.com, and The New York Times bestselling author, most recently, of the book, The People vs. Barack Obama: The Criminal Case Against The Obama Administration (Threshold Editions, June 10, 2014). Follow Ben Shapiro on Twitter @benshapiro.
Sperm whales share something fundamental with humans. Both of our species form groups with unique languages and traditions known as "cultures." A new study of sperm whale groups in the Caribbean suggests that these animals are shaped profoundly by their culture, which governs everything from hunting patterns to babysitting techniques. Whale researcher Shane Gero, who has spent thousands of hours with sperm whales, says that whale culture leads to behaviors that are "uncoupled from natural selection."
Gero and his colleagues recently published a paper on Caribbean whale culture in Royal Society Open Science, in which they describe the discovery of a new clan. Though this clan may have lived in the Caribbean for centuries, it's just coming to light now because sperm whales live and hunt in vast territories. This makes them hard to track. Like many scientists who study these wide-ranging creatures, Gero observes them by lowering specialized microphones into the water and recording the sounds they make to communicate.
Scientists working throughout the world have identified 80 unique "codas," the sperm whale equivalent of words, which they produce by emitting sounds called clicks. Each sperm whale clan has its own dialect, a unique repertoire of codas shared only with the other families who make up their clan. In the Pacific, there are five known dialect clans, and many of them co-exist in the same general regions without ever interacting. Atlantic whales have their own dialects too, and in the Caribbean there are two known clans.
Sperm whale society is very complicated, and every whale belongs to multiple social groups. Individuals spend most of their time in small family units, and multiple families converge to form larger groups. All the groups who share a dialect form a clan, and members of a clan may be so widely dispersed that they never meet one another even though they speak the same language. Families are made up of adult females and calves, while adult males tend to roam widely between clans and sometimes even swim from one ocean basin to the other. But even these general social structures vary a lot between oceans.
Gero says that Caribbean sperm whales spend most of their time in families of 5-7 animals rather than multi-family groups. Within these families, it's possible to observe friendships forming between individuals who spend more time together than with other family members. Caribbean whales also form friendships at the family level; often the same two families will swim together over the years while others basically ignore each other. In the Pacific, by contrast, scientists have never observed friendships between individuals. No two adult whales are ever spotted together more than once. That said, clans in the Pacific are much more tightly knit. Pacific sperm whales who speak the same dialect will form groups without any apparent preferences for certain families or individuals. Though these are clan differences, there are cultural differences at the family level too. In some families, calves are nursed by multiple females, while in others the calf nurses only from its biological mother.
It's likely that clan differences originated as responses to environmental challenges. In the Pacific, sperm whales roam over vast distances, and the animals' natural range stretches from pole to pole. By comparison, whales in the Caribbean are rarely more than 400 kilometers apart, which isn't much when you consider that they can swim up to 50 km per day. Pacific whales, whose ranges are on the order of thousands of kilometers, are less likely than their Caribbean counterparts to meet the same whale again. As a result, they may not be as choosy about which clan members they befriend. Whales in the Pacific are also more vulnerable to predators like orcas, so it's probably more advantageous for these whales to help all members of the clan equally, as a defense against attacks. Gero describes Caribbean whales as more "individualistic," while their Pacific cohorts have "an us-versus-them attitude" about their clans.
Sperm whale speech
A lot of the information we have about whale culture comes from analyzing their dialects. By recording individual whales in conversation, Gero and other researchers have tracked families, groups, and clans over time. In the Caribbean, for example, there's one distinct coda that Gero and his colleagues have heard repeatedly over the past 30 years. Called the 1-1-3 coda, it's a series of two clicks followed by three clicks in a rather catchy rhythm. Each family teaches new calves the coda, precisely duplicating the pattern used by every family in the clan. "This is an indication that that call is really important for all the families," Gero told Ars. "It's a marker of their cultural heritage. They're basically saying, 'I'm from the eastern Caribbean.'"
There are 20 unique codas among Caribbean sperm whales, but there is one coda that they share with sperm whales throughout the world. It's known colloquially among human scientists as "five regular." Every sperm whale broadcasts this series of five rapid clicks, but with slight variations that serve as the whale's "name" or signature call. A whale might use the five regular as a greeting, or as a signal to a distant companion that she's still in the area.
Gero said sperm whales use language to find companions and allies, just the way humans do. "Among early humans, language was used as shorthand for suite of values and behaviors and norms," he explained. "Groups of people walked around and met strangers and used language to decide whether to cooperate. A shared language meant shared norms, including where you lived and how you gathered food. Having these dialects means that sperm whale society is socially segregated. It means that cultural identity is important to these animals." And language is the vehicle they use to express culture.
Of course, human culture is dramatically different from whale culture. Humans are obsessed with making tools, from pottery bowls to computers, and whales don't appear to have any material culture or art. But as Gero puts it, "There's no doubt that these animals are sharing and learning in an inheritance system [of language] that's completely distinct form genetics. It's uncoupled from natural selection."
Cultural evolution and extinction
Richard Dawkins' 1970s book The Selfish Gene popularized the idea that small units of meaning called memes evolve like genes. But long before that, evolutionary biologists had observed units of culture, like sperm whale codas, spreading through populations. Sometimes the presence of a particular cultural idea means one clan survives when another one doesn't. But just as often, a piece of culture is more like the 1-1-3 coda. Its rhythm can't prevent whales from being eaten by predators, or show them where the tastiest octopuses live. Instead it just serves as a form of identity with other whales, a signal that says they can share resources and knowledge.
Sperm whale clans are diverse, but even at the family level we can see behaviors that are completely unique. When adolescent males leave home, they strike out for the seas beyond the clan. For a long time, scientists thought this journey began when the young males got a burst of testosterone that sent them wandering. But recently, through close observation, they discovered that it's the adult females in a family who initiate these walkabouts. When a male reaches his late teens, and his mother gives birth to another calf, the family stops including him in their social rituals. Males respond very differently to this treatment. Some meet up with other young males and form small groups, roaming the seas together. The males communicate using "clacks" instead of "clicks," abandoning the dialects of their clans until they return home many years later.
But Gero and his colleagues observed one male who refused to leave home. He followed his family for two years after they pushed him out, finally leaving only once he'd met another young male whom he could team up with. No one is entirely sure why one male leaves quickly while another stays with his family, nor do they know what happens to the roving males who move between clans as they search for mates. What we do know is that when adult males approach a new clan, they speak in codas "that we've never heard before," Gero said. We've only just begun to untangle the complexity of these animals' cultures.
Knowing that sperm whales have cultural identities means that we can no longer think of different whale groups as interchangeable. A sperm whale from the Caribbean acts and communicates very differently from a Pacific sperm whale, and conservationists worry about preserving this kind of diversity. "What does it mean to lose a sperm whale culture?" Gero asked. It wasn't a rhetorical question. The whales in the Caribbean have a calf mortality rate of 29% during the first year of life. The families who identify themselves with the 1-1-3 clan are suffering from a steady population decline, Gero said, as they die from "ship strikes, getting tangled in fishing gear, and chemical contaminants from agriculture." If the 1-1-3 clan goes extinct, we can't fix that by plunking a new group of sperm whales into the Caribbean—the newcomers wouldn't have the cultural background to survive in that specific environment. "It would be like asking a New Yorker to survive in the Amazon," Gero said. "Maybe they would last a few days, but they wouldn't do as well as the local people."
There are roughly 200,000 sperm whales in the world today, but each one comes from a unique culture, with its own dialect and traditions. "It's easy to forget that they are always out there hunting, and babysitting, and playing, and avoiding predators; while we watch a match for the EURO2016, check Twitter, and order pizza," Gero mused. "Their lives go on mostly unnoticed by ours, but they have been out there roaming the oceans for generations before we came along, and the weight of that shared history should greatly affect our motivation for ocean conservation." By "shared history" Gero doesn't just mean how long we've spent on the planet with these enormous, deep-water hunters. He means humans and whales' shared experience of history itself, of cultural identity, and knowing where you fit into a social world that's defined by something greater and more ineffable than genetics.
Listing image by Photo Courtesy of The Dominica Sperm Whale Project
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has long warned that largely pro-European Scotland would not accept a damaging break with the EU (AFP Photo/)
London (AFP) - Parliament gave its approval Monday for Prime Minister Theresa May to start Britain's withdrawal from the European Union, even as Scotland signalled its opposition by announcing plans for a fresh independence vote.
The House of Lords rejected a last-ditch attempt to amend a bill empowering May to begin Brexit, paving the way for it to become law as early as Tuesday.
The prime minister could then trigger Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty at any time, starting two years of talks that will end with Britain becoming the first country to leave the bloc.
May's spokesman sought to play down speculation that she would send her notification letter to the European Council on Tuesday, when the bill is expected to receive royal assent from Queen Elizabeth II.
"We have been clear that the prime minister will trigger Article 50 by the end of March," her spokesman said ahead of the vote, heavily emphasising the word "end".
But the prospect of an imminent start to Brexit was enough to push the nationalist devolved government in Scotland into calling for a new independence referendum.
May has said Britain will leave Europe's single market in order to cut immigration, a move that the Scottish National Party (SNP) in power in Edinburgh has warned would be highly damaging to jobs and growth.
SNP First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said since the June referendum vote for Brexit that Scotland, where a majority wanted to stay in the EU, sought a different future.
On Monday she made good on her warning, promising to give Scotland "a choice at the end of this process" by early 2019 -- before Britain leaves the EU.
The European Commission, however, quickly responded saying that Scotland would have to reapply to join the EU rather than inheriting Britain's membership.
- Countdown to Brexit -
May has the power to block the vote and said that another referendum, after Scots voted by 55 percent to reject independence in 2014, would only cause "uncertainty and division".
But Sturgeon's call pushes to centre stage one of the prime minister's biggest concerns about Brexit -- that it could lead to the break-up of the United Kingdom -- as she prepares to fire the starting gun.
The other 27 European leaders are prepared for Britain to trigger Article 50, which begins a two-year countdown to Brexit, this week.
However, speculation is growing that it may now be delayed until after a March 25 summit in Rome to mark the EU's 60th birthday -- timing that would likely be welcomed in Brussels.
Once May has notified the EU of her decision by letter, the bloc will take just 48 hours to issue its first draft proposal for the negotiations, with a follow-up meeting planned on April 6.
The actual talks are not expected to begin for months.
The bill empowering May to begin Brexit was forced on the government by a Supreme Court ruling and was held up when the House of Lords voted for amendments demanding guarantees for EU nationals' rights and a parliamentary vote on the final withdrawal deal.
Brexit minister David Davis successfully urged MPs to overturn the changes earlier Monday, saying: "We will not enter the negotiations with our hands tied."
The House of Lords then conceded, passing the bill unamended late on Monday.
- 'Shame on you' -
The Lords amendment demanding protections for more than three million Europeans living in Britain was defeated by 335 votes to 287 by MPs -- prompting shouts of "shame on you" from protesters outside.
Around 150 people had gathered to urge MPs to back the change, including Karin Templin, a 39-year-old architect who was born in the US but is now British.
"I'm appalled at the UK government, at this stupid ridiculous game that means they won't guarantee the rights of everybody who wants to stay in their home and in their jobs. I'm disgusted," she said.
May's government says it wants to guarantee Europeans' rights to stay in Britain, but cannot until EU leaders offer similar rights to British expatriates.
The other amendment that was overturned would have given parliament the right to decide whether to accept the final Brexit deal.
May has promised lawmakers a vote on the deal but only if she accepts it -- insisting her ability to walk away will strengthen her hand in negotiations.
Despite all the talk of an economic slowdown, the holiday shopping season is off to an "energetic" start, according to a retail survey out tonight, reports
The survey says 172 million shoppers visited stores and websites this weekend - up 15 million from last year, and the average shopper spent more than $372, up 7.2 percent from a year ago.
Like an unexpected present under the Christmas tree, retailers received a pleasant surprise from shoppers on this bellwether weekend, Pinkston reports. Despite a national economic slump that's driven consumer spending down to its lowest level in almost 30 years, many Americans put anxiety aside and opened their wallets.
"We're trying to be as smart as we can be with our dollars because it's not getting better any time soon," one shopper told CBS News.
The National Retail Federation reports Americans spent $41 billion over the Thanksgiving holiday, a whopping 18 percent increase over 2007.
"I think there was some pent-up demand from the last month or two," says Robert Guerra of the Simon Property Group.
Guerra, a manager for the largest mall company in America, believes sales are up because of deep discounts.
"That $500 last year this year is worth $800 to $1,000 dollars because of all the terrific bargains we have."
That's exactly what's motivating shoppers in New Jersey.
"The sales prices that were going on, and I had some coupons that were good for this weekend," says one New Jersey shopper.
"But only going on the clearance rack, not going for the full-priced items," she said
"If you look around, if there's a rack that doesn't have a sale sign on it, we know something is probably wrong," says Marilyn Rizzuti, a Sears store manager.
Sears is also enticing customers with credit card deals - no interest payments due until 2010.
"I am seeing that more customers are opening up credit applications, so they're buying with credit a little more," Rizzuti says.
But while consumers are spending, Pinkston reports, they're also holding back.
"Just in case, you never know, just the way things are, there are a lot of layoffs all over the country, we just want to be safe and be careful," says another shopper.
Donald Fehr is approaching six years in his post as the head of the NHL Players' Association.
In advance of the World Cup, the 68-year-old sat down with The Canadian Press to discuss next month's tournament and other issues in the game, including fighting, future lockouts and European expansion.
CP: Was there any reluctance on the players' side to the timing of the World Cup right before the season?
Fehr: You can write down that I chuckled because the answer is there is no time that doesn't cause pressure somewhere ... And it's not that pre-season is the best time, but it probably is, at the moment, better than the others ... There have been some informal discussions, for purposes of this World Cup that never rose to the level of serious consideration, that maybe we ought to do it in February. And it's conceivable that that would be considered going forward. But I for one, don't want to make any judgments in that regard until this one is over and we see how it goes.
CP: How does the cycle of lockouts gets broken?
Fehr: The general sense I've had is that for a very long time now in all the salary-cap sports, every single one of them, there is a lockout in every single negotiation. The NFL even locked out its referees for God's sake. I mean, give me a break. Why do they do that? Because the way the agreements are structured (the owners) basically think they've got a free shot at the players. How do you break that? You hope you end up in a circumstance in which everybody is persuaded that an agreement, mutually acceptable, acceptable to both sides, can be reached without having to go through that. Baseball is not a cap sport. It's the only one which does not have, over the last 20 years, a history of stoppages by lockout or by strike. It took the battle royale, 94/95 (MLB players strike during which Fehr was head of the union), to persuade the owners that they didn't have to fight over those issues anymore ... My advice to the players is given the history, when you go into negotiation, what you do is you hope for the best and prepare for the worst.
CP: So is the answer to stopping the cycle no cap? And is that something you would ever push to get back?
Fehr: The answer is the players make those decisions as you get there. And we're a long way from there. And people talk about what the decision is — Is it cap or no cap? Is it this or is it that or something else? — that's not the decision you make. Everybody says "Why didn't you negotiate this?" The problem is most of the "this" things they talk about are not available options. When you get down to whatever you think the end is of the negotiation, the question is, is the agreement which is achievable preferable to the alternative, which is ordinarily a shutdown. That's the decision you've got to make.
CP: So it's not going into the fight saying "We're getting this back"?
Fehr: It might be. You might take very strong positions. But that's a decision the players make at the time. And you might say "Well, why can't you make it now?" Well, I don't know what the economic issues are going to be at the time (and) I don't know how the players are going to be feeling. And our membership will turn over more than 50 per cent between now and then. I'm not even talking to the same people.
CP: I asked (NHL commissioner) Gary Bettman if the NHL would ever pursue getting rid of fighting and he said the only way that it would ever happen is if the PA consented.
Fehr: Legally that would have to happen. And historically, the guys have had views about it which is that hockey is basically a traditional game and to an extent that's been there. That said, it's absolutely clear that over the last several years the incidence is diminishing and I don't see anything which would change that trend.
CP: But is it a conversation you ever have where you just say this doesn't serve a purpose in our sport anymore?
Fehr: If you're saying, is it a subject that at appropriate times we would broach with the players to get reactions? Of course.
CP: Has European expansion ever come up as something that you think the players would be into considering?
Fehr: Only in terms of — and this is internal discussion, not with the NHL — only in terms of either people saying 'Look the KHL is doing this or that or the other, what do you think?' Or in terms of saying 'We have so many European players we want to go international, do you think you could do something over there?' Personally, and I'm not speaking for the players now and I'm certainly not speaking for the NHL, I'd like to see over time an analysis in connection with the whole international development as to whether it would work. That said, it's wrong to suggest that it's on the immediate horizon.
— This interview has been edited and condensed
Thursday: The Canadian Press sits down with NHL commissioner Gary Bettman
HUGE THANK YOU to ALL our supporters, backers, fans, press and many others for making this campaign a success! We are only here because of YOU and we are SO extremely grateful. Not only did we meet our minimum goal, but we will be able to donate FOUR pairs of new NiK Kacy shoes to the Los Angeles LGBT Youth Center because of our generous backers!
NEXT STEPSAs we go into production, we will continue to work hard to create designs and options for a more inclusive gender optional community. We want you to wear the style you feel AUTHENTIC in and we hope to make shoes that you will love!
Though this campaign ends at midnight (Pacific Standard Time) on March 27th, we will start taking orders online as early as April for a September delivery. For more information, please visit our website at www.nikkacy.com to pre-order, learn about us or read some articles about why we are here and what we hope to achieve. You can also reach us via email at info@nikkacy.com and I will do my best to respond everyone personally.
Love, light and so much Gratitude,
NiK Kacy and his Posse ;)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
About NiK Kacy
NiK Kacy
As a person who identifies as gender-fluid or third sex, I struggled for years to find a pair of shoes to fit both my identity and my feet. A pair of derby-styled wingtips in a “women's” size 7 was nearly impossible to find. After years of stuffing in extra insoles, I realized that it was time to create the solution. I left my job at Google and trekked around Europe tracking down open-minded, old-world shoe artisans and started designing.
I have designed five fantastic masculine-styled shoes and tested them out in the community and on the feet of models on the runway at the DapperQ fashion show to great feedback. People love them and are ready to buy! I have formed relationships with some of the best old-world shoemakers in Portugal with impeccable quality and detailing, as well as, ethical and humane work environments.
Everything is ready to go to produce the first collection of gender-equal luxury footwear. Now all I need is $36,000 to fund a minimum production run of 200 pairs. The funds will cover making a whole new set of molds I custom designed with gender-neutral proportions. Sizes* will be measured in EU sizing between 36-44 (which is roughly a US Women's 5.5 to Men's 11). If we hit our STRETCH goals, we'll be able to go to the next level and extend our sizes up to 47 (Men's 14), open up an online boutique, develop a feminine-styled collection, and include vegan leather in our collection!
*See Conversion Chart in FAQs page for more information regarding sizing.
The First Collection
The 5 Styles - Wingtip Derby, Classic Derby, Desert Boot, Dress Boot, Monk Boot. All shoes are made from genuine leather, with leather soles, hand-crafted by Portuguese artisans.
My first collection, Fortune, does away with the notion of “men's” and “women's” styles and sizes and establishes the first gender-fluid luxury footwear line in sizes 36 through 44 (i.e. “women's” 5.5 to “men's” 11). In order to go into full production, I need to fund the costs upfront and produce a minimum order of 200 pairs, develop all the molds (called "lasts") and cutting plates in each size. Because the proportion is uniquely designed for a unisex fit, it is very important to create lasts for each of the sizes so that each style will comfortably fit any gender identity.
Fortune consists of 5 masculine-styled designs that fit all sizes from a derby wingtip to a desert boot. While the launch collection is geared towards androgynous, butch and masculine-of-center individuals, I plan to extend the line to include traditionally feminine-styled shoes in all sizes as well as non-traditional designs, in the near future. I want to show the shoe industry that our community matters and that style should not be defined by gender. Back this project and help turn my dream of gender-equal shoes into a reality!
Benefiting the Community
Possibly even more rewarding than providing gender-nonconforming shoes to the public is the ability to further help my community, especially to those in need.One pair of shoes will be donated to the Los Angeles LGBT Youth Center for every 50 pairs of shoes that get backed. My hope is that I'll be able to donate at least four styles at the end of this campaign, if not the entire collection! Long-term, my vision is to provide an annual supply of styles from each collection in a variety of sizes for the Youth Center so that this youth will have the tools necessary to start their new lives - one step at a time.
(Note: To avoid cluttering this project page, you can find more photos of the entire collection on my website homepage.)
Navy/Black Classic Derby
The Classic Derby emotes confidence by improving upon a traditional style and offering a subtle but striking navy/black, two-toned color pattern. They're as suave as your Dad's derbies, but they fit you like they should.
Black/White Wingtip Derby
The Wingtip Derby comes in flashy dual black and white color designs. Once considered too flamboyant for proper British gentry in the 1920s and 1930s, they're perfect for the modern maven looking to make a statement. Also available in solid dark brown.
Blue Suede Desert Boots
The Desert Boot You won't want to cross the Mojave or the Gobi in these suede boots, they're just too beautiful, but you will get noticed walking across any room in either the beige or the blue versions. One's a little bit Country and the other a little bit Rock N' Roll!
Grey/Black Dress Boots
The Dress Boot comes in three gorgeously distinct color combinations. There's the classic light brown, the gothic black, and the punk-rock gray over black. The side zipper offers easy launch and landing for your foot, and they also come with the Fortune line's signature red stitching.
Navy/Grey Monk Boots
The Monk Boot A bit more formal than the Derby, the Monk is a shoe not to be forgotten, when seen, and not to be overlooked for your collection. With double straps, two-toned color combo featuring desert green on gray or navy blue on gray, this boot serves up a side of stomp with your style.
Universal Fortune Collection Specs
All NiK Kacy shoes offer the same Portuguese craftsmanship, genuine leather quality and peerless design.
Red equality symbol and matching welt stitching
Calf leather upper with hand finished detailing
Supple pigskin lining for comfort
Ready to wear leather insole with breathable arch support
Traditional hand stained leather outsole
Back pull tab for easy fitting
Stacked heel with hand stained detail
Heel Height: 1 inch
Platform Height: 0.5 inch
Versatile Comfort Insoles
Durable comfort cushions with breathable arch support
At our first photoshoot, over 12 models with about the same feet size, raved about how comfortable these shoes were. I attribute it to my insoles with arch support and a durable genuine leather backing. These insoles last longer and don't lose its buoyancy. And for those of you who prefer to wear your own insoles or orthotics, these insoles are designed to be easily removed without any sticky remnants so you can replace at your heart's desire.
The Accessories
Limited-edition Keychain is made in Portugal with genuine leather, with our logo embossed on it so where ever you go, you can spread the word about us. Designed with 2 attachment options - via a leather strap or a removable swivel hook. Either way, you've never looked sexier with a set of keys. ;)
Size: 6" length x 1" width, with 1.5" diameter key ring. Dark brown leather with antique bronze metal.
NiK Kacy Leather Keychain
Limited-edition Bracelet This two-toned wrist cuff bracelet (made from a small artisan shop in Portugal) is made of beautiful black leather straps inspired by the Equality symbol and bold white leather as the base. It is fastened with two silver buckles as a finishing touch. (NOTE: The final bracelet will only have the logo embossed into the leather and not be a black on white print so it won't be so noticeable)
NiK Kacy Two-toned Equality Bracelet in two color options. Genuine Leather. Made in Portugal.
Cuff size:
width - 2.36"/ 6cm
length - 6.3"/ 16 cm (base), 9" / 23 cm (straps)
[One Size Fits All]
Walk Your Way Ad Campaign
As part of our launch for the brand and the first collection, I wanted to keep with the color Red for good luck, good fortune and the authenticity of all the real-life models who graciously volunteered their time and hard work to participate in this campaign. Words cannot describe how grateful I am for their contribution, their encouragement, their energy and their love. I am constantly inspired by my peers, my community and I hope that everyone else in the world can share the beauty that is walking one's own way.
8.5" x 11" Walk Your Way Campaign Prints
Hi-Res Walk Your Way Prints - Select one of our rewards that include an autographed, personalized print and we will send you a specially selected print for our Founders Circle members! To see more photos and see how these lovelies walk their way, go to our website.
The Ultimate True Bespoke Experience in Hollywood, CA
Sharpe Suiting and NiK Kacy are teaming up to bring you our biggest reward! Be a studly supermodel for 5 days in sunny Los Angeles and get a pair of bespoke shoes along with a true bespoke 3-Piece Suit. Be wine and dined by your designers and party with local celebs and then be camera ready for a NiK Kacy and Sharpe Suiting photoshoot!
Rewards Summary
Welcome back to Top Shelf Prospects, the daily column that brings you the next crop of professional hockey players. Each day I will bring you a new player profile or topical article in the lead-up to the 2014 NHL Draft. Be sure to bookmark the site, follow me on Twitter, and spread the word for the site that will bring you analytical and critical profiles and scouting reports! Last Word On Sports is your new headquarters for everything “Draft”! For a Complete Listing of all our 2014 Draft Articles Click here.
I've had many people ask about heights and weights of players in the NHL Draft.
The official team released numbers by the prospects current clubs are often inaccurate. But I've managed to get the info from the recent NHL Combine. So here you guys go, a handy resource of accurate NHL draft prospect heights and weights. These are unofficial.
2014 NHL Combine Heights and Weights – Skaters
Aho, Sebastian – 5'9.25″ – 165 lbs
Amadio, Michael – 6'1″ – 190 lbs
Aube-Kubel, Nicolas – 5'11” 187 lbs
Audette, Daniel – 5'8″ 175 lbs
Barbashev, Ivan – 6'0″ 180 lbs
Bayreuther, Gavin – 6'0.5″ 195 lbs
Bennett, Sam – 6'0.25″ 178 lbs
Bird, Tyler – 6'1.5″ 200 lbs
Bishop, Clark – 5'11.5″ 182 lbs
Bleackley, Conner – 6'0.25″ 192 lbs
Bunting, Michael – 5'11” 174 lbs
Chatham, Connor – 6'2″ 222 lbs
Clarke, Blake – 6'1″ 196 lbs
Collins, Ryan – 6'5″ 202 lbs
Cornel, Eric – 6'1.5″ 186 lbs
Dal Colle, Michael – 6'1.5″ 182 lbs
De Leo, Chase – 5'9″ 178 lbs
DeAngelo, Anthony – 5'10.5″ 175 lbs
Donato, Ryan – 6'0.25″ 174 lbs
Dougherty, Jack – 6'1″ 186 lbs
Draisatl, Leon – 6'1.5″ 204 lbs
Duke, Reid – 5'11.5″ 189 lbs
Dvorak, Christian – 6'0.25 178 lbs
Ehlers, Nikolaj – 5'11” 162 lbs
Eiserman, Shane – 6'1.5″ 200 lbs
Ekblad, Aaron – 6'3.5″ 216 lbs
Fabbri, Robbie – 5'10.25″ 170 lbs
Fiala, Kevin – 5'10” 180 lbs
Fleury, Haydn – 6'2.5″ 203 lbs
Foegele, Warren – 6'0.75″ 178 lbs
Foss, Ryan – 6'3″ 183 lbs
Gardiner, Reid – 5'10.5″ 183 lbs
Gendron, Miles – 6'1.5″ 181 lbs
Gersich, Shane – 5'11” 175 lbs
Glover, Jack – 6'3.25″ 190 lbs
Goldobin, Nikolai – 5'11.75″ 178 lbs
Hawryluk, Jayce – 5'10.25″ 190 lbs
Haydon, Aaron – 6'2.5″ 197 lbs
Hickey, Brandon – 6'1.5 177 lbs
Ho-Sang, Joshua – 5'11” 175 lbs
Honka, Julius – 5'10.75 180 lbs
Iacopelli, Matheson – 6'1.5″ 192 lbs
Irving, Aaron – 6'0.5″ 185 lbs
Iverson, Keegan – 6'0.75″ 219 lbs
Jacobs, Joshua – 6'1.75″ 193 lbs
Johansson Emil – 5'11.75″ 194 lbs
Kamenev, Vladislav – 6'2″ 203 lbs
Kapanen, Kasperi – 6'0″ 181 lbs
Karabacek, Vaclav – 5'11.5″ 196 lbs
Karlsson, Anton – 6'1.25″ 187 lbs
Kase, Ondrej – 6'0″ 165 lbs
Kempe, Adrian – 6'1.25″ 187 lbs
Lammikko, Juho – 6'2.5″ 189 lbs
Larkin, Dylan – 6'0.75″ 190 lbs
Leblanc, Olivier – 5'11.5″ 157 lbs
Lemieux, Brendan – 6'0.25″ 206 lbs
Lernout, Brett – 6'4″ 206 lbs
Lindo, Jaden – 6'1″ 201 lbs
Llewellyn, Darby – 6'0.5″ 176 lbs
MacInnis, Ryan – 6'3.25″ 183 lbs
MacLeod, Johnathan – 6'1.5″ 200 lbs
Magyar, Nicholas – 6'1.75″ 194 lbs
Mantha, Ryan – 6'4.5″ 225 lbs
Martin, Brycen – 6'1.75″ 195 lbs
Masin, Dominik – 6'2″ 189 lbs
McCann, Jared – 6'0.25″ 179 lbs
McKeown, Roland – 6'0.75″ 195 lbs
Middleton, Jacob – 6'2.75″ 200 lbs
Milano, Sonny – 5'11.5″ 183 lbs
Mistele, Matthew – 6'1.5″ 190 lbs
Nantel, Julien – 6'0″ 193 lbs
Nogier, Nelson – 6'2.25″ 191 lbs
Nylander, William – 5'11” 169 lbs
Ollas Mattson, Adam – 6'4″ 209 lbs
Pastrnak, David – 6'0″ 167 lbs
Pelletier, Julien – 5'11” 177 lbs
Pepin, Alexis – 6'2.5 218 lbs
Perlini, Brandon – 6'2.75 205 lbs
Perron, Francis – 5'11.5 166 lbs
Peters, Alexander – 6'3.25″ 207 lbs
Pettersson, Marcus – 6'4″ 167 lbs
Poganski, Austin – 6'1.25″ 198 lbs
Point, Braydon – 5'9.75 160 lbs
Pollock, Brett – 6'2″ 182 lbs
Quenneville, John – 6'0.5″ 182 lbs
Reinhart, Sam – 6'0.75″ 185 lbs
Ritchie, Nick – 6'2.25″ 226 lbs
Sadowy, Dylan – 5'11.75″ 183 lbs
Sanheim, Travis – 6'3″ 181 lbs
Scherbak, Nikita – 6'1″ 175 lbs
Schmaltz, Nick – 5'11.5″ 172 lbs
Schoenborn, Alex – 6'0.5″ 196 lbs
Siebenaler, Blake – 6'0.5″ 192 lbs
Slattery, Mitchell – 5'11.5″ 185 lbs
Smith, Hunter – 6'6.5″ 208 lbs
Snuggerud, Luc – 6'0.25″ 180 lbs
Spinner, Steven – 5'11.5″ 196 lbs
Starrett, Beau – 6'4.75″ 197 lbs
Thomas, Ben – 6'1″ 190 lbs
Tkachev, Vladimir – 5'9″ 141 lbs
Tuch, Alex – 6'3.5″ 213 lbs
Turgeon, Dominic – 6'1.75″ 198 lbs
Vanier, Alexis – 6'4.5″ 215 lbs
Virtanen, Jake – 6'0.75″ 208 lbs
Vrana, Jakub – 5'11” 185 lbs
Wallman, Jake – 6'0.5″ 170 lbs
Watson, Spencer – 5'9.75″ 170 lbs
Wesley, Josh – 6'2.5″ 194 lbs
2014 NHL Combine Heights and Weights – Goalies
Demko, Thatcher – 6'3.75″ 192 lbs
Halverson, Brandon – 6'3.5″ 175 lbs
Husso, Ville – 6'3″ 205 lbs
Johansson, Jonas – 6'3.75″ 198 lbs
Kahkonen, Kaapo – 6'1.5″ 209 lbs
McDonald, Mason – 6'4″ 178 lbs
Minney, Edwin – 6'4.25″ 191 lbs
Moran, Brent – 6'3.5″ 186 lbs
Nedeljkovic, Alex – 5'11.75 190 lbs
Perry, Thomas (Chase) – 6'2.5″ 189 lbs
Weywrick, Blake – 6'3″ 203 lbs
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @lastwordBkerr. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” our Facebook page.
For the latest sports injury news, check out our friends at Sports Injury Alert.
In 2004, a 17-year-old British-Pakistani woman named Shafilea Ahmed was suffocated and murdered by her parents, in front of her siblings, after she refused an arranged marriage.
Her death is referenced clearly and heartbreakingly on limited-edition covers of the February issue of Cosmopolitan magazine in the U.K. to raise awareness about so-called honor killings—in which a person is murdered by a family member for bringing what the killer believes is shame upon the family.
Leo Burnett Change, Leo Burnett's specialist arm dedicated to social change, designed the cover, which features a plastic wraparound encasing an image of a woman appearing to be suffocated. It's part of a campaign for Karma Nirvana, the U.K. charity that helps victims of honor-based violence.
The campaign also includes a 7-second online film, also by Leo Burnett, showing the plastic wrapping being ripped open, signifying the release of women from violence.
Karma Nirvana and Cosmo, in partnership with the Henry Jackson Society, are organizing an inaugural Day of Memory for Britain's Lost Women, which will take place July 14—the date of Shafilea Ahmed's birthday.
Northwestern Medicine scientists have discovered a new cause of Parkinson's disease -- mutations in a gene called TMEM230. This appears to be the third gene definitively linked to confirmed cases of the common movement disorder.
In a study published in Nature Genetics, the scientists provided evidence of TMEM230 mutations in patients with Parkinson's disease from both North America and Asia. They also demonstrated that the gene is responsible for producing a protein involved in packaging the neurotransmitter dopamine in neurons. Loss of dopamine-producing neurons is a defining characteristic of Parkinson's disease.
Taken together, the study's findings provide new clues to explain how Parkinson's disease develops in the brain. Those clues may inform future therapies for the disorder, which currently has no cure and few known causes.
"Previous research has associated Parkinson's disease with various factors in the environment, but the only direct causes that are known are genetic," said principal investigator Dr. Teepu Siddique, the Les Turner ALS Foundation/Herbert C. Wenske Foundation Professor at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine. "Many genes have been claimed to cause Parkinson's disease, but they haven't been validated. We show that mutations in this new gene lead to pathologically and clinically proven cases of the disease."
About 15 percent of Parkinson's disease cases are thought to be caused by genetics, primarily by mutations in two genes called SNCA and LRRK2. Siddique said that other genes have only been associated with features of parkinsonism, a general term for neurological disorders with motor symptoms.
The Northwestern Medicine team's proof that mutations in TMEM230 lead to Parkinson's disease is the result of 20 years of research conducted with collaborators around the world.
How they uncovered the gene
The project began in 1996, when Siddique and study first author Dr. Han-Xiang Deng, began investigating a family with 15 members who had typical symptoms of Parkinson's disease. Using DNA samples provided by co-author Dr. Ali Rajput, from the University of Saskatchewan, Siddique and Deng performed genome-wide analysis on 65 of the family's members, including 13 with the disease, in hopes of finding a common mutation that could explain the prevalence.
They were able to narrow the search down to a small region of DNA on chromosome 20 that contained 141 known genes. Using whole exome sequencing technology, they then compared DNA variations -- genetic differences -- in one healthy family member to those in four family members with the disease. The scientists found more than 90,000 variants before eventually identifying TMEM230 as the gene with disease-causing mutation.
"This was a totally new gene. We didn't know its function," Deng explained. "So we did a series of studies to find out where the protein encoded by this gene is located and what it does."
The scientists discovered that TMEM230 encodes a protein that extends across the membrane of tiny sacks inside neurons called synaptic vesicles, which store neurotransmitters before they're released from one cell to another.
"Current symptomatic treatments for Parkinson's disease increase the neurotransmitter dopamine that is released by these synaptic vesicles to cells that project into different parts of the brain controlling motor activity, mood and many other organ systems affected by the disease," Siddique said.
The scientists hypothesize that the protein is involved in the movement of these vesicles.
"We believe that vesicle trafficking defects are a key mechanism of Parkinson's disease, not just for cases with this mutation, but a common pathway for the majority of cases. All three of the authenticated genes are concentrated on synaptic vesicles," Deng said. "Our new findings suggest that normalizing synaptic vesicle trafficking may be a strategy for future therapeutic development. We can develop drugs to promote this critical pathway."
Verifying the gene across populations
Importantly, the research team also found mutations in the TMEM230 gene in cases of Parkinson's disease in additional families in North America and as far away as China. They verified that these patients had both clinical characteristics of the disease (symptoms like tremors, slow movement and stiffness) as well as pathological evidence in the brain (loss of dopamine neurons and abnormal accumulations of proteins inside surviving neurons).
"This particular gene causing Parkinson's disease is not just limited to one population in North America," Siddique said. "It's worldwide, found in very different ethnic and environmental conditions. These mutations are that strong."
In future research, Siddique and Deng plan to explore how TMEM230 mutations cause disease using mouse models.
Siddique is a professor of neurology and of cell and molecular biology at Feinberg. Deng is a research professor of neurology.
In college, we're told time and time again to get “experience.” Employers want to know that you have skills other than cramming for exams. So how do we get that? Internships. While there are plenty of opportunities in the U.S., some of us who can't make it work to study abroad during the semester choose to intern abroad. And even if you have studied abroad, interning abroad can be your excuse to satisfy that travel bug. Aside from the life-changing (and maybe even career-changing) experience, why should you bother making the trip for your internship?
Kill Two Birds with One Stone
Interning abroad gives you all of the benefits of studying abroad and then some. School is obviously important, but internships give you that “real world” experience employers are looking for. And experience abroad proves that you can adapt quickly to new environments. “When you're working, you're really immersed in the culture, which gives you a much better feel for how people do things there,” said Austin Lanners, a previous intern at Culture Shock Media in London.
Pump Up Your Resume
You've probably heard this time and time again, but going abroad looks good on your resume, and for good reason. Working in another country, especially one you've never been to before, teaches you important communication skills and more specific skills within your field. It doesn't go unnoticed.
Fulfill Your Wanderlust
Let's be honest here: None of us go to Europe and plan on staying in our host country for the entire three or four months of our stay. It's the perfect opportunity for your Eurotrip. However, interns need to keep it professional. Have fun on the weekends, but don't go into work hungover every Monday or plan on ditching early every Friday. It's about balance.
Become a Global Citizen
No matter what, conducting business-as-usual in a new country teaches you to be open-minded, prepared for anything and to respond to people of any background in the most polite and respectful way you can. You can (and should) do a little reading on the cultural etiquette of people in your host country, but often it results in trial and error. During my internship in Prague, for instance, it took me a little while to recognize that Americans chattering loudly on the metro annoyed Czech people. Better late than never, right?
Learn How to be Flexible
Adapting to any sort of new situation will be extremely difficult if you can't be flexible. Many people arrive to new internships with limited expectations, so you might just have to roll with it for a while after you get there. “It opened my eyes and made me realize that there isn't just one right way to do things,” said Lanners. “Office culture has a lot to do with how people work.”
Network, Network, Network
Whether you plan on working abroad someday or not, your boss or colleagues there could potentially point you toward your dream job. If you do want to work abroad again and you performed well at your internship, there's a better chance of being officially hired at the company you interned for.
Be the Only American in the Office
“It was so different being completely immersed in British culture and watching people go about their everyday lives and being a part of that,” said Lanners. “I would have questions about spelling and they would make fun of me a little, or they would ask questions about football, and they thought it was so funny that we get so into it. I liked having to interact with people as an outsider.” Everyone should learn how to be confident and comfortable as an outsider at some point. Office culture will be different at every place you work, so you need to know how to handle being the new girl (or guy) in the office.
Fuse Your Interests
An internship abroad is a great way to mesh your skills and interests and grow from that experience. For example, UW Madison student Meagan Doll interned at an NGO in Uganda this summer called Save the Mothers. She's in the journalism school, has an African studies certificate, is interested in international relations and is passionate about human rights. By reporting on issues she cares about in an African country, she found a way to combine all of her interests. The most successful interns are those who are passionate about the work they're doing, so try to find an opportunity where you can pursue as many of your interests as possible.
See Your Field From a New Perspective
Every field operates a little bit differently in different parts of the world, so it's nice to get a bird's eye view of what your future job is all about. “I was a reporting intern on the ground, and when I went I didn't really realize how many new and different things I would have to do and learn. I had to learn to interview with a translator, which I'd never done before, and that's something I probably wouldn't have been able to experience in the U.S.,” said Doll. No matter where you go, even in parts of the U.S., offices operate a little bit differently.
Discover Your Independence
If there's one thing being alone in a foreign country for an extended period of time teaches you, it's independence. During my internship this summer I had to learn how to navigate a lot of things on my own, which can be difficult in a country where many people don't speak English. Learning how to do things as simple as grocery shopping or taking a bus can be harder than you think, but it gave me the confidence to travel without worry and feel like I can be a successful employee in any environment. report this ad
Interning abroad is definitely the most valuable, unforgettable experience I've had during my college career. Most universities in the U.S. try really hard to make these opportunities doable–financially and academically–for students. So go see what your study abroad office has to offer. The world is your oyster.
Vaccines are considered one of the greatest public health achievements of the 20th century. They've saved millions of lives. But there are still outbreaks of vaccine-preventable diseases all over the world — including in the United States.
The Council on Foreign Relations, a nonpartisan think tank, has been tracking news mentions of such outbreaks since the fall of 2008, and they've assembled an amazing, interactive map of them.
In the maps below, each type of illness is identified by a color (Measles / Mumps / Rubella / Polio / Whooping Cough / Other), and larger circles mean more infections (though keep in mind the dots and the maps we've screenshotted here are not all to the same scale).
We've pulled out some interesting things we found as we explored.
Here's a zoomed-out view of all of the vaccine-preventable outbreaks CFR has recorded in North America, with South America, Africa, and parts of Europe and Asia.
Council on Foreign Relations Now here's a zoomed-in view of just the U.S.:
Council on Foreign Relations Outbreaks naturally cluster where there are more people. Cities with large numbers of people who travel internationally may be especially susceptible, as some — not all — outbreaks originate internationally, especially since some of these infections are more prevalent overseas.
Overall, the United States has seen a huge resurgence in whooping cough in the last few years. Look at the scene from 2009:
Council on Foreign Relations Compare the image above to 2012, when all of these whooping cough hotspots popped up. One outbreak in Wisconsin infected almost 6,000 people:
Council on Foreign Relations Not vaccinating children is a disturbing trend and a major health risk— unvaccinated children are at least 8 times more likely to get whooping cough than those who have received the recommended pertussis vaccinations. But the CDC says that's not the main reason for the recent spike in whooping cough cases.
The increase is because of "increased awareness, improved diagnostic tests, better reporting, more circulation of the bacteria, and waning immunity," the CDC says. (The whooping cough vaccine gets less effective as we age, which is why boosters are so important.)
On top of the resurgence of whooping cough, 2011 saw measles outbreaks across the country, especially along the Eastern seaboard. These cases were likely due to dropping vaccination rates — 86 percent of those infected were unvaccinated, the CDC reported:
Council on Foreign Relations Other than whooping cough and measles, the vaccine-preventable outbreaks in the United States since 2008 involved meningitis, chicken pox, typhoid, tetanus, and mumps. All of these happened in a country where vaccines are widely available and widely used.
But the U.S. is not not alone among developed nations facing an upwelling of vaccine preventable infections. Here's what the maps look like for Australia and Japan:
CFR
CFR
The United Kingdom has dealt with a surprising number of measles outbreaks, with the largest affecting more than 2,000 people. France has had fewer measles outbreaks overall, but one 2011 outbreak infected almost 15,000 people. And those numbers are dwarfed by rubella outbreaks in Poland and Romania, which infected more than 39,000 and 24,000 people respectively. Here's the relevant slice of Europe:
CFR
The largest measles outbreak we found on the map was in the Democratic Republic of Congo, where measles spread to 134,000 people in 2011. A measles outbreak in India infected almost 30,000 people, and one in China infected more than 52,000.
CFR Sierra Leone had a shockingly large outbreak of cholera, a disease that's been completely eradicated in many other countries, and Nigeria (you can see its capital city, Lagos, on this map) seemed to have an especially high concentration of outbreaks overall:
CFR While this could be partially because Nigeria is one of the most populous countries in the world, the country's measles outbreaks are especially troubling since they are associated with very high mortality there.
"Children in [Nigeria, Chad, and Niger]," a 2007 study in the journal PLoS Medicine concludes, "still face unacceptably high mortality from a completely preventable disease."
CFR's full map of vaccine-preventable disease is below. Just click on "map" to play around with it for yourself, or visit the larger version on their site.
The Nova Star ferry between Portland, Maine, and Yarmouth started its 2015 season this week thanks to tens of millions in provincial government funding. But what is the economic return for Nova Scotia taxpayers?
No Nova Scotians are employed as crew.
Eleanor Kure, a small businesswoman, hopes the ferry's second season will be good for her business.
This is the first season the Halifax artist's custom-painted pillows are being sold in the ferry's gift shop. She says it's a relationship she appreciates and hopes will last .
"It's my lifeblood. Every customer is really important and everybody keeps me ticking," says Kure.
She was approached by a Nova Star representative at a Toronto trade show who liked her work and placed an order — one of 15 Nova Scotia companies whose work will be sold on the ship.
In addition, Nova Star president Mark Amundsen says in 2014, the ferry worked with "over 80 Nova Scotia suppliers and this year that number is expected to grow."
Progressive Conservative MLA Tim Houston says the process to get Nova Star work is unclear.
"Given that the province is putting up, pretty much all the money for this thing — we're up to almost $40 million invested — it should be very easy for our small, medium, big — for all our businesses — to transact with that company. It's not very easy. It should be," says Houston.
The government contract with Nova Star does not require the company to use a specific number of Nova Scotia companies or people for its operation, saying only:
"The company shall use reasonable commercial efforts to … employ Nova Scotia residents and purchase products and services from Nova Scotia businesses."
Amundsen points out the company directly employs or contracts 40 of the 55 jobs created by the ferry in Yarmouth and is trying to "maximize the benefits to Nova Scotia whenever feasible."
Houston says the province should be tracking the ferry's benefit to taxpayers
"If you're spending government money, you should have a plan in place to find out what direct benefits you're going to get back as a province," he says.
Amundsen says his company will soon start tracking that, starting in July. He says the Nova Star will begin reporting on the benefits to Nova Scotians on a monthly basis.
Less than a week after becoming available, Asus' EeeBook X205 neo-notebook already has some competition. Say hello to the latest version of Acer's Aspire E 11, which costs almost exactly the same, at $199.99, and is superficially not all that different from the Asus machine.
Like the EeeBook X205, the Aspire E 11 has an 11.6" 1366x768 display, 2GB of RAM, 32GB of solid-state storage, and Windows 8.1 with Bing pre-installed. Acer has gone with a dual-core Celeron N2840 processor instead of the quad-core Atom Z3735, though, and it seems to have opted for a smaller battery. Acer quotes a run time of only five hours for the Aspire E 11, compared to 12 hours for the EeeBook X205. Finally, the Acer system is a little heavier, at 2.84 lbs instead of 2.2 lbs.
Since these two notebooks cost basically the same, I'd say the EeeBook X205 is probably the better buy here. The Aspire E 11's arrival does, however, tell us that Asus isn't the only player trying to bring netbooks back into style. Perhaps we'll see more contenders at $199 as the holidays approach.
By the way, the Aspire E 11 is also available in several other variants, which have more RAM and mechanical storage instead of eMMC flash. Prices for those other models start at $249.99. (Thanks to Liliputing for the link.)
[JURIST] The Minnesota Supreme Court [official website] overruled [opinion, PDF] part of a state disorderly conduct statute on Wednesday, saying that it violated the First Amendment because it is “overbroad.” Minnesota Statues 609.72, subd. 1(2) [statute] makes it a crime for a person to disrupt a legally held assembly. The case was brought after defendant Robin Lyne Hensel appealed her conviction under the statute after she had silently protested at a City Council meeting and refused to leave when asked. The majority wrote, “Due to the countless ways in which [the statute] can prohibit and chill protected expression, we conclude that the statute facially violates the First Amendment's overbreadth doctrine.” The dissent, agreeing with the state, wrote that the statute could be narrowly construed to prohibit only conduct not protected by the First Amendment.
The First Amendment protection of free speech is one of the most highly adjudicated constitutional rights. Earlier this month the Department of Justice urged [JURIST report] the Supreme Court to rule in favor of the baker in a same-sex wedding cake case, evoking the First Amendment. Also in September a federal appeals court ruled [JURIST report] that a Wyoming data-trespassing law was subject to the First Amendment. In August two civil rights groups filed [JURIST report] lawsuits against President Donald Trump's transgender military ban, claiming in part that the ban violated their right to free speech. In November a Pennsylvania court found [JURIST report] that a law not allowing out-of-county poll watchers did not violate free speech.
Michel Platini believes changes need to be made to the transfer process
Michel Platini: Calls for changes
In terms of the transfer window, Platini said UEFA's strategic committee would look into the issue and could suggest that all European leagues start at the same time to reduce the length of the window.
He added: "I agree it is too long but the whole world is involved and don't play at the same time as we do. The clubs also want to have transfers finished before the start of their competition.
"The strategic committee includes the clubs and leagues and we will ask FIFA to have a look into what we propose and for all European leagues to start at the same time.
"I agree this window is too long and will have to shorten it."
NAIT launches Trades to Degrees initiative to meet Alberta's needs
NAIT has launched one of the first pathways in North America to allow certified tradespeople the opportunity to move directly from a trade certificate to the third year of a degree program. The pioneering Trades to Degrees pathway is a response to workforce demand for tradespeople with managerial, leadership and entrepreneurial skills.
“Trades to Degrees will be transformative,” said Dr. Glenn Feltham, NAIT president and CEO. “By providing a direct pathway from trades certification to a degree, we're acknowledging the work experience and post-secondary education that led to certification. The pathway recognizes the value of what has been achieved by the tradesperson. This is part of NAIT's promise to Alberta to meet the current and emerging needs for relevant and responsive polytechnic education in our province.”
Trades to Degrees was introduced in the 2012 fall semester through NAIT's JR Shaw School of Business, with an inaugural cohort of 22 students comprised mostly of NAIT instructors, who are helping to shape and define the pathway.
Under Trades to Degrees, certified tradespeople can be admitted directly into the third year of the Bachelor of Business Administration program. The pathway will be expanded to other degree programs offered at NAIT.
“This is huge step forward for Alberta's students,” said Premier Alison Redford. “They can enter the trades confidently, knowing that they have the best of both worlds — great jobs and opportunities for further post-secondary education. NAIT is opening these doors by helping people in the trades use their skills and experience to step into positions as managers and leaders in our economy.”
As one of Canada's leading polytechnics, this initiative demonstrates NAIT's commitment to strengthening the trades system and producing a highly-skilled workforce for Alberta and Canada. Every year, more than 12,000 trades apprentices attend NAIT. Ultimately, this new pathway will provide highly-skilled tradespersons with the knowledge and ability to expand their careers, and will help to re-shape Alberta's trades system.
This initiative aligns perfectly with NAIT's long-term vision - NAIT 2021 - and the province's goal of providing Albertans with opportunities for lifelong education.
“We are implementing a New Academic Model that will allow NAIT to meet the needs of learners, the economy and society,” said Dr. Paula Burns, NAIT provost and vice-president academic. “The Trades to Degrees pathway is an excellent example of how NAIT is providing increased access through flexible pathways and experiences leading to holistic student success.”
About NAIT
NAIT is one of Canada's leading polytechnics, with almost 80,000 registrations worldwide in key areas including science, technology and the environment, business, health and trades. Known for real-world education and student success, NAIT also engages with business and industry in applied research and innovation and provides corporate training around the world. NAIT enrolled its first students - 29 communication electrician apprentices - in 1962 and this year celebrates its 50th anniversary.
Media inquiries:
Frank Landry
NAIT Media Relations
P 780.471.8450 C 780.916.8307 E flandry@nait.ca
Marie Iwanow
Press Secretary to the Minister of Enterprise and Advanced Education
C 780-718-0320 E marie.iwanow@gov.ab.ca
Backgrounder
What is Trades to Degrees?
Trades to Degrees is a pioneering pathway designed to admit journeymen directly into the third year of NAIT's Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) program.
When was the pathway launched?
The first class of the Trades to Degrees pathway is underway with 22 students who began the BBA on Sept. 8, 2012. The inaugural cohort is purposely comprised mostly of NAIT instructors, who will help shape and define the pathway. NAIT will learn from the learners. New applications will be accepted for the fall of 2013.
Why did NAIT launch Trades to Degrees?
The initiative responds to a labour market demand for tradespeople who have completed a degree in a related field and will allow Alberta to attract more of the best and brightest into the trades. The pathway is among the first in North America that allows certified tradespeople to move directly from a trade certificate to the third year of a degree program.
Who is eligible for Trades to Degrees?
The primary criterion is trades certification. To ensure that an individual has the strongest opportunity for success, he or she will undergo a selection interview. Entry requirements will be established for each degree program. For example, entry into the Bachelor of Business Administration program requires an average of 65 per cent in the following high school courses with no mark below 55 per cent:
- English 30-1 or English 30-2 or equivalent
- Grade 12 Math (Pure or Applied) or equivalent
- Three additional 30-level courses.
What degrees are included in the pathway?
NAIT offers degree programs in business (BBA) and in technology (BTech), and is developing a degree program in construction management. Currently, the BBA degree is included in the Trades to Degrees pathway. In time, qualified tradespeople will also be able to enroll in the third year of the BTech and construction management degree programs.
How does the trades and apprentice system work?
Skilled trades training is a partnership between the Government of Alberta, industry and post-secondary institutions. At the heart of Alberta's skilled trades system is the apprenticeship model. Hands-on applied learning occurs on the jobsite under the supervision of a journeyperson. The educational component is provided by post-secondary institutions. Trades education is similar in nature and level to other post-secondary education, however, individuals with trades certification have previously had few pathways to baccalaureate level education. Those who sought to further their education received little academic credit for the education and experience they had attained.
This week brings some important new developments in an area that rarely gets enough attention: The GOP's ongoing efforts to weaken a signature effort by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to buttress the legal rights of consumers when they get into a dispute with a financial services company.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was created under the Dodd-Frank financial reform act to level the playing field for Americans when they deal with companies offering them mortgages, credit cards, and other financial products. This past summer, the CFBP has undertaken to grant consumers who sign user contracts with financial services companies the right to join class action lawsuits in the event of a dispute over the terms of service, charges or other problem.
This CFPB action is an attempt to take on the growing corporate tactic of more or less forcing consumers seeking their offerings to sign away their rights to join a class action lawsuit. There is rarely an opportunity to say no – if you forgo the contract, you can forgo, say, the credit card.
What this all means is that, at a time when Republicans appear divided over so many things, they are unified on this one thing: The Trump administration and the GOP Congress continue to have Wall Street's back. The CFPB plan would toughen regulations in the service of protecting consumers. But Trump and Republicans are trying to roll all that back.
The administration is doing all it can to help congressional Republicans in this regard.
Yesterday, Steven Mnuchin's Treasury Department released a study claiming the CFPB's action would lead to thousands of class action lawsuits and cost the financial services firms impacted by it the “extraordinary” sum of $1.7 billion settlement money, not to mention several hundred million more in legal defense fees. “The rule will effect a large wealth transfer to plaintiffs' attorneys,” the report sniffed.
The financial services industry all but celebrated. Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with Cowen Washington Research Group, proclaimed in an analyst's note that the Treasury Department report provides “political cover” to nervous Senate Republicans, adding: “As a result, we are bullish for the first time for prospects of the Senate overturning the CFPB's prohibition on mandatory arbitration agreements.”
This follows efforts from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which has also taken aim at the regulation. The OCC recently published its own report on the issue, claiming the rule would result in credit card rates increasing by about 3.5 percent. And OCC head Kieth Noreika claimed the rule will cause “harm to community banks.”
Ultimately, the effort to stop this regulation lives or dies in the Senate.
After the CFPB moved forward with the regulation this past summer, Republicans in the House of Representatives, who hate the agency, immediately voted to repeal the nascent rule. But the push to the repeal the regulation could face tougher odds in the Senate. Polling shows Americans support the CFPB on this measure. And predictions have varied as to what will happen in the Upper Chamber. Senator Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) has expressed doubts about repealing it. Sen. Susan Collins (R) is also reported to be undecided, and a recent survey conducted on behalf of Americans for Financial Reform and the Maine People's Alliance found overwhelming support for the regulation in her home state of Maine.
The CFPB's critics aren't wrong when they say the amounts members of a class action sometimes receive in these sorts of cases are often in the low two figures, meaning few will participate in them. But that misses the point of the regulation. Few will go to either court or arbitration for the purpose of recouping, say, an unfair $35 overcharge. But multiply that up by a few hundred thousand, and you can see where a settlement can deter a bank or other financial services firm from engaging in such behavior.
The larger story here is that this is yet another way in which Trump's campaign vow to take on financial elites is being revealed as a scam. Trump campaigned on a promise to “drain the swamp” and frequently claimed Hillary Clinton was “bought and paid for by Wall Street.” But he immediately appointed a passel of Wall Street types to key advisory positions, and set about working with Congressional Republicans to undo regulations protecting vulnerable Americans from big business. He's gone after financial regulation created in the wake of Great Recession, Obama era protections for labor, and attempts to help former college students left with tens of thousands of dollars of student loan debt incurred when they fell for false stats on job placement and graduation rates.
This latest move on the CFPB won't drain the swamp. Pouring buckets of sludge into the swamp is more like it. Or, as Joe Valenti, the director for consumer finance at the Center for American Progress, put it to me: “It's fortifying the swamp by allowing companies to take away victims' right to court and give themselves a free pass from accountability.”
Helaine Olen is a contributor to Post Opinions and the author of "Pound Foolish: Exposing the Dark Side of the Personal Finance Industry." Her work has appeared in Slate, the Nation, the New York Times, the Atlantic and many other publications. She serves on the advisory board of the Economic Hardship Reporting Project.
Post Recommends
The time is near!
Thanks all for registering to play in Monster Mayhem 2017!
A few things to keep in mind for tomorrow morning:
We will be playing on fields 16 and 17.
Bagels and bananas will be provided.
First game starts at 9:00 sharp! We will draw teams at 8:40. Make sure you arrive early enough to not hold up the drawing process!
Costumes are encouraged! Best costumes get a new disc. They will be judged arbitrarily and fairish at best. Be ready to show them off at the lunch break!
A field map for the event as well as schedules will be posted at a table close to the fields.
Make sure to bring a white and dark shirt! Avoid yellow, grey, and beige/gold. Bring extra socks. Fields will be wet in the morning and will take a while to dry out.
A range of new programs designed to bolster the European Union will be at the top of the agenda on Monday, when the two leaders meet. Merkel has already publicly backed Macron's call for a new European investment program to boost growth within the bloc.
"We are happy to think about joint investment programs because Germany also needs to catch up in the digital field," Merkel told a media function Thursday while on the campaign trail in North Rhine-Westphalia, where state elections are being held this weekend. The vote on Sunday in Germany's most populous state is widely considered to be a litmus test for September's federal elections.
Another notion is the creation of an additional parliament for the EU's 19 eurozone members. Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble on Thursday affirmed that both he and Macron were in favor of setting up a eurozone parliament, "made up of European parliamentarians, which would have consultative powers."
Such a body would likely form an expanded European Stability Mechanism (ESM), the Luxembourg-based bailout fund for eurozone countries, Schäuble added.
'Restarting the European project'
While it is tradition for incoming French presidents to make their first foreign trip to Germany, Macron and Merkel's appears to have already formed a foundation. The German chancellor "was the first among foreign leaders to call him, given the importance of the relations between our two countries in restarting the European project," according to a Macron aid.
"There is a wish to work together on several priorities: security, economy and investments as well as (social) protection."
Macron met with Merkel and German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel in March while campaigning. Macron praised the German chancellor, saying the two had discussed issues such as establishing a European defense union and combating terrorism.
Read more: Macron wants a New Deal for Europe
Gabriel, meanwhile, told the 39-year-old En Marche! leader: "From what I can see, you are the only presidential candidate in France who is driving a clear and unambiguous course for Europe."
Watch video 02:22 Share The state of the French economy Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2ch0k The state of the French economy
'Solid and balanced accord'
Meanwhile, Macron managed to pull conservative parliamentarians to his cause along with French centrist Francois Bayrou's Modem Party.
Bayrou said that officials from Macron's movement-turned-political party Republic on the Move (REM) and the Modem Party reached a "solid and balanced accord" in the lead up to France's parliamentary elections slated for June.
Macron has vowed to embolden his vision for France's future by bringing fresh candidates for the French parliament.
The French president-elect was voted in on the back of plans to deepen EU integration and introduce economic reforms aimed at making France's ailing economy more competitive and less burdensome for businesses.
Economic woes
The French economy has for years found itself stuck in a rut, with the International Monetary Fund projecting it to be among the EU's slowest economies this year.
Unemployment currently stands at 10 percent, which is higher than the EU average and more than double the level in Germany or the UK, the EU's two other major economies.
The unemployment rate is even worse among young people, with almost one-quarter of French youths out of work.
Merkel said Thursday that she respected the major task facing Macron in boosting France' economy and overcoming the sense of political malaise that has gripped the country.
Read more: Macron's presidency: It's the economy, stupid!
dm/kms (dpa, AP, AFP)
The NBA Draft is less than a month away as players look to impress in workouts and teams work out ways to utilize the draft to get better.
That makes the Celtics like most teams, but there is one significant difference.
Boston has four of the top 45 picks which means the net that they cast in terms of the draft has to be wider than most.
Not only are they looking at which players to select on draft night, but they're also keeping a watchful eye on those who may slip through the draft and could be potential free agent signees immediately following the draft.
That was the game plan a couple years ago with Phil Pressey, who has been the team's No. 3 point guard each of the past two seasons.
And while the Celtics don't have one of the draft's top picks – they have the 16th and 28th overall selections in the first round, and the 33rd and 45th picks in the second – there's no denying their desire to land an impact player in this year's draft.
With Danny Ainge, there really is no sense of which direction he will go with this year's field of players. Ainge, Boston's president of basketball operations, could try and move up like he did in 2013 when he traded the 16th pick and a pair of second-round selections to Dallas for the 13th pick which was used on Kelly Olynyk. Or Ainge could try and trade down which he did in 2011 in acquiring JaJuan Johnson who was drafted by the New Jersey (now Brooklyn) Nets with the 27th pick in exchange for the Celtics' 25th pick, MarShon Brooks.
And of course he can always stand pat which was what happened last year when the Celtics nabbed Marcus Smart, a second-team all-rookie selection this past season, with the 6th overall pick.
The one thing we do know about the Celtics and their draft plans, is that they will have options – lots of them.
Here's the latest Mock Draft 4.0:
Your daily dose of news and tidbits from the world of money in politics:
RETIREES SPEND HUGE ON REPUBLICAN CANDIDATES: Quick — which “industry” has spent the most on the 2010 midterm elections? A cool $51 million from health professionals? Chump change. Maybe the $61 million from big banks? Not even close. Retired individuals have already spent more than $98 million on federal elections this cycle.
So far, 55 percent of all contributions from retirees this cycle have gone to Republicans, and candidates from the GOP are also bringing the vast majority of big ticket donations from retired individuals. Florida U.S. Senate candidate Marco Rubio, a Republican, has raked in more than $1 million from retirees during his pricey run for office, and eight of the top 10 recipients of funding from retirees are Rubio's fellow Republicans. Rubio's Republican-turned-independent opponent, Florida Gov. Charlie Crist, is No. 8 on the list, bringing in more than $577,000 from retired individuals, and Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) ranks No. 7 after accumulating more than $632,000 for the cycle from retirees.
Overall, it appears the 2010 cycle will be a record-breaking year for retirees contributing to federal candidates, as this cycle's donors have already shattered the 2002 midterm election cycle's total of $74 million. This cycle will almost surely eclipse the $120 million retired individuals shelled out in 2006.
ARE ‘SAFE' DEMOCRATS REALLY IN THE CLEAR? In the final month before ballots are cast nationwide this November, GOP strategists are upping their ambitions as Democrats dig in their heels in an attempt to withstand the last-minute onslaught of new Republican challenges.
The New York Times reports that the National Republican Congressional Committee has shelled out funding for at least 10 new, supposedly “relatively safe” Democratic U.S. House races across the country. The new donations come in the midst of a steady stream of donations to the NRCC from deep-pocketed groups like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
At the same time, Democrats are re-shuffling funds to fortify war chests for candidates in important districts in California, New York, Kentucky and Massachusetts while pulling advertising in some races now written off as a lost cause. So far, Republican party committees have out-raised their Democratic counterparts $366 million to $362 million.
Currently, the New York Times projects 108 House seats in play this cycle, with 168 solid Republican seats and 159 solid Democrat seats.
THE LONG WEEKEND'S TOP OUTSIDE SPENDER IS … the National Republican Congressional Committee, which spent more than $7.8 million on independent expenditures between Friday and Monday. That dwarfs the $628,000 spent by runner-up American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees during the same time period.
Other groups spending more than $400,000 include American Crossroads, National Right to Life and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee.
Have a news tip or link to pass along? We want to hear from you! E-mail us at [email protected].
Center for Responsive Politics researcher Spencer MacColl and reporter Evan Mackinder contributed to this report.
President Donald Trump this week appointed his son's wedding planner to head up a federal housing agency in New York City, and local legislators are sounding off on the appointee, who they say is less than qualified for the important position.
Lynne Patton on Wednesday was appointed to lead the Department of Housing and Urban Development's Region II, which includes New York State and New Jersey, despite having zero housing experience, The New York Daily News has reported.
In addition to planning Eric Trump's wedding, Patton is a former vice president of the Eric Trump Foundation, a nonprofit organization that raises money for children with cancer and which has recently been under scrutiny for paying hundreds of thousands of dollars to Trump properties for use of their facilities.
At a Black History Month event this February, where now-HUD Secretary Ben Carson was also present, Patton said she had been with the Trump family for about eight years and that she would “be landing with Dr. Carson at HUD” as adviser and director of public engagement.
Although she did not dive too deep into her bona fides at that meeting, she also boasts the planning of Trump golf tournaments. In dispute now is whether or not she ever claimed to have earned a law degree from Yale, a claim she never made to her boss Ben Carson, a friend of his told The New York Times.
On her website Friday, Democratic Congresswoman Nydia M. Velásquez, who represents Brooklyn, parts of Manhattan and Queens, called Patton's appointment “a slap in the face to New Yorkers, [the New York City Housing Authority] residents and all Americans who rely on well administered HUD programs to have livable housing and safe communities.”
In a public letter to President Trump, fellow Democrat Grace Meng, also of Queens, echoed the outrage:
“Frankly, serving as your family's event planner and as an employee of the Eric Trump Foundation, which is currently under investigation by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman for criminal activities, does not qualify an individual to serve as “head of the biggest HUD regional office in the U.S. [which] oversees distribution of billions in cash to public housing authorities – including NYCHA – as well as tens of thousands of rental vouchers and block grants that fund housing inspections and senior citizen programs.”
She finished her pointed statement telling the President, “This is not ‘The Apprentice'; the federal government is not your personal patronage system. On behalf of every New Yorker who relies on NYCHA to survive, I ask you to start acting as such.”
No, this is not out of @TheOnion. A completely inappropriate choice for thousands of NYers who depend on fed housing https://t.co/viydsUkbmH — Grace Meng (@RepGraceMeng) June 16, 2017
Patton starts her new job July 5, according to The New York Daily News.
On the Precipice: Burmese Literature Post-Censorship
by Dissident Blog and James Byrne / March 20, 2014 / No comments
How does a country's literature recover after years of mass censorship? James Byrne, poet and founder of the poetry journal The Wolf, has followed the developments in Burma for many years and he was co-editor an co-translator for Bones Will Crow: 15 Contemporary Burmese Poets, which is the first anthology of Burmese poetry to be published in the West. Burmese literature has a bright future, he writes—but there is still much to be done.
Burma or Myanmar? You know a country is in a period of flux when it can be called two names, both of them problematic, both appropriate, depending on whom you ask. Still, we are led to believe that Burma is changing and rapidly so. No longer is this a country being watched from a distance by the world at large, world superpowers are making their visits and opening up their briefcases of Democracy.
A decade ago if you wanted to holiday in Burma you'd choose from a small selection of military-approved hotels. You'd probably be followed, or at least surveyed, curiously in public and if you were to ask anyone on the street for directions then they would either be informed upon, questioned or, worse still, arrested by the military police.[1] Nowadays, at least in the cities, you can stay pretty much anywhere you like and competition is hiking up prices, particularly in Yangon. Capitalism, Western-style, is coming to town and this is signalled by giant billboards of Lionel Messi with a Pepsi can stare over the roundabouts. These kinds of multi-national companies are looking at how they might re-use abandoned factories from the socialist era and take advantage of mass unemployment in a country where thousands of young people are forced out each year to seek work.
Why has the Burmese government decided to bargain with the West now? In part because they are afraid of becoming a Chinese state. Mandalay and much of Upper Burma is owned by Chinese businesses. And, crucially, China is set to open up a trade route from Yunnan Province, through Burma's northern border and ending up in the Bay of Bengal.[2] Realistically the country has no option but to open trade with the West if it wants to survive. Because of all this it was of little surprise to me that when visiting Yangon in November 2012 President Obama declared a new era in international relations between the U.S. and Burma. Of course the effects of this are not all bad, potentially. As a result the new emergence of international trade and Western-led tourism has somewhat thawed a country that, for over fifty years, lived under what Burmese poet Maung Yu Py called a ‘great ice sheet.'
Alongside this, Burmese literature is also changing, to the point where it's rather hard to keep up. When I began researching Burmese poetry back in 2007 I came to realise that the poets were essentially working undercover. They were survivors (those that had survived) and the poetry was extraordinarily rich in imagery, playfulness and dense in metaphor. Some writers would regularly outwit the censorship board. This was not easy, to say the least. In 1975 the then extreme Socialist government printed a list of what could and couldn't be published which included ‘any incorrect ideas and opinions' or ‘anything detrimental to the ‘Burmese Sociality Program.' The resulting mass censorship over successive generations was not merely a case of writing being blocked off by the censor's pen. In fact, during General Ne Win's government he—becoming increasingly paranoiac—banned the use of the word ‘sunset' (his name roughly translates as ‘sunrise' so he presumed that writers using ‘sunset' would be assassinating him in print). Ne Win's ruthless Socialist agenda also forbid the colour ‘Red' because of its Communist associations and later on, until Aung San Suu Kyi was released from periods of imprisonment and house arrest, Ne Win's successor, General Than Shwe, banned the use of the word ‘mother' (the reason being that this was one of Daw Suu Kyi's nicknames, conferred to her by the people).
How does a literature recover itself from these kinds of experiences? Or perhaps the question should be: because Burmese literature was so inventive during successive regimes, what kind of literature might emerge post-censorship? When I was in the country last year there were poems being read about the Arab Spring. There were others about the harsh treatment of Burmese farmers. There were satires about power cuts and short stories that had a beginning and middle, but no end. All of these would have been instantly banned just a few years previously.
The situation is changing for Burmese publishers, too. Until recently it was routine for small press publishers to keep bribe money under the floorboards so that they would be able to publish the work they wanted to, relatively un-censored. Nowadays they can concentrate more on simply publishing the best work out there (and there is more than ever to choose from—poetry remains the most popular form of writing in Burma). Approximately one hundred poetry titles were published last year. The print run of a poetry collection will rarely exceed 1,000 copies, putting it on par with English figures.
Some of the best writers inside Burma are now getting the attention their work deserves. Leading poet Zeyar Lynn now has an international profile—he toured in North America and England in the last few years and a translated book of his poems appeared in Hong Kong in 2013. He was chosen to represent ‘Myanmar' at London's ‘poetry Olympics' in July 2012. One of the most distinguished editors Moe Way (also a fine poet himself) is now expanding his The Eras Press having been invited by Yale University/National University of Singapore to read. Khin Aung Aye has recited his poems in Berlin, South Korea and England. ko ko thett, my co-editor and co-translator of Bones Will Crow: 15 Contemporary Burmese Poets[3], who writes in English, is soon to publish his debut collection, The Burden of Being Burmese, in North America. Interestingly his current anthological project aims to clarify Burmese poetry post-censorship as a literature ‘in transition.' Ma Thida, a former Fellow at Brown University in Rhode Island, and Zeyar Lynn are now pivotal figures in PEN Myanmar, which was launched at the PEN International Congress in September 2013. Essentially, many literary figures, once divided along political or aesthetical lines, are now coming together to celebrate a new future for Burmese writing. Indeed, as I write this article, the second Irrawaddy Literature Festival—of which Daw Suu Kyi is the patron—is about to close in Mandalay. Last year I had the honour of opening the inaugural event of the programme with Zeyar Lynn and ko ko thett. That morning hundreds of Burmese were in the ballroom of the Inya Lake Hotel, supporting the first international literature festival ever held in the country.
With all this and more going on, one would think that Burmese literature has a rosy future. But a lot of this is surface reality. If you probe deeper and talk to many of the writers inside the country suspicion of the government and Western cultural organisations remains. In fact, several poets in Mandalay boycotted the Irrawaddy Festival this year because of apparent shoddy treatment by the (mostly British) organisers. Last year during the festival I became aware that many key Burmese writers were disappointed by their low-level of involvement in the festival. Clearly there is a need for the Burmese to decide how best to celebrate their own literature. This could take the form of an independently-run festival organised by the Burmese themselves.
Burma is on a delicate precipice, politically, and so is its literature. Perhaps the amalgamation of this belies a problem for Burmese writers in this century. Zeyar Lynn warns against new generation, post-censorship poetry being published with the “'P' of Politics overwhelming the ‘P' of Poetry.” This is something that extends to the wider issue of how poetry, or any literature for that matter and in any country, can be promoted as human rights-oriented over its literary merit. When we were editing Bones Will Crow I was at pains to promote the anthology as a book of poetry over politics.
Inside Burma, many of the leading poets born in the 1950s, such as Maung Pyiyt Min, Khin Aung Aye and Zeyar Lynn, are now putting their faith in a new generation of poets, who self-style themselves as the ‘Post-'88 Generation.' These are writers, usually born after 1988, the year of government protests across Burma that resulted in the massacre of more than 3,000 people, including many students. One can see why the ‘Post-88' poets might want to avoid the oppressive weight of history that Zeyar Lynn and others grew up in. There are some fine poets among this burgeoning generation, which is mainly based in Yangon. They exemplify the strange kind of freedom that Burmese literature now finds itself in. How do you create a new literature that doesn't, in some way, look back to its past, however tragic that past may be? Unraveling these strands of new poetry in Burma is difficult and here I am reminded of two immediately ‘pre-Post 88' poets Han Lynn (b.1986) and his brother Tha Kount Thar ('83). They, in contrast from some of the poets born just after them, are influenced by Burmese writers of all generations, as well as Western writers like Charles Bernstein and John Ashbery. “We couldn't have created a literature without the past,” explains Han Lynn, who wrote in a recent poem: “I hear a door knock and open it / The one who enters is me.”
[1] This kind of surveillance hasn't vanished, particularly in rural areas. When I took a bus back from Mon State last year I entered into brief conversation with two monks and a teenage boy. On stopping at a checkpoint the boy was promptly hauled off the bus and the monks were asked what I was discussing with them. ‘Buddhism' they replied.
[2] For a comprehensive study of this I recommend the book Where China Meets India: Burma and the Crossroads of Asia, Thant Myint-U, London: Faber and Faber, 2011.
[3] Bones Will Crow: 15 Contemporary Burmese Poets was published by Arc Publications in 2012. It was the first anthology of modern Burmese poetry published in the West. http://www.arcpublications.co.uk/books/ko-ko-thett-and-james-byrne-bones-will-crow-431.
This article was originally published by and used with permission from The Dissident Blog on March 13, 2014.
Forget the burger and fries clogging your arteries. The "Big Catch" fish platter at Long John Silver's is being called the "Worst Restaurant Meal in America."
The Center for Science in the Public Interest, a consumer advocacy group, says the dish has more than 1300 calories, 33 grams of trans fats and 3700 milligrams of sodium. The meal, which was added to the fast food chain's menu in May, comes with a large piece of breaded, fried haddock, hush puppies (fried cornmeal batter) and onion rings.
But the amount of trans fat in the dish is really the issue for the CSPI, which says it is more than twice the level of the worst KFC dish (at 15 grams of trans fat), before a 2006 CSPI lawsuit forced the chicken restaurant to stop using partially hydrogenated oil--which gives fried food its trans fat.
"Long John Silver's Big Catch meal deserves to be buried 20,000 leagues under the sea," Michael F. Jacobson, CSPI's executive director, said in a statement. "This company is taking perfectly healthy fish -- and entombing it in a thick crust of batter and partially hydrogenated oil. The result? A heart attack on a hook."
The American Heart Association recommends less than two grams of trans fats per day for a healthy life. Most large restaurant chains have stopped using partially hydrogenated oil. CSPI says it may take legal action if Long John Silver's continues to use cooking oil which it says is unhealthy.
The first time I'd ever heard of Bob Stitt was about five years ago at the 1-Back Clinic, an informal annual gathering of some of the cutting-edge minds in college football. That year the clinic was held at the University of Houston. Many of the coaches there – Texas A&M's Kevin Sumlin, West Virginia's Dana Holgorsen, Cal's Sonny Dykes, TCU's Doug Meacham, UCLA's Noel Mazzone — lead or have led some of the most prolific offenses in the FBS.
Stitt walked to the front of the Cougars team room with an unrecognizable "M" on his shirt and said, "I'm Bob Stitt, with two T's at the end of my name." The day's itinerary listed him as "Bob Still." Stitt, now 50, is the head coach at Colorado School of Mines, a Division II school just down the road from the Coors brewing facility in Golden, Colo.
"If this stuff works with our guys, it'll probably work with the guys you have," Stitt said. "We're an engineering school, and we only have one major, engineering. Our average ACT score in math is 29 (out of 36)." That line drew the biggest "Oooh!" of the day.
Article continues below ...
Stitt proceeded to gush about the back-shoulder throw, well, the Back-Shoulder Throw.
Stitt explained that day in Houston that he used to dread opponents lining up in press coverage and blitzing his team, but the back-shoulder throw has offered a solution. "We want man coverage, and we've got receivers who run 4.8 and 4.9 40s," he said.
Since then, Stitt has become a cult hero around college football. The #StittHappens motto is on T-shirts that prominent major college football and basketball coaches have worn for photos on Twitter. And Mines, the program with jaw-dropping academic standards and rigors, still keeps piling up points at a staggering rate.
Stitt also seems like an intriguing option for some FBS programs looking for a jump start, especially when you consider that he took over the most inept program in the near 100-year existence of the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference. Stitt told me when I visited Mines a few weeks back, he'd love a shot at coaching at the FBS level. After all, there are some good examples of small college head coaches who have thrived in the big-time. Notre Dame's Brian Kelly, a former head man at Michigan's D-II Grand Valley State immediately came to mind.
I did a TV feature on Stitt and Mines for FOX Sports 1 this week and it's evident this guy is a pretty compelling character. And he might be the most innovative man in all college football because other coaches in major college football keep finding big success borrowing plays he has devised, including A&M OC Jake Spavital this season.
This year, the Orediggers (10-1) rank No. 2 in the nation in passing offense (376 ypg), No. 3 in total offense at 523 yards per game and have converted on more fourth downs than anyone in D-II (29), while making good on over 67 percent of their attempts.
Mines plays No. 9 Ohio Dominican in the opening round of the NCAA Division II Playoffs Saturday.
Bruce Feldman is a senior college football reporter and columnist for FOXSports.com and FOX Sports 1. He is also a New York Times Bestselling author. His new book, The QB: The Making of Modern Quarterbacks, came out in October, 2014. Follow him on Twitter @BruceFeldmanCFB.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
Perhaps, this gentleman is biting a door handle. Or perhaps, he is eating a door handle made of chocolate.
In Japan, "sokkuri sweets" ("sokkuri" or そっくり means "looks like") are deserts and confectionaries that look like other things. Traditionally, they look like other food—for example, here are some cakes that look exactly like ramen noodles.
On a recent Japanese television program, members of boy band Tokio and other celebrities were shown a room filled with several things that were actually sokkuri sweets—made from chocolate or sugar or whatnot.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
The guests had to bite the items that they thought were, in fact, sugary treats.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
So is this a shoe or is it sweets?
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
It's a shoe.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
Is this a picture frame or sweets?
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
A picture frames.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
A glass table or a sweet table?
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
"Crunch." Sweets!
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
Several kilograms of candy were used to make the "glass," which apparently tastes delicious.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
And the table legs?
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
Chocolate!
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
But what about the calendar?
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
It's made of calendar.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
And the hanger? Surely, that's a chocolate hanger.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
Nope! Just a hanger.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
This might look like a plant, but it's sokkuri sweets!
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
The white shoes were shoes, but what about the brown shoes?
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Chocolate shoes! The entire shoes are chocolate—even the laces and the stitching.
Advertisement
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
And this hat?
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
A chocolate hat! But, what about the door handle?
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Sweets!
元日はTOKIO×嵐[NTV]
To contact the author of this post, write to bashcraftATkotaku.com or find him on Twitter @Brian_Ashcraft.
Advertisement
A car crash ignited a fire Monday in a remote Inland Empire canyon, and the blaze quickly spread, triggering evacuation warnings.
By about 11:50 p.m., the fire was 10% contained as 5,000 acres burned in the dry hills between Beaumont and San Jacinto, about 80 miles east of Los Angeles, according to the Riverside County Fire Department.
The blaze, dubbed the Manzanita fire, was reported about 3 p.m. after the accident near Lamb Canyon ignited brush. Two people were taken to the hospital with unknown injuries, officials said.
Update: Wind-driven wildfire burning near Riverside County communities now beyond 5,000 acres >>
By 3:30 p.m., flames had burned 80 acres on both sides of Highway 79, which cuts through the hills and connects Beaumont and Gilman Hot Springs, an area famous for its sprawling Church of Scientology compound.
Fire officials shut down Highway 79 for hours before reopening the southbound lanes and one of the northbound lanes late Monday night. More than 350 firefighters from various agencies are at the scene.
As the blaze spread at a “critical rate,” officials issued an evacuation warning for communities east of the blaze, including Poppet Flats, Silent Valley and Highland Home Road east to Highway 243. A voluntary evacuation was also issued for Death Valley Road, Longhorn Road and Shirleon Drive.
But several communities in Riverside and San Bernardino counties appear to have mistakenly received alerts notifying them about fire evacuations. A Cal Fire spokeswoman said the cause of the mistaken alert was under investigation.
“Error in notification system. No evacuation orders,” the Riverside County Fire Department said on Twitter.
The city of Riverside also issued a notice to residents: “Some cellphone users are receiving emergency evacuation alerts. This evacuation alert is not for the City of Riverside.”
Meanwhile, firefighters from the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection were battling a 900-acre blaze east of Santa Margarita, in San Luis Obispo County.
At least one structure, a mobile home, was destroyed by the blaze, fire officials told KCOY-TV Channel 12. The news station reported that several animals died in the charred home.
Evacuations were issued for the area of Huer Huero Road to Highway 58, and a shelter for evacuees was set up at Santa Margarita Elementary School, according to Cal Fire.
This story will be updated as more information becomes available.
matt.hamilton@latimes.com
Twitter: @MattHjourno
ALSO
South Pasadena man charged with murdering his 5-year-old son was about to flee, officials say
Suspect in California bank robberies, 'AK-47 Bandit,' believed under arrest in Nebraska
L.A. now has a new tallest building. How it will fit into the fabric of the city is still open to debate
UPDATES:
12:15 a.m., June 27: This article was updated to reflect a growth in the fire.
11:20 p.m.: This article was updated with details on a burned mobile home in the Hill fire.
10:50 p.m.: This article was updated with additional details on the size and growth of the fires.
This article was originally published at 7:50 p.m.
The inevitable has happened - the secret Australian blacklist of banned websites has been published on the internet.
The list contains some 2,395 sites about half of which do not contain child sexual abuse images. It includes online poker sites, fetish, satanic and Christian sites, Wikipedia pages, gay and straight pornography, a travel operator and even the website for a Queensland dentist.
The Australian government is trialling technology to filter the internet for all its citizens. The list would have been sent to all ISPs in the country - at which point it would definitely have leaked. It is just surprising it has happened so quickly.
University of Sydney associate technology professor Bjorn Landfeldt told the Sydney Morning Herald the leak was every parent's worst nightmare because curious children would now be looking for the list. But he told the paper, which has seen the document, "It seems to me as if just about anything can potentially get on the list."
The list has gone to Wikileaks which told the Herald it would publish the list shortly - it already hosts lists for several other countries. At the time of writing Wikileaks is unavailable, presumably because it is struggling with requests from mucky-minded intellectually curious Aussies.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange told the Herald that such secret censorship was inevitably corrupt. Thailand implemented a similar system apparently in order to counter child abuse images, but the list included over a thousand sites critical of the Thai royal family. ®
Cheapair.com Bitcoin Sales Soar 74% Over the Last 6 Months
Online travel website Cheapair.com announced on Thursday that its bitcoin sales have jumped 74 percent year-on-year over the last six months.
Also read: The Many Ways You Can Book Your Travels Using Bitcoin
74% More Sales Paid with Bitcoin
Headquartered in Calabasas, CA, Cheapair.com offers affordable airline tickets by scouring the web for the lowest prices using its proprietary algorithm. The travel website also offers hotel and car rental deals. Since its inception in 1989, the site reported having sold approximately 3 million airline tickets.
According to Cheapair.com CEO Jeff Klee, customers have been buying airfare using bitcoin at a record rate for the company. He attributed the rise in sales to the rise in bitcoin's price and the speculation in the market that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) may approve the first Bitcoin ETF.
“The volatility of the currency has affected sales in the past in both directions, as sales have dipped when bitcoin prices dropped, and spiked as prices increased”, he noted. Klee further revealed that:
We've seen a 74% year over year increase in bitcoin sales over the last 6 months.
The Journey to $15 Million in Bitcoin Payments
Cheapair.com started accepting bitcoin payments for air tickets in November 2013, when bitcoin's price was around the $200-300 range. By February 2014, it began accepting the digital currency for hotel reservations. “Thanks to Coinbase's convenient and simple to use two-click payment process, accepting bitcoin has connected Cheapair.com with thousands of new travelers who live and breathe the digital currency”, the company announced at the time.
Since then, the company claims to have processed more than $15 million in bitcoin payments for flights and hotels.
“Accepting bitcoin has been great for us,” Klee said and noted in the announcement that:
Many Bitcoin customers purchase higher end products than the typical customer, including business and first class air fares.
Meanwhile, rival online travel site Expedia uses Coinbase to only accept bitcoin payments for hotel bookings, while startup BTCTrip which calls itself “the travel agency for the cryptocurrency community” accepts bitcoin for flights and hotels through Bitpay.
Why do you think bitcoiners are using Cheapair.com more nowadays? Let us know in the comments section below.
Images courtesy of Shutterstock, Coinbase and Cheapair.com
Bitcoin.com is a unique online destination in the bitcoin universe. Buying bitcoin? Do it here . Want to speak your mind to other bitcoin users? Our forum is always open and censorship-free. Like to gamble? We even have a casino
Firefox 57 is shaping up to be one of the browser's biggest and most important releases in its history.
Projects, technologies and changes like Quantum Flow, Quantum Compositor, Stylo, Photon, WebRender, and WebExtensions sees almost every inch of the browser benefit from a refit or refresh.
We've already seen previews of the Firefox's new look on Linux, and heard about how fast it can start up with 1691 tabs open!
There's an excellent article over on Cnet that distills the background and context against which all of these big changes are taking place.
But beyond big leaps in performance, better resource management, a new Microsoft Edge-inspired UI, and a slate of other changes, it seems that Firefox 57 may have a new logo.
New Firefox Logo Coming Soon?
A recent photo tweet from a Mozilla developer, spotted by avid-Firefox watcher Sören Hentzsche, has a coy document open on screen, teasingly titled “Firefox Updated Icon”:
Firefox Logo Update
While the tweet doesn't actually show a new icon, and the document could easily be an old one, I'm not discounting it.
‘It makes sense for Firefox to revamp its brand alongside the browser'
It's not a major stretch to assume that Mozilla might wish to mark the ‘relaunch' of its browser in Firefox 57 with an updated Firefox logo. If anything it makes sense for Mozilla to revamp the Firefox brand alongside the Firefox browser itself.
But before I, you, or anyone else gets too excited by word of a possible change I should point out that that Mozilla has made various Firefox logo updates over the years. These updates also make subtle changes rather than introduce dramatic overhauls:
But for a potential tease of what a new Firefox logo might look like we can turn to Firefox Nightly. Recent builds of Firefox Nightly display a new icon in the ‘About' dialog.
If this new icon is any indication as to the direction of the new regular browser icon, we may see a flatter design with more flourish than previous revamps:
You'll need to use your imagination (for now) to picture the logo above dressed using Firefox's traditional orange color palette.
But a flatter, more dynamic Firefox logo would marry beautifully with the flatter, more dynamic Firefox we're about to get.
Images: Sören Hentzsche
On Tuesday night, a third-year student at the University of Virginia named Martese Johnson was reportedly thrown to the ground by local law enforcement and bloodied in public on the main social drag of campus—all apparently because he tried to use a fake ID.
Martese Johnson is black. All reports are alleging that he did not resist the officers' use of force in any way, and the officers continued to brutalize him while onlookers pleaded with them to stop. A graphic photo taken at the scene is now circulating widely on the internet.
Advertisement
As of now, there has been no formal response from UVA administration. [Edited to note the Cavalier Daily has since reported a fourth-year college student stating that UVA President Teresa Sullivan has "put in a request to Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe to open a state investigation."]
The above picture was included in an email sent to the UVA community by a group of concerned black students, which also details the alleged incident:
This morning Martese Johnson emerged with a head injury requiring 10 stitches. He was brutalized by Virginia ABC law enforcement outside of Trinity Irish Pub. His face was bloodied. His body was bruised. Outside of the doors of Trinity Irish Pub, a mass of University students bore witness to the officer's animalistic, insensitive, and brute handling of Martese. He was left with his blood splattered on the pavement of University Avenue. Today, we are reminded of the gruesome reality that we are not immune to injustice; as University students, we are not impervious to the brutality that has reeled on news cycles around the country. We have marched and shouted that we are Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown, but the proximity of this morning's brutality to a member of our community has deepened that wound. It is no longer happening only on national television—it is a reality here and now at the University of Virginia that we must face as a collective. After Martese was denied entry to the bar, he found himself suddenly flung to the ground. The brutish force used resulted in his head and bodily injuries. His treatment was unprovoked as he did not resist questioning or arrest. In confusion, with blood painting his face and creating a pool on the bricks of the corner, he yelled out for mercy. Though he lay bleeding and crying out, officers continued to hold him to the pavement, pinning him down, twisting his arm, with knees to his back until he was handcuffed. As students pleaded with officers to lift Martese from the ground they were pushed away, and some were even handcuffed and threatened with possible arrest if they did not leave the scene. We demand there be a swift and thorough investigation on the state, local, and University levels. We have seen what happens at the University when we allow problems we have long known exist to be handled quietly, so we will not be quiet. We demand noise from each other, noise from professors, noise from administrators. Martese, like any other student at this university, like any other person in this country and in this world, deserves more than our uproar: he deserves follow through and intentional action. Look forward to a follow-up email regarding further plans and actions. Sincerely, Concerned Black Students
According to the Cavalier Daily, Johnson was "arrested on charges of resisting arrest, obstructing justice without threats of force, and profane swearing or intoxication in public" and held in jail overnight.
Advertisement
Martese Johnson is a highly involved student at the University of Virginia: an Italian and Media Studies major who plans on going into business, a member of the Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity (a historically black frat), a leadership development chair in the Black Student Association; he was also a leader in the major student governing body (the Honor Committee). Sources tell me he was also an IMP: a member of a prestigious semi-secret society, one of three major secret societies on grounds.
A march is being organized in Charlottesville for 8 p.m. tonight, from the main landmark on campus—the Rotunda—to the police department downtown. No incidents of prejudicial violence on this scale have occurred at the University of Virginia in recent memory, although the racial climate in Charlottesville is what you might expect from a relatively conservative institution founded by Thomas Jefferson. Graduate student Maya Hislop told me, "Black students on grounds are highly familiar with this kind of abuse (denied access to places, checking IDs of black students and not checking IDs of white students), but I do not know that it has ever been this violent."
Advertisement
She added, "We knew that increased police presence for the protection of women would have a negative impact on black students. It sucks that we had to be proven right this way."
[Post was updated to add the details about Johnson's arrest and Sullivan's response as reported by the Cavalier Daily, as well as the second photo of Johnson. Wording in the first paragraph was also changed to clarify that the officers involved in this altercation were ABC officers and not CPD.]
Frazer Harrison/Getty Images
Hurricane Irma is expected to reach Florida by the morning of September 10, and the storm — which devastated several islands as it made its way through the Caribbean this week — has prompted one of the largest evacuations in the history of the United States.
Like millions of others turning their attention to the Sunshine State, Josh Gad has been worried sick about the members of his family who reside in southern Florida, but he's relieved now that his parents, siblings, and niece and nephew are safe — and he's got his Frozen co-star Kristen Bell to thank for that.
Gad — who grew up in Hollywood, Florida, a city just north of Miami — gushed about Bell's thoughtfulness and shared a selfie of her with his parents, along with an explanation as to how the Gads wound up hunkering down with the actress in the first place.
"When they were stranded in Florida, she got them a hotel room at her hotel in Orlando and saved them, my brothers, my sister-in-law and niece and nephew," he writes via Instagram. "They don't make them like this girl. Thank you Kristin. You are truly an angel sent from above." Bell was more than happy to help.
Bell is as prepared as she can be for Irma (if her own photos serve as any indication), so cheers to her for doing her part in any way she could to take care of the loved ones of a loved one.
Pluto's atmosphere, backlit by the sun in this image taken by NASA's New Horizons spacecraft, contains a very high level of nitrogen despite constantly leaking it out into space.
Something mysterious is happening on the surface of Pluto: No matter how much nitrogen the atmosphere releases into space, it's still chock-full of the stuff. New work examines the possible culprits for the stealthy nitrogen resupply, hinting at active geologic activity inside the dwarf planet.
Pluto's atmosphere has 10,000 times lower pressure than Earth's at the surface, and hundreds of tons of nitrogen are escaping every hour. Nevertheless, the atmosphere remains 98 percent nitrogen. Researchers are investigating potential sources of the nitrogen: whether it's riding in on comets, flying from impact craters or — what they think is most likely — a geological process pulling nitrogen up and out of Pluto's interior.
"More nitrogen has to come from somewhere to resupply both the nitrogen ice that is moving around Pluto's surface in seasonal cycles and the nitrogen that is escaping off the top of the atmosphere as the result of heating by ultraviolet light from the sun," Kelsi Singer, a postdoctoral researcher at the Southwest Research Institute, said in a statement. Singer is an expert on impact craters, and she is working with Alan Stern, New Horizons' principal investigator, to pin down the atmospheric nitrogen's source. [Mysterious Ice Plains Spotted on Pluto (Video)]
New Horizons' images suggest flowing ices on the northern edge of Pluto's heart-shaped Sputnik Planum. (Image: © NASA/JHUAP/SwRI)
The gas probably isn't replenished by extra nitrogen on comets — that wouldn't bring in enough to replace the amount lost to space. And although comet impact craters could excavate some nitrogen just under the dwarf planet's surface, that wouldn't add enough either, unless there's an extremely deep layer of nitrogen ice right there (and there isn't currently any evidence for that).
The remaining option, and the one the duo suggested in their paper, published this month in The Astrophysical Journal Letters, is that activity within the dwarf planet is drawing internal nitrogen upward to be released.
"Our pre-flyby prediction, made when we submitted the paper, is that it's most likely that Pluto is actively resupplying nitrogen from its interior to its surface, possibly meaning the presence of ongoing geysers or cryovolcanism [ice volcanoes]," Stern said in the statement. Other features also support this process: New Horizons' new flyby observations reveal landforms suggestive of heat rising from the surface.
"We currently have only a tiny fraction of the data back from the New Horizons flyby, but the fact that there are young-looking areas on Pluto hints at relatively recent geological activity," Singer wrote in a NASA blog post.
Stay tuned, she said: The New Horizons spacecraft is sending back more and more detailed information collected in its July flyby, and over the coming months, researchers will learn a great deal more about the dwarf planet's inner life and atmosphere.
Email Sarah Lewin at slewin@space.com or follow her @SarahExplains. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
Japan's Strangest Kit Kat Flavors
We've touched on some of the more exotic Japanese Kit Kat flavors in past posts, but with over 80 flavors created to date (and more varieties hitting store shelves every year), the taste combinations that Japanese candymakers come up with are becoming increasingly bizarre.
Quick, guess what the most popular flavor of Kit Kat is in Japan right now. Go on, take a wild guess.
Did you guess original? Strawberry? Green tea? Believe it or not, the top-selling variety of Kit Kat in Japan is soy sauce [pictured above]. But what may be even harder to believe is that soy sauce isn't even close the the most unusual flavor available in Japan today.
At the moment, just 19 varieties are currently available in Japan. Here just a quick run down of some of the flavors (past and present), arranged by category:
Sweet: Berry wine, golden peach, custard pudding
Savory: Grilled corn, miso, sweet potato, jacket baked potato with butter
Beverage-inspired: Ramune soda, Earl Grey tea, caramel macchiato McFlurry
Weird: Camembert cheese, pounded soybean paste, lemon vinegar
So what's the secret to the success of the Kit Kat brand in Japan? It turns out that the answer is part marketing and part linguistic coincidence. Kit Kat is very similar to the phrase “kitto katsu”, which is a common sentiment of good luck (the phrase literally means “You shall surely win!”). Because of this, Kit Kats have become a small good luck charm given out to students taking school entrance exams.
The other half of the Kit Kat success story has to do with marketing. Capitalizing on the Japanese tendency to “Catch 'em all”, varieties of Kit Kats are quickly introduced and then pulled from the market to increase demand. In addition, certain varieties of Kit Kats are based on regional tastes, and are not always available nationwide.
For example, in the far north of the country, flavors currently offered include yubari melon and the previously mentioned grilled corn. Meanwhile, candy lovers visiting the southernmost tip of the Japanese islands can find limited edition flavors such as red potato and yuzu citrus.
Sources: 1 2 3
Share this: Facebook
Google
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
An Italian couple was stuck together in ocean after a dreamy romp as the man couldn't extricate himself from the woman due to suction.
They were later detached in a hospital, the mirror.co.uk said citing the Italian media.
The Italians took advantage of a warm day and deserted beach in Italy's Marche region by frolicking naked in the sea. And things soon became x-rated as they embraced in a passionate clinch.
But what was undoubtedly a dreamy experience soon became something of a nightmare when they realised they were unable to pull away from one another.
Italian newspaper Il Mattino reported that the man was "unable to extricate himself from the woman due to suction".
Help arrived in the form of a passerby who handed them a towel as they maneuvered to the beach - still "as one" - to protect their modesty.
They were taken to hospital and a doctor freed them by administering an injection to dilate the woman's uterus, the report said.
Close
Most scientists have rejected the existence of Sasquatch, also known as Bigfoot, but some researchers are still continuing their search for the mythical creature.
Bigfoot has been described by many people as a large ape-like creature, which is covered in brown or dark-reddish hair. Purported eyewitnesses suggest that the creature resembles a gorilla, stands around 10-feet tall and has big eyes. However, many scientists take the theory of Bigfoot to be a hoax and attribute it to misidentification and possibly a human within a gorilla suit rather than a living animal.
Researchers Rob Parker of Snohomish and John Ray of Marysville still believe in the existence of Bigfoot and they have been hunting for the creature in the forests of Snohomish County for many years. Unfortunately, they do not have enough evidence to convince the scientific community regarding the existence of the Sasquatch.
A recent study regarding the examination of hair samples, of what was thought to be of the Bigfoot, suggests that all the samples belong to known animal species. The study was published in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B.
"Despite the wide range of age and condition of the submitted hair shafts, which ranged from fresh to museum specimens more than 50 years old, the majority yielded mitochondrial 12S RNA sequences which allowed species identification with 100% sequence identity," per the study.
Parker is 60 years now and is an ex-policeman and compliance officer for the state Department of Labor & Industries. Ray, who is 49 years of age, works as a procurement agent for an airplane company. Both the researchers are aware that most people and scientists do not believe in the Bigfoot, but they are still committed to finding some evidence related to the existence of Bigfoot.
They both drive their jeeps in the forests of Snohomish County in anticipation of finding the beast one day. The researchers also take the help of the latest technology such as dash cams and thermal imaging cameras to find the Bigfoot.
Only a small number of people claim to have seen the Bigfoot and Parker is one of them. The researcher says that he saw the beast in 1969 at Mount Si, where it appeared that the Bigfoot was fishing. The creature did not seem happy to come across Parker and roared loud, which was very terrifying.
Similarly, Ray also recounts that he came across Bigfoot in 2008 while camping. However, on both the occasions the creature was swift enough to vanish in the forest.
The researchers say that many sightings of the Bigfoot have been reported from the Mountain Loop and Snohomish County and they expect to find evidence of the creature from these areas.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Original article published on the italian Blog il panda verde
Today we talk about Deja Dup, the tool I used to make a backup of files before the upgrade of my Lubuntu at release 11.04 (most probably this arrives a little late, but the program is worth a blog post) . It is indeed a great software to create backups (so that it's part of the standard packages in Fedora 13 and if everything goes in the right way it will also be added to Ubuntu 11.10), but the reason for the post is not just that, a large plus of Deja DUP is its extreme ease of use, it takes a couple of clicks to configure it and save our precious documents, even “in the cloud”.
Opening the program, we are faced with only two choices: to make or restore a backup (it's hard to go wrong).
If we choose the first alternative, we just have to decide where to save our files, among the possible options there are Amazon's S3 cloud services, and Rackspace, a Windows share, FTP, SSH, WebDAV, in addition to the more traditional internal and external hard drives and it's also possible to choose which folders we want to include and which to exclude from the backup.
The restore operation is simple, the only information required is the location of the backup to be restored.
For the most demanding user in the preferences tab of Deja Dup you can also set the schedule periodic for the backups and decide how long these will remain available (usually it's selected forever).
How to install it on Ubuntu and other debian based Distribution ?
sudo apt-get install deja-dup sudo apt-get install deja-dup
I Add as a note, in my opinion very interesting, that Deja Dup also includes the option to encrypt all backups.
For what i know this useful application will be included by default in Ubuntu 11.10, and so probably will spread among many the Linux users of this Distribution.
Popular Posts:
None Found
We look at the economic and geopolitical implications of a British exit from the European Union.
Following the Conservatives' win in the UK elections, Britain is now preparing itself for a referendum on the UK's European Union membership in 2017; a British exit from the EU is now a real possibility.
What would happen in a referendum is hard to predict, but the next two years spell uncertainty. Businesses will be operating and trading with Europe, without knowing whether they will still be part of that Union in the near future.
Prime Minister Cameron wants to start renegotiating some of the terms of the UK's membership on issues like migration within the EU, stopping the payment of benefits to new migrants, and the repatriation of some laws, from Brussels back to the UK parliament in Westminster.
The economic consequences could be significant. As many as four million jobs in the UK depend on EU trade, and eight million jobs in the EU could be at risk from the reduced trade, which is troubling considering the unemployment rate in the block is at 12 percent.
For now Britain's partners are willing to offer some concessions, and want the UK to remain part of the EU, but this relationship has always been a strained one.
We speak to Roger Bootle, economist, Daily Telegraph columnist and author of The Trouble with Europe about a Brexit and what this could mean for the UK and the EU.
The return to a fight for the open skies
In the ongoing battle between American and Gulf airlines, Gulf carriers take their battle over accusations of unfair subsidies and competition to the US.
The American airlines say that Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad would be nowhere without the $42bn in subsidies they have allegedly received from their governments.
The Gulf carriers deny they have been subsidised, but US lawmakers are now pushing for the government to freeze agreements that allow Gulf air carriers access to US skies.
Research filed with the US Congress also shows that US airlines have received $155bn in subsidies dating back to 1918.
Counting the Cost talks to Qatar Airways CEO Akbar al-Baker, whose airline alone has been accused of receiving $16bn in state subsidies.
For more watch The fight for the open skies
Source: Al Jazeera
Funimation Entertainment announced via press release on Wednesday that it has acquired the North American rights to Mamoru Hosoda's The Girl Who Leapt Through Time ( Toki wo Kakeru Shōjo ) anime film. Funimation will release the film in a "special home video edition" later this year to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the film's theatrical release in Japan.
Funimation briefly listed the title on its online store last month, before removing it. At the time, Funimation stated that the listing was an error and that it did not have the rights to the film.
Funimation describes the film:
After waking up late, flunking her pop quiz, embarrassing herself on numerous occasions, and starting a fire in her home economics class, high school student Makoto Konno figures she's just having one of those days. And just when she thinks she's made it through, the brakes on her bike malfunction putting her on a collision course with a speeding train. The life-ending accident would have been the perfect end to the worst day ever, but the strangest thing happens—she leaps backwards in time. After unlocking her new ability, Makoto does what any teenager would do. She re-takes tests, corrects embarrassing situations, and sleeps in as late as she wants, never thinking that her carefree time travelling could have a negative effect on the people she cares about. By the time she realizes the damage she's done, she only has a few leaps left to make things right.
Hosoda and Madhouse Studios' award-winning The Girl Who Leapt Through Time film opened in Japan in 2006. Bandai Entertainment released the film on Blu-ray Disc and DVD in North America before closing its North American distribution in 2012.
The film is based on Yasutaka Tsutsui's 1967 original novel. The book has also been adapted into multiple live-action works.
Funimation has licensed Hosoda's The Boy and the Beast film and plans to release it in theaters nationwide starting on March 4. Funimation also released Hosoda's Wolf Children and Summer Wars films in North America.
Source: PR Newswire
All day, every day 🍗🍗🍗 A post shared by Jollibee (@jollibee) on Jul 5, 2017 at 12:00am PDT
Jollibee has been listed as one of the best fast food places to visit in the United States if you're craving for fried chicken.
Foodbeast's Constantine Spyrou cited the Filipino fast food restaurant in his list, which was published last week.
Saying that Jollibee keeps its recipe simple, Spyrou explained: "What makes it stand out beyond the rest, however, is a gravy packed with flavors of onion and celery that is absolutely ethereal."
He added that no other restaurant will be able to replicate the gravy's "unique savory notes," before ranking Jollibee in third.
The only other fast food joints to finish above Jollibee were Chick-fil-A and Popeye's. KFC was in 10th.
Foodbeast is a food website with more than 4 million followers on Facebook. Spyrou is a regular contributor for Foodbeast who has written an article about the US's major food trends this year.
Jollibee opened its first US store in Daly City, California in 1988. It has since grown into a globally recognized brand, which boasts 1,000 branches.
In 2013, its Chicken Joy was voted as the best fried chicken in Singapore.
The Palestinians are poor. They are powerless. They have no voice or influence in the halls of power. They are demonized. They do not have well-heeled lobbyists doling out campaign contributions and pushing through pro-Palestinian legislation. No presidential candidate is appealing to donors—as Hillary Clinton did when she sent a letter to media mogul Haim Saban denouncing critics of Israel—by promising to advance the interests of the Palestinian people. Palestinians, like poor people of color in the United States, are expendable.
Justice for Palestine will never come from the traditional governmental institutions or political parties that administer power. These institutions have surrendered to moneyed interests. Justice will come only from us. And the sole mechanism left to ensure justice for Palestine is the boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) movement against Israel. Sanctions brought down the apartheid regime of South Africa. And they are what will bring down the apartheid regime of Israel. BDS is nonviolent. It appeals to conscience. And it works.
All Israeli products including Jaffa citrus fruits, Ahava cosmetics, SodaStream drink machines, Eden Springs bottled water and Israeli wine must be boycotted. We must refuse to do business with Israeli service companies. And we must boycott corporations that do business with Israel, including Caterpillar, HP and Hyundai. We must put pressure on institutions, from churches to universities, to divest from Israeli companies and corporations that have contracts with Israel. The struggle against apartheid in South Africa was long and hard. This struggle will be too.
Gaza, a year after Israel carried out a devastating bombing campaign that lasted almost two months, is in ruins. Most of the water is unsafe to drink. There are power outages for up to 12 hours a day. Forty percent of the 1.8 million inhabitants are unemployed, including 67 percent of the youths—the highest youth unemployment rate in the world. Of the 17,000 homes destroyed by Israel in the siege, not one has been rebuilt. Sixty thousand people remain homeless. Only a quarter of the promised $3.5 billion in aid from international donors has been delivered—much of it diverted to the Palestinian Authority, the Israeli puppet regime that governs the West Bank. And no one in Washington—Republican or Democrat—will defy the Israel lobby. No one will call for justice or stay the Israeli killing machine. U.S. senators, including Bernie Sanders, at the height of the Israeli bombardment last summer voted unanimously to defend the Israeli slaughter of a people with no army, navy, air force, mechanized units, artillery or command and control. It was a vote worthy of the old Soviet Union. Every senator held out his or her tin cup to the Israel lobby and chose naked self-interest over justice.
Israel, like the United States, is poisoned by the psychosis of permanent war. It too is governed by a corrupt oligarchic elite for whom war has become a lucrative business. It too has deluded itself into carrying out war crimes and then playing the role of the victim. Israeli systems of education and the press—again mirrored in the United States—have indoctrinated Israelis into believing that they have a right to kill anyone whom the state condemns as a terrorist. And Israel's most courageous human rights campaigners, intellectuals and journalists are slandered and censored in their own country, just as American critics such as Norman Finkelstein, Max Blumenthal and Noam Chomsky are in the United States.
Those who become addicted to the wielding of the instruments of war, blinded by hubris and a lust for power, eventually become war's victims. This is as true for Israel as for the United States.
Israel's goal is to make life a living hell for all Palestinians, ethnically cleansing as many as it can and subduing those who remain. The peace process is a sham. It has led to Israel's seizure of more than half the land on the West Bank, including the aquifers, and the herding of Palestinians into squalid, ringed ghettos or Bantustans while turning Palestinian land and homes over to Jewish settlers. Israel is expanding settlements, especially in East Jerusalem. Racial laws, once championed by the right-wing demagogue Meir Kahane, openly discriminate against Israeli Arabs and Palestinians. Ilan Pappe calls the decades-long assault against the Palestinian people “incremental genocide.” In Gaza, Israel practices an even more extreme form of cruelty. It employs a mathematical formula to limit outside food deliveries to Gaza to keep the caloric levels of the 1.8 million Palestinians just above starvation. This has left 80 percent of the Palestinians in Gaza dependent on Islamic charities and outside aid to survive. And the periodic military assaults on Gaza, euphemistically called “mowing the lawn,” are carried out every few years to ensure that the Palestinians remain broken, terrified and destitute. There have been three Israeli attacks on Gaza since 2008. Each is more violent and indiscriminate than the last. Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman has said that a fourth attack on Gaza is “inevitable.”
During its 51-day siege of Gaza last summer Israel dropped $370 million in ordinance on concrete hovels and refugee camps that hold the most densely packed population on the planet. Two thousand one hundred four Palestinians were killed. Sixty-nine percent—1,462—were civilians. Four hundred ninety-five were children. Ten thousand were injured. (During the attack six Israeli civilians and 66 soldiers were killed.) Four hundred Palestinian businesses were wiped out. Seventy mosques were destroyed and 130 were damaged. Twenty-four medical facilities were bombed, and 16 ambulances were struck, as was Gaza's only electrical power plant. Israel tallied it up: 390,000 tank shells, 34,000 artillery shells, 4.8 million bullets. Most of the civilians who died were killed in their homes, many of the victims torn to shreds by flechette darts sprayed from tanks. Children were burned with white phosphorous or buried with their families under rubble caused by 2,000-pound iron fragmentation bombs. Others died from dense inert metal explosive, or DIME, bombs—experimental weapons that send out extremely small, carcinogenic particles that cut through both soft tissue and bone. The Israel Defense Forces, as Amira Hass has reported, consider any Palestinian over the age of 12 to be a legitimate military target. Max Blumenthal's new book, “The 51 Day War,” is a chilling chronicle of savage atrocities carried out by Israel in Gaza last summer. As horrible as the apartheid state in South Africa was, that nation never used its air force and heavy artillery to bomb and shell black townships.
A report by Action on Armed Violence (AOAV) found Israel killed and injured more civilians with explosive weapons in 2014 than any other country in the world. Hamas' indiscriminate firing of wildly inaccurate missiles—Finkelstein correctly called them “enhanced fireworks”—into Israel was, as a U.N. report recently charged, a war crime, although the report failed to note that under international law Hamas had a right to use force to defend itself from attack.
The disparity of firepower in the 2014 conflict was vast: Israel dropped 20,000 tons of explosives on Gaza while Hamas used 20 to 40 tons of explosives to retaliate. Israel's wholesale slaughter of civilians is on a scale equaled only by Islamic State and Boko Haram. Yet Israel, in our world of double standards, is exempted from condemnation in Washington and provided with weapons and billions in U.S. foreign aid to perpetuate the killing. This is not surprising. The United States uses indiscriminate deadly force in Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen and Somalia that outdoes even Israel, leaving behind civilian victims, refugees and destroyed cities and villages in huge numbers.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who during his last election campaign received 90 percent of his money from U.S. oligarchs such as Sheldon Adelson, has internally mounted a campaign of state repression against human rights advocates, journalists and dissidents. He has stoked overt racism toward Palestinians and Arabs and the African migrant workers who live in the slums of Tel Aviv. “Death to Arabs” is a popular chant at Israeli soccer matches. Thugs from right-wing youth groups such as Im Tirtzu routinely beat up dissidents, Palestinians, Israeli Arabs and African immigrants in the streets of Tel Aviv. It is a species of Jewish fascism.
Israel is not an anomaly. It is a window into the dystopian, militarized world that is being prepared for all of us, a world with vast disparities of income and draconian systems of internal security. There will be no freedom for Palestine, or for those locked in our own internal colonies and terrorized by indiscriminate police violence, until we destroy corporate capitalism and the neoliberal ideology that sustains it. There will be no justice for Michael Brown until there is justice for Mohammed Abu Khdeir. The fight for the Palestinians is our fight. If the Palestinians are not liberated none of us will be liberated. We cannot pick and choose which of the oppressed are convenient or inconvenient to defend. We will stand with all of the oppressed or none of the oppressed. And when we stand with the oppressed we will be treated like the oppressed.
For the past 11 years, we've asked Zymurgy readers to share a list of their 20 favorite beers that are commercially available in the United States. We tallied the votes, and here are the results for the 2013 Best Beers in America survey.
Top-Ranked Beers
For 2013, we have a five-peat! Russian River's Pliny the Elder, a double IPA, claimed the top spot for the fifth straight year. Finishing second for the fourth straight year was Bell's Two Hearted Ale, an IPA. (T indicates tie)
1. Russian River Pliny the Elder 2. Bell's Two Hearted Ale 3. Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPA 4. Bell's Hopslam Ale 5. Ballast Point Sculpin IPA 6. Founders Breakfast Stout 7. Arrogant Bastard Ale 8. Sierra Nevada Ruthless Rye IPA T9. Lagunitas Sucks T9. Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale T9. Stone Ruination IPA T12. North Coast Old Rasputin T12. Sierra Nevada Torpedo Extra IPA T12. Stone Enjoy By IPA 15. Sierra Nevada Pale Ale 16. The Alchemist Heady Topper T17. Firestone Walker Double Jack T17. Founders Kentucky Breakfast Stout 19. Oskar Blues Dale's Pale Ale 20. Firestone Walker Wookey Jack T21. Bear Republic Racer 5 IPA T21. Three Floyds Zombie Dust T23. Firestone Walker Union Jack T23. Lagunitas Little Sumpin' Sumpin' 25. Goose Island Bourbon County Stout 26. Surly Furious T27. Deschutes Black Butte Porter T27. Green Flash West Coast IPA T27. Troegs Nugget Nectar 30. Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA 31. Russian River Consecration T32. Boulevard Tank 7 Farmhouse Ale T32. New Belgium La Folie T32. Russian River Supplication 35. Avery the Maharaja 36. Lagunitas IPA 37. Stone IPA 38. Odell IPA T39. Great Lakes Edmund Fitzgerald T39. Left Hand Milk Stout T39. Russian River Pliny the Younger T42. Odell Myrcenary T42. Russian River Blind Pig I.P.A. T42. Stone Sublimely Self-Righteous 45. Firestone Walker Parabola T46. Ommegang Hennepin Saison Ale T46. Left Hand Milk Stout Nitro T48. Ommegang Three Philosophers T48. Deschutes the Abyss T48. Green Flash Palate Wrecker T48. Lagunitas Brown Shugga'
Brewery Rankings
Brewery rankings are based on total votes received by each brewery's beers. This year's top brewery is Stone Brewing Co. in Escondido, Calif. Stone placed five beers in the top 50, including its Arrogant Bastard Ale. Best Beer in America producer Russian River Brewing Company finished second.
1. Stone Brewing Co., Escondido, Calif. 2. Russian River Brewing Company, Santa Rosa, Calif. 3. Sierra Nevada Brewing Company, Chico, Calif. 4. Dogfish Head Craft Brewery, Milton, Del. 5. Bell's Brewery, Kalamazoo, Mich. 6. Firestone Walker Brewing Company, Paso Robles, Calif. 7. Founders Brewing Company, Grand Rapids, Mich. 8. Lagunitas Brewing Company, Petaluma, Calif. 9. New Belgium Brewing Company, Fort Collins, Colo. 10. Deschutes Brewery, Bend, Ore. 11. Odell Brewing Company, Fort Collins, Colo. 12. Three Floyds Brewing Company, Munster, Ind. 13. Avery Brewing Company, Boulder, Colo. 14. Oskar Blues Brewery, Longmont, Colo. 15. Green Flash Brewing Company, San Diego, Calif. 16. The Boston Beer Company, Boston, Mass. 17. Boulevard Brewing Company, Kansas City, Mo. 18. Goose Island Beer Company, Chicago, Ill. 19. New Glarus Brewing Company, New Glarus, Wis. T20. Great Divide Brewing Company, Denver, Colo. T20. Ballast Point Brewing Company, San Diego, Calif. 22. Troegs Brewing Co., Hershey, Pa. 23. Great Lakes Brewing Company, Cleveland, Ohio 24. Victory Brewing Company, Downington, Pa. 25. Brewery Ommegang, Cooperstown, N.Y.
Best Portfolio
We also tabulate which breweries had the most brands represented in the results. The brewers at Boston Beer have been busy lately, with a whopping 40 of their beers receiving votes in the poll.
1. The Boston Beer Company (Samuel Adams) (40 beers) 2. Dogfish Head Craft Brewery (38 beers) 3. Avery Brewing Company (35 beers) 4. Cigar City Brewing (30 beers) 5. Sierra Nevada Brewing Company (29 beers) 6. Bell's Brewery (28 beers) 7. New Belgium Brewing (27 beers) T8. Stone Brewing Co. (26 beers) T8. Goose Island Beer Company (26 beers) 9. Boulevard Brewing Company (25 beers) 10. Deschutes Brewery (24 beers) T11. Founders Brewing Company (23 beers) T11. New Glarus Brewing Company (23 beers) T11. The Bruery (23 beers) T11. The Saint Louis Brewery (23 beers) T15. Rogue Ales (21 beers) T15. Lagunitas Brewing Company (21 beers) T15. Odell Brewing Company (21 beers) T15. Great Divide Brewing Company (21 beers) T19. Firestone Walker Brewing Company (20 beers) T19. Three Floyds Brewing Company (20 beers) T19. Manayunk Brewing Company (19 beers) 22. Papago Brewing Company (19 beers) T23. Great Lakes Brewing Company (18 beers) T23. Southern Tier Brewing Company (18 beers) T23. Victory Brewing Company (18 beers) T23. Russian River Brewing Company (18 beerse)
Top Imports
As in years past, there was a decidedly all-American bent to this year's voting. Of the top 50 beers in the poll, none were produced by a foreign brewery. Orval claimed the number one spot among imports.
T1. Orval (Belgium) T1. Saison Dupont (Belgium) 3. Guinness Draught (Ireland) T4. Rodenbach Grand Cru (Belgium) T4. Unibroue La Fin du Monde (Canada) 6. St. Bernardust Abt 12 (Belgium) 7. Duchesse De Bourgogne (Belgium) T8. Samuel Smith's Oatmeal Stout (England) T8. Chimay Grande Reserve/Blue Label (Belgium) T10. Duvel (Belgium) T10. Cantillon Gueuze (Belgium)
VANCOUVER—The U.S. government has come to the financial rescue of a Kandahar school that was a hallmark of Canada's long and bloody effort to bring peace and basic rights to the Taliban heartland. The Afghan-Canadian Community Centre, which has educated thousands of Afghan girls and women, is now changing its name, erasing recognition of Canada from what was once an enduring symbol of its support for Afghans.
In this file photo, girls arrive at the school that was funded in part by the Canadian government in Kandahar city. ( Steve Rennie / THE CANADIAN PRESS ) Hundreds of Afghan girls and woman take English and other classes at centre in Kandahar, pictured in this file photo, despite frequent insurgent attacks on students, schools and teachers. ( Paul Watson / Toronto Star )
The Canadian International Development Agency's decision to cut off funding to the school, forcing founder and principal Ehsan Ehsanullah to scramble for new backing after almost six years of support from Canada. It's another blow to Canada's legacy in Afghanistan, a year after Prime Minister ordered combat troops, civilian aid workers and diplomats out of Kandahar province, where Taliban support runs deep. Ehsan, who has braved countless Taliban threats to keep his school open, said Kandaharis still appreciate what Canadians did “with every possible professionalism and respect to the people and the local culture here.”
Article Continued Below
“However, Canada left Kandahar when there was still a dire need for their assistance, humanitarian assistance, I would stress,” Ehsan said. “Many wishes here that Canada continue their humanitarian assistance so that the heavy sacrifices and investment Canada once made in Kandahar, and the region, are fully honoured and rewarded . . . and so that Canada's friends are not let down, and that the international coalition built against evil remains intact until Afghanistan is stable and peaceful.” More than $500,000 in CIDA funds have paid around 89 per cent of the school's budget since 2008, but the agency told Ehsan that it didn't want the community centre to be dependent on Canadian aid, he said. An administrative hitch held up the final weeks' of Canadian funding, which left the school fraying at the edges as it waited for American support to start, Ehsan said. “We had not been paid for two months before the U.S. funding arrived,” he said. “When we face such a situation, the women's program becomes very badly affected. We lose drivers, staff and even discipline in the centre. Damaged computers pile up, buses and generators stop. We lose trust among our clients.” The school, which is now called the Kandahar Institute of Modern Studies, has received the first instalment of a U.S. State Department grant expected to total more than $150,000 over the next year.
The money will go to the school's most popular, afternoon program, which has around 1,600 female and male students, Ehsan said. Another 200 women and girls attend morning classes, which began earlier this year. Ehsan has moved the Afghan-Canadian Community Center's name to that much smaller program.
Article Continued Below
CIDA spokesman Clement Belanger did not respond to a request for comment despite an emailed assurance Wednesday that: “We are doing our best to respond to your media request asap.” Mounting pressures on several fronts, including the constant struggle for funding, Afghan authorities' displeasure with “foreign names” on local institutions and extremists' intimidation, forced him to drop the reference to Canada, he said. “My school was even raided by thugs several times,” Ehsan said. “Once I was even torturously interrogated for something that had nothing to do with me. And that was when I asked Canada for asylum, which they rejected.” Ehsan's once strong bond to Canada dates back to 2006, when he was almost broke and on the brink of closing a much smaller school for women and girls. Ottawa residents Ryan Aldred and Andrea Caverly read a Toronto Star report on its desperate financial problems and sent money to keep classes open. They then formed the Canadian International Learning Foundation, which helped Ehsan open the post-secondary school in a rambling old Kandahar City house. In the years since, what started with a quick decision to make a modest donation, has grown to a charity supporting education in Afghanistan, Uganda and Yemen, with plans to expand into First Nations communities in Canada and abroad. Aldred said CIDA support was crucial to making the Kandahar community centre a respected school where thousands of Afghans have learned computer, literacy, business and other skills. They translated into good jobs and incomes for many families in a war zone where chronic unemployment and poverty help feed support for the Taliban and their insurgent allies. CIDA recognized the school's “potential and helped to transform it into the modern institution it is today,” Aldred said. “However, I think that the government of Canada is missing its chance to ensure that the ACCC is part of Canada's lasting legacy in Kandahar province.” For months, Aldred tried to persuade former International Development Minister Bev Oda to continue support for the school and appealed to several Members of Parliament to bolster his argument, but failed. “We were informed the government of Canada had ended economic development aid to Afghanistan,” Aldred said. “Apparently, post-secondary skills training is considered to be economic development rather than education. CIDA's definition of education is focused more on primary school and basic skills, such as literacy.” Aldred's charity is working to raise up to $225,000 to cover the centre's core operating expenses for three years, after the initial one-year American grant is spent. He hopes Ottawa will get involved again in the effort to build a permanent home for Ehsan's school. “For well less than a million dollars in funding, we have been able to provide vital professional training to several thousand students and ensure a source of income for close to 10,000 Kandahar residents. “It's worth investing a modest amount of money in a permanent building and for additional scholarships for women in Kandahar to ensure that the centre continues to thrive and grow over the years to come.”
Read more about:
An interesting little point following on from the CEBR report into the size of national economies. Of course, as we would expect, reports from different countries about the same report note and detail different facets of said report. So we've a report out of SE Asia that looks at the way in which India is set, within the decade, to become the largest economy in the Commonwealth and the third largest overall. This is being seen as a sign of success, of their doing something right. Which is true in a trivial manner: but the greater truth is that this is a sign of the failure of previous policies.
Here's that report from Malaysia:
The latest edition of Cebr Global's World Economic League Table (WELT) will see the “unstoppable” rise of India as it surpasses Britain to become the largest economy in the Commonwealth in 2018 and the third largest economy in the world by 2024, according to a new global league table reported by the Press Association.
In more detail, the predictions are:
Its 2014 ranking puts the US first, followed by China, Japan, Germany, the UK, France, Brazil, Italy, India and Russia, in that order. By 2030, it forecasts that globalization will have reached its mature phase, with China installed as the world's biggest economy ahead of the US and India in third place, followed by Japan, Brazil, the UK, Germany, South Korea, France and Russia.
And the digest of the report itself says:
The rise of India looks unstoppable. India overtakes the UK in 2018 to become the largest economy in the Commonwealth and the rise continues – by 2024 India is the world's third largest economy
This is all good stuff, of course it is. It's just wonderful that places that are currently poor are becoming richer. And yes, at least part of it all is that better public and economic policies are being followed in those formerly poor nations, the very things and policies that are making them richer.
However, we also need to consider some other points. For example, it's not the economic output of a certain group of people within certain arbitrary lines upon the map that really matters. It's how many people there are and what standard of living they each have that is. And if we look at countries by population, by GDP and by GDP per capita, we find very different answers.
If all countries were doing equally well in providing a lifestyle for their citizenry then we would expect the world's largest economies to be those with the largest populations. And this isn't quite so: it's only just now that China, with four or five times the population, has passed the US as the largest economy. And India is still well behind, despite a similarly larger population. Meaning that the US is doing four or five times better than China in providing a living standard to its people than China is: and obviously yet again better than India.
So, yes, obviously it's good that these poor countries are getting richer. But it's not an unalloyed joy: because when we look on a per capita basis then we can see how far they've still got to go. And of course that means that while current policies must be better than those that went before, it also means that past policies were really pretty bad.
Fundraising page to buy Wisbech boy, 13, a replacement Suzuki bike after attack and robbery reaches £811 in two days
The JustGiving page has raised £811 - 34 per cent over its original target. Archant
A JustGiving page to buy a 13-year-old Wisbech boy a replacement off-road bike after he was attacked and robbed of it at the weekend has raised more than £800 - beating the original target of £601 in just two days.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
A 13 year old victim was injured and a Suzuki off road bike (as pictured) was stolen. It is believed two males were involved. A 13 year old victim was injured and a Suzuki off road bike (as pictured) was stolen. It is believed two males were involved.
Daniel Sobey-Harker set up the page yesterday after he read that the victim, who had saved for eight months to buy a £600 Suzuki, was kicked, punched, ran over and robbed – just three days after buying the bike.
Having donated £21 to the campaign, he said: “As a motorcyclist myself I know the joys of going for a ride and while it can be dangerous, the only risks he should face are ones faced on a trail.
“Ideally I would like to raise enough so that he can replace the bike and continue his interest in motorcross.
“While I cannot contribute much I hope this will take the sting out of the incident a little.”
The article was shared around on a number of motorbike enthusiast pages on Facebook added the 28-year-old, who is a community manager at a London-based start-up food company called Central Dish.
“It's a terrible thing that's happened, but there are quite a few people I've messaged who are happy to donate.
So far £276 has been raised – 45 per cent of the £601 target.
One person who donated £20 said: “Really upsetting story - hope the lad makes a full recovery and we can get him a new bike.”
Another who gave £10 said: “I hope that you like your new bike! All the best in life.”
Click here to donate.
The attack happened near the Thomas Clarkson Academy (TCA) on Corporation Road at 4.45pm on Sunday (22).
Detectives are hunting the assailants, thought to be two men aged between 20 and 25.
The mother said her son had saved pocket money to buy the off road bike. She said he went out of the house and pushed the bike around Railway Road, Queens Road and Weasenham Lane before the attack happened.
She said when they were near the TCA two men started to walk towards her son.
When her son was found on the pavement “he was still conscious but panicking, crying, screaming and bleeding from the mouth”, she added.
He was treated at hospital but allowed home: his mother said he would return to school later in the week.
A police spokesman said: “If you were in that area at approximately 16:45hrs on Sunday January 22, or have seen a bike matching that description please call 101 in confidence and quote CF0037860117, or call crime stoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
Police end dramatic car chase by blocking the Safa intersection in Dubai.
DUBAI // A row about dogs escalated into a gunfight and high-speed car chase, a court heard.
Emiratis MS, 30, and KJ, 28, were fighting when the younger man broke off and retrieved a gun from his car, prosecutors said.
“He shot at MS twice but missed him, then he drove away in his car fearing for his life,” said a mutual friend who witnessed the fight, which took place in Al Baraha on December 13 last year.
The older man then got into his car and started chasing the gunman at speed, repeatedly bumping into his car and even hitting a taxi.
Shortly after midnight the younger man drove up to a police patrol and asked for help.
Officers blocked off the Safa junction to stop the car chase and both men were arrested and charged with assault, while the older man was also charged with endangering life.
Police said the original fight involved dogs but court records did not elaborate.
Neither man was present at the Misdemeanours Court this week and the case was adjourned until August 18.
salamir@thenational.ae
Energy will never cease to be a concern for human beings, so long as our species plans to keep growing and expanding. There's no shortage of scientists and engineers trying to come up with solutions that might help us avoid a catastrophic energy shortage. Some of these ideas seem pretty feasible, such as switching to renewables like wind and solar. Some are incredibly farfetched and probably impossible, like cold fusion. And then there are some ideas which are downright bonkers — but if true, could essentially change everything we know and love about human civilization.
Zero-point energy, also known as ground state energy, could be the greatest gift the quantum world can ever give us. It's a byproduct of the fact that subatomic particles don't really behave like single particles, but like waves constantly flitting between different energy states. This means even the seemingly empty vacuum of space is actually a roiling sea of virtual particles fluctuating in and out of existence, and all those fluctuations require energy.
If there's as much energy in those fluctuations as some — though definitely not all — physicists believe, and if we could ever learn how to tap into this phenomenon, we would gain access to an unparalleled source of energy. Zero-point energy could power the planet with the strength of multiple suns, making it easy for us to solve Earth's energy problems forever or to travel beyond the solar system and take our place among the stars.
However, we can only guess how much energy is actually contained in the vacuum, with legendary physicists in fierce disagreement on this point. Richard Feynman and John Wheeler calculated the zero-point radiation of the vacuum was so powerful that even a small cup of it would be enough to set all of Earth's oceans to a boil. But Albert Einstein's theory of general relativity suggests zero-point radiation would “gravitate” — spreading out throughout the universe and be mitigated to a weak power.
Simply put, we don't know enough about the universe to figure out whether zero-point energy — vacuum energy — really is a bombastic fountain of staggering power.
Let's hypothesize vacuum energy is real, and it's spectacular, and we could maybe one day learn how to tap into it for energy. What would this look like, and what could we do with it?
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
Perhaps the clearest application would be super-fast spaceflight — the kind that could take you across the solar system in mere hours or minutes. NASA scientists have looked into developing batteries and engines which could theoretically produce a gargantuan amount of energy by harnessing a zero-point energy system based on a notion in quantum mechanics called the Casimir effect. This effect is small, but if there's a way to observe and intervene with these very small-scale forces, they could work as a potential source of energy for allowing spacecraft to move through space.
There have been many different groups that pitched different ideas, but perhaps the most reasonable findings have come out of NASA's Eagleworks Laboratories, which claims to have successfully tested a Quantum Vacuum Plasma Thruster. This “Q-thruster”, as outlined by a study that passed peer-review last year, takes advantage of the Casimir effect to create propulsion. In such a device, thrust is created using particles pushing off a vacuum. Nevertheless, it's not quite clear whether this could work in a real, applicable setting — nor can the paper's authors dismiss concerns about experimental errors. Many more trials and rounds of validation would be needed to really illustrate that a Q-thruster is viable.
It's a bit strange to think that centuries after the idea of an “ether” permeating through the world was debunked, physics has come around to say that perhaps there is a universal energy stuck in the empty space all over. It would be a mighty grand thing to find ourselves grasping at that vacuum for an unheralded amount of energy.
But that's all pretty far away from humanity's reach for now. For the foreseeable future, it's probably best to continue banking on solar and wind as acceptable sources of energy, no?
At Allred, she was immediately targeted because she had been at Telford, she said, but she was older and unwilling “to lay down and accept these things happening to me.”
So she embarked on what became her unrelenting quest to be placed in “safekeeping,” which is what Texas calls separate housing units for vulnerable inmates. She sought safekeeping not only because of recurrent sexual harassment, coercion and threats of violence, but also because of retaliation for reporting these incidents — from staff members as well as inmates, she said.
At Allred, when she told a prison official she feared for her life after refusing sexual demands, the official told her she would be fine because she is black, she claims in her lawsuit. Over the years, she came to believe the system's protection program was racially discriminatory.
A racial breakdown of the inmates in safekeeping, provided by Texas, indicates she may have had a point. Of the 1,569 inmates with that status now, 57 percent are white, while whites constitute 30 percent of the inmate population. Twenty-three percent in safekeeping are black, compared with 35 percent over all, and 19 percent are Hispanic, compared with 33 percent.
In March 2007, Ms. Star was assigned to a cell with a gang member who instantly started demanding sexual favors. She informed a guard and asked for help, she said. Two days later, the cellmate raped her at knife point. After she reported the attack, he threw a fan at her head. It was the “worst moment of my life,” she said, making her feel “utterly powerless,” briefly suicidal and extremely fearful “it would happen to me again and again.”
Ms. Star said she did not know what happened to her cellmate after she went to the infirmary to be treated; under the standards, victims are supposed to be kept apprised.
A national panel, established after the rape law to examine institutions with the best and worst records, visited Allred and could find no indication that any sexual abuse claims had been substantiated. It noted that a significant number of claims had been filed by gay inmates — “whom staff members referred to as queens.”
UPDATE: N.J. girl in Arizona Uzi accident not 9-year-old competitive shooter, father says
An Arizona firearms instructor was accidentally killed while showing a 9-year-old New Jersey girl how to use a fully automatic Uzi, according to NBC Philadelphia.
Charles Vacca, 39, of Lake Havasu City, Ariz., died Monday, a short time after being airlifted to a hospital in Las Vegas, authorities said.
Vacca was standing beside the girl, whose name was not released, at the Last Stop outdoor shooting range when she pulled the trigger of the Uzi. The recoil sent the gun over her head and the round hit the instructor.
The girl reportedly was at the White Hills range, called "Bullets and Burgers," with her parents.
Mohave County Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Trish Carter told the Las Vegas Review-Journal the family was vacationing from New Jersey, but there was no mention of their home town.
Eight people were killed in a series of "execution style" shootings in rural Ohio on Friday morning. The shooter may still be on the loose, according to the Pike County Sheriff Charles Reader.
Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine said that seven adults and one juveniles were killed. Their bodies were found at four separate locations on a single road in Pike County.
Among those killed was a mother, who was in bed with her four-day-old baby. The infant was not injured. The victims were believed to have been in bed at the time of the shootings.
"Each one appeared to have been executed, shot in the head," DeWine said.
Officials believe that one family, the Rhoden family, was being targeted by the suspect or suspects. Law enforcement said it was contacting other members of the Rhoden family to check on their wellbeing.
DeWine said the shooter may still be loose on Friday afternoon. "We believe [the assailant] is probably loose somewhere," he said.
"What makes this particularly grisly, you have 3 children who were there when the executions took place,"DeWine added.
Officials are warning residents that a potential suspect would be armed and dangerous. DeWine added that none of the eight killed were believed to have committed suicide.
He also said several children were found alive at one of the scenes and were removed by law enforcement.
Three different crime scenes were being investigated in the area surrounding a home near Peebles, according to the Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation, where seven bodies were found. A fourth crime scene was opened when an eighth body was discovered on Friday afternoon.
DeWine said 30 Ohio BCI officials are assisting local officials in the investigation.
Reader said that deputies were dispatched at 7:53 a.m. to one of the scenes. As deputies reached the first crime scene, law enforcement were informed of two other crime scenes.
The various crime scenes were scattered along a single road and included a barn and a pole barn, according to aerial helicopter views of the sprawling scene.
The Ohio Attorney General's office said they were working to figure out if the shooter was among the dead or on the loose. Investigators at the scenes did not appear to be actively pursuing a suspect.
Ohio Governor and Republican presidential candidate John Kasich tweeted about the incident on Friday morning.
Reports we are receiving from Peebles are tragic beyond comprehension. -John 1/2 https://t.co/ez69UUXVdM — John Kasich (@JohnKasich) April 22, 2016
A nearby high school and elementary school were put on alert as a precautionary measure. The schools weren't allowing anyone in or out but classes continued.
Peebles is located about 75 miles east of Cincinnati.
A convicted murderer who was denied parole is on the run after being released from prison unmonitored and failing to show up at the house where he was supposed to be staying.
Phillip John Smith, 40, was imprisoned in 1996 for stabbing to death the father of a young boy he molested.
He was temporarily released from Springhill Prison near Huntly on Thursday. Police say he was intending to stay with an associate in Waterview in Auckland, but never arrived.
Corrections say Smith has undertaken "a number" of successful temporary releases already this year "as part of a planned pathway to his reintegration".
Linda, the sister of the man Smith is convicted of murdering, says police phoned her around 4pm today to tell her Smith was missing.
"My first thought was well surely you've got a tracking bracelet on, and he said no.
"I've had it. I would have thought he would have to have checked in with someone over the weekend, but no he didn't have to turn up until this morning.
"It's just unacceptable, it really is."
Linda says police have not given her any advice, and her "nightmare seems to be continuing".
"I don't know what I'm supposed to do now.
"I've lived under the radar for years because of him. I've already changed my town and I don't want to be his bloody victim.
"I've been telling the Parole Board for years that he's dangerous. He's clever and manipulative and they know that and yet they let him out not even monitored.
"It's not just my family, it's other children out there. How do we know they're safe? How do we know what he's going to do?
"I just want to know what they're going to do to find him. I want him found."
Police say it's possible Smith may make his way to Manawatu or Wellington, but is regarded as dangerous and should not be approached.
Correction says a review of the circumstances of Smith's release will be undertaken.
Daveed Diggs, Okieriete Onaodowan, Anthony Ramos and Lin-Manuel Miranda in "Hamilton."
“Hamilton,” the hottest ticket in town, is biting the bullet about a cold reality.
It may be racist.
More pointedly, the Broadway blockbuster's audition practices may be.
Ironically, a show that celebrates the diversity of America's roots, could also be discriminatory.
“The language on the ‘Hamilton' audition call, located on the show's website, is inconsistent with Equity's policy,” spokeswoman Maria Somma.
“In fact,” she added, “if you look at our website, the casting calls all contain following language: Performers of all ethnic and racial backgrounds are encouraged to attend.”
In other words, as outlined, the audition call discriminates against Caucasians.
The audition call is also ageist.
Equity guidelines further note job applicants are considered “without discrimination on the basis of sex, race, color, creed, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression or political persuasion or belief.”
Which means that the “20s to 30s” clause could be another violation.
Robert Alexander/Getty Images An audition call for "non-whites" at "Hamilton" is raising eyebrows and hackles.
A comment from the Human Rights Commission about the legality of the audition posting is forthcoming.
Created by Lin-Manuel Miranda, who plays the title role, “Hamilton” uses nontraditional casting to tell the story of the American Revolution and statesman Alexander Hamilton.
No principal roles — Hamilton, George Washington, Aaron Burr, Thomas Jefferson or James Madison — are played by white actors. The show's conceit makes a potent point about immigrants' roles in the nation's origin story.
In a CBS2 News story that aired Tuesday, “Hamilton” producer said he would “stand by” the notice.
But a spokesman for “Hamilton” told the Daily News on Wednesday that the casting notice is being looked at and reconsidered. “Most certainly it is,” said the show rep.
As it should be.
Earlier this month, Backstage.com posted a no-whites-allowed audition call for “Hamilton.”
In a March 4 story in the Daily News, a “Hamilton” spokesman blamed Backstage.com, describing that posting as an error.
“History is happening,” “Hamilton” states exuberantly in song. And history repeats itself.
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
Krita 2.9: First Beta Released!
Published 12/14/2014
Last week, the first preparations for the next Krita release started with the creation of the first Krita 2.9 beta release: Krita 2.9 Beta 1. This means that we've stopped adding new features to the codebase, and are now focusing on making Krita 2.9 as stable as possible.
We've come a long way since March, when we released Krita 2.8! Thanks to the enthusiastic support of many, many users, here and on kickstarter, Krita 2.9 has a huge set of cool new features, improvements and refinements.
Here's a short list to wet your appetite — a full intro to all new features will be presented when we present the final 2.9 release. That's expected to happen in January, by the way.
Interface: Krita can now open more than one image in a singe window, and the same image in more than one window. You can choose between sub windows and tabs in the preferences. You can now organize the favorite presets in the pop-up palette using tags. You can also increase the amount of brushes available in the pop-up palette at a time in preferences. You can select more than one layer at a time and delete, move or drag and drop them in the layer docker. New options for the cursor, including one to show a dot at the center of the brush outline. The thumbnails for resources like brushes, gradients or patterns are resizable by using ctrl+scrollwheel over them. Editing gradients have been improved. You can now choose between giving the first layer a default color and giving the image a non-transparent background. You can create palette files inside Krita. The compositions docker stores the collapsed state, you can update compositions and control which compositions you export. A new type of gradients: selection-shape based gradients was added.
Layers, Selections and Masks A new mask type was added: non-destructive transformation masks. Many new ways to convert between layers and masks. The rendering of vector graphics at various image resolution settings was fixed. It's now possible to edit the alpha channel separately. You can split a layer into several layers, one for each color on the layer, which is useful together with G'Mic's recolorize[comics] feature for coloring artwork. You can isolate a layer by using the shortcut alt-select. You can edit selections directly as if it were a black and white image.
Brushes and painting: The anti-aliasing quality of thin lines has been improved greatly. The smudge brush was improved. The Flow option has finally been separated from opacity. Steps in the undo history can now be merged. The brush preset system was extended to make it possible to keep changes to a certain preset during a session, instead of resetting to the original preset on every brush preset switch. You can lock the size of the brush when switching between paint and erase mode, or have a separate size for each mode. New painting assistants for working with vanishing points and rulers. the line tool will use all sensors now! Rotation, speed, tilt, etc. There's a sticky key available for accessing the straight line tool from the freehand brush (V). a delayed-stroke based stabilizer option was added for stroke smoothing the weighted smoothing and stabilizer have a ‘delay' option now, which allows you to create a dead area around your cursor for extra sharp corners.
a scalable distance option was added to the weighted stroke smoothing, so now the weight is relative to the zoom.
The transform tool has been enormously extended: Perspective transformation was added Liquify transformation was added Cage transformation was added (and is super-fast, too) Selecting multiple nodes in the cage and warp tools is now possible. You can resize, rotate and move a whole section at once.
Color selectors: A new color selector with accurate sliders, for every color model, was added HSY' and HSI color models are supported in both the new slider docker, the MyPaint shade selector, and the advanced color selector. You can even customise the weights for the HSY' calculation. All color selectors are now color managed, and also work when you paint in HDR mode. You can paint in HDR mode now, with the LUT docker and OCIO. There are sticky keys for gamma and exposure with HDR painting.
Filters: The G'Mic plugin (controls filters) was updated to the latest version of G'Mic. On-canvas and miniature preview was added. A posterize filter was added. Index-colors filter was added, which is very useful in the HD-pixel art painting technique.
Files: Some improvements to the PSD import/export filter: resource blocks are round-tripped, all but four PSD blending modes are now supported, Krita can now load some CS6 PSD files, PSD layer groups are loaded, support for 16 bit multi-layer files is improved, Krita vector layers are saved (as raster layers) to PSD. The OpenEXR filter can now load and save single-channel grayscale EXR files, and was fixed for loading images with very small alpha values, and images with zero alpha but non-zero color values Support for raw Saving 16 bit grayscale images to tiff, jpeg and ppm now works support for r16 and r8 heightmap files were added
Missing in 2.9 are Photoshop layer styles and PSD layer masks: we're working hard on those, but they aren't done yet. All the scaffolding is done, and most of the drop shadow effect, except the integration, is in the rendering process… We're working to have them ready by the end of January. The animation tool has been disabled for refactoring. In Beta 1, Sketch and Gemini have been disabled.
Downloads
There are still 234 bugs at the moment, some of which might cause dataloss, so users are recommended to use the beta builds for testing, not for critical work!
For Linux users, Krita Lime will be updated on Monday. Remember that launchpad is very strict about the versions of Ubuntu it supports. So the update is only available for 14.04 and up.
OpenSUSE users can use the new OBS repositories created by Leinir:
Windows users can choose between an installer and the zip file. You can unzip the zip file anywhere and start Krita by executing bin/krita.exe. The Surface Pro 3 tablet offset issue has been fixed! We only have 64 bits Windows builds at the moment, we're working on fixing a problem with the 32 bits build.
OSX users can open the dmg and copy krita.app where they want. Note that OSX still is not supported. There are OSX-specific bugs and some features are missing.
The atmosphere of religious conflict in the region has created a hot market for jihad fatwas by religious institutions. Previously, a number of fatwas had been issued by several Sunni clergymen authorizing the act of traveling to Syria for the purpose of participating in jihad against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad. Presently, in response to the intensification of religious conflict in Syria, a fatwa has been issued by a clergyman from Qom, Iran that implicitly authorizes and legitimizes travel to Syria to take part in jihad against Salafist groups.
This fatwa has been published on the official Facebook page of Ayatollah Seyed Kazem Haeri in the form of a response to a request for permission to travel to Syria for the purpose of defending the burial site of Zainab, the daughter of the third Shiite Imam, without parental permission. Haeri found this action permissible and stated that parental permission for such matters is unnecessary. Previously, Ayatollah Seyed Mohammad Sadegh Rouhani, a prominent clergyman from the Qom seminary, had also legitimized jihad in Syria for the purpose of protecting Shiite holy sites. He labeled individuals killed for this deed as martyrs. These fatwas have led to the opening of official registration sites in Iran for the purpose of traveling to participate in jihad in Syria.
The publication of this fatwa has triggered instense opposition and displeasure among the high-ranking ayatollahs in the Qom and Najaf seminaries. These officials have found the fatwa to be based on illegitimate and unacceptable views. Asharq Alawsat reported on Ayatollah Ali Sistani's view on forbidding travel to Syria for jihad and quoted from the four most prominent marjas (sources of emulation) in Najaf, saying, “Individuals who go to Syria for jihad are disobeying the commands of religious authorities.”
In an interview with Al-Monitor, Seyed Javad Al-Khoei, one of the instructors of the Najaf seminary, confirmed the legitimacy of the news published in Asharq Alawsat. He added that the Najaf seminary has always prohibited the interference of religious matters in political conflicts and none of the prominent Najaf clergymen agree with the involvement of Shiites in the religious conflict in Syria.
Similarly, no fatwa has been issued by prominent marjas of the Qom seminary regarding this issue as of yet. Rouhani and Haeri are considered second-degree marjas and possess less credibility and popularity than other religious leaders. The most significant point is that despite the fact that these two individuals belong to a school of thought supporting political Islam, they each hold a different position regarding the politics and structure of the Islamic Republic. Rouhani is a reputable revolutionary cleric in Iran who was subject to sequestration and house arrest after the victory of the revolution. His arrest was due to his dissimilar views from those of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini and a number of other leaders of the revolution, and specifically because of his disagreement with the selection of Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri as the successor to Khomeini. As a result of his contact with forces associated with Hezbollah, Rouhani has once again become politically active regarding the region's religious conflicts.
Haeri is also considered a revolutionary cleric and an advocate of the concept of Velayat-e Faqih (guardianship of the jurisprudence) and the Islamic Republic. Haeri has maintained good relations with the Islamic Republic and is considered a fervent defender of Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, as he considers Khamenei's views above all other religious authorities.
During an interview with Al-Monitor, an instructor at the Qom seminary characterized the fatwas in support of jihad in Syria as a minority view, and considers them against the views of the reputable religious marjas of Qom. He added that these fatwas are not based on strong religious grounds and more so formed by an incorrect understanding of current regional events.
In his response to a question about Haeri's relationship with the Iranian regime, he referred to Haeri as the chosen face of the Islamic Republic in Iraq, who is used to promote the radical views of the Islamic Republic among the Shiites in the country. Furthermore, the instructor mentioned numerous meetings that have taken place between Haeri and Qais Al-Khazali, the spiritual leader of Asa'ib Ahl al-Haq, a radical movement in Iraq.
He added that, after Muqtada al-Sadr distanced himself from the Islamic Republic, his relationship with Haeri also weakened. As a result, Haeri reclaimed all of his religious and political mandates granted to Sadr.
Even in Iraq, Haeri possesses an undesirable image and a weak standing among the population due to his reputation for radical and violent fatwas. Previously, Haeri published a book entitled Dalil Al Mujahid, which contained fatwas regarding matters of warfare, especially pertaining to irregular and guerilla warfare. A large portion of these fatwas, such as killing prisoners of war or innocent individuals if necessary, are against international human rights conventions and have been considered crimes of war.
An increasing number of war fatwas in support of jihad — from Sunnis and Shiites — have resulted in an increased number of casualties in the region. Such an environment has created a challenge for moderate groups, making it difficult for them to overcome the religious conflict. However, the decision by religious authorities to criticize such fatwas and declare them as erroneous will facilitate the creation of a peaceful and nonviolent environment.
Ali Mamouri is a researcher and writer who specializes in religion. He is a former teacher in Iranian universities and seminaries in Iran and Iraq. He has published several articles related to religious affairs in the two countries and societal transformations and sectarianism in the Middle East.
Google is running a deal on its music streaming service and storage locker Google Play Music. Typically, the site offers up a 90-day free trial when you sign up, but it's now giving new subscribers an extra month of free time.
The service allows users to scan up to 50,000 songs from their music library, and listen to custom radio stations on their computer or mobile device. Users who use the free tier have to contend with ads, but subscribers who pay $9.99 (or $14.99 for a family account) can avoid ads, listen to over 35 million songs, download music to listen offline, and get access to YouTube Red.
Google has offered similar deals in the past, and Android Police notes that it's not clear how long the deal will remain active. At the very least, it's an opportunity to check out the service if you've never tried it, and you can always cancel your subscription when your four months are up.
The brush fire that was sparked after a helicopter crashed near Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport on Saturday, Apr. 16. (photo — Anne Arundel County Fire Department)
This post has been updated with new details about the crash.
A helicopter crashed near Baltimore-Washington International Marshall Airport on Saturday, sparking a brush fire that temporarily delayed Amtrak and MARC commuter rail service but had no impact on airport operations, officials said.
The crash happened just before 1 p.m. according to Whitney Kidd, a BWI spokeswoman.
Lt. Ariel Jackson, spokesman for the Anne Arundel County Fire Department said the three people aboard the Bell 206 Jet Ranger helicopter were taken to area hospitals with non-life threatening injuries. The helicopter had been doing survey work for Baltimore Gas and Electric when it crashed. Cause of the crash is currently under investigation by Maryland State Police and the National Transportation Safety Board.
The Maryland Transit Administration via Twitter said that the crash is causing service delays. Amtrak service also has been halted between Washington, D.C. and Baltimore.
MARC Train service between Wash & Balt will experience delays of an undetermined amount of time due to a helicopter crash near BWI Airport. — MTA Maryland (@mtamaryland) April 16, 2016
Officials said they had no estimate for when service would return to normal.
Jackson said crews, including those from BWI's fire and rescue department, are struggling to put out the blaze because the helicopter went down in an area near the train tracks that is difficult for large pieces of fire equipment to reach. He estimated that five to six acres already have burned.
It took HTC a while to get here, but it finally has a phone with a nearly bezel-free front. The U11+ has an 18:9 6.0-inch Super LCD6 of 1440x2880px resolution with Gorilla Glass 5 and no physical buttons on the front (the fingerprint scanner moved to the rear).
On the back there's a 12MP UltraPixel 3 OIS camera with an f/1.7 aperture, 1.4µm pixels, UltraSpeed autofocus, and a dual-LED flash. It can do 1080p video capture at 120fps, and 4K recording with Hi-Res audio.
The front camera has 8 MP resolution, 85-degree field-of-view, f/2.0 aperture, and 1080p video recording. The U11+ is housed in an IP68-certified body, which allows it to go under up to 1.5m of freshwater for up to 30 minutes.
HTC U11+
That body is among the prettier around - the back carries the design language of the U11 with a glossy "Liquid Surface" back. You get a choice of Ceramic Black, Amazing Silver and Translucent - the standout among the three.
On the inside the HTC U11+ has a Snapdragon 835 chip, with either 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage or 6/128GB, depending on region. In all cases you get a microSD card slot too. Also depending on where you buy it from, you may or may not receive a dual-SIM model.
HTC U11+ in Translucent Black
All of this is powered by an impressive 3,930mAh battery with support for Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0. The U11+ runs Android 8.0 Oreo with HTC Sense on top. The Edge Sense functionality that lets you squeeze the phone to launch features is baked in too.
The device measures 158.5 x 74.9 x 8.5 mm and weighs 188g. It supports Cat.15 LTE, with maximum peak download speeds of 800Mbps (and 150Mbps uploads). It does not have a 3.5mm headphone jack, but you were probably expecting that. On the other hand, Bluetooth 5.0 is built-in, along with Wi-Fi 802.11ac, NFC, GPS, and GLONASS.
Pricing will be 799 in Europe. The U11+ will be sold in "select markets around the world", but not North America.
ADVERTISEMENT
On prescription drug savings, the agency said the discounts most benefited people with chronic conditions.
"Drugs managing chronic conditions such as high blood sugar, high blood pressure and high cholesterol accounted for almost 33 percent of savings and may have helped patients avoid hospitalization," officials wrote. A memo added that "people with Medicare who must continuously take medications are benefitting most from the help provided by the Affordable Care Act."
The Health and Human Services Department projected that savings per Medicare beneficiary will average $5,000 through 2022, with some chronically ill patients saving more than three times that amount.
This year, the healthcare law mandates savings of 52.5 percent on brand-name drugs and 21 percent on generics. Last year, Medicare beneficiaries in the "doughnut hole" saved 50 percent on covered brand-name prescriptions and 14 percent on generics.
Congratulations rolled in from far-right leaders in Germany, France, Italy and the Netherlands on Monday following the triumph of Austria's Freedom Party (FPÖ) in Sunday's presidential poll.
Official preliminary results showed Norbert Hofer of the FPÖ (pictured above) with 36.4 percent of the vote, while Alexander Van der Bellen from the Greens came in second with 20.4 percent. The two will enter a run-off on May 22.
It was the Freedom Party's best ever result at a federal level. Candidates from the centrist parties, which have dominated Austrian politics since the end of World War II, failed to even make it through to the second round.
Geert Wilders and Marine Le Pen are celebrating the FPÖ's triumph
Praise for allies
The Alternative for Germany (AfD) party leader Frauke Petry welcomed the "terrific outcome," and in a tweet suggested Austria's vote could be "a foretaste of positive change in Europe."
Marine Le Pen of France's Front National called it a "magnificent result. Bravo to the Austrian people." She told broadcaster France 2 it showed people were starting to realize the European Union was failing to foster economic growth and curb immigration.
"There is clearly a growing awareness among people in Europe that the EU is an anti-democratic structure that subjugates people," Le Pen said.
Dutch far-right MP Geert Wilders said the FPÖ's performance was "fantastic." Matteo Salvini, the leader of Italy's far-right Northern League movement expressed his "great joy," saying the FPÖ was "calling for controlled migration, more jobs and a different Europe - like us they want rules, order, jobs and tranquility."
The migrant crisis was a key part of the Freedom Party's election campaign
Dramatic shift
If Hofer is ultimately elected president, it would be the first time since 1945 that Austria won't have a head of state backed by either Chancellor Werner Faymann's center-left Social Democrats or his conservative coalition partners the People's Party. Reacting on Sunday night, Faymann said the vote tally sent a "clear warning to the government that we have to work together more strongly."
The FPÖ campaigned on an anti-Europe platform and sought to capitalize on unease over migration and the faltering economy - factors that have seen support for the main parties slide in recent years.
The role of president in Austria is largely - but not always - ceremonial. The president is head of state, swears in the chancellor, has the authority to dismiss the Cabinet and is the military's commander in chief.
Hofer warned late Sunday that, if elected to the post, he would consider dismissing the coalition government as a last resort in an attempt to turn around the struggling economy.
nm/jlw (AFP, dpa, Reuters)
Public Praises Science; Scientists Fault Public, Media
Scientific Achievements Less Prominent Than a Decade Ago
Overview
Americans like science. Overwhelming majorities say that science has had a positive effect on society and that science has made life easier for most people. Most also say that government investments in science, as well as engineering and technology, pay off in the long run. And scientists are very highly rated compared with members of other professions: Only members of the military and teachers are more likely to be viewed as contributing a lot to society's well-being.
However, the public has a far less positive view of the global standing of U.S. science than do scientists themselves. Just 17% of the public thinks that U.S. scientific achievements rate as the best in the world.
A survey of more than 2,500 scientists, conducted in collaboration with the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), finds that nearly half (49%) rate U.S. scientific achievements as the best in the world. When asked about their own scientific specialty, about the same share of scientists (45%) rate U.S. scientific achievements the best in the world.
There are indications that the public also is somewhat less confident in America's scientific prowess than it once was. Significantly fewer Americans volunteer scientific advances as one of the country's most important achievements than did so a decade ago (27% today, 47% in May 1999). As an example, ten years ago, 18% cited space exploration and the moon landing as the country's top achievement of the 20th century. Today 12% see it as the greatest achievement of the past 50 years.
While the public holds scientists in high regard, many scientists offer unfavorable, if not critical, assessments of the public's knowledge and expectations. Fully 85% see the public's lack of scientific knowledge as a major problem for science, and nearly half (49%) fault the public for having unrealistic expectations about the speed of scientific achievements.
A substantial percentage of scientists also say that the news media have done a poor job educating the public. About three-quarters (76%) say a major problem for science is that news reports fail to distinguish between findings that are well-founded and those that are not. And 48% say media oversimplification of scientific findings is a major problem. The scientists are particularly critical of television news coverage of science. Just 15% of scientists rate TV coverage as excellent or good, while 83% say it is only fair or poor. Newspaper coverage of science is rated somewhat better; still, barely a third (36%) of the scientists say it is excellent or good, while 63% rate it as only fair or poor.
While scientists are generally upbeat about the state of their profession, they do see several obstacles to conducting high-quality basic research. As might be expected, by far the biggest impediment is a lack of funding; more than eight-in-ten say this is a very serious (46%) or a serious (41%) impediment to research. A majority (56%) also says that visa and immigration problems for foreign scientists and students stand in the way of high-quality research. Far smaller percentages say that regulations on animal research (27%) or other factors are serious impediments to scientific research.
Points of Agreement
The survey of opinions about the state of science and its impact on society was conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press in collaboration with the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), the world's largest general scientific society. The survey of the general public was conducted on landlines and cell phones among 2,001 adults April 28-May 12; the online survey of scientists was conducted among a sample of 2,533 members of the AAAS from May 1-June 14. Science knowledge questions were included in a separate survey of the general public, conducted on landlines and cell phones among 1,005 adults June 18-21.
While scientists express frustration with the public, there are some significant points of agreement between the public and the scientific community. First, majorities of both groups point to advances in medicine and life sciences as important achievements of science. About half of the public (52%) cites medicine – including health care, vaccines, and medical cures – when asked to describe ways that science has positively affected society; by comparison, just 7% mention communications and computer technology. Similarly, most scientists (55%) mention a biomedical or health finding when asked about the nation's greatest scientific achievement of the last 20 years.
There also is common ground between the public and scientists regarding the pivotal role of government in funding scientific research. Government institutions and agencies are the dominant funders of research, according to scientists: 84% list a government entity as an important source of funding for their specialty, with nearly half specifically citing the National Institutes of Health (49%) or the National Science Foundation (47%). Half of the scientists (50%) cite non-government funding sources as among the most important in their field.
A majority of the public (60%) says that government investment in research is essential for scientific progress; only about half that percentage (29%) is of the view that private investment will ensure that enough scientific progress is made even without government intervention.
Moreover, large percentages think that government investments in basic scientific research (73%) and engineering and technology (74%) pay off in the long run. Notably, the partisan differences in these views are fairly modest, with 80% of Democrats and 68% of Republicans saying that government investments in basic science pay off in the long run. Comparable percentages of Democrats and Republicans say the same about government investments in engineering and technology.
In this regard, public views about whether funding for scientific research should be increased, decreased or kept the same have changed little since the start of the decade. Currently, more than twice as many people say that, if given the task of making up the budget for the federal government, they would increase (39%) rather than decrease (14%) funding for scientific research; 40% say they would keep spending as it is. That is largely unchanged from 2001, when 41% said they would increase funding for scientific research.
As in the past, scientific research rates as a second-tier funding priority, well behind education (67% increase funding), veterans' benefits (63%) and health care (61%). But since 2001, support for increasing funding in several areas, including education and health care, has declined. Over the same period, opinions about funding scientific research have remained more stable.
Opinion Gaps between Scientists, Public
The public and scientists generally concur about the importance of government funding of scientific research, but there are substantial gaps in the opinions of scientists and the public about various scientific and societal issues. Scientists are far less critical than the general public of government performance. Just 40% of scientists agree that “when something is run by the government, it is usually inefficient and wasteful”; a majority of the public (57%) agrees with this statement.
Scientists also are more critical of business; they are roughly half as likely as the public to say that “business corporations generally strike a fair balance between making profits and serving the public interest” (20% of scientists vs. 37% of public).
When it comes to contemporary scientific issues, these differences are often even larger. Most notably, 87% of scientists say that humans and other living things have evolved over time and that evolution is the result of natural processes such as natural selection. Just 32% of the public accepts this as true.
And the near consensus among scientists about global warming is not mirrored in the general public. While 84% of scientists say the earth is getting warmer because of human activity such as burning fossil fuels, just 49% of the public agrees.
More than nine-in-ten scientists (93%) favor the use of animals in scientific research, but only about half of the public (52%) agrees. There also are wide differences in the proportions of scientists (93%) and the public (58%) that favor federal funding for embryonic stem cell research. There is less of a schism over the need for universal vaccinations: 82% of scientists and 69% of the public at large say that all children should be required to be vaccinated. Just 17% of scientists and 28% of the public say parents should be able to decide not to vaccinate their children.
Despite these differences, science and scientists are viewed positively by those who differ over evolution, global warming and other contentious issues.
On the question of evolution, for instance, 78% of those who say that humans and other living things have evolved over time because of natural selection and other natural processes say that scientists contribute a lot to the well-being of society. Those who say humans and other living things have existed in their present form since the beginning of time express a less positive view of scientists; nonetheless, 63% of them say scientists have contributed a great deal to society.
There also are only modest differences in views of scientists between those who say global warming is caused by human activity and those who say there is no solid evidence the earth is warming. In addition, those who say that science sometimes conflicts with their own religious beliefs – 36% of the public – are only slightly less likely than those who see no conflict to say that scientists contribute a great deal to society (67%, 72% respectively).
Good Times for Science
The poll finds scientists upbeat about the state of their profession. Three-quarters (76%) say this is generally a good time for science and nearly as many (73%) say it is good time for their scientific specialty. Positive views are shared by scientists irrespective of specialty. In addition, despite the bad economy, 67% say it is either a very good time (17%) or a good time (50%) to begin a career in their scientific field.
Politics may play some role in the positive way the scientists surveyed judge the times. More than half of the scientists surveyed (55%) say they are Democrats, compared with 35% of the public. Fully 52% of the scientists call themselves liberals; among the public, just 20% describe themselves as liberals. Many of the scientists surveyed mentioned in their open-ended comments that they were optimistic about the Obama administration's likely impact on science.
For its part, the public does not perceive scientists as a particularly liberal group. When asked whether they think of scientists as liberal, conservative or neither in particular, nearly two-thirds (64%) choose the latter option. Just 20% say they think of scientists as politically liberal. However, a majority of scientists (56%) do see members of their profession as liberal.
Most scientists had heard at least a little about claims that government scientists were not allowed to report research findings that conflicted with the Bush administration's point of view. And the vast majority (77%) says that these claims are true. By contrast, these claims barely registered with the public – more than half heard nothing at all about this issue. Only about a quarter of the public (28%) said they thought the claims were true.
Both scientists and the public overwhelmingly say it is appropriate for scientists to become active in political debates about such issues as nuclear power or stem cell research. Virtually all scientists (97%) endorse their participation in debates about these issues, while 76% of the public agrees.
Science Knowledge
Americans are knowledgeable about basic scientific facts that affect their health and their daily lives. But the public is less able to answer questions about more complex science topics.
The 12-item quiz administered to the public is available online. If you would like to take the quiz before reading this section, click here.
Fully 91% know that aspirin is an over-the-counter drug recommended preventing heart attacks and 82% know that GPS technology relies on satellites. And topics covered in major news stories also are widely understood; 77% correctly identify earthquakes as a cause of tsunamis and 65% can identify CO2 as a gas linked to rising temperatures.
Slightly more than half (54%) knows that antibiotics do not kill viruses along with bacteria, and about the same percentage (52%) knows that what distinguishes stem cells from other cells is that they can develop into many different kinds of cells. And some high-school science knowledge is elusive for most Americans: Fewer than half (46%) know that electrons are smaller than atoms.
Previous Pew Research Center knowledge surveys have shown that young people are poorly informed about current events and politics. But this is not the case with science knowledge. In fact, those younger than 30 get higher scores on the knowledge test than do those 65 and older. Still, the best-informed people about science, according to the results of this quiz, are those 30 to 49.
Sony has a Goosebumps movie in motion with director Rob Letterman, and Fox has ambitious plans for a cross-platform Choose Your Own Adventure franchise. But Hollywood won't rest until every relic of your childhood bookshelf has been brought to the big screen, goddamnit.
The latest to get the movie treatment is Encyclopedia Brown, which Warner Bros. has picked up for Roy Lee and Howard David Deutsch to produce. If that title doesn't ring a bell, you clearly don't have Encyclopedia Brown's photographic memory the Donald J. Sobol-penned series centers around a boy detective. Hit the jump for details.
THR reports that Warner Bros. is in final negotiations to acquire the movie rights to Sobol's books. Encyclopedia is the nickname of Leroy Brown, the son of a police chief. He uses his formidable intellect to solve minor cases among the local under-12 set, as well as to help his father puzzle out more serious schemes. Other recurring characters include Encyclopedia's buddy Sally Kimball and local bully Bugs Meany.
The kid-friendly stories have enchanted young readers for generations. The first Encyclopedia Brown book was published in 1963, and the most recent (#28) just after Sobol's death in 2012. The typical installment consisted of several brief mysteries, each sprinkled with clues so readers could try to solve them along with Encyclopedia. Answers were found in the back of the book.
The new film won't be the character's first brush with show business. Deutsch, who's held the screen rights since 1979, was also behind an HBO series that ran for about ten episodes in 1989. But he's never quite managed to get a feature adaptation off the ground, despite several high-profile efforts. Warner Bros. tried to get a movie going in the early '80s with Chevy Chase and Goldie Hawn to no avail. Robert Luketic and Ridley Scott also circled a more recent attempt in the '00s.
Warner Bros. has high hopes that this incarnation will turn out better. The next step will be for the studio and the producers to lock in a writer. If the first film goes well, it could potentially launch a whole franchise. Lee's experience should help on that front. His credits include the How to Train a Dragon series, and he's working on The Lego Movie and the upcoming Archie film.
By midnight on July 20, 2017, it seemed increasingly likely that Donald Trump will fire the special counsel, Robert Mueller.
Mueller embodies what is admirable in U.S. public service: a wounded and decorated Marine Corps veteran of Vietnam, longtime prosecutor and U.S. Attorney under both Republican and Democratic presidents, 12-year director of the FBI under both George W. Bush and Barack Obama, unconnected to scandal or partisan suspicions at any point.
Donald Trump embodies the reverse.
Yet for now Trump has the legal power, directly or indirectly, to dismiss Mueller, if the investigation gets too close to Trump's obviously sensitive financial concerns. And Trump himself, unaware of history and oblivious to rules, norms, and constraints, has given every indication that this will be his next step.
What happens then? Brian Beutler, of the New Republic, has just put up a bleak scenario, arguing that there really are no guardrails—or, as we observed in Mitch McConnell's unprecedented stonewalling of a Supreme Court nomination, that the constitutional system's real protections have been norms rather than formal rules. Someone unconcerned by those norms—McConnell last year, Trump now—can in fact blast right through them. “At the moment there are no reliable sources of accountability,” Beutler writes. “None.”
* * *
There are 52 Americans who have it within their power to prove that dark assessment wrong. Really, it would take a subset of just three of those 52. With the 52-48 current party lineup in the U.S. Senate, a switch of three votes of conscience is all it would take to have this branch of government fulfill its checks-and-balances function.
With three votes, a Senate majority could issue subpoenas and compel sworn testimony from Administration officials. It could empower its own thorough investigation, even re-hiring Robert Mueller to lead it. It could compel Donald Trump to release the tax returns about which he is so evidently nervous. It could act as if America in fact possessed a system of rule-of-law, rather than whim-of-one-man.
Ben Sasse could be one of those three, if he were willing to back up his lectures and essays about ethical public life. Lindsey Graham could, since he and John McCain have kept making the case about Trump's recklessness. Chuck Grassley, who would be 89 years old the next time he'd have to face the voters. Dean Heller, who is in trouble anyway in a state Hillary Clinton carried, and whom Trump demeans and insults. Rob Portman, who has served in “normal” Republican administrations and could ally himself with his state's governor, John Kasich, as forces for a principled future GOP. Jeff Flake, who in speeches has positioned himself with appeals to a more moderate politics, and who could take up the Maverick mantle of his colleague John McCain. Of course, McCain himself. Lisa Murkowski, who originally won without Republican Party support. Susan Collins, who drew a line at the rushed health-care bill. Richard Burr, who has made more-or-less common cause with his Democratic colleague Mark Warner on the Senate intelligence committee. Ron Johnson, who has just won re-election and appears to be mad at Trump. Rand Paul, also just elected, if he believed his radical limited-government pitch. Ted Cruz, if he had the courage of his anti-Trump stand at last year's GOP convention. Even—let's imagine here—the likes of Tom Cotton, if he were willing to roll the dice and elevate himself as a national figure, for the post-Trump leadership contest against the likes of Sasse, Cruz, and the rest. There are half a dozen other conceivable candidates. I'd like even to imagine John Barrasso, a broadly educated and broad-minded man who has for now thrown his lot in with Mitch McConnell.
It would take only three. Some—Grassley? Heller? McCain if he is able to vote?—might think: What do they have to lose? They might as well wind up with dignity. Others—Paul, Burr, Johnson, Murkowski—are so far away from re-election that a lot will happen in the meantime. And all of them are senators, part of a body self-consciously proud of its independence, its individual judgment, its role in defending the long-term principles of governance.
A country of 300-plus million people, with the world's largest economy and most powerful military, should not rely for its orderly stability on the decisions-of-conscience of just three people. But the United States may soon be in that situation. These names will go down in history, depending on the choices they make.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
I told myself I wasn't going to write about James O'Keefe, mostly because his sophomoric pranks are mostly for the net effect of making his pockets fat. He has his hands out, and I'm not trying to help him get paid. I no more want to discuss voting by reference of O'Keefe than I want to write about Middle East affairs by reference of Sacha Baron Cohen in The Dictator. Ad Policy
But his influence on voting rights opponents and legislators alike is particularly jarring. When you hear activists and state senators say we need voter ID laws because of voter fraud, instead of citing data, or even anecdotes, lately they've been citing O'Keefe. When I was in Houston at the True the Vote conference I was hardly surprised when the audience erupted in applause as O'Keefe took the podium. You would've thought Tim Tebow entered the room. And sure enough, he presented one of his “Project Veritas” videos of himself telling unsuspecting poll workers in Minnesota that he wanted to register “Timothy Tebow” to vote before given a stack of voter registration applications.
Download Video as MP4
See? There is how fraud happens, O'Keefe told the crowd. What was surprising was that no one dared to speak up that no fraud had actually happened. What was O'Keefe's point in showing this? Yes, it's true. Someone can fill out a registration card with a fictitious name and address. It's also true that election officials will verify that the person on the registration card exists, and toss those that don't. Before that happens, if the person or party handling the registration cards finds something fishy—a dubious name or sketchy address—they'll often report it to election officials themselves if they don't discard it, as what ACORN did, contrary to popular opinion. But no crime has been committed, and photo voter ID laws wouldn't prevent such registration problems anyway.
But O'Keefe isn't looking for veritas or accuracy—he just needs the perception that something fishy is going on so that he can direct you to his page and have you contribute to his fairy tale fund. That's how hustles work. Right now, on his website he invites people to fork over the dollars because “Our work in North Carolina as draining on our staff and funds—but we produced jaw-droppiong [sic] results once again!”
Here's the jaw-dropping results: a Veritas actor assumed the name of a man, Michael Bolton, who died two weeks before North Carolina's May 8 primary. O'Keefe's actor went to Bolton's polling place and attempted to fill out the dead man's ballot. The poll worker asked the actor if he was Michael Bolton Jr., the deceased's son, to which the actor responded affirmatively, but O'Keefe edits this part out. Instead, he presents the video as if his actor voted on behalf of a dead person, even though the actor never actually filled out the ballot.
This jaw-dropper left the Bolton family still grieving, and now fuming. The elections board is now investigating O'Keefe and Gary Bartlett, executive director of the board of elections, says the stunt may be a felony. You'd think a person who upset a mourning family would be apologetic. Not O'Keefe. His response to Bartlett: “Our elections process does rely upon honesty and transparency so investigations into whether our elections are being conducted properly can't be harmful to the process—particularly ones that expose ballots being offered in the name of the dead or registered voters who refused jury service because they identified themselves as non-citizens.”
The “non-citizens” reference is to two individuals in the video they claim were non-citizens who voted, but Bartlett found those allegations false also. For those, O'Keefe wrote:
However, while our facts were correct in the report, the perception presented in the investigation—which highlighted the ease in which voter fraud can be committed—deserves correction in regards to the citizenship status of Mr. Romero and Mr. Gorzkowski.
But his facts weren't correct. And the false “perception” he admitted deserved correction left the Bolton family's mother with the conclusion that voter ID laws are needed so more people like O'Keefe won't pull pranks. That's the formula: manufacture fraud, hoodwink election officials and the electorate with it, and then exploit the resulting confusion as “proof” why voter ID is needed.
Bartlett told the News & Observer, “Election laws are based on honesty and self-policing, and when someone falsely brings validity of the process into question, that hurts the public's confidence in the process.” It's a con of the worst kind: intentionally molesting a person's confidence, and then leaving them to feel ashamed because they think either they invited the molestation or weren't smart enough to fend it off.
Such tactics, though, have infected legislators in New Hampshire, where an odious voter ID bill has passed the legislature propelled by voter fraud beliefs. O'Keefe, who produced a deceiving video there, took credit for that at True the Vote. Republicans in Congress have demanded Attorney General Eric Holder investigate the fake fraud as dramatized in O'Keefe's videos. In Mississippi, after a photo voter ID bill was passed, the senate elections committee chairman Chris McDaniel cited O'Keefe's videos. When people cite the polls that 64 percent of Americans believe voter fraud exists, it's mostly because people like O'Keefe brought into existence.
This voter fraud madness isn't new. In fact voter registration itself was created in the nineteenth century in part by people making fraud claims. But as Alexander Keyssar writes in his book The Right to Vote: The Contested History of Democracy in the United States, few instances of actual fraud have actually been recorded from that period. Then, as now, fraud was used strategically by political parties when they wanted to find ways to create lists of people thought ineligible to vote.
O'Keefe is serving the same agenda, which is why he was at True the Vote, showing off his latest hustle, kneeling in the Tim Tebow pose while people laughed at those who had been hustled. This is not the work of people who want to protect integrity or help Americans vote, it's the work of scam artists who think so little of democracy that they're willing to treat it like an episode of MTV's Punk'd.
Speaking of Punk'd, when O'Keefe was sued by ACORN worker Juan Carlos Vera for the video stunt that eventually dismantled the organization, O'Keefe tried to have the case dismissed by claiming his activities are no different than what's performed on—Punk'd!
That motion was denied. Leaked deposition clips from that upcoming trial appear to show O'Keefe claiming deceased conservative blogger Andrew Breitbart paid him $65,000 to “Punk” ACORN. Seems O'Keefe might have other motivations.
At the conclusion of the December 14, 2016 Zoning Commission hearing for the proposed D.C. United stadium at Buzzard Point, Chairman Anthony Hood requested that United, the applicant in the Planned Unit Development to meet with Advisory Neighborhood Committee 6D. The two sides met twice in January, once to discuss the environmental impact of stadium construction on the area's residents, and once to mesh out details about the transportation issues of building a stadium in just a few blocks from Nationals Park.
We now know ANC 6D's take on those meetings, thanks to "ANC-6D Response to Post-Hearing Submission," a newly uploaded document on the PUD case log. While they ANC declared themselves pleased with two productive meetings with the team, they still harbor plenty of concerns ahead of February 16th's Zoning Commission meeting, in which the Commission is expected to vote on the stadium proposal.
After spelling out their agreements and disagreements with the team, the ANC wrapped up their response by stating:
ANC-6D appreciates that our Commissioners have had an additional opportunity to hold these discussions with the Applicant and hear the responses of the District Agencies to our stated concerns. That said, our ANC is not ready to fully embrace this plan until solutions can be found to the rather significant transportation challenges to and from the site. We remain open to holding additional discussions with the Applicant and sitting down with DDOT, OP and DMPED in an attempt to resolve these challenges prior to the Commission Meeting on February 16, 2017.
First, the areas in which the ANC found common ground with the team. The ANC response says that they have completely vetted the team and BreatheDC, and are willing to agree with the team's $50,000 contribution to BreatheDC. That money will go towards "the acquisition and distribution of air purifiers for impacted residents living nearby the construction site." The ANC states that the team has agreed to give BreatheDC the money immediately upon the signing of the agreement.
At the January 10th meeting, in which the ANC and the team discussed the transportation aspect of the stadium plan, the ANC came away with pleased that their was a preliminary Transportation Operations and Parking Plan in place. At the December 14th meeting, it was stated that the timing was too early for a plan that would inevitably change closer to the opening of the stadium, However, with a preliminary plan in place, it seems that the ANC now has some sort of physical plan to use in their discussions with the team.
The ANC was also happy with a discussion over possible river transportation to the stadium, which was mentioned at the last ZC meeting by Chairman Hood. Per the ANC's response:
ANC-6D is pleased that the Applicant has had initial discussions with Potomac Riverboat Company as requested by the Chairman. During the intervening period, ANC-6D has met with the federal Department of Transportation to discuss an urban river transit grant that is currently available. Ultimately, ANC-6D hopes that those monies may be used to help provide the necessary infrastructure to enable our waterfront ANC to have proper docking facilities for vessels on the Anacostia at Buzzard Point as well as at Diamond Teague.
That said, the ANC still has some issues with the overall plan. From their January 5th meeting about the environmental impact of the stadium, while noting the United's contribution to BreatheDC, the ANC, chaired by Andy Litsky, notes their disappointment by the lack of similar commitment from the city itself, or PEPCO/Exelon.
There are also still concerns from the ANC about the air quality from the potential construction at the Buzzard Point site. According to the ANC, the team's air quality reports don't "take into account the pre-existing conditions."
Of course they can't take responsibility for other emissions, but the ANC continues to believe that District agencies have abrogated their larger responsibilities to the community in this regard. Fugitive dust, in particular, remains an abiding health hazard as construction happens all across Buzzard Point. Unless the city addresses Buzzard Point writ large, the problem will continue to be minimized on a site-by-site basis as extraordinary development continues to occur on one of the most polluted land masses in the District of Columbia.
The response also states that the Department of Energy and Environment should undertake their own air monitoring at Buzzard Point instead of just relying on the team's reports. The DOEE was responsible for the air monitoring before giving the land to United for the stadium. The ANC also asks that more than four monitors are present at the stadium site to check the air quality, due to the size of the project. The environmental issues end by asking the team to check and bait traps for vermin more than twice a month, stating that "the rat population has increased significantly" in the area.
The transportation part of the stadium plan remains the biggest sticking point with ANC 6D. That was evident through the two Zoning Commission meetings last year, and continues to shine through in their latest response.
The ANC notes that while United will pay for Traffic Control Officers during events, they should also provide the funding for enforcement (e.g. towing services) during the same time. That enforcement would be a measure against "unpermitted on-street parking" in the surrounding blocks of the stadium itself.
ANC 6D also continued to question the agreement with the Washington Nationals to avoid having overlapping events at the two stadiums. The response notes that the Zoning Commission asked the team to update their status in working with the Nationals, in terms of event planning, including banning simultaneous events. However:
The ANC has seen no such update. This is of particular note since the 2017 schedules have already been announced and on three separate dates this year (May 13, August 26 and September 9) DC United and the Nats play on the same day. Since 2017 DC United play continues to occur at RFK, this is not problematic, but it does demonstrate the difficulty in getting both MLB and MLS to make appropriate arrangements. ANC-6D expects a proper strategy in place as well as clarifying written agreement as a requirement of their Certificate of Occupancy.
The actual number this year is four games, with the teams also sharing an August 12th home date. The Nats and Black-and-Red previously shared a home at RFK Stadium, and this year the Houston Dynamo and Houston Astros have sorted out a schedule in which the teams do not share a home date. Their stadiums are approximately the same distance from each other as Nats Park and the proposed Buzzard Point stadium.
Letters of Intent are also a subject of concern for the ANC, as they have not seen a list of parking spots that will be available to the team during game days. The Commission had requested signed LOIs for the different parking lots and spaces at the last meeting.
The ANC claims that their greatest concern with the whole of the stadium plan is "routing of traffic through the existing residential neighborhood." The thought from the ANC is that visitors to the stadium will use the neighborhood roads, bogging down streets that can't sustain the traffic caused by a 19,000 seat stadia.
ANC-6D sees no justification for supporting any new vehicular traffic through the residential streets north of the stadium and requests that net-based way-finding strategies, physical signage and TCO placement be coordinated by DDOT and the Applicant to provide every assurance that vehicular traffic to the stadium will not be directed through north/south residential streets. Minimizing traffic through the residential streets is supported by the Gorove/Slade September 16 report, which recommends "pedestrian and traffic barriers…to deter patrons from walking through the adjacent residential neighborhood" (p. 3). True barriers to allow access to residents but prevent Stadium-directed vehicular through-traffic should be implemented in conjunction with the TOPP.
In addition, the ANC insists that they must be present at future TOPP meetings, noting that they were party to similar meetings during the construction and planning of Nats Park. The ANC wrapped up their concerns about the stadium plan by touching on the amount of signage the team has proposed at the stadium, alleging that the team has gone back on their word about digital advertising signage.
Indeed, ANC-6D reminds the Commission that during ANC cross-examination that the Applicant agreed that outside digital advertising signage would not be part of their PUD and that they understood that at some future date (indeed, the record will show that the Applicant stated "ten years" as a possibility of when they might reconsider) should they want to include it as an option that they would need to return to the Zoning Commission to amend their PUD. We find it extremely disturbing now, that in their posthearing report they completely abjure this very public declaration made on November 28, 2016 by the DC United Vice President of Development and Stadium Operations.
The ANC has left the door open to future meetings with the team to address concerns. However, the next Zoning Commission meeting is set for just over two weeks, leaving a small window of time for the concerns to be ironed out.
The recent upload also included another response from the ANC in which they replied to Office of Planning (OP) and Department of Transportation responses to ANC testimony. At the December 14th Zoning Commission hearing, the ANC - through Commissioner Andy Litsky - testified, laying out their concerns with the stadium plan. The OP and DDOT then provided responses to the testimony recently, prompting the ANC to reply in kind.
Below are those replies. The ANC makes it clear they still have major issues with what the OP and DDOT have said in relation to the stadium plan. It's important to note that these aren't issues with United's involvement on the building of the stadium; instead, they concern how the stadium will interact with the surrounding neighborhood.
The ANC's response included worries about the use of eminent domain to take away housing from residents in the neighborhood nearest the stadium site, in addition to concerns about a traffic plan when construction on the Franklin Douglass Bridge begins, currently slated for 2019.
ANC 6D Reponse to Departments Post-Hearing by Steven Streff on Scribd
A little something to drool over, especially if you are a fan of barrel aged beers. Weyerbacher Brewing (Easton, PA) Rhumpshaka.
The brewery took an 11% abv beer brewed with mostly pilsner malt and a touch of oats, and aged it for 9 months in 12 year old rum barrels. (Some date back to 1982.)
The resulting beer is unfiltered and has a profound boozy character. Huge coconut and passionfruit-like aromas fill your nose. The heat from the rum is immediately apparent and blends well with the vanilla and coconut flavors, which linger on your palate. It's a sweeter finish with tannic notes commensurate with extended barrel aging.
“Rhum” is the old world way of spelling rum. Production is limited to 90 cases of 750ml bottles.
Style: American Strong Ale (Barrel Aged. Rum)
Availability: 750ml Bottles
Arrival: April, 2014
11% ABV
Enjoy this.
About
There once was a great obelisk that was worshiped like a god, the closer a person was to the obelisk, the more heavenly it was. However mankind was foolish and did not fully comprehend the power that this great obelisk wielded. After several generations have come and gone, respect to obelisk was non-existent. The people, instead of respecting this obelisk started to strike it and sold the fragments that fell from it. The energies that were trapped inside were very offended. Until one day, a greedy soul struck the obelisk with such immense force that it caused the obelisk to shatter. This is when the obelisk vanished, and all of the shards were strewn about the earth.
Not long after the Obelisk destruction the people started to notice that shards of crystal would display unusual powers. Some noticed the ability to manipulate and even create fire came much easier. Others were able to harness the minerals from the earth with greater ease, as well as form earthen structures. Even some found that water could be manipulated to turn as hard as rock, or into steam, and be manipulated in any state. There were some that were able to soar like eagles due to the manipulation of the wind. These people also learned how to snuff out life and fire with the removal of air. Eventually the people separated into villages of like powers. And so, battles were waged and lines were drawn.
While only the elite were given crystals, not all crystals had powers. Some were not even in a condition to receive the divided energy of the original Obelisk. Some believe that not all crystals have been found.
There was one crystal unlike all the others. It was called Enhance. Nobody knew what it did. The head cleric was designated to investigate this strange crystal. He spent years studying it. It was found that this crystal could enhance humans unlike any other. However, it would only target what the wearer wanted; either heart, body, mind, or soul. While investigating the crystal, the head cleric became extremely intelligent. He achieved telepathy and was humbled at this new-found power. He kept the powers of this crystal secret to keep it from falling into the wrong hands.
------------------------
Saul Forge continued in the line of work that his parents raised him in, and went off to search for stronger materials to build better forges shortly after Rolan was born. He went missing. It didn't take long before Saul was pronounced dead, though the only proof they had was his cart was smashed up and lots of bloodshed. Saul was discovered by one of the clerics, who took him in and nursed his wounds.
Saul became good friends with the head cleric over the many years he was there. On his deathbed, the head cleric named Saul the new head cleric and donned upon him the crystal. This granted Saul the vast knowledge of the previous cleric, and also added the strength of body to become one of the strongest men in the world. Saul, too, kept the powers of the crystal secret. In fact, not even his family knows he is alive.
One day, a man came to the clerics severely wounded in battle. His name was Malcolm Briggs. He was a good man, a general. He was near death. Many potions were tried to revive him. Nothing worked. In a state of desperation, Saul decided to try using the Enhance crystal to cure him, thinking the powers of body would revive him. His plan worked. However, something inside of Malcolm's head snapped and one night he escaped and killed many clerics. He had become Dark Lord Orion and sent out on a quest to acquire all of the crystals and rule the world as he saw fit.
Characters
Rolan Forge - Raised in the art of the Blacksmith. Son of Saul Forge. He has lived with his grandparents for as long as he can remember. All he knows is his mother went searching for his father shortly after he went missing. He has never left his small hometown in the country land. He's anxious and wants to see the world and always gets into trouble. He only heard passing tales of his parents. As you can tell in the photo above, Rolan receives a nifty upgrade at some point during his adventure.
Lulu Drake - Lives by the sword. Dies by the sword. Daughter of Arthur Drake, who was a general under King Alvin. She grew up in a very strict household and was raised to be a general herself. She is very good with the art of the sword. Her parents have since passed, and she is the lead general under Malcolm Briggs, who is now King. She is in pursuit of the crystals.
Dark Lord Orion - Once known as Malcolm Briggs, he succeeded King Alvin in the Kingdom of Lurn. He is in pursuit of the other crystals to conquer the world. He has tasked his generals to bring him the crystals at any cost.
Music
From the musical geniuses at Forte Sounds, here is the main theme for Rolan's Quest.
The Team
Brian Karcher
Lead programmer and level designer - When Brian isn't busy hacking into the Pentagon (just kidding... really!), he loves getting knee deep into the code. The more complex the task, the happier he is.
Fangfang Karcher
Story, marketing, and Japanese translation - Developing the secret recipe for a nuclear device. And when she has time, working on the things she really loves, video games.
Z.A.K.
Concept Artist and Sprite Animator - If you don't find his head buried in drawings, games and movies, you'll find it in the clouds.
Aj Lornie
Music & Sound Design - With over a decade of experience as a composer & sound designer, Aj will be taking care of the Music & Sound Design for Rolan's Quest from his studio in the UK, Forte Sounds Ltd.
Marius Janusonis
Artist - Marius Janusonis is a passionate illustrator and concept artist from Lituania, having worked for various clients and a few gaming companies for a while now.
Stretch Goals
This week's chaos on the streets of Baltimore has been decades in the making.
Violence erupted in the city on Monday after days of largely peaceful protests over the death of Freddie Gray, a 25-year-old black man who recently died of injuries he sustained while in police custody. But Gray's death was just the latest point on a timeline stretching back generations, one that encompasses all manner of racial inequity and human indignity.
On April 6, 1968, just two days after the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr., riots broke out in Baltimore. When the dust settled on April 7, three people were dead, 70 were injured and more than 100 had been arrested, and numerous buildings were burned and destroyed, according to Baltimore magazine.
The Maryland Crime Investigating Commission Report of the Baltimore Civil Disturbance of April 6 to April 11, 1968 later summed up the event in a few sentences that could have easily been written yesterday:
[S]ocial and economic conditions in the looted areas constituted a clear pattern of severe disadvantage for Negroes compared with whites... Our investigation arrives at the clear conclusion that the riot in Baltimore must be attributed to two elements -- 'white racism' and economic oppression of the Negro. It is impossible to give specific weights to each, but together they gave clear cause for many of the ghetto residents to riot.
The decade following the riots saw significant white flight from Baltimore, as factory jobs in the Rust Belt city dried up. The city lost more than 100,000 manufacturing jobs between 1950 and 1995, according to ThinkProgress. As middle- and working-class whites left Baltimore in droves, they left behind a shrunken tax base and an enervated local economy.
"All the middle-class people moved out,” Mike Tsamouras, 74, told The Boston Globe in 2010. “We lost a lot of people.”
Between 1970 and 1980, the city's population dropped from 906,000 to 787,000. By 2010, Census data showed there were just 620,961 residents in Baltimore.
As factory jobs moved overseas, most of the opportunities for employment that replaced them did not pay very well.
A 2012 Brookings study found that jobs in low-paying industries like food service grew by more than 60 percent in Baltimore from 1980 to 2007. Meanwhile, jobs in high-wage industries increased by only 10 percent.
The gradual attrition of jobs that paid a decent wage rendered Baltimore particularly vulnerable to the drug trade, which has become almost synonymous with the city thanks to media depictions like HBO's "The Wire." Starting in the late 1970s, drug kingpins began recruiting children and teenagers -- who, if caught, could usually escape the criminal justice system more easily and more cheaply than adults -- to aid with the day-to-day business of selling illicit substances. For many young people, the drug trade offered much more lucrative possibilities than the weak local economy.
A damaged economy, high levels of crime, little opportunity to achieve something better: That's the context Freddie Gray lived in his whole life. In Sandtown-Winchester, the Baltimore neighborhood where Gray grew up, the unemployment rate is 1 in 5, about twice as high as the city average, according to a Baltimore City Health Department report cited by Slate.
Nearly one-third of the neighborhood's families live in poverty, and more than half its households earn less than $25,000 a year.
The neighborhood is also plagued by a "rate of lead paint violations almost four times as high as it was citywide," according to Slate. Lead paint is linked to a host of health problems and is highly correlated with increased levels of violent crime.
In addition to all this, residents of the neighborhood must contend with disproportionate levels of deadly violence. People who live in Sandtown-Winchester and the adjacent Harlem Park neighborhood are "more than twice as likely to be killed than residents of Baltimore overall," Slate found.
And civilian violence isn't the only kind rendering these streets unsafe.
Between 2011 and September 2014, the city of Baltimore shelled out $5.7 million to cover police brutality lawsuits, according to a Baltimore Sun investigation.
That's enough taxpayer money to pay for a "state-of-the-art rec center or renovations at more than 30 playgrounds," the Sun noted. And that figure doesn't include the $5.8 million in taxpayer dollars to cover legal costs for the officers accused of misconduct.
From the Sun:
Victims include a 15-year-old boy riding a dirt bike, a 26-year-old pregnant accountant who had witnessed a beating, a 50-year-old woman selling church raffle tickets, a 65-year-old church deacon rolling a cigarette and an 87-year-old grandmother aiding her wounded grandson. Those cases detail a frightful human toll. Officers have battered dozens of residents who suffered broken bones -- jaws, noses, arms, legs, ankles -- head trauma, organ failure, and even death, coming during questionable arrests. Some residents were beaten while handcuffed; others were thrown to the pavement.
Faced with intractable poverty, high rates of deadly violence and a "poison" relationship between citizens and the police, it's perhaps not surprising if many Baltimore residents feel like Pierre Thomas, 37, a protester who told NPR this week that calls for "peace" only come when the powerful feel threatened.
"Where was the peace when we were getting shot? Where's the peace when we were getting laid out? Where is the peace when we are in the back of ambulances? Where is the peace then?" Thomas said. "They don't want to call for peace then. But you know when people really want peace? When the white people have to get out of bed, when cops have to wear riot gear, when the cops start talking about, oh we got broken arms. Then they want peace."
"Peace?" Thomas went on. "It's too late for peace."
See below for more statistics about race, crime and the economy in Baltimore.
Source: Census Bureau, Baltimore Neighborhood Indicators Alliance, The Jacob France Institute, Baltimore Police Department, The Baltimore Sun
Source: City of Baltimore
Don your tartan-print leisure knickers and command Barkley to warm up the Rolls-Royce, because McDonald's is releasing a toothsome new offering for America's blue-blooded lads. In a press release this morning, the fast-food giant announced it is coming out with a new fig and ladyfinger McFlurry for fancy little boys who desire a treat.
Ah, how splendid!
Marketed as the McDandy, this fig-based confection is served inside of fine porcelain saucers gilded with Baroque, gold-leaf patterns, making for a luxurious yet yummy after-dinner indulgence for monied young moppets who yearn to cap off an afternoon of backgammon and bidding on antique baubles at Christie's by stuffing their rosy cheeks with something sweet and decadent. Little lords who would prefer not to rub elbows with grubby commoners in the restaurant can pay for a car-side service upgrade, where a tuxedoed McDonald's employee will deliver your McDandy to your idling vehicle and adorn you with a Turkish-cotton bib so you don't risk sullying your silken ascot if any of the beluga caviar “sprinkles” happen to spill onto your shirtfront.
Advertisement
“At McDonald's, we strive to have something for everyone on our menus, which is why we are pleased to offer our new McDandy for aristocratic young fellows who wish for a goody,” the company said in a press release. “After a long day of summering, practicing French with Nanny, or waving a pennant at the America's Cup, we want society's fanciest boys to know that they've always got an exquisite sugared treat waiting for them at McDonald's. And should you not have a hankering for something sweet, it's just as satisfying to buy a McDandy if only to gleefully pour it out into the gutter while a wide-eyed, hungry street urchin stares on longingly.”
Wow, this sounds truly resplendent. The one downside is that this new fig and ladyfinger McFlurry is available for a limited time only. So if you're a fancy boy, be sure to pick one up now before McDonald's returns to serving exclusively plebeian desserts.
Introduction:
Always being fascinated by printed or molded relief maps of countries, showing their geographical structure in a 3D manner, I came up with the idea to try a realization with bricks. So i tried my best to reproduce the main characteristic shape of a country - in this case Germany - and to at least indicate some of its typical geographic characteristica using my current favorite "building style" in very small scale.
Details shown:
To add some fun and eye candy, I tried to sort of cartoon a few landmarks or regions throughout the country with some kind of "3D icon". Therefor I first added the "Brandenburger Tor", placeholding the capital city, Berlin. As i wanted to get the map more "lively", I then added some "fishing area" on the north coast, some container ship to symbolize the city of Hamburg, a small industrial area around Cologne, some "skyscrapers" for Frankfurt and finally the football stadium "Allianz Arena" in Munich.
As I wanted to represent at least some of the probably most well known waters (rivers), too, I tried to sketch the rivers Rhine and Elbe as well as the North sea and Baltic canal.
Finally - after having most of the time consuming renders already done - I decided to add the corresponding country flag down right in the blank space. Perhaps one could add some sticker with basic information about the country (size, number of citizens and so on), too, to add some "educational" character.
Technical:
The model is designed on a 32x32 base plate and consists of approx. 1.100 parts in total. Up to now the model is a rendered LDD-construction, maybe I'll get the chance to add some real build lateron.
Thank you for viewing and of course - if you like it - for your support :-)!
Web and mobile apps come under review on new Stanford site
Stanford Law School's M. Ryan Calo helps launch a new site that's a little bit Yelp, a little bit Wikipedia and a little bit Consumer Reports, to help people figure out just how safe some apps are.
L.A. Cicero M. Ryan Calo
About to download a new application to your smartphone? Ready to play a game on Facebook that requires you to join a network? All you have to do is share a little bit of personal information, trust the systems are secure, and you're on your way.
But before you enter your password or click the box allowing access to your profile, there's probably a moment of wonder: Who wants to know these things, and why?
M. Ryan Calo, a residential fellow at Stanford Law School's Center for Internet and Society, has helped design a website to erase some of that mystery. WhatApp?, officially being launched this month at http://www.whatapp.org, reviews web and mobile apps for privacy, security and openness.
The goal is to help guard against computer hacking, identity theft, spam and phishing.
The reviews, now being written by a team of about 15 lawyers, computer scientists, and privacy and security experts from Stanford and other institutions, are about to become the responsibility of those who visit the site. Think Consumer Reports blended with Wikipedia and Yelp, but focused on the narrow issue of Internet security and privacy.
"People are going online to opine about the security and privacy of apps all the time," Calo said. "But none of that discussion is centralized. What we're trying to say is that if you're doing it already, come and do it here."
The site also reviews web browsers like Firefox and Safari, social networks including Twitter and Facebook and the mobile platforms that run them – Apple's iPhone, Windows Mobile and Google's Android.
More than 200 apps are listed on the website now, and dozens have been reviewed. Calo expects those numbers to grow quickly as users begin adding their evaluations and start requesting reviews on specific apps.
Visitors will have the chance to register as "expert reviewers" and create public profiles that list their credentials. Calo and his team will verify that new reviewers are who they claim to be, but will leave it to the What App? community to size up the experts and even rebut their claims.
"The idea is not to be exclusive and create a club," Calo said. "If you know something or have an opinion about how good or bad an app's privacy is, feel free to weigh in."
Reviewers will be asked to rate an app based on several questions, some of which can be answered after a careful study of an application's privacy and security policy – the small print of the app world.
The reviews come in the form of written comments and badges that award applications up to five green bars for privacy, security and openness. Wikis accompany the reviews to summarize what the app does, and the site immediately serves up a list of links to news stories about an app's privacy and security issues.
The site also allows app developers to sign in and write notes about the privacy and security of their creations. Again, Calo says the reviewers and other site users will help keep those claims honest.
WhatApp? shines a strong light on the best and worst of the app world, with a "featured app" on the homepage highlighting a product that can be used to enhance online privacy and a "penalty box" that calls out an app for having a poor privacy policy or substandard security features.
"The entire point is to drive the application market toward better privacy and security practices by rewarding those who do a good job and penalizing those who don't," Calo said. "Privacy is about having control over information that pertains to you. I think we're rapidly losing that control, and this is a way to monitor what's being done with information being collected."
WhatApp? is funded by a grant from the Rose Foundation.
Media Contact
Adam Gorlick, Stanford News Service: (650) 725-0224, agorlick@stanford.edu
Having a pet doesn't mean you can't have a beautiful and comfortable house. Instead of banishing your pets in the yard, you can design your home so that it would be stylish and pet friendly.
A pet friendly home can also be stylish
You can have a beautiful house and a pet, in the same time. The secret is choosing the right materials and to pay attention to your pet's needs. If a house is not suitable for a dog, it's not ok neither for kids nor guests", says Julia Syabo, a New York Post editor and the writer of "Animal House Style: Designing A Home To Share With Your Pets".
First, take care of your pet's hygiene and clean your house...a lot. So, vacuum regularly and bathe and groom your pet as much as possible.
How to design a pet friendly house: Having a pet doesn't mean you can't have a beautiful and comfortable house. Instead of banishing your pets in the yard, you can design your home so that it would be stylish and pet friendly.You can have a beautiful house and a pet, in the same time. The secret is choosing the right materials and to pay attention to your pet's needs. If a house is not suitable for a dog, it's not ok neither for kids nor guests", says Julia Syabo, a New York Post editor and the writer of "Animal House Style: Designing A Home To Share With Your Pets".First, take care of your pet's hygiene and clean your house...a lot. So, vacuum regularly and bathe and groom your pet as much as possible.How to design a pet friendly house:
Leather furniture is not that great in a house with cats
Cotton is a great choice for your health, too
like leather and Crypton.like cotton.. They are great because they will protect the floor from scratches coming from pets' claws and they muffle the sounds on the floors, when the pets run or play. White, beige, cream and light colours are not advisable, because they will get dirty really quick and you will observe that more than on the dark coloured ones.the best are the ceramic tiles, but you can choose hardwood, too, or even painted concrete, terrazzo and bricks. The reason is the same: you can clean it daily.so that he/she would chew and scratch them and not the furniture, the pillows or some other dear things.. the hair they leave behind won't be as visible any more., as their beds, pillows and scratching posts, to your home design.
The FDA does not require independent testing for any genetically engineered (GMO) foods that it allows to be put on your table. Instead, it lets the chemical industry decide what to submit. The EPA allows the chemical industry to make genet ically modified (GM) foods that produce their own insecticide and does not require any independent safety testing.
These two petitions request President Barack Obama, the U.S. Congress and the U.S. Senate to require independent safety testing of all GMO foods:
http://aninvoluntaryspy.com/6.html
The chemical industry is trying to control our food supply and currently there is no independent testing required for genetically modified foods, said Kenneth Eade, Author of the best selling GMO thriller, An Involuntary Spy http://amzn.com/B00GQPBLZ6 . When doing research for the book, I was shocked at what I uncovered, he added.
The FDA does not test the safety of GMO crops. Instead, all GMO foods are assumed to be safe unless there is already evidence to the contrary. The FDA relies on self-reported data from the companies that manufacture the crops as to their safety. Moreover, due to legal and copyright restrictions surrounding GMO patents, independent scientists must ask for the chemical companies permission before publishing research on their products. As a result, almost all of the long-term animal feeding studies that have ever been conducted on GMO feed have been carried out by the biotech companies themselves, with their own rules and using their own standards of reporting. What few independent studies have been conducted have shown a range of adverse health effects from reduced fertility to immune system dysfunction, liver failure, obesity and cancer.
Genetically engineered foods are in almost all processed food products in the United States. A simple reading of the label will reveal one or more of the following ingredients in every one of them: corn or corn oil, cottonseed oil, canola oil (made from rapeseed oil, a GMO product), soy and/or soybean oil, and/or high fructose corn syrup.
Genetically engineered corn and soy are used for most of the animal feed in the United States. And GMO sweet corn is now appearing in stores. There are no current federal labeling laws for GMO products, and two labeling measures in California and Washington have been defeated, in the wake of heavy spending of millions of dollars against the measures by Monsanto, Dow Chemical, Bayer, Coca-Cola, Kelloggs, and many others whose name you will see on products on your breakfast, lunch or dinner table. A member of the board of directors of Mc Donalds and one from Sara Lee sit on the board of directors of Monsanto.
Because GMO foods pose a serious health risk in the areas of toxicology, allergy and immune function, reproductive health, and metabolic, physiologic and genetic health and are without any of their claimed benefits, the American Academy of Environmental Medicine (AAEM) believes that it is imperative to adopt the precautionary principle, which is one of the main regulatory tools of the European Union environmental and health policy and serves as a foundation for several international agreements. The most commonly used definition is from the 1992 Rio Declaration that states: "In order to protect the environment, the precautionary approach shall be widely applied by States according to their capabilities. Where there are threats of serious or irreversible damage, lack of full scientific certainty shall not be used as a reason for postponing cost-effective measures to prevent environmental degradation.
There's no doubt that over the last few months, SmackDown Live‘s tag team division has been anchored by The Usos and New Day. They've been the highlight of three straight PPVs, and their feud could go down as one of the best in WWE history. But while those teams have been killing it in the ring, another team has been making their mark in their own way. Breezango, also known as the Fashion Police, have been steadily gaining momentum as one of the best parts of the Blue Brand due to their hilarious, surreal, crime show-parodying segments called the Fashion Files.
The segments, which pay homage to pop culture's most cherished crime shows, have been a creative boon for the show and for both Tyler Breeze and Fandango. But the Fashion Police are more than just a comedy duo. When the SmackDown Live after Hell in a Cell ran a Fatal 4-Way to determine new #1 contenders to the tag team championships, Breezango were clearly the crowd favorites. Is it time for their run at the belts, and a more prominent role on SmackDown Live? Just days before Hell in a Cell, RealSport sat down with Tyler Breeze and Fandango to talk about future title opportunities, what makes a good comedy tag team, the need for passion and perseverance in this business, and so much more.
RealSport: You guys were kind of thrown together as a tag team, and now you're absolutely killing it. What's the key to developing good tag team chemistry? How do you find that connection if you maybe haven't worked together a whole lot?
Tyler Breeze: At this point we're still trying to work on it [laughs].
Fandango: I'm not going to lie to you, it won't take a lot to split us up. We almost broke up right before this interview. This tag team is on thin ice.
Breeze: Don't start that. Let's at least make it through an interview. But no man, it's a feeling out process. This especially was one of those things where we weren't doing too much and they just said “here's an opportunity,” which, any opportunity that comes around you have to make the most of it. You don't know when the next one will come. The thing with our roster is that it's so talented, and we have the depth where if you're not going to make the most of those minutes you get on TV, somebody else will. So we had a couple of ideas that turned into fun and all of a sudden we're having a blast, people are having a blast watching, and it just turned into something we didn't even see coming.
Fandango: I think we've obviously had segments and wrestling matches on Raw and SmackDown just being single competitors, but I think doing the Fashion Files weekly right now brings a different entity to the SmackDown show. It's something different, it's comedic relief between matches, so it's kind of something that separates us from the rest of the roster. It's bringing something different to SmackDown every week, and we take pride in making these skits as funny as possible every week. We really take it seriously.
Creating the Fashion Files
RS: And being comfortable and passionate about what you're doing is going to come across to the audience, right?
Breeze: Totally.
Fandango: You can see when people are trying to be funny, and it's very transparent. And just me being a hilarious dude in real life, and Breeze being semi-funny, it really comes through.
Breeze: Wow. All interview, man, all interview.
Fandango: But I think, like, when we're getting ready to film the Fashion Files every week, we're just two dudes having fun backstage. And it's not overly micromanaged, where we have to perfectly hit everything on the script. It's pretty much us getting some material and just having fun with it and trying to make it our own. I think it really comes across as us just having a good time.
Breeze: Yeah, when we're just kind of bouncing of each other and then you have to stop for a second because everyone in the room is laughing, you know you're on to something.
Fandango: The looser it is, the more fun it is, and that's when the best material comes out.
RS: Doing a Twin Peaks-inspired segment on an episode of SmackDown Live certainly seems like you're keeping it loose and having fun.
Breeze: By the way, our writers loved it. They said “thank you so much, we can just retire now that we've done a Twin Peaks parody.” I'm telling you man, they loved it. And that's been the theme; every week we're going, “okay, what's next, what's next?” Then as we're doing it more stuff pops up, and it's just a room full of people laughing our heads off at ourselves, so it's fun.
On the importance of chemistry in tag team wrestling
RS: In order to counteract the idea that you'll break up before this interview is even over, I want to know what makes the guy sitting beside you a good tag team partner. Breeze, what do you love about working with Fandango, and Fandango, what does Breeze bring to the table that keeps you invested in this tag team?
Breeze: I'm going to let Dango go first on this one.
Fandango: I'll throw this at you: Breeze is a good tag partner because I'm forgetful.
Breeze: Very forgetful.
Fandango: I forgot we were doing this interview. I woke up at noon and thought I was flying home. But Breeze makes a hell of a tag partner because he picks up my gear that I leave behind at most live events. He's probably saved me thousands of dollars on gear.
Breeze: Literally brand-new gear, you give it to him, and he leaves that day without it.
Fandango: I've got a lot of stuff going on at home, back at the house. [Laughs]
Breeze: Dango's a great tag partner, man. It's one of those things where, when you're in a tag team you have to rely on somebody and…[laughs]
At this point in the interview, which was conducted in WWE's scorching hot archive warehouse, Fandango has gotten up off the couch and is kneeling in front of a giant fan, lifting his shirt and doing his best supermodel poses.
Breeze: …and as you can see, he's someone you can rely on, believe it or not [laughs].
Fandango, shouting from across the room: VERY RELIABLE!
Breeze: Honestly, I think we're a good little mix. We balance each other out.
NXT, and what's next for Breezango on SmackDown Live
RS: Alright, since Fandango is just cooling off, let me ask you something specific. When some people talk about Tyler Breeze, there's a common talking point that perhaps you have some unfinished business in NXT, that you didn't get your run as champion and that's a missed opportunity. Do you feel that way, or is it, “I'm on SmackDown Live doing my thing and I'm a happy guy”?
Breeze: It's kind of a mixture of both. I think, especially at the time, when NXT was becoming what it is today, I like to think I was an integral part of that. If you look, Neville was NXT Champion, Sami Zayn was NXT Champion, and Tyler Breeze never was.
Fandango: You weren't the NXT Champ?
RS: See, he's forgetful.
Breeze: Never was. I was always in the mix.
Fandango: Aw, man.
RS: He was in nearly every single multi-man match for the championship though.
Breeze: Yeah! It's one of those things where if I really thought about it, or if I wanted it badly enough, there's always some unfinished business there. But SmackDown Live, we've got some unfinished business there as well: those SmackDown Live Tag Team Championships. We came close before with The Usos a couple of times. I think it's time we get back in there as well.
RS: Don't get me wrong, New Day and The Usos have been doing some incredible stuff…
Breeze: Killing it. Totally killing it.
RS: …but it looks like we're on to something else after Hell in a Cell. Maybe it's time for Breezango to step up.
Fandango: There are some surprises coming up. I can't say anything, but there are surprises.
Breeze: [laughs] He can't remember them, but he thinks they're coming. But yeah, we have some unfinished business there.
RS: Do you guys have a dream tag team matchup? Someone in that locker room, or from the past that you'd love to lock up with?
Fandango: Earthquake and Typhoon? We pretty much based our entire careers, our whole tag team style, on Earthquake and Typhoon.
A long pause before bursting out laughing.
Breeze: Alright, it's like, I don't see the connection there, but okay [laughs].
RS: Let's get back to the Fashion Files for a second. I want to know, how do you create a tag team that's largely comedic relief and still retain some sense of aggression? How do you make sure you can still be taken seriously as in-ring competitors?
Breeze: So you know what's kind of been funny is, along the way, you can read something and you don't know how it's going to translate. But we've been lucky in that I can sense comedy, Dango can sense comedy, and if we're going through it and laughing to ourselves, we have to assume that there's at least a couple other people laughing. And if we don't feel it they probably won't feel it either. And I think we're in a special area where everyone likes being a part of it, everyone wants so get their hands in it, so being taken seriously can come across that way.
Fandango: Everybody wants a piece of the Fashion Files
Breeze: Like, it's probably just a matter of time before you see someone like, maybe a Vince.
Fandango: I heard Mr. McMahon is dying to get on Fashion Files.
Breeze: Especially after Arn [Anderson] was on there. Arn blew up on the internet.
RS: You're definitely responsible for Arn Anderson's success.
Breeze: Seriously. He won't leave us alone now. Every time we see him he goes, “hey, when am I back on?”
Fandango: I go, “Arn! We don't know when you can get back on. But when we find out, you'll be the first to know!” He won't leave us alone.
Breeze: He learned that he was “trending” and now he won't stop talking to us.
The key to longevity in the wrestling business
RS: Alright, I'm getting the wrap-up signal, so two things really quickly. Fandango, you recently posted a picture on Instagram from your very first match, celebrating 18 years in the business. What advice would you give to someone starting out right now? What's the key to longevity?
Fandango: You know, being consistent. If times get tough, just start mailing it in.
Breeze: [Laughs] Do the least possible to keep going. What advice.
Fandango: [Laughs] Yeah, stay under the radar and do just enough to get by. No, it's like anything man, if you love being in a band and you want to be a rock star, or you love acting, or you love pro wrestling, the times are going to get tough, and it's the people who really love what they're doing that stick it out through when you're performing in front of 10 people in a crappy auditorium after driving ten hours through a snowstorm. Those are the times you get through if you really love what you do.
RS: So it's keeping that passion alive, no matter what.
Fandango: Yeah man. And eventually the payoff is getting in video games and seeing yourself as an action figure. Look, like anything else, it's the people that get into something just to be famous or make money that don't stick through the hard times, and you can tell. So yeah, it's surreal to come here and see yourself in a video game, or getting to meet cool people like Tyler and do cool stuff on TV. It's the payoff for all those hard nights on the road.
﻿ Tag Team Legends Lightning Round
﻿﻿RS: Alright, so before we go, I want to do a real quick lightning round where I name the tag team and you tell me whether they're fashion friendly or not.
Fandango: None of them [laughs]. No, okay, go. I'm ready.
RS: Demolition?
Breeze: No.
Fandango: Yes.
Breeze: Wait, really?
Fandango: Ok no. Wait, who did you say? [Laughs]
RS: Attitude Era Hardy Boyz?
Breeze: Oh totally.
RS: The Dudley Boyz?
Fandango: Ugh, no.
Breeze: I kind of like the camo though!
Fandango: No.
Breeze: Yes for me. Write it down.
RS: The Road Warriors?
Breeze: Yes, of course.
RS: Harlem Heat?
Breeze: No.
Fandango: No.
RS: Booker T is going to be mad.
Breeze: Sorry. I didn't like the little hat.
Fandango: Yeah, the hat was confusing for me.
Breeze: Definitely threw me off.
RS: And finally, Too Cool?
Fandango: Oh for sure!
Breeze: Big time yes!
Which legendary tag teams do you think are or aren't fashion friendly? Let us know in the comments below!
Want to share your opinion? Why not Write For Us?
Lets get ready to hum-ble! That's right, Humble Bundle accounts are now open to the public. Tie all of your existing bundles into one ginormous time vampire.
About:
“The Humble Indie Bundles or Humble Bundles are a series of game bundles that are sold and distributed online at a price determined by the purchaser. The games are multi-platform, DRM-free, and independently developed, and buyers can set the revenue split between the developers, charities and humble bundle organizers.”
1. Use the Humble Bundle Key Resender to retrieve previous bundle keys.
2. Visit the included links and claim each bundle.
3. Spend the rest of today playing forgotten games.
Humble Bundle Accounts FAQ
Q: Why can't I see my download page anymore?
A: If you download page is linked to a Humble Bundle Account, you must be logged in to see the download page.
Q: Where are the steam keys and other bonus material?
A: The Steam keys and other bonus material from your bundle purchases can be found on your individual bundle pages.
Q: I don't see all my past purchases.
A: Your older purchases may have been under a different email address; if you navigate to the download page, you can link the purchase to your account from there. If you do not have access to your download page, please send us an email; be sure to include your Transaction ID (it should begin with an X).
Q: How do I create a Humble Bundle Account?
A: You can find step-by-step directions for creating an account in this article.
Q: How do I claim a purchase?
A: You can find step-by-step directions for claiming bundles in this article.
Q: How do I reset my password?
A: You can find step-by-step directions for resetting your password in this article.
Q: How do I change my email address or password?
A: You can find step-by-step directions for changing your email address or password in this article.
Q: How do I set up the Android app?
A: You can link the Android app to your bundle purchases on your individual bundle pages.
Q: How do I unclaim a bundle?
A:Email us with the Transaction ID (it should begin with an X), and the reason you need to unclaim the bundle. Our support ninjas will help you out.
Website: www.humblebundle.com
The votes have been tallied in the 6th annual Chinese Restaurant Awards!
Listed below are the top 20 in the Diner's Choice. See all of the winners in the Critic's Choice and Diner's Choice at chineserestaurantawards.com.
Best Wonton Noodles
McNoodle House
Best Sichuan Boiled Beef
S&W Pepper House
Best Honey Garlic Spareribs
Bamboo Grove
Best Taiwanese Bubble Tea
Dragon Ball Tea House
Best Egg Tart
Lido Restaurant
Best Service Restaurant
Peninsula Seafood Restaurant
Best Fine Dining Restaurant
Peninsula Seafood Restaurant
Best Dim Sum Restaurant
Sea Harbour Seafood Restaurant
Best Cantonese Restaurant
The Jade Seafood Restaurant
Best Northern Chinese Restaurant
Peaceful Restaurant
Best Shanghainese Restaurant
Long's Noodle House
Best Sichuan Restaurant
Golden Szechuan Restaurant
Best Hunan Restaurant
Lucky Noodle Chinese Restaurant
Best Taiwanese Restaurant/BBT Café
Bubble World Tea House
Best Hot Pot Restaurant
Landmark Hotpot House
Best Congee and Noodle Restaurant
Old Buddies Seafood Restaurant
Best Vegetarian Restaurant
Po Kong Vegetarian Restaurant
Best Hong Kong-Style Café
Deer Garden Signatures
Best Bakery Shop
La Patisserie
Best Food Court Stall
Wah Yuen Noodle House, Yaohan Centre
“These guys are professionals,” he said. “As soon as you tell them it is the 32, they will practice it over and over. I predicted the numbers would be over 90 percent. It's a small sample size, but so far, I have been wrong.”
Bede, who is 9 for 12 on extra points, said he spent considerably more time practicing extra points than in years past. At 6 feet 4, 225 pounds, he is an example of the strong-legged kickers who are now more desirable in the C.F.L. The Alouettes released Sean Whyte, one of the most reliable kickers in the league, in favor of Bede because of Bede's strong leg.
Under the new rules in both leagues, if an extra point is deflected and caught within the end zone, it can be returned by the defense to the opposite end zone for 2 points. Therefore, teams need the kicker to launch the ball out of the end zone, particularly in the C.F.L., where goal posts are on the goal line and end zones are 20 yards deep.
“Everybody's going to stronger-legged kickers,” said Higgins, the Alouettes' coach.
Higgins, Daniel and Bede all said that the kickers in the N.F.L. were generally superior to their C.F.L. colleagues, and in the first 13 N.F.L. exhibition games, only one extra-point attempt was missed.
Daniel was also involved in deciding the new spot of the 2-point conversion. He calculated the percentages of plays from each yard line inside the 5 and found that teams scored touchdowns on 90 percent of plays from the 1-yard line. Plays from the 2-yard line were a little less successful, and plays from the 3-yard line were successful 50 percent of the time.
According to Daniel, the data on 2-point conversions has been remarkable. Of the 141 applicable touchdowns, teams have elected to go for 2 points 32 times, a rate of 22.7 percent.
In the previous nine years, C.F.L. teams attempted 2-point conversions only 5.7 percent of the time and succeeded on only 38.4 percent of those. This year, from the 3-yard line, the success rate is a staggering 71.9 percent (23 of 32).
3D printer prices are dropping into a range that could appeal to home users.
A handful of 3D printers priced at less than $500 were shown at the Inside 3D Printing trade show this week in New York. They can print small objects in limited colors, but prices of more advanced home 3D printers are dropping as well, opening up the market to a wider audience.
3D printing involves taking a filament like plastic and discharging it through a nozzle on a substrate to make parts, and has been used to make a range of items, including smartphone cases, toys, automotive and aeronautic parts, and even a space probe. 3D printing allows for faster and less expensive production of parts for such items, and designing and prototyping the parts becomes easier, said 3D Systems CEO Avi Reichental during a keynote at the conference this week.
“We are observing companies are under increased pressure to deliver products faster,” Reichental said. “For the price of one unit, I can make millions of units [with a 3D printer].”
Evolving tech driving prices down
Prices of 3D printers are falling at a fast clip, helped by technological advancements, the expiration of certain patents and increasing competition, said Tim Shepherd, senior analyst at Canalys Research.
“It is possible today to get low-end, relatively basic printers for several hundred dollars, where in the past they started in the thousands-of-dollars range,” Shepherd said.
Canalys expects the 3D printer market to grow rapidly in the coming years, with sales of printers, materials and services reaching $3.8 billion this year, compared to $2.5 billion last year, and hitting $16.2 billion by 2018.
Growth will be fueled when companies such as Hewlett-Packard enter the 3D printing market, Canalys said. MakerBot and 3D Systems are the most widely recognized 3D printing companies today.
XYZSystems is making a play for the home with the $499 da Vinci 1.0, which was shown at the show. It has a single nozzle, meaning that it produces single-color items. The printer can make items measuring 200 x 200 x 200 millimeters.
Hobbyists targeted by cheap printers
The printer is for home users, hobbyists, students involved in science projects and teachers “who want to decorate their classrooms,” said Phair Tsai, a marketing specialist at XYZSystems.
XYZSystems is part of Taiwan-based The Kinpo Group, which has made two-dimensional industrial printers for two decades. XYZSystems has been dropping prices on its more advanced 3D printers, but an introductory model was needed to penetrate the home market, Tsai said.
“Our goal is to lower the entry barrier for regular users, to instigate a conversation, to get users to start using 3D printing,” Tsai said.
Solidoodle was another $499 printer shown at the event. It has a single nozzle and can print plastic items that are up to 152.4 x 152.4 x 152.4 millimeters in dimension. The product is already shipping.
Advanced 3D printers supporting larger objects and more filaments are also dropping in price. The price of the X Objects' Up Plus has dropped to $1,500, compared to $4,000 when it was introduced three years ago, said Brian Quan, president of X Objects.
The Up Mini, which sells for $880 on Amazon is the least expensive X Objects 3D printer.
“I wouldn't be surprised if it goes down even further in the next three months,” Quan said.
For color, you'll pay more
BotObjects introduced ProDesk3D, priced higher at $3,249, but it is full color. It has five color cartridges that allow users to blend colors when printing plastic objects.
The ProDesk3D is a “prosumer” device, for home or office use, said Mike Duma, chief technology officer and co-founder of BotObjects.
“We continue—as with all the other 3D printer manufacturers—on the path to improve the product and the design, and making the ... assembly more efficient,” Duma said.
Some 3D printers suitable for home use so far have been used chiefly by hobbyists and early technology adopters. Inventors or entrepreneurs have been among the buyers of the $1,299 3D Systems Cube Easy Plug sold by 3D Heights. Company President Jerry Castanos is skeptical about 3D printers for everyday home use.
“I see it in the business side. Entrepreneurs, small business, a guy with his own storefront,” Castanos said. “We actually had a few people in our neighborhood buy them to resell items on Amazon.”
Castanos views 3D printers as more like copiers, with people going to the nearest store to have 3D objects printed, rather than doing that at home.
Home users of 3D printers have largely been hobbyists and early technology adopters, said Canalys analyst Shepherd, noting that there is a learning curve involved.
“These will really become ‘products for home use' when not only the devices themselves become more affordable and easy to set up and use, but when greater numbers of consumers have been educated—whether adults or children—to use computer-aided design software to produce designs to print,” Shepherd said.
Service and maintenance issues also add to the costs of 3D printers, and support packages are necessary, said Quan of X Objects. The filament is inexpensive, costing about $50 or less for a kilogram, which is good enough to 3D print 350 chess pieces.
“You're going to see the technology dropping a lot, but it's never going to be as simple as a printer, because the printer has gone through years of development,” Quan said.
The Westwood Village Improvement Association's new chair plans to make the Village a more welcoming place for visitors.
The association's board elected Jim Brooks, president of the TOPA Management company – a property management company that leases spaces to businesses in the Village – as the new board chair at its November meeting. Brooks has served as vice chair for the association and has been involved in the association for three years as a board member.
The association is a nonprofit organization that provides the Village with amenities it cannot directly receive from the city.
Brooks will succeed former chair Jessica Dabney, who served as the chair since the board's creation in 2011. Dabney said she helped create the association to beautify Westwood Village and make it more attractive for visitors.
The chair is head of the board's Executive Committee, which also consists of the vice chair, the treasurer and the secretary. The committee oversees the association's budget, staff members and general policies, said Andrew Thomas, executive director of the association.
Thomas said the chair is responsible for setting the tone at board meetings and encouraging board members to participate. He added he thinks Brooks has great attendance and participation in board meetings, and thinks Brooks will be a strong leader.
“He knows the ins and outs (of the board), and he doesn't need to be brought up to speed,” Thomas said.
Brooks said he enjoys working with businesses and other community members in the Village and the other districts within Westwood. Brooks said his work with TOPA requires him to help sign leases and accommodate business spaces, which he thinks will help him interact with local businesses and introduce new businesses into the Village.
Brooks added he plans to maintain the Village's clean and friendly environment and said he thinks his involvement in the association's Clean, Safe and Beautiful Committee, including his work to rebrand recycling bins, will help him make the Village more presentable.
Dabney said she thinks Brooks is qualified for the position because of his experience as vice chair and involvement in some of the board's committees such as the Clean, Safe and Beautiful Committee and the Business Attraction and Retention Committee. Dabney added that while she thinks the position can be challenging, she thinks Brooks is capable of handling it and will continue to improve the Village.
“(The position) is a lot of work,” she said. “I do think that the next few years will present some challenges and opportunities, but I am glad (Brooks) will be the one to face those.”
Republican front-runner Donald Trump revived Bill Clinton's past marital indiscretions this week, attacking Hillary Clinton on Twitter and on TV for playing the "women's card" and saying her husband's past affairs would be fair game.
Trump took a different tact in the late '90s, when the scandal was at its peak, defending then-President Bill Clinton against the "moralists" and hypocrites in Congress and arguing that the scandal wouldn't have been that bad if only Clinton had chosen to carry on an affair with a supermodel instead.
"I got a chuckle out of all the moralists in Congress and in the media who expressed public outrage at the president's immoral behavior," wrote Trump in The America We Deserve . "I happen to know that one U.S. senator leading the pack of attackers spent more than a few nights with his twenty-something girlfriend at a hotel I own. There's also a conservative columnist, married, who was particularly rough on Clinton in this regard. He also brought his girlfriend to my resorts for the weekend. Their hypocrisy is amazing."
Trump also wrote that Clinton should have refused to talk about his personal life.
"When confronted with the Lewinsky matter, Clinton should have stoutly refused to discuss his private life," wrote Trump. "He should also have declined to answer, rather than perjure himself. If the Clinton affair proves anything it is that the American people don't care about the private lives and personal of our political leaders so long as they are doing the job."
The Republican front-runner, who has his own history of extra-marital relations, also wrote in his 2000 book that the American people were tired of hearing about Clinton's private life. "Think for a second about what the entire political world was obsessing over throughout 1998 and part of 1999: Monica," wrote Trump. "I think the national consciousness has been deeply scarred. Americans have been drained of their spirit by the entire Clinton-Lewinsky impeachment fiasco. I think the voters want both Clintons offstage and want to put the whole sordid mess behind us. That's what they mean by Clinton fatigue."
Trump at one point compared himself directly to Bill Clinton, telling CNBC in 1998, "Can you imagine how controversial I'd be? You think about him with the women. How about me with the women? Can you imagine?"
In a 2000 interview with Maureen Dowd of the New York Times, Trump even suggested people would have been more forgiving if Clinton had cheated on Hillary with a beautiful woman of sophistication.
"He handled the Monica situation disgracefully. It's sad because he would go down as a great president if he had not had this scandal," said Trump. "People would have been more forgiving if he'd had an affair with a really beautiful woman of sophistication. Kennedy and Marilyn Monroe were on a different level. Now Clinton can't get into golf clubs in Westchester. A former president begging to get in a golf club. It's unthinkable.''
In another Times story in 1999, Trump said Clinton would have been considered a hero if he cheated with a supermodel:
For example, Trump disapproves of President Clinton's behavior in the White House over the past four years, though he suggested that he was bothered less by what Clinton did, than by whom he did it with.
"It was his choice," Trump said. "It was Monica! I mean, terrible choice." Trump, who showed off fashion magazines displaying cover-art of the latest in a line of models he has dated, suggested that if Clinton had confessed an improper relationship ( Trump offered a more earthy phrase to get the idea across) with a supermodel, as a opposed to a White House intern, "he would have been everybody's hero."
"I'm not making any justification for cheating on your wife," added Trump, whose own extracurricular marital activities have been a tabloid staple.
On Tuesday, Trump attacked the Clintons on Today, saying, "Well, if you look at the different situations; of course, we can name many of them. I can get you a list and I'll have it sent to your office in two seconds."
"But there were certainly a lot of abuse of women," Trump added. "And you look at whether it's Monica Lewinsky or Paula Jones or many of them, and that certainly will be fair game, certainly if they play the woman's card with respect to me, that will be fair game."
And on Twitter Monday, he said this:
“A psychopath is not a professional. You can't work with a psychopath, 'cause ya don't know what those sick assholes are gonna do next.” – Harvey Keitel explaining why you shouldn't work with psychopaths from the movie Reservoir Dogs.
Psychopaths do not make good colleagues. They make worse bosses.
In Bosses behaving badly Jeanne-Vida Douglas writes about corporate psychopaths. They are rare. Only one or two percent of the population are psychopaths.
Yet they exist. There's a chance you'll meet one in your career.
The best thing to do if you find yourself working for a psychopath is to find another job. While that's not always easy, you may as well accept you'll be out of the job sooner or later anyway because of the crazy behaviour
So get out fast with as much pride, integrity and sanity as you can salvage.
Douglas provides a check list to help recognise when a manager is a monster:
How to spot a psychopath boss
Lack of recognition of others in projects or achievements.
A sudden increase in absenteeism or illness in a particular division.
Attempts to isolate team members from each other and from other senior staff.
High staff turnover in a particular branch or division.
Constant questioning of others' behaviour or capabilities either openly or privately.
A lack of respect for the intelligence or capabilities of others.
Obsession with gaining power over others.
Irrational requests, aggressive outbursts and rapid changes in demeanour.
"Breaking Bad:The Movie"?
It's within the realm of possibility, teases the show's star, Bryan Cranston. When AMC and “Breaking Bad” creator Vince Gilligan reached an agreement earlier this year to extend and eventually end the addictive drama with two eight-episode seasons, Gilligan told Cranston that he "couldn't imagine having enough story to fill 16 more episodes.”
But when we spoke to Cranston recently, he revealed that the narrative pendulum had now swung in the opposite direction.
VIDEO | Emmys Round Table: Let's talk drama
“Vince feels that now we have too much story,” Cranston says, laughing. “We could actually go beyond those 16 episodes.”
Which leads Cranston to considering his character's future beyond the next 16 hours of television.
“It's not far-fetched,” Cranston says. “I wouldn't mind visiting that possibility. And this is coming from a guy who doesn't know anything of how the show's going to end. If it doesn't end up in a total apocalypse, who knows? Maybe we could revisit Walter White a year down the road and see where his life has gone. If he's still alive, that is.”
SPOILER ALERT: "Breaking Bad" finale
The odds of White making it through the next two seasons alive remains iffy, Gilligan cautions. A teaser for the upcoming season shows the newly minted meth king rebuking strip mall attorney Saul Goodman for telling him “we're done.”
Citic Pacific's Sino Iron mine cost roughly four times its initial budget, and analysts who track the project say it likely will lose hundreds of millions of dollars in 2014, its first full year of production. Citic Pacific, a Hong Kong-listed subsidiary of Chinese state-owned behemoth Citic Group, and its contractors made a series of blunders, from thinking they could import workers at Chinese pay levels to a botched bet on currencies that forced the company to seek a $1.5 billion bailout from its parent.
And while Sino Iron is at last shipping ore, it remains locked in a legal battle with its local partner, Clive Palmer, a property mogul turned politician who has accused Citic Pacific of taking Australian resources without fully paying for them.
...
Over the past decade, China rushed to buy up global commodities as its economy boomed—both to feed its factories and to ensure it wasn't reliant on Western powers for raw materials. China's overseas investments in resources soared to $53.3 billion last year, from $8.2 billion in 2005, according to an investment database compiled by the American Enterprise Institute and the Heritage Foundation.
Now it is becoming clear that China's shopping spree yielded numerous bad investments. Many big-ticket deals are losing money, running into unexpected costs or generating significantly less output than expected. Some Chinese investors are moving away from resources—a shift that could mean less Chinese money for countries in places like Africa, Latin America and the Middle East.
Subject recruitment and sample collection
Patients with chronic constipation and healthy controls were conducted according to Rome III criteria to recruit. Briefly, with onset of symptoms at least 6 months before the diagnosis, and symptoms were consistent with the following diagnostic criteria in the recent 3 months: (1) Two or more of the following conditions must be included: straining; passage of lumpy or hard stools; sensation of incomplete evacuation; sensation of anorectal obstruction; manual maneuvers needed to facilitate defecations; less than three times of defecation every week. (2) Rarely loose stools without laxatives. (3) Inconformity of the diagnostic criteria of irritable bowel syndrome52. Slow transit constipation (STC) is diagnosed according to colon transmission test. All the patients took 20 medical barium sulfate diluted in porridge and erect position abdominal X-ray photographs were then taken at 4, 8, 12, 24, 48 hours after meal53. Patients with STC are found to retain two or more markers after ingestion 48 h, so taking an abdominal X-ray after 48 h is sufficient to make a confirmation in patients with 48 h. Detailed information including age, sex, defecation frequency, and Bristol score of the subjects were collected in Table 1. Healthy controls are the health physical examination personnel without any diseases. All procedures were performed in accordance with the National Institutes of Health Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals (NIH Publication No. 80-23) which revised in 1996. Meanwhile, the protocols were reviewed and approved by Ethical Committee of General Hospital, Tianjin Medical University, China. Written informed consent was obtained from all participants and their families.
Table 1 Detailed information of the donors. Full size table
Fresh fecal samples were collected from the constipation patients (n = 5) and healthy controls (n = 5) for FMT. The fecal samples collected from each group were mixed to form fecal liquid at room temperature, and the procedures of preparing the fecal samples for FMT were performed as described in the previous studies54. Briefly, fecal samples were dealt with relatively aseptic conditions. Each fecal sample (1 g) was suspended with 10 ml sterile phosphate-buffered saline. The suspensions were filtered through filters with pore diameters of 2.0, 1.0, 0.5 and 0.25 mm. After homogenization and centrifugation, fecal suspensions were obtained and stored in a refrigerator at −80 °C.
Mice and treatment
C57BL/6 mice were purchased from Beijing Animal Research Center, China, weighting 16–18 g, 6 weeks of age. The mice were fed normal mouse-chow diet under specific pathogen free (SPF) condition. Mice were randomized into two groups: FMT-C group (transplant fecal microbiota of chronic constipation patients, n = 10) and FMT-H group (transplant fecal microbiota of healthy controls, n = 10). The mice were given a mixture of 500 mg of ampicillin, 250 mg of vancomycin, 500 mg neomycin and 250 mg of metronidazole (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) daily for 3 days by gavage, considering as the antibiotic depletion model55. The suspensions from fecal sample (0.2 mL/10 g body weight) were transplanted to the mice by gavage. According the previous reports, the mice were inoculated once daily for 3 consecutive days, then on alternate days for 4 times, with a total of 7 times during transfer experiments56,57,58 (Fig. 1A ). Signs of illness were monitored and body weight was recorded daily. The mice were sacrificed on the 15th day, and colon tissues were collected and stored in 10% formalin solution or −80 °C refrigerator. The animal experiments followed the National Institutes of Health Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals (NIH Publication No. 80-23), revised in 1996. Animal protocols were approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee at Tianjin Medical University, Tianjin, P. R. China.
Cell culture and treatment
The Caco-2 cells as the human intestinal epithelial cells, were grown in Dulbecco's Modified Eagle Medium (DMEM) media supplemented with 10% fetal bovine serum, 1.0% nonessential amino acid and 1% solution of antimycotic mixture at 37 °C and in air plus 5% CO 2 . Cells were grown as standard monolayers on six-well plate until they reached approximately 70–80% confluency59. Cells were serum starved (0.5%) at 37 °C for approximately 12 h before the experiments and then treated with fecal bacteria liquid from FMT-C and FMT-H groups (fecal bacteria liquid -to-cell media ratio: 1:2000) for 3 h according to the previous study55, and the blank serum was used as the blank control.
Defecation function of the mice
Mice in each group were fed in the single cages, we detected the frequency of pellet expulsion, fecal weight, fecal dry weight and fecal water content after giving antibiotics, we used the data of parameters as blank controls. Then the mice were fasted for 16 hours on the 6th and 14th day of the experiment. Freely feeding mice were observed for 2 hours, and the frequency of pellet expulsion and fecal weight were determined. Fecal water content (%) was measured by comparing the weight of the pellets at the end of the experiment and after drying (24 hours at 37 °C). Water content (%) = (wet weight − dry weight)/wet weight × 100% according to the previous studies60, 61.
Gastrointestinal transit time
GITT is the time it takes for food to leave the stomach and travel through the intestines. In our study, five mice in each group were randomly selected for testing GITT and the other five mice were sacrificed for the small intestine advancement test. On the 15th day of experiment, five mice in each group were randomly selected in the single cages. The mice were fasted for 16 hours before experiment, and fed with Indian ink (0.2 mL/10 g body weight-average molar mass) the next day. After that, the time for expulsion of the first blue pellet was determined62. Five other mice were subjected to the small intestine advancement test. The mice were also fasted overnight for 16 h and fed with ink. After a 25 min interval, the mice were killed and the segments from stomach to ileocecal junction were collected. Ink propulsion rate (%) = migration distance of ink/whole length of small intestine × 100%63.
Periodic acid schiff (PAS)
The distal colon was removed from all the mice. The tissue was flushed with PBS, fixed in 4% formaldehyde overnight at room temperature and paraffin-embedded. The specimens were then cut into 5 μm sections and stained with Alcian blue periodic acid–Schiff (PAS) (the goblet cells were stained red). The results were expressed as the number of goblet cells per intestinal villus.
Immunohistochemistry and Immunofluorescence
Formalin-fixed tissues were dehydrated and embedded in paraffin. After being embedded, tissues were sectioned into 4 μm slices which were stained with primary antibodies, rabbit monoclonal anti-MUC2 (1:250, Santa Cruz, USA) overnight at 4 °C. The biotinylated anti-rabbit secondary antibody was stained with horseradish peroxidase (HRP)-streptavidin solution. Finally the sections were counterstained with hematoxylin. Five random areas from a single section were checked for the percentage of positive cells by an independent blinded pathologist. Data were quantified by calculating the average percentages of positive cells in each mouse as the positive rate of cells.
Formalin-fixed tissues were processed for immunofluorescence to evaluate the expression of 5-HT and transgelin protein. Tissues were incubated with primary antibodies (overnight, 4 °C): Part of transgelin, anti-transgelin protein antibody (SM22-alpha-antibody-ab14106) (green, Southern Biotech) was added to the tissue sections for 18 hours at 4 °C. An Alexa Fluor® 488-conjugated goat anti-rabbit IgG polyclonal was used as the secondary antibody(1:5000, Abcam, USA). DAPI (4,6-diamidino-2-phenylindole, blue, Southern Biotech) was lastly applied on the sections. Part of 5-HT, goat anti-mouse 5-HT polyclonal primary antibody(1:500, Abcam, USA) were added to the tissue sections, and then rabbit anti-mouse Chromogranin A polyclonal antibody(1:5000, Abcam, USA) were used. Each of the sections were washed three times with 1 × PBS for 5 minutes and incubated 60 minutes with fluorochrome-conjugated secondary antibodies (5-HT, green; CgA, red) diluted to 2 μg/mL in PBS in the dark. DAPI (4,6-diamidino-2-phenylindole, blue, Southern Biotech) was lastly applied on the sections. We observed and photographed with a fluorescence microscope (Lycra, Germany) for 5-HT and confocal microscopy for transgelin (Nikon, Japan). For 5-HT and CgA staining, numbers of positively-stained puncta were scored blindly, normalized to a field of intestinal mucosa using Image-Pro Plus software, and then averaged across biological replicates.
ELISA analysis
The 5-HT levels were detected in supernatant of colon tissue homogenates by ELISA according to the manufacturer's instructions. Appropriate amount of mouse colon tissue was through homogenate, centrifugation to get the supernatant. Sample wells and blank wells were set up to be measured. Meanwhile the three repeat wells were set up. The absorbance at 450 nm (OD value) was measured. The linear regression equation was calculated according to the concentration of the standard and the corresponding OD value of the standard curve, and then the sample OD value of the corresponding 5-HT concentration (ng/ml) was calculated.
Real-time PCR analysis
Total RNA of the intestinal tissues or Caco-2 cells was extracted using the RNeasy mini kit (TIANGEN, Carlsbad, CA, USA), and cDNA reverse transcription was applied for using the TIANScript RT Kit (TIANGEN, Inc. Beijing, China) according to the manufacturer's instructions. The Oligonucleotide primers for target genes were shown as follows: GAPDH, (glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase, 5′-AGGTCGGTGTGAACGGATTTG-3′ and 5′-TGTAGACCATGTAGTTGAGGTCA-3′), SERT (5′-TGG GCG CTC TAC TAC CTC AT -3′ and 5′-ATGTTGTCCTGGGCGAAGTA-3′) and MUC2 (5′-TCGCCCAAGTCGACA CTCA-3′ and 5′-GCAAATAGCCATAGTACAGTTACACAGC-3′). The 2−ΔΔCt was used to calculate relative mRNA expression.
Western blot analysis
The lysates from the colon tissues or Caco-2 cells were solubilized using RIPA buffer supplemented with protease inhibitors (Solarbio, Beijing, China) and homogenized. And then protein was electrophoresed on a 10% Tris gel with running buffer; then it was blotted to PVDF membrane. Membranes were blocked with nonfat milk and incubated overnight with primary antibodies, anti-SERT antibody (1:1000, Abcam, USA) with anti-β-actin antibody (1:5000, Abcam, USA). Immunoreactive bands were detected after incubation with secondary antibodies (1:5000, EARTHOX, USA). Proteins were quantified densitometrically using Image J software.
16 sRNA pyrosequencing analysis
Fecal DNA was extracted from stool samples of the two groups according to the E.Z.N.A method. Stool DNA Kit QIAamp DNA Stool Mini Kit (Omega Bio-Tek, Norcross, GA, USA) following to the manufacturer's guidelines. Specific primers with barcode targeting V3-V4 hypervariable region of the 16 S rRNA gene were used for PCR amplification in triplicate64, 65. The Miseq library was constructed and sequenced on the Illumina 2 × 300 bp MiSeq platform after amplification. The optimizing sequences were usually mapped into operational taxonomic units (OTUs) and picked at 97% similarity in Mothur (version v.1.30.1)66, 67. Based on the results of OTUs, community diversity was estimated by Shannon and Simpson index. Similarities were shown by dendrogram among the samples. Principal component analysis (PCA) was carried on the resulting matrix of distances between the two groups.
Statistical analysis
Statistical analysis was performed on SPSS 22.0 (SPSS, Chicago, IL, USA). Measurement data were expressed as mean ± SD. Differences were tested by one- way ANOVA for paired samples. The results of small intestine advancement test were compared by Chi-square test and corrected by Fisher's. P value < 0.05 was defined as statistically significant.
Lance Stephenson teetered on the edge of insane and unstoppable during the third quarter of Game 2 of the Eastern Conference finals on Tuesday.
The Heat had no answer for the Pacers' young combo guard to begin the second half, and it appeared as though Stephenson's energy alone would will the Pacers one game closer to ending the Miami's dreams of three NBA championships in a row. If the Heat was going to steal a game at Bankers Life Fieldhouse, Stephenson had to be stopped.
At the beginning of the fourth quarter, the Heat made a surprising adjustment to deal with Stephenson's hot hand and surging confidence, and it proved to be one of the differences in the game. LeBron James challenged reserve point guard Norris Cole to square off against Stephenson defensively, and the unexpected adjustment worked to perfection. Stephenson entered the fourth quarter with 23 points, but was limited to 1-of-3 shooting for two points in the final period.
“I was just ready to take the challenge, and we felt that this was the right matchup out there,” Cole said. “We were able to take the pick-and-roll out of it.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
The switch also allowed Dwyane Wade to focus on Paul George defensively and for LeBron James to harass the Pacers' point guard, George Hill.
Wade forced a key turnover on George with 3 minutes 05 seconds left in the game that led directly to the Heat's seven-point lead. A minute earlier, James and Chris Bosh combined to force Pacers center Roy Hibbert into a bad pass, and then James followed his 18-foot jumper with a block on a three-point attempt by Hill.
“Norris had a very good game for us,” Wade said. “He is one of those guys that, he loves to play defense, and he did a great job on Lance, making it tough for him in the second half. So we're versatile when Norris is out there with the way he guards pick-and-rolls and how low he is to the ground as well. So, he did a phenomenal job.”
Cole also came through offensively. His three-pointer in the third quarter helped cut the Pacers' lead to one point entering the final period. He then swished a three-pointer with 10:45 left in the game to give the Heat a 67-65 lead. Earlier, Cole entered in the first quarter and helped settle the Heat's offense after a choppy start.
Cole finished the game with 11 points, and played every minute of the fourth quarter. Only Wade and James scored more points for the Heat in Game 2. The Heat and Pacers now have three days off before Game 3 of the Eastern Conference finals on Saturday. With the series tied at one game apiece, the Heat needs only to win its home games — Games 3, 4 and 6 — to advance to the NBA Finals.
Cole said James' leadership in the final period provided an important boost of confidence for the young point guard. Cole prides himself as being one of the NBA's best on-ball perimeter defenders, and his talent did the rest.
Only in his third season, Cole's work ethic and professionalism already is well known around the league. The former Cleveland State star spends hours studying the offensive tendencies of his opponents, and that attention to detail has helped in the postseason when every possession is important.
On Stephenson, Cole pointed out after the game that “you can tell when he is in a rhythm because he likes to dribble with the ball high.”
“I switched on him a few times and we just stayed with it,” Cole said. “Kind of like if it's not broke, then don't change it. I could tell he was frustrated because his aggression went down.”
James' decisive fourth-quarter chess move could be a matchup problem for the Pacers for the remainder of the series.
“I believe that he'll be a good matchup on Stephenson, even though Stephenson is a bigger guy,” James said. “He's going to get some shots over him. He's going to make some plays, but I think Norris can lock in on him.”
The sobering reality of tennis costs
istock Millions and millions of dollars are available in the sport of tennis, but not all players are reaping the benefits of it.
PARIS -- Coco Vandeweghe boarded a Lufthansa flight from the U.S. to Marrakech in April for the Grand Prix SAR La Princesse Lalla Meryem, the season's only WTA tournament in Africa. She stepped onto the clay court for her first-round match against Myrtille Georges and quickly took a 4-1 lead in the first set. And then she sprained her ankle while sliding on the clay, injuring herself so badly that she was forced to retire from the tournament and also withdraw from her next scheduled tournament the following week in Portugal.
She called her travel agent to change her flight plans, checked out of her hotel and returned to California. She estimates that the travel costs for her and her coach (whose expenses she also was responsible for) were at least $4,000.
And her winnings in the Marrakech tournament?
$530.
Matthew Stockman/Getty Images Coco Vandeweghe is among those players who need to worry about the cost of travel.
"Tennis is not a cheap sport and outside of the Grand Slams, I don't think there is enough money in regular tournaments. The payout to cover expenses is not even remotely close to the reality of things," Vandeweghe said. "The money hasn't changed much and the cost to fly anywhere has risen to enormous levels. How are we supposed to compete with that with the job we have? Especially now that they're putting a lot more tournaments in China.
"It's crazy."
For those at the top, tennis can be a very lucrative sport, what with the prize money -- the French Open will pay $2.25 million to each winner -- and the many endorsement and commercial opportunities. But not everyone is Maria Sharapova with her own high-end, gluten-free candy. And the expenses can be exorbitant.
For example, Vandeweghe's uncle, Kiki, didn't make LeBron James money playing in the NBA in the 1980s and early '90s ($5 million over seven seasons), but it was a substantial amount back then. More importantly, he didn't have to pay for his flights, lodging or coaches, either.
Nor did his teams frequently need to fly to France, Spain, Italy, Germany or Australia.
Bethanie Mattek-Sands did not play in this year's French Open because of injuries, but last year her travel itinerary included flights from Phoenix to Australia, Thailand, India, Doha, Dubai and Malaysia, back home, then on to Miami, Indian Wells, Charleston, Stuttgart, Madrid, Rome and then Paris and Wimbledon. And that was just the first six months of the year.
Her husband, Justin, often travels with her and he estimated their annual travel expenses are easily $125,000. Other players agreed that's a realistic figure for Americans. "It's anywhere from 60 grand to 100 grand per person," Alison Riske said. "And if you carry a coach with you, it's going to be the same amount. It's a pricey endeavor, that's for sure."
"It costs a LOT," said Sloane Stephens' mother, Sybil Smith. "Especially in the juniors. Same amount of tournaments, same amount of traveling. But you're not making money in the juniors. And you're doing that for so long to make it to the senior level, it's so expensive."
Indeed. A Washington Post feature on Francis Tiafoe estimated roughly $400,000 has been invested in the 16-year-old's career through scholarships at the Junior Champions Tennis Center and aid from the USTA. That's necessary because his parents simply can't afford the expenses ... or even go see him play in tournaments. They are immigrants from Sierra Leone who work multiple jobs just to make ends meet. His father even lived in a spare storage room at the tennis center in College Park, Maryland, where he was a maintenance worker.
"Without sponsors, I definitely would not be here," Tiafoe said. "I thank them a lot. USTA helps me out a lot, the Tennis Center. I can't thank them enough. Without them I wouldn't have a chance to be here at all. I will say thank you to them a million times. Hopefully, I can keep getting better and they can keep paying for my travels."
Riske says she planned to go to Vanderbilt but then a family friend with his own business generously volunteered to cover the travel expenses for her and her sister (who coached her then) on the pro tour. "He was definitely my angel," she said.
The general view is that players ranked in the top 100 make enough money to cover their expenses and also earn a comfortable living. Mattek-Sands, currently ranked No. 84, had a good 2013, earning nearly $500,000. But with injuries, she has only played enough to earn $89,000 this year (though she hasn't had to travel quite as much, either).
"I think she's had some pretty good years," Justin Sands said at last year's French Open. "We're very comfortable. You would love to be pulling in the stuff that Roger Federer and Sharapova do but it's all what you make of it. You live within your means as best you can. It is an expensive sport. There are those weeks where you're out in the first round and you're spending money on coaching and traveling and all that -- it takes its toll. But it all comes out in the end."
At least it does when you win enough.
Something too often overlooked these days is that players aren't just trying to beat an opponent -- they're also trying to earn a living. By melting down against Sharapova after winning the first set 6-1 Tuesday, Garbine Muguruza not only cost herself a trip to the French Open semifinal, but $261,000, as well.
"I would be lying if I said I didn't think [after a match], 'That's an extra so-many grand right there,'" Riske said. "But that's exciting. That's part of what drives you, too. Obviously, that's what makes the world go round and to continue on the tour, you need the finances. It's nice to get a win here and there in the bigger events."
Ask Kiki Bertens. The Dutch player entered Roland Garros ranked 148th in the world and had earned just over $600,000 in five years on the tour. Then she advanced to the fourth round here, earning $170,000. "It's pretty good for me, I think," she said.
Tournaments do generally pay a per diem to cover hotel costs and tennis players are a bit like the George Clooney character in the movie "Up in the Air," collecting as many airline miles and hotel points as possible. Naturally, they prefer the nicer hotels. "You want to be comfortable and ready to compete," Riske said. "You don't want to stay at the Super 8. It's an investment for sure."
When Andrea Petkovic was starting out, though, she couldn't always afford a hotel. She remembers staying at a youth hostel in England for one small tournament.
"Next to me were 25 boys celebrating something, I don't know what," Petkovic said. "They kept singing English songs for the whole night. And I had to play next day at 10:00 in the morning.
"Well, I lost."
Well, that is what happens when you can't afford to stay at a Holiday Inn Express.
Matthew Stockman/Getty Images It costs Bethanie Mattek-Sands well over $100,000 to travel on a yearly basis.
The lesser tournaments give lucrative incentives to get the marquee names to show up, but the low-level players have to scrap for everything they can get.
"Especially the people below 100 -- they have to find tournaments to play in and not every tournament goes well," Vandeweghe said. "If you're making $500 a week and you're paying at least $2,000 to come to Europe and back and you don't get past the first round, you've just lost $1,000. And that's just the plane. Not counting food or cab to the airport or anything."
For such players, she says, "Money is always going out of your pocket."
Vandeweghe lost in the second round here, but the good news is her trip to Roland Garros still was far more lucrative than her trip to Marrakech. By reaching the second round, she earned roughly $57,000 -- more than 100 times what she earned in Marrakech -- bringing her year's winnings to more than $125,000, or what some consider the break-even point for annual expenses. She is 22, has risen to No. 91 and the future looks bright indeed.
But if this tennis thing doesn't work out, she could always become a travel agent what with her experience on the tour.
"No, I want no part of that," Vandeweghe said. "I call my agent around midnight his time and say, 'I need a flight. Tomorrow! Get me out of here! I need a flight to the next tournament!' Especially when I was in Marrakech. 'I need to get home. I need to get X-rays. I need to get my ankle treated. I need to find out what's really going on!' And he's like working on it, trying to finagle it, figuring out the best way to get me back to the U.S.
"He hates my guts sometimes."
Apps that promise mental health counseling, therapy or even just an empathetic ear are on the rise. But how do you know if they might work for you?
One recent survey of studies and other information from the University of Bolton in the U.K. "shows the promising and emerging efficacy of using mobile apps and SMS text messaging" as mobile health interventions, according to the abstract.
The National Institute of Mental Health notes on its website that thousands of mental health apps are available. In some circumstances, they can be simple and effective, with advantages including lower cost and an introduction to different kinds care, according to the NIMH.
But "there are no review boards, checklists, or widely accepted rules for choosing a mental health app," NIMH points out. Most apps aren't peer-reviewed, and it's unlikely each "will go through a randomized, controlled research trial to test effectiveness."
One aspect attracting consumers: Mobile health companies such as American Well, BetterHelp and 7 Cups of Tea often charge less than traditional in-person sessions with psychologists, though insurance is less likely to cover them, according to the American Psychological Association.
New study links phone use and mental health issues in teens
A 2016 National Alliance on Mental Illness survey found 80 percent of respondents were more likely to have difficulty finding a therapist who would accept their insurance compared with other types of specialty medical care. That may make apps that promise low-cost plans, such as $79 a session or $150 a month, attractive to investigate.
The potential market is considerable. Globally, behavioral health care as a whole was valued at $75.4 billion in 2016 and is projected to rise to $88.1 billion in 2022, according to researcher Frost & Sullivan. It defines the market to include drugs, neuromodulation devices, mobile health, smartphone apps, wearables, telehealth, virtual reality and behavioral health. About 18 percent of health care apps targeted depression in 2015, Frost & Sullivan said.
Since 2013, tech companies working on mental health and wellness have attracted $625 million in venture capital funding, according to research firm CB Insights. At the current rate, funding for private mental health companies is expected to reach a record $237 million this year.
Just how you use such tools and under what circumstances are important, said Dr. Lynn Bufka, associate executive director for practice research and policy the American Psychological Association.
Whether an app describes itself as providing therapy as a professional medical service is a top concern for professionals, Bufka said. That's partly because psychotherapists, who must be licensed in the state where they practice, are providing health care just like a doctor's visit for any other condition.
"As a psychologist, I want to do a pretty thorough diagnostic evaluation prior to beginning psychotherapy with somebody," she said. "Personally, I would find that pretty difficult to do via an app because you're asking people to talk about things that are very difficult or challenging to do during an assessment."
Choosing an app depends on what you need. Given the lack of standards, the NIMH recommends talking to a health care provider you trust before paying for a service. Providers may have experience with how well an app works. Another tip: See what the app recommends if symptoms worsen or if there's a psychiatric emergency.
Royal family opens up about grappling with mental health issues
How the app describes its purpose is also important, APA's Bufka said.
"Are we talking about health care for a health condition? Or are we talking about support during a time of reasonable transition that many people might go through?" she asked.
For instance, if you're moving to a new city and are coping with issues of loneliness, an app that grapples with that topic might be useful. But if you have a more serious condition, like clinical depression, an app is "probably not going to be sufficient," she said.
Depression is a generally long-term disorder with ongoing consequences, more serious than feelings most people experience during typical life events. Many apps or online-only services are "pretty careful to describe what they're doing is not psychotherapy, but as a way of connecting or talking to somebody," Bufka said.
Clues to what someone needs might be relayed through nonverbal communication like voice tone or expression. That can be missed when using text messages or an app alone, Bufka said. Potential users should look for the fine print to see what an app provides and with whom.
Once a relationship between a therapist and patient is formed, though, technology can help, Bufka said. Use of videoconferencing, email or texting can help bolster existing therapy, Bufka said.
"People who provide psychotherapy would be concerned about the idea of quick messages via a platform where the people are relatively anonymous and whether that's construed as therapy or not," she said.
The NIMH provides resources on where to learn more.
Middleware giant Autodesk has announced new versions of its GameWare line, and has introduced two new products for managing artificial intelligence in games: Cognition and PopulationThe new AI products are the result of Autodesk's acquisition of certain assets (Character Control System, Digital Extra System) and staff members from Montreal-based Grip Entertainment last November.Cognition 2013 is a visual programming system and run-time engine for high-level artificial intelligence, while Population 2013 is an AI software module for Unreal Engine 3, allowing developers to create and manage large numbers of secondary characters.The Grip acquisition also resulted in enhancements to Autodesk's Kynapse 2013 AI product, which has a new pathfinding mode enabling characters to navigate around changing environmental conditions by dynamically updating pathdata based on a level's aggregates of dynamic objects.Autodesk has also revealed Scaleform 4.1, a new version of its video game user interface solution, with new features and enhancements targeting mobile game development, a new version of its Analyzer for Memory and Performance tool, and more.The company will also put out its lighting middleware Beast 2013, now with live scene authoring and other additions; and its character animation middleware HumanIK 2013, which has simplified access to its two-bone IK solver, a new shoulder solver, and more.All of these Autodesk products are expected to release this spring.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Farmer Ian Conway shows Simon Reeve how to catch a camel
Australia is famous for its wildlife - kangaroos, koalas and numerous species of snakes and spiders - but it is also home to the world's largest herd of camels. There are about 750,000 roaming wild in the outback and they cause a host of problems.
Camels were imported to Australia in the 19th century from Arabia, India and Afghanistan for transport and heavy work in the outback.
But when the internal combustion engine came along and they were no longer needed, several thousand were released into the wild.
With no natural predators and vast sparsely-populated areas in which to roam, the camels have flourished and are having a huge impact on the wilderness.
"One of the biggest problems is that they drink large amounts of water. They gulp down gallons at a time and cause millions of pounds worth of damage to farms and waterholes which are used to water stock. They also drink dry waterholes belonging to the Aborigines," says explorer and writer Simon Reeve.
"Camels are almost uniquely brilliant at surviving the conditions in the outback. Introducing them was short-term genius and long-term disaster."
Lyndee Severin runs a one-million-acre ranch west of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory that has been overrun by the camels.
Find out more The world's largest camel herd is among the stories on Australia with Simon Reeve, which is broadcast on BBC2 on 19 May at 21:00 BST. Or watch on BBC iPlayer
"They do a lot of damage to infrastructure for us, so there's a lot of damage to fences. They break tanks, they break pumps, they break pipes, they break fences - fences have been our biggest concern," she says.
But her concern is not confined to her own business - the camels put pressure on native Australian species by reducing food sources and destroying their habitats.
"They will just take everything in the landscape and if they destroy the trees and eat the grasses there are no kangaroos, no emus, no small birds if there are no trees, no reptiles," she says.
Severin and her team shoot the beasts, often from helicopters, and leave them to rot where they fall. "It's not something that we enjoy doing, but it's something that we have to do."
Camels roam freely across an area of 3.3 million sq km (1.3 million sq miles) encompassing the states of Western Australia, South Australia and Queensland, as well as the Northern Territory. They are mainly Dromedaries, but some are Bactrian camels.
Humans have introduced dozens of species into Australia - including wild horses, pigs, goats, dogs, cats, rabbits and foxes - and these have now become a major problem for the ecosystem.
Image caption Helicopters and modified off-road vehicles are used to round up the camels.
In 2010 the Australian government endorsed a control plan, the Australian Feral Camel Management Project, which aimed to reduce camel densities through culling and mustering the animals for sale.
Between 2001 and 2008 it was estimated there were up to a million feral camels in the outback, but thousands were culled under the project.
Animals Australia, a pressure group, described this as a "bloodbath".
For its part, RSPCA Australia says it would support a national approach to feral camel management, only if "the programmes are clearly explained and justified... and use the most humane methods available".
But many farmers feel that they do not have much choice - and must do what they can with or without a national programme. The economic cost of grazing land loss and damage by feral camels has been estimated at 10m Australian dollars (£6.6m).
"Killing them seems a tragic waste to many of us but the sheer logistics involved mean there is little choice. It is an issue I find more and more as I travel around the world. Humans introduce animals into fragile ecosystems. What do we do about it?" says Reeve, who is presenting a new series on Australia for BBC television.
"It's not enough for us to stand back and say I can't bear to see animals being killed. If we are going to make ourselves gods by meddling with an ecosystem then we have to take the responsibility to sort it out."
Ian Conway, who runs the 1,800 sq km Kings Creek cattle ranch, also near Alice Springs, believes there is a better way of managing their numbers - rounding camels up and selling them for their meat.
Camels range over a vast area and can travel more than 40 miles in a day, so his team uses a helicopter to spot "mobs" of camels. They are then rounded up using heavily-modified off-road vehicles and put into a holding pen, before being sold to the Middle East.
Conway, who has been mustering animals for more than 40 years, says: "There's no difference to camel and beef, in fact to a lot of people who live on camel like we do, prefer it to beef."
Some are also sold as riding camels, he adds.
"The Saudis are always interested in them but they are looking for a specific camel. I've got a bloke who wants beauty camels at the moment. The bulls are no good. They like the cows because of their thin heads, but the cows have got to have their lips hanging, for what reason I don't know," says Conway.
Read more How to judge a camel beauty contest
The outrage over suggestions Australia should import elephants and other creatures into the wild
The helicopter cowboys of the outback who round up cattle from the air
The most common misconceptions about Australia
He thinks a round-up is more humane than the alternative.
"They just shoot them and nothing is done with them. We don't know if they lay there for days. I'd like them to come into the yard like this and be sold as meat or riding camels," he says.
In many outback areas it is not cost-effective to round up and sell the camels.
But Conway is convinced that with the right investment this could become a profitable way of protecting ranches and the environment.
Watch Australia with Simon Reeve on BBC2 on 19 May at 21:00 BST or afterwards on BBC iPlayer..
Story highlights About 10,000 people join a rally in support of ERT workers, police say
"We are in a state of shock. The news is overwhelming," says an ERT journalist
New unemployment figures show another increase, to 27.4% overall
A new radio and TV broadcaster will be set up with fewer staff, government says
Greek workers rallied in central Athens on Thursday after unions called a general strike to protest the government's sudden decision to halt activities at the country's state broadcaster.
Thousands gathered outside the headquarters of the broadcaster, ERT, whose TV channels and radio services were pulled off the air overnight Tuesday to Wednesday.
Government officials are defending the decision as a necessary budget-cutting move as the country struggles with a debt mountain, soaring unemployment and a lengthy recession.
There was more bad news Thursday, as new figures showed the unemployment rate rising higher.
Overall unemployment reached 27.4% in the first quarter of 2013, according to the Greek Statistics Agency, up from 26% in the last quarter of 2012, and 22.6% a year ago.
The strike action has affected all public transportation in the capital and threatened some disruption to flights.
JUST WATCHED Tourism a lifeline for Greece Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Tourism a lifeline for Greece 02:59
JUST WATCHED How to turn around Greek jobless crisis Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH How to turn around Greek jobless crisis 03:31
JUST WATCHED Mission to restore Greece's reputation Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Mission to restore Greece's reputation 04:10
JUST WATCHED China increasing investment in Greece Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH China increasing investment in Greece 01:07
The sudden shutdown of ERT has prompted fear among many Greeks that other public sector employers could be next.
Inside the ERT building, where some journalists are still broadcasting via the Internet, the mood is grim.
"We are in a state of shock. The news is overwhelming," Rena Dimitriou, on the foreign desk, told CNN. "We feel insulted by our government, by our prime minister.
"We feel angry and we feel that we are being terrorized by our government. ... For me personally I feel lost, but in a case that is not lost. I've been working here for 21 years now and it feels as if my life has reached a dead end. It means a new beginning but I don't know how this will be possible.
"Also I feel embarrassed. Profound dismay. Right now thousands of people don't know what comes next. And all this overnight."
Dimitriou is also concerned about the impact on the Greek diaspora and those living in border areas, "who have now lost their connection with the motherland" and must rely on privately owned media for news.
'No prospects'
In the newsroom, journalists who would normally have been working on broadcasts are turning their hands to sweeping, cleaning up and, they say, making sure that public property is not destroyed.
Zeta Kontaxi, who has worked at ERT for 19 years, said she never expected to see the events of the past two days -- and she fears for the future.
"Being here for 19 years is part of my existence and suddenly this comes to a grinding halt overnight," she said. "We already had a 38% salary cut since 2010, so I have used all of my savings and now I find myself in a situation with no money and no job and no prospects of employment, when unemployment figures in Greece stand at 27%."
The General Confederation of Greek Workers and the Civil Servants Confederation oppose the decision and called for industrial action through the day Thursday.
Their support helped swell the number of demonstrators outside the ERT headquarters, estimated at about 10,000 by Athens police.
Among the protesters was Giorgos Louvrikos, a 21-year-old law student from Patras who is studying in Athens.
"What the government has done is no better than what Erdoğan is doing in Turkey. Suppressing people's voices," he said, referring to the crackdown on protests in Istanbul and elsewhere.
Prime Minister Antonis Samaras described ERT Wednesday as a "symbol of waste and lack of transparency" that needed to be changed.
But the decision to abruptly shut down the broadcaster, which has been in operation since 1938, has sparked division within the coalition government.
Samaras, leader of the center-right New Democracy party, is due to meet with the other two party leaders in the coalition on Monday, when the question will be discussed.
No room for 'sacred cows'
Government spokesman Simos Kedikoglou cited chronic corruption and mismanagement of funds as reasons the broadcaster was closed down, at least temporarily.
"At a time when the Greek people are enduring sacrifices, there is no room for delay, hesitation or tolerance for sacred cows," Kedikoglou said in announcement shown on the broadcaster.
ERT has said the decision means 2,656 employees will lose their jobs.
To meet its commitments to its creditors -- the European Commission, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund -- the Greek government has to dismiss 2,000 people from the wider public sector by the end of the year and 15,000 by the end of 2014.
Kedikoglou said a new television and radio broadcaster would open with a much smaller staff, with existing employees able to apply for new positions.
A "modern television and radio broadcaster will be established that will operate as soon as possible," he said.
An exact time frame for the new organization has not been announced, but a government spokesman said the new broadcaster should be operational before the end of the summer.
The General Secretariat of Information and Communication said the new state broadcaster would be called the Organization of Modern State Television.
Journalists dismayed
The European Commission said Wednesday it had not sought the closure of ERT, "but nor does the Commission question the Greek Government's mandate to manage the public sector."
It added that the commission "supports the role of public broadcasting as an integral part of European democracy."
Reporters Without Borders expressed dismay over what it said was a "bizarre" decision by the government to shut down ERT's activities while carrying out the overhaul of its services.
"Greece has fallen almost 50 places in the past three years in the Reporters Without Borders press freedom index, a record fall in such a short period for a European Union member state," a statement said.
"The reasons include violence against reporters covering anti-austerity demonstrations, which goes completely unpunished, and threats against journalists and other news providers by the Golden Dawn party's neo-Nazis.
"Against this backdrop, the closure of ERT's TV stations has dealt a devastating blow to pluralism and freedom of information in Greece."
Greek lawmakers agreed in April to cut thousands of government workers to secure another €8.8 billion ($11.5 billion) in international bailout funds.
One of the big new releases in Japan this week was Etrian Odyssey V. On Thursday, Atlus finally brought out the 3DS title.
Etrian Odyssey V's launch was accompanied by a review in Famitsu. From four editors, it earned scores of “8”, “9”, “9”, and “9”. Adding it all up, that's 35 out of 40.
We have a complete translation of Famitsu's Etrian Odyssey V review. Head past the break to read it in full.
Reviewer 1 – 8 It's fun to create and train a character based on your personal taste and it is interesting to explore while mapping a dungeon, so the charm of the series is as strong as ever. Moreover, this title feels really fresh due to adding the concept of race and reforming classes and appearing monsters. Some elements that were in the previous game are missing, like sailing and the airship, but because of that the game is specialized in the main dungeon exploration and you can immerse into it so that you forget time. Reviewer 2 – 9 I'm glad that the degree of freedom has been increased a lot in the character creator, as you can finely tune hair, eye and skin color in addition to the added race element. Exploration hasn't seen big changes in fundamental parts, but classes have been renewed, so you can enjoy the adventure with a fresh feel. There are plenty of mini events that occur inside a labyrinth and it is good that they add some thrill and excitement. Learnable Master Skills differ because of the “two names” system, so it is nice that training is worth the trouble. Reviewer 3 – 9 There are plenty of mini events that occur in labyrinths. Obtained experience points and items change based on your behavior, so they are exciting every time. Such events in labyrinths, conversations with people in towns and the world have been created carefully, so you can have a real feeling of being an adventurer. The level of freedom in character customization is also high. Skills have the two aspects of race and class, so the breadth of training has been expanded. It is also easy to proceed smoothly in combat. Reviewer 4 – 9 This title has wide breadth and various gameplay that every player can appreciate, like character creating that has finer settings than up until now, creating a party based on class and race combinations, and character customization by the means of skills and “two names” system. On the other hand, there are lots of things to remember and it also feels a little complicated. All sorts of mini events occur inside labyrinths and it is a great mechanism as it makes it hard to take things slowly. Overall the tempo is good and you can enjoy the game smoothly.
Thanks for making it to the end of this post! If you use any of this translation, please be sure to properly source Nintendo Everything. Do not copy its full contents.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Vancouver Symphony Orchestra's music director, Maestro Bramwell Tovey says compositions stolen from his SUV's trunk. (Vancouver Symphony Orchestra) The music director for the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra says someone stole two irreplaceable pieces of music from his vehicle's trunk after a special pre- Remembrance Day concert in downtown Vancouver on Saturday night.
Bramwell Tovey is learning a painful lesson that the worst thing a thief can take from a musician is his music.
On Saturday night, Tovey who is a Grammy and Juno award-winning composer and conductor, led the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra in a performance of the 'War Requiem'.
"It was a pretty amazing evening— three international soloists, packed house, at the end of it I was feeling pretty elated," said Tovey.
After the performance, Tovey felt like celebrating and came to the upscale Wedgewood Hotel and left his Volvo sports utility vehicle with the valet.
Baton case stolen
Later when he got home, he realized his case which holds his maestro batons and two music compositions were gone as well as other personal items.
Composer/conductor Bramwell Tovey carrying stolen baton case which was purchased in 1972 from Guivier's in London. (Bramwell Tovey/Twitter)
"It was pouring rain so I didn't check the trunk," said Tovey. "We got home here and I opened the trunk and no case."
The compositions include two precious pieces of music. One piece had over 30 years worth of Tovey's notes on it and the other was a new piece that was almost completed—a string quartet manuscript. It was set to premiere this Friday, Nov.14.
He says his wife helped him search downtown alleyways near dozens of dumpsters but they found nothing.
Tovey has two-thirds of his latest composition backed up on his computer, but he's now had to work around the clock to rewrite the ending.
"It is a lot of work," he said.
"It's a bit like decorating your kitchen and then the kids throw another colour over your wall and then you have to paint it all over again."
Tovey is offering a reward to anyone who finds his music.
Earlier this month, we reported on the divide amongst Frank Zappa's children over a Kickstarter campaign aiming to raise funds for an official documentary and to “save the vault” holding all of Frank's archival materials. Today, the New York Times reports the family feud runs deep and has led guitarist Dweezil Zappa to change the name of his Zappa Plays Zappa tribute project.
Zappa Plays Zappa will now be known as “Dweezil Zappa Plays Frank Zappa.” Dweezil discussed the decision with the Times noting, “It doesn't exactly roll off the tongue, but this is being done under duress.” Ahmet Zappa, another of Frank's offspring, took over control of the Zappa Family Trust with his sister Diva following Gail Zappa's death last year. The Times reports the ZFT owns the trademark to Zappa Plays Zappa.
Ahmet, through the trust, recently informed Dweezil he couldn't use the name anymore and “that he risked copyright infringement damages of $150,000 each time he played a song without proper permission.” Dweezil told the Times, “My last name is Zappa; my father was Frank Zappa, but I am not allowed to use the name on its own. I'm not allowed to use a picture of him. I'm not allowed to use my own connection with him without some sort of deal to be struck.”
Dweezil Zappa also revealed his intention to stop using images of his father at his shows and to stop selling official FZ merch on tour. Ahmet weighed in and told the Times, “I am not standing in the way of Dweezil playing the music, he would just have to be in accordance with the family trust.” According to Dweezil and the Times, Gail Zappa had charged him an “exorbitant fee” to use the Zappa Plays Zappa names in the past. Head to NYTimes.com for more about this unfortunate situation.
The news: Rock star economist Thomas Piketty's book Capital in the Twenty-First Century, published last spring, is still making waves and ruffling feathers, including that of a certain billionaire: Bill Gates.
Gates, one of the richest individuals alive, wrote on his blog on Monday that he agreed with Piketty's assertion that income and wealth inequality are bad — but that the current economic situation in America is not nearly as bad as Piketty claims it to be.
"I fully agree that we don't want to live in an aristocratic society in which already-wealthy families get richer simply by sitting on their laurels and collecting what Piketty calls 'rentier income,'" Gates wrote. "But I don't think America is anything close to that."
"Contrary to Piketty's rentier hypothesis, I don't see anyone on the list whose ancestors bought a great parcel of land in 1780 and have been accumulating family wealth by collecting rents ever since," he added.
We'd like to direct Mr. Gates' attention to this graph. If you had any doubts as to the concentration of American wealth, look no further than this graph from a new working paper by economists Emannuel Saez and Gabriel Zucman, past collaborators of Piketty's:
According to Saez and Zucman, around 16,000 families controlled 11% of America's wealth in 2012. That's not even the top 1% — that's the top 0.01%.
And as Piketty has previously pointed out, "It's much easier to spot large entrepreneurial wealth than large inherited wealth. Large inherited wealth typically takes the form of a more diversified portfolio, whereas large entrepreneurial wealth, when you have created a Microsoft or Facebook, it's difficult to hide." In other words, just because you can't see inherited wealth, doesn't mean it isn't there.
For more on inherited wealth inequality, you can watch this thoroughly demoralizing explainer, courtesy of Vox's Ezra Klein:
As Klein points out, the Walton family of Wal-Mart fame is a prime example of how inherited wealth keeps vast fortunes among a select few: The family's combined wealth equals that of the bottom 42% of Americans combined.
We'll see if Gates can explain that one.
From the lost utopia of Atlantis to the brimming golds of El Dorado, there are many mythical cities and lands that stories tell us about. There are even some mythical cities that turned out to be actual places, like the city of Troy. But going back further in time, into the ancient and primitive past of humans and even past that, we encounter lost lands that tell us tales of how the creatures of Earth moved and migrated.
One example would be the Bering Land Bridge that might have been used by ancient humans to migrate from Asia to the Americas, the first groups to settle in the Americas about 20,000 years ago. Even larger than that, there used to exist land masses the size of countries and continents. Of those larger masses included Zealandia, which was recently drilled into by scientists to get a better understanding of what it was and the role it played when it existed.
Zealandia
Zealandia was a continent that was part of Gondwana, a supercontinent that existed 200 million years ago. About 85-120 million years ago, Zealandia separated from Antarctica and then separated from Australia about 60 – 85 million years ago. Zealandia was named by Bruce Luyendyk in 1995 as a collective name for New Zealand, the Chatham Rise, Campbell Plateau, and Lord Howe Rise. As of today, 94% of the continent has sunk and only New Zealand, New Caledonia, and other smaller peaks remain as remnants of Zealandia. As Gondwana started to break apart, Zealandia faced its end. It experienced thinning of its crust as a direct result of the supercontinent separation.
Zealandia was previously considered a microcontinent, which are fragments continents that broke off from their main continent. In fact, it was considered largest microcontinent and was more than half the size of the Australian continent. Recently this year, geologists from New Zealand, New Caledonia, and Australia studied Zealandia and concluded that it is a continent in its own right rather than a microcontinent. This classification is important because Zealandia is rarely mentioned or considered in research like those involving continental rifting and continent-ocean boundaries. The new classification might serve to encourage scientists to consider it for study, just as the researchers did here.
Research
To get a better grasp of what Zealandia was like before it sank, Jamie Allen, the program director in the U.S National Science Foundation's Divison of Ocean Sciences, and his team went on a nine-week voyage that involved drilling deep into the sunken parts of Zealandia. The team drilled over 4,000 feet into the seabed at six different sites and collected over 8,000 feet of sediment cores from layers that recorded the past 70 million years. These sediment cores are similar to those of ice cores collected from the Arctic or Antarctic. The records included the change in geography, volcanic activity, and climate of Zealandia. Given that little was known about Zealandia before, their results were significant.
According to Gerald Dickens, the co-chief scientist on the voyage hailing from Rice University, the researchers found thousands of fossils that ranged from microscopic shells of animals that lived in shallow seas to pollen and spores from plants on the land. Of the over 8,000 fossils found, hundreds were identified. This all works together to prove that Zealandia was not always the sunken continent that it is today. It used to be above the sea and thrived with life. This also could potentially explain the biodiversity of the South Pacific as Zealandia once connected the many islands and Australia to the larger mainlands. This would have allowed many different animals to migrate from what is now Asia to those land masses.
Among the other discoveries that were made, the research also highlights the creation of the Pacific Rim of Fire 40-50 million years ago as it caused changes in ocean depth, volcanic activities and the buckled Zealandia seabed. The research also seems to indicate that Zealandia was already submerged with it separated from Antarctica and Australia about 80 million years ago.
Further Research
With the sediment cores acquired, the researchers can continue to study it for additional information. Given how long of a time record it has captured, they can study the mechanics of the global climate system, tectonic plate movements, and also create computer models to understand climate change from then and now. With this research and the new classification, it is anticipated that other experiments to analyze this region will be underway.
The new classification as a continent and the initial data from this research helps to show the importance of understanding land masses that have sunken away existing land masses. The historical data they hold would be able to inform us on many things, such as the areas the researchers are currently working on and things like ancient human and animal migration patterns. These sunken land masses also help us to understand how fossils of species not native to the land they are found it got there. Places like Doggerland, that once connected England with the mainland of Europe, sank because of rising sea levels. If we could take core samples from there, it would probably be able to tell us about the climate changes that occurred since it sank in 6,500 BCE – 6,200 BCE. Given the timeline of when it sank, it might also hold valuable data on human migration patterns in that region as well.
The cost of dismissing lost or sunken land masses means that we could be blinding ourselves to valuable information like those found here. Not only that, if we continue to look for other lost land masses and study we already know about, we could uncover more secrets about the formation of the continents and the lives that thrived on them.
As wild as it is to imagine, we could find places that were once mythical. Perhaps there is more truth to Atlantis than we know. Hopefully, this expedition and others like it will encourage more funding to be funneled into these areas.
Posted by by
“Hey, are you playing solo queue tonight?”
That's just a simple question from a friend right?
Your problem is that this “simple question” has started you on a roller coaster of anxiety as you think about trying to move up the solo queue ladder.
Bad memories come flooding back as you remember
AFK's,
people raging at you, and
games you strove to carry but ended in a loss.
The feelings you have translated into being stuck, not able to think, lacking focus and questioning yourself.
The time these feelings started?
The second you thought about solo queue.
Since you do not like the feeling you get from thinking about solo queue you let your friend know you are planning to play something else instead.
The reason for that choice is you believe avoidance is the best option and not only can you give your friend reasons you also can tell yourself some such as being tired, not having your duo partner available, your fingers being cold or simply that you do not “feel” like it.
What you know inside is that you are dealing with anxiety, and that it is tied to fear.
Understanding the enemy – Ladder anxiety
Fear is what you have linked to the memory of your solo queue experiences so you don't need anyone else to tell you that you are not going to perform well, because you already believe that yourself.
Your mindset consists of believing that you will lose your solo queue games and if you win you attribute it to being carried.
You have little to no confidence in yourself and that leads to the belief that there is no use trying to move up the ladder.
That avoidance is wasting the potential you have to meet the goals you want.
That is why you need to reduce your anxiety by changing your mindset, and I am going to show you how.
Mr. Amygdala, The Natural Emote ε=ε=(っ*´□`)っ
First you need to understand the reason why you are having anxiety in solo queue.
Think back to the times where you had bad experiences in solo queue. Times when you were raged at, you played poorly, or maybe a teammate threw the game because they felt that you “did not deserve to win” which is a memory that I still have.
When we have memories our amygdala in our brain attaches emotions to those memories, and that is what causes us to have positive or negative reactions to those memories which then bleeds into our current belief about what will happen in the same setting.
You just thought of the bad experiences that you have had in solo queue, now think about positive ones that you have had.
There are more memories of negative experiences when we think of past anxiety, so it is likely hard for you to think of positives.
Attaching emotions to memories is the way our amygdala naturally operates, which is why it is important to recognize that what you are experiencing is not an error in your brain functioning.
Instead it is the result of focusing on negative thought processes and by changing the way that you interpret what you experience you will be able to reduce the amount and intensity of the anxiety that you feel from solo queue.
Before moving on to ways to reduce anxiety it is also important to recognize that anxiety in and of itself is not “bad”.
Rather it is a natural feeling that is designed to initiate change in your life.
So instead of focusing on removing all anxiety from your experience it would be better to focus on how to use your feelings of anxiety in a healthy way.
Fixing your mindset – Resilient Thinking
Before I start walking you through these techniques, I have to warn you it will feel a little strange, or off. Maybe even weird.
This is normal. I see it all the time, when my clients work through a session with me on irrational thoughts and how they are affecting their lives.
The usual body language is “Chris, I will act like I believe you so you don't give me more homework, but I really think this won't work.”
Yet a couple weeks later they finally succeed in changing their mindset, and they make huge gains in their lives.
This is normal, so when you experience this does not let it discourage you but instead let it be a compass showing you that you are on the right path, as eventually the surroundings will become more familiar and you will not even need to think about the actions but instead they will replace your previous behavior and become the new normal.
Research has shown that improving how you mentally interpret events will reduce your anxiety.
The way you do this is to first learn what it is that you think when you have one of those bad experiences.
Do you allow a loss to define who you are?
This happens when you tell yourself that you are a failure when you have a bad game and allowing that to be what your identity is rather than allowing yourself to think that you sometimes fail.
Instead of “I am a failure” try “I am a person – who sometimes fails.”
The difference between those two thought formations is that in the one you are defining who you are as a person and in the second you are acknowledging that you will make mistakes at times.
Think about that game you believed you failed at. Did you literally fail at everything you did?
Did you not walk to lane correctly? Did you miss every cs? How about not buying items? Did you do zero damage to enemy champions?
You are probably scoffing at the idea of those even being something that you should measure your success at.
Yet by having the belief that you are a failure those are some of the things that fall within that scope of thinking.
That is why it is so important to reframe your thinking and allow for mistake to be made, and instead of seeing them as how “horrible” you played you can see it as an opportunity for growth.
This is where setting measurable goals for yourself can really assist you in gaining feelings of self efficacy as you have ways to show yourself what you did well and what you can improve on.
This is the first step that I challenge you to begin practicing. To set measurable goals for yourself that you can look back and determine if you accomplished them.
Through this you will be able to see the areas that you succeeded in and those that have room for improvement.
It also sets up a structured way to develop a healthy thought pattern as you will no longer be allowing your gameplay to define who you are and you will have a reduction in anxiety as your self esteem will no longer be tied into the outcome game alone.
If you would like a spreadsheet that can assist you in logging your emotions before and after the game along with goal setting please contact me and I will be able to provide you one free of charge.
The Power Others Have Over Your Mindset
Maybe it's not that you beat yourself up by yourself but rather the anxiety that you feel is a response to what others in the game say about you.
Gaining understanding of how and why you allow others to dictate your solo queue experience will help you in mastering your own emotions.
Fear is often the driving force when you allow others to be the springboard that you use to dive into your pool of anxiety.
When you have this experience consider if you are being affected by your subconscious' use of defense mechanisms that Sigmund Freud identified in his theory of psychoanalysis.
While I do not see all of the content that Freud created in his theory as being relevant in todays society I do believe that some of his defense mechanisms can shed some light on how and why you respond during your anxiety provoking solo queue experience.
Why Freud Says You Are Defensive
Denial, Identification with the aggressor, Rationalization, and Regression
#1 Denial
What
The first unhealthy defense mechanism that I will present is a dual threat since it is one that can be done both as a result of your own thoughts and beliefs or as a response to what someone else says and that is denial.
Denial is when you deny how poorly you have been playing the game despite evidence that shows you have not been doing well.
How
Consider how many times you have chosen denial to avoid becoming the focus for the loss of a game in an effort to not experience anxiety.
In that situation there is little to nothing another person can do to help you change your way of thinking until you decide that there needs to be a new way to view your situation before, during and after your games.
Act
The way this is done is to gather evidence either for or against what you are considering to be the truth.
A key to this is to be non-judgmental when you gather that evidence and one way you can help create that atmosphere is to detach yourself from the scenario and ask yourself in a vacuum if it was a good or poor choice.
This reduces the chance that you continue the denial and you have the opportunity to gain insight into what is actually happening.
So when you watch your favorite streamer that is ranked diamond or above write down the decisions they make when they play.
Then use that information as your guide to compare and contrast the choices you make in your games to help you see the areas you can improve on.
#2 Identification with the Aggressor
What
The next harmful defense mechanism is one that I believe can be tied to how others assist in creating anxiety in your experience of solo queue is identification with the aggressor.
This happens when you have a fear of someone or their negative traits and in order to deal with that fear you become more like them.
How
The way this is applied to solo queue is when you jump in on the blame game by piling on the criticism that has been started by a teammate.
Since you fear becoming the focus of blame you decide that it is better to keep the focus on someone other than yourself so that you can overcome your fear and limit the potential that anxiety will occur.
This shows a lack of self confidence as you are allowing the fear of what someone else says to dictate your actions.
Act
Simply being aware of your actions and paying attention to your emotions can be the ticket to changing this behavior and using it as a defense mechanism.
The easiest way to stop this from happening in solo queue is to mute everyone in the game as it will not allow you to have this defense mechanism as a choice.
#3 Rationalization
What
The defense mechanism rationalization is one that can be considered a step forward from denial but is difficult to identify as its use is not as blatant.
Rationalizing happens when you take aspects of the game that are based in reality and then shift them away from you to deny any wrongdoing and to instead fit what you interpret the reason for the loss or poor play.
It could be something as simple as you're blaming your fingers being too cold which impacted your mechanics in a loss, but when you won the previous game under the same circumstances your freezing digits were not even considered.
How
When using rationalization others are often the target such as when you blame the jungler who ganked and you followed up only to lead to a double kill for the enemy.
In that scenario you rationalized that the play of your teammate was the reason for the loss of your lane and disregard your own choice to follow up that gank even though you are the only person who could have made that choice.
The reason for this is that you do not want to experience the unpleasant feeling of anxiety as the result of being a part of why things did not go well so you instead believe your own twist of reality as that is a far less painful experience.
Act
The technique to change this unhealthy way of coping is the same as denial but with the addition of radical acceptance.
Radical acceptance is not trying to find a way to change the outcome of what happened but instead focusing on what you do have control over.
You do not have control over the that failed gank any longer.
You do however have the option to accept it as an unwanted outcome and decide to play more passive until you gain some footing.
By adding radical acceptance you allow yourself an opportunity to move forward rather than staying stuck in the past.
#4 Regression
What
The last unhealthy defense mechanism that can be used to reduce anxiety in solo queue is regression.
Think about making it to the promotional series you have been working on attaining for the last three months to move up into the tier.
If that scenario produces stress and anxiety in you that's when regression can set in if you begin to play like you had when you were lower on the ladder rather than up to the standards you had shown you are capable of.
How
Think of it as regressing in your maturation as a human if a stressful situation required you to lean on someone else for complete support similar to how you relied on your caregiver when you were an infant.
Instead your solo queue scenario is you are missing cs that normally you would get in your sleep.
Act
To counteract this defense mechanism I will suggest two options that can help.
The first is to practice normal games while having the mindset that you are actually in your promotional series while focusing on relaxation strategies and recognizing the thoughts and behaviors that lead to anxiety. After you have practiced allowing your brain to believe that you are in a ranked game when it is actually a normal one I want you to do the opposite when you play in solo queue and replace the anxiety and stress that you had with focus and a sense of calm you have practiced during those normal games.
Put your shields up – don a defence mode
Anxiety is not unbeatable and by learning more about your thoughts and behaviors you can drastically change your emotional outcomes.
By recognizing that there are unhealthy ways that you try and cope with solo queue and even life you are making a great first step towards changing your behavior.
Make sure you follow it up with learning and applying new coping skills to replace the unhealthy ones that have been using.
This will create change in your anxiety levels as the emotional information that your amygdala is gathering to apply to the memory attached to solo queue will not be riddled with anxious feelings but instead of maturity and growth.
So return to solo queue with confidence that you have the power to change yourself and do not be frozen by fear and anxiety any longer.
Reference: McLeod, S. A. (2009). Defense Mechanisms. Retrieved from http://www.simplypsychology.org/defense-mechanisms.html
A Schenectady, New York, man was sentenced Wednesday to 100 years to life in prison for repeatedly raping a girl, then killing the baby after the youngster became pregnant.
Herman Robinson, 39, received the maximum sentence during an appearance before Judge Michael Coccoma in Schenectady County Court, the Albany Times Union reported.
Coccoma found Robinson guilty in April at a non-jury trial requested by the defendant. Robinson was convicted of second-degree murder, predatory sexual assault against a child and six other counts.
Prosecutors alleged Robinson began raping the girl when she was 11, fathered a baby with her when she was 14, ordered her to be quiet about the pregnancy, tried to abort the fetus, then killed the newborn right after delivering her.
The baby girl's body was never recovered, the Schenectady Gazette reported.
Before sentencing, Robinson professed his innocence.
"I am not a monster," Robinson told the court. "I'm not guilty. And I'll go to my grave believing just that."
His remarks prompted the victim, now 18, to leave the courtroom until she returned to hear sentencing, according to the Times Union.
Coccoma noted Robinson's lengthy arrest record for unrelated crimes, including assaulting a driver and fighting with police officers.
"It is my intention by imposing this sentence to end your reign of terror," Coccoma told Robinson, News10ABC reported.
Robinson's attorney said he would appeal.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Share Tweet Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
The National Border Patrol Council enthusiastically endorsed President Trump's executive orders on refugees on Sunday.
The union, which represents border patrol officers and immigration and customs enforcements, released a statement yesterday which clarifies their stance on the recent executive action.
Check it out (via Daily Mail):
‘Morale amongst our agents and officers has increased exponentially since the signing of the orders,' the statement read. ‘The men and women of ICE and Border Patrol will work tirelessly to keep criminals, terrorists, and public safety threats out of this country, which remains the number one target in the world – and President Trump's actions now empower us to fulfill this life saving mission, and it will indeed save thousands of lives and billions of dollars.'
The order specifically singled out refugees from Syria, Yemen, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, and Sudan.
The NBPC typically remains nonpartisan in the face of political issues.
This step on behalf of their agents has been described as “unprecedented.”
Share Tweet Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
DISCLAIMER: Views expressed in articles do not necessarily reflect the views held by Sarah Palin.
The author of this article has included commentary that expresses an opinion and analysis of the facts.
For many, Halloween is an excuse to play dress up and look sexy. When I saw some costumes displayed in a storefront window downtown, I decided to go to gather some costume ideas. For the ladies, they had everything from a French Maid, to a dirty cop, to a sexy stewardess, Saloon girl, cave woman, Marilyn Monroe and of course your classic sexy fairy and bumblebee looks.
For men they also had the dirty cop, the cave man, as well as the Top Gun Aviator, the classic pirate, cowboy, and superhero costumes.
All the costumes were super provocative. It was as if I had walked into a porno flick. Oops, turned out I had walked into a sex shop. The humming noise of vibrators in the background should have tipped me off. I was so focused on costumes that I hadn't look past the front display.
Halloween costume or costume play?
I decided to try my luck at a real costume store down the street. Unsurprisingly, there wasn't much difference. The pre-made costumes were also pretty terrible.
Besides looking sexy on Halloween, this is your chance to be creative. Allow your imaginations to run wild. The possibilities are endless.
Create your character without having to rely on generic, pre-made costumes.
These costumes are often expensive and many of them are the same from year to year. The last thing you want is to walk into a party with the exact same costume as five other people, since it was sold at every Halloween shop around town.
Pictured: Terrible
Go homemade or go vintage.
Some of the best costume ideas originate from your own closets. Before going out to make any purchases, see what you can put together at home. Ask to look through relatives' or friends' closets for anything unusual, or vintage.
Most of the greatest costumes require hardly any handiwork at all. If you can't find everything you need within your closet, look for ideas in second hand vintage shops and places like Value Village. Many vintage stores divide their clothing by decade and category. They also carry tons of fun accessories, and wigs. If you still have no idea what you want to be, these are great places to get ideas.
The beauty of vintage shopping is that you can pick any decade and think of an iconic character you love, such as Don and Betty Draper from Mad Men or classic icons like Humphrey Bogart, Bill Cosby or John Travolta.
And, really, what other time of year
would you be able to wear that hat?
Dynamic Duos
Another idea is to get together with a friend or two and make a duo costume. I knew these two guys who dressed up as Aladdin and his monkey, Abu. This only required two ratty vests (t-shirt with the arms cut out), billowy pants, and a small painted Styrofoam cup hat. It was funny, deceptively simple and probably one of the best and most realized costumes at the party.
If you do decide to buy a premade costume such as Batman, then at least liven things up by getting a friend at the same party to play Joker. The Mario Brothers is also a common costume that's easy to put together. You could even go with a group theme, with each of your friends dressing up as a different character.
Don't be lame
The point is that Halloween is about imagination and fun. Be scary, funny, silly, interesting, and sexy. As temping as it may be to pick up a Freddy or Jason mask, it's not the way to go. It's lame, unimaginative and you'll end up suffocating under a thick layer of rubbery plastic all night.
EAST LANSING, Mich. — Two uber drivers have been charged on sexual assault charges after two separate reports of Criminal Sexual Conduct were investigated by police.
Hassan Ibrahim and Salim Salem are both employees of the rideshare service Uber, East Lansing Police said Friday. It is unknown if the alleged incidents related to their charges happened while the men were working.
The charges that were announced this week stem from two incidents that police say occurred earlier this year.
Hassan Ibrahaim is alleged to have been involved in an incident that happened in East Lansing on February 14th. He turned himself in on March 11th on one count of CSC, 4th degree. He was given a $5,000 bond.
Police say the second individual, Salim Salem, is being charged with two counts of CSC, 4th degree stemming from an incident that happened in East Lansing on January 16th.
He turned himself in on March 15th & was given a $5,000 bond with a condition that he not work as an Uber driver or taxi/cab driver in the future.
While American shoppers celebrate Black Friday and Cyber Monday —​ the biggest sales of the year in the U.S. —​ Canadians looking to save by shopping online could face some hidden costs.
Purchasing from stores outside Canada mean shoppers get hit by duties, taxes and other fees that quickly add up.
A few examples:
A Quebec resident who spends $100 on baby clothes will pay $35.11 in duties and sales tax.
Quebec resident who A British Columbia resident who buys a tricycle worth $100 will pay another $32.16 in duties and sales tax.
A Nova Scotia resident who buys $100 in bedroom furnishings will pay 35.70 in duties and sales tax.
On top of that, Canadians can pay courier and customs brokers fees that companies charge for delivery as well as processing and collecting those duties and taxes. And since the items being ordered are priced in U.S. dollars, the exchange rate conversion to Canadian funds will add roughly 15 per cent. It can all make for a surprisingly large final bill.
A graphic showing the duties and taxes Canadians in different provinces pay for ordering $100 in goods from outside the country. (CBC) ​How much duty do you pay? That depends on the product and where it was made. Duty can cost anywhere from nothing to, in some cases, upwards of 100 per cent of the cost of the item.
The Senate finance committee recommended nearly two years ago that the government look at raising the minimum a Canadian can have shipped over the border before they have to pay duties. That's known as the de minimis threshold: it kicks in at $20, which is one of the strictest thresholds in the world.
Previous Next
The Senate committee isn't the only group that has suggested upping the threshold.
Online auction site eBay told the House finance committee this fall that Canada should raise the threshold to $200, which would be on par with the limit Americans face and the same limit that's applied to Canadians who spend a day outside the country for their purchases (though Congress is considering raising the American limit to $800 US).
A graphic comparing duties charged for goods shipped to consumers from outside their country of residence. (CBC) The de minimis threshold in Canada was $40 until 1992, when it was lowered following pressure from Canadian retailers and mail-order firms to level the playing field.
Karl Littler, a spokesman for the Retail Council of Canada, says consumers should bear in mind that they'd be paying anywhere from five to 15 per cent sales tax depending on which Canadian province in which they shop.
"If people are buying online and those goods are waived through scot-free, then that's going to be really, really difficult for Canadian bricks and mortar retailers to compete with," Littler said.
"Retail's a tough business and retailers do what they can to offer the best price, but to compete with one hand tied behind your back is going to be very difficult."
CBC News Network's Power & Politics convened Conservative MP James Rajotte, chair of the House of Commons finance committee, NDP industry critic Peggy Nash and Liberal finance critic ScottBrison to debate raising the threshold.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption David Cameron and Donald Tusk at an earlier summit
EU leaders have "no choice" but to do a deal on David Cameron's reforms, European Council President Donald Tusk has told BBC News.
Mr Tusk will chair a crucial summit meeting in Brussels on Thursday on the controversial proposals.
Poland and three other countries are reported to be still resisting welfare curbs while France is thought to be against financial regulation changes.
Number 10 said Mr Cameron and Mr Tusk agreed "good progress" had been made.
They felt the renegotiation draft texts presented a "good basis" for agreement at tomorrow's European Council, Downing Street said.
A new draft deal is due to be published ahead of the two-day summit starting on Thursday.
Earlier, when asked by the BBC's Ben Wright whether he would get a deal, Mr Tusk said: "I am sure that we have no choice."
'No guarantee'
In a letter to the leaders of the 28 member states, Mr Tusk said the summit "will be a crucial moment for the unity of our Union and for the future of the United Kingdom's relations within Europe".
"After my consultations in the last hours I have to state frankly: there is still no guarantee that we will reach an agreement.
"We differ on some political issues and I am fully aware that it will be difficult to overcome them. Therefore I urge you to remain constructive."
He said the negotiations were at a "very advanced" stage and failure now "would be a defeat both for the UK and the European Union, but a geopolitical victory for those who seek to divide us".
Analysis
Image copyright AP
By Laura Kuenssberg, BBC political editor
How on earth did the man who once accused the Conservatives of being out of touch for "banging on about Europe", get himself into a position where he has already been "banging on about Europe" for months and months, and will spend the next four months still doing precisely that?
Most simply, as the years have passed, his party has changed.
As the EU expanded, and generations of MPs came and went, a soft scepticism towards the European project, neither full-throated support, nor hardcore opposition, became more common, and sympathy for the idea of a referendum spread from the margins.
The eurozone financial crisis, and the EU's stumbling approach to sorting it out, gave a fresh energy to eurosceptic MPs who wanted to campaign to leave.
In part that apathy, if not downright dislike, towards the EU spread because of the enormous rise in the numbers of people from around the Union who came to live and work in the UK.
Numbers that took the political establishment completely by surprise began to arrive from the moment new countries like Poland joined the EU in 2004.
It was that steep rise in EU immigration that gave David Cameron his most pressing political reason for - in the end - promising a referendum.
EU summit: How did Cameron end up here?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Boris Johnson discussed the planned EU reforms with David Cameron at Downing Street
Mr Cameron is working on a separate plan to boost UK sovereignty aimed at getting sceptical Tories, including Boris Johnson, to get behind his reform deal.
Mr Johnson - who is being touted as a possible leader of the out campaign - has met Mr Cameron at Downing Street.
"I'll be back," he told reporters as he left Number 10, adding: "No deal, as far as I know."
BBC assistant political editor Norman Smith said the London mayor, who is "pivotal" to Mr Cameron's plans, would keep the PM waiting until he had returned from the summit before announcing which camp he would support, although his "no deal" comment was not thought to be a reference to his own concerns about sovereignty.
'Finely balanced'
Sources close to Mr Johnson say his decision on whether to back remaining in or leaving the EU is "very finely balanced".
They say the decision by Mr Cameron to try to sell his proposed deal to Mr Johnson underlines how crucial he is likely to be if the prime minister is to win the referendum.
"They are pretty determined to get him on board," the source added.
They have strongly rejected suggestions that Mr Johnson's decision is tied to his ambitions to lead the Conservative Party when Mr Cameron steps down.
"His decision is in no way predicated on any leadership question. It's based on what he thinks will be in the best interests of the country," the source said.
Mr Cameron's sovereignty plan is expected to suggest extra powers for the UK Supreme Court to protect UK law from challenges from the European Court of Justice, to assert the primacy of UK law over Brussels.
What happens next?
Thursday:
15:00 GMT: EU leaders begin arriving for their regular summit at the European Council headquarters in Brussels
16:45: First working session on the UK proposed reforms
19:00: Working dinner on the migration crisis
Talks on the UK deal could resume after dinner and continue late into the night, if there is still no deal
Friday:
08:00: Discussions will continue over an "English Breakfast" if no agreement on the UK demands has been reached on Thursday
If David Cameron gets a deal, he will hold an emergency cabinet meeting on Friday evening to reach an agreed position on remaining in the EU, although ministers will be free to campaign against that in a personal capacity
Mr Cameron may then announce the date of the UK's referendum, although he does not have to do so
17 March:
The next scheduled EU summit - Mr Cameron has another chance to get a deal here. There has also been talk of a special summit at the end of February
Thursday 23 June:
Still seen as the most likely date of a UK referendum if Mr Cameron gets a deal in February or March, but he has until the end of 2017 to hold one
UK and the EU: Better off out or in?
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said he expected proposed benefit changes to be at the heart of debate this week.
Czech Europe minister Tomas Prouza told the BBC he expected benefit curbs would apply only to new applicants, and not affect the existing 34,000 migrants in the UK who were recipients.
And Slovakia's Europe minister, Ivan Korcok, said "movement from the United Kingdom" would be needed for a deal to be agreed.
Mr Korcok said it would be "difficult to sell a deal" that would restrict benefits for migrants who are already in the UK.
Downing Street has so far refused to say whether the changes extend to existing claimants or not.
BBC Europe correspondent Chris Morris said France was one of several member states anxious to ensure nothing in the deal would allow financial institutions in the City of London to benefit from lighter regulation than their continental counterparts.
Mr Cameron is seeking key changes on European integration, business competiveness, benefits restrictions and the operation of the eurozone.
A guide to how the EU works
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A simple guide to how the European Union works
Read more:
Tonight at midnight, the Punchline Netflix Music Special Kickstarter will end. Right now, we are at 68% funded with 13 hours to go. Funding this Special at this point is kind of a long shot - 32% in 13 hours is going to be tough - but I am totally humbled by all of the people who have made a pledge so far.
We really believe that making this little slice of television goodness is the extra boost that our band needs - in conjunction with the release of a new album this Summer and a good bit of touring - to once again make Punchline our full time endeavor. It's been 20 years now, and we've had a lot of highs and lows...but making this Special would undoubtedly be the highest of the high.
One other thing that I'd like to mention is that we aren't straight up just asking for your hard earned money...if you take a look at the rewards on our Kickstarter page, you'll see that a lot of them are basically preorders for DVDs of the Special, records, shirts, tickets to the filming, kisses...in fact, if we did reach our funding goal, close to 35% of that money would go toward the printing/pressing of these things. The other 65% will go toward film crews, audio engineers, locations, set design, and all of the other resources needed to make a real deal production. We don't want to make something that just looks okay...we want to make the TITANIC of Punchline Netflix Music Specials.
Okay, that's all I have to say! Once again, thanks to everyone who has contributed so far, everyone who is considering contributing, and everyone who doesn't really have the extra loot at the moment (believe me, I've been there many times) but still likes to listen to our music. I can't tell you how much it means to us as songwriters, musicians, and goofy lil' guys.
Will it happen?
We'll see by midnight.
On behalf of myself (Chris Fafalios), Steve Soboslai, Cory Muro, and Trevor Leonard, THANKS SO MUCH for taking the time to read this!
Talk to ya soon! :)
Coming to Washington over the request of the late Sen. Daniel Inouye, Schatz, 40, said Wednesday's appointment is "the first step on a very long road." He intends to fight global warming, calling it "the most urgent challenge of our generation."
WASHINGTON — Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie announced Wednesday that he had appointed fellow Democrat — and his lieutenant governor — Brian Schatz to the Senate seat held for the past half-century by Sen. Daniel Inouye, who died Dec. 17, at age 88. Here are six things to know about Senator-designate Schatz.
1. Many Elections Audrey McAvoy / AP
Schatz has said he will be running in the special election to be held in 2014 to determine who finishes Inouye's term, which lasts through 2016. If he were to win that election, he then would have to run again in 2016 if he wished to serve a full term, as he said he would today. In his comments at Abercrombie's Wednesday news conference, Schatz noted of his appointment, "It means the first step on a very long road."
2. Unexpected Entrance Joshua Roberts / Reuters Sen. Daniel Inouye's casket lay in state in the U.S. Capitol Rotunda in Washington on December 20, 2012.
Schatz is coming to the Senate over the explicit wishes of Inouye, who asked that Rep. Colleen Hanabusa be appointed to hold the seat Inouye had held since 1963. After Schatz's appointment was announced, Inouye's chief of staff, Jennifer Sabas, said in a statement, "Sen. Inouye conveyed his final wish to Gov. Abercrombie. While we are very disappointed that it was not honored, it was the governor's decision to make. We wish Brian Schatz the best of luck." Abercrombie, however, said at Wednesday's news conference that while Inouye's "views and his wishes were taken into account fully," his decision was based on his view of "the overall best interests of the party ... the state and the nation."
He's young. At 40, Schatz will be the youngest member of the U.S. Senate when he takes office Thursday. He will not, however, hold that role for long. In January, Connecticut's senator-elect, Rep. Chris Murphy, will be the youngest senator when he takes office at 39. Before serving as lieutenant governor, Schatz had served as a member of the Hawaii House of Representatives from 1998 to 2006 and was the chair of the state Democratic Party from 2008 until joining Abercrombie's administration.
4. Classy Entrance Isaac Brekken / AP
Before even taking national office, Schatz is going to be the president's guest on Air Force One. A White House official said Wednesday evening that Schatz will fly to D.C. with the president on Air Force One overnight from Wednesday to Thursday, according to the White House pool report.
5. Quick Seniority Marco Garcia / AP
In his second week in office, Schatz will become Hawaii's senior senator because Sen. Daniel Akaka did not run for reelection this November. Hawaii Senator-elect Mazie Hirono, although elected to take Akaka's seat in November, will not be taking office until January. Accordingly, Schatz, taking office Thursday, will be the state's senior senator when the 113th Congress begins.
6. Global Warming J Pat Carter / AP
The science, says Ben Kirtman, is absolute. The earth is warming, and this is not a good thing. Polar ice is melting. Sea levels are rising. The world is hotter, and extreme weather patterns are becoming the norm.
The December 2015 accord at the climate change summit in Paris by 196 nations is heralded as a giant leap forward in combating greenhouse gas emissions. Many hope it is not too little, too late.
Because, as Kirtman says, the earth is changing.
Kirtman is a professor at the University of Miami's Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science and was co-chair of the NOAA Climate Prediction Task Force. He was a lead author of the latest report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change used during the Paris summit to achieve the unprecedented unanimous agreement.
To many living in South Florida, climate change is personal. As Provost Thomas J. LeBlanc told hundreds of scientists visiting the University in November 2015 prior to the Paris summit, Miami is “ground zero” for climate change and sea level rise. Even as far back as the 1950s, some scientists talked about rising seas inundating the Mississippi Valley and putting Miami underwater.
The University of Miami is marshaling the collective problem-solving muscle of all its schools and colleges to help answer a mosaic of complex questions about the science of climate change. Researchers, engineers, architects, marine scientists, and geologists are exploring new technologies and new ways to live in this changing world. Educators are reaching out to local schools to share the latest science with young learners, the next line of defense against climate change.
Much is known, and much remains to be discovered about the changing climate.
“No longer can we, as a society,” says University of Miami President Julio Frenk, “disregard its impact on the world around us.”
- Peter E. Howard / UM News
- Aerial video: Courtesy of Patrick Longman & Camera Copters, Inc.
- Opening musical score: Frost School of Music Professor Gary M. Lindsay, director
of studio jazz writing.
This week, we sat down with Tony Miller and Ronn Bauman to watch “Dark Dungeons,” a faithful adaptation of a Chick Tract of the same name. For those unaware, Chick Tracks are fundamentalist comic books and the makers of the film got permission to adapt this particular comic as long as they did not produce something satirical. Instead, they produced something far more entertaining. The four of us watched the film and then recorded a episode that started with our response to the film and then moved into our thoughts on religion, performing and, above all, gaming. Our role playing pasts are laid bare for all to see! We hope you have as much listening as we had recording.
Correction: on the closing stinger, Nick says that Dark Dungeons costs $2.50. Actually, the extras cost $2.50. The movie itself costs $5.00. Sorry for the error.
Show notes below the fold:
If you'd like to see the original Chick Tract, go here!
Here's the plane crash one Tim talked about.
Here's where you can get your own copy of the movie!
Geeks Without God contributed to the Kickstarter that helped get the film produced! Here's a screen grab of our name!
Soaring way over budget and lagging far behind schedule, the F-35 warplane – once billed as "affordably stealthy" – is facing severe political turbulence at home and skittish buyers abroad. The combination could doom the entire $1.45-trillion program.
In the heady days when the all-purpose fighter-bomber was launched, Pentagon planners expected to buy more than 3,000, including hundreds that could hover like a helicopter and land vertically for the U.S. Marines and others that could launch and land on the U.S. Navy's massive aircraft carriers.
Manufacturer Lockheed Martin was hoping allies, including Canada, would line up to buy more than 1,000 additional F-35s to give their air forces deep-strike capacity in heavily defended airspace – think China – and the ability to drop laser-guided bombs capable of destroying deeply buried targets.
Story continues below advertisement
But foreign buyers are getting cold feet.
Monstrously expensive and crippled by delays, the F-35 now looks less like the answer to a wide array of air force renewal prayers than an albatross. There are fears it would drag defence budgets into a mire of 'too much money for too few planes' that are designed to fight a war that seems increasingly unlikely.
Every cancellation drives the unit cost of the remaining F-35s – although billed at roughly $161-million each – higher and higher.
Australia
Initial plans to buy up to 100 F-35s were scaled back after the urgent need to replace the Australian Air Force's obsolete bombers became clear. So 24 updated F-18s were purchased. The newest-model F-18s are considered by many as a proven, far-less-expensive alternative to the F-35, although Canberra remains officially committed to the fighter. So far only 14 have been ordered and the decision on another 24 has been pushed back until 2015.
Britain
After first announcing it wanted 138 of the most-complicated F-35 variant, one that can land vertically like a helicopter and is the U.S. Marines' version, Britain changed its order to the U.S. Navy aircraft-carrier version that was supposed to be 25-per-cent cheaper. Now with costs escalating on that model, too, the government may switch back – even though British test pilots are already flying a pre-production model in Texas. Many analysts expect the total number to be cut by 30 per cent or more. The government said it won't decide until 2015. Firm orders to date: three; one is flying.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Denmark
Although a member of the F-35 consortium, Denmark has made no purchase commitment. Instead, decision has been pushed back and Copenhagen is now expected to upgrade a couple of dozen of its aging F-16.
Israel
In 2010, Israel ordered 20 F-35s from Lockheed Martin at a cost of $2.8-billion but isn't expecting deliveries until 2017. Eventually it plans to buy 75 of the fifth-generation warplane to maintain its clear air warfare superiority in the Middle East, Because of F-35 delays, Israel's powerful air force is looking at an interim buy of refurbished F-15s from Boeing.
Italy
Cash-strapped Italy, which originally announced that it wanted 131 F-35s – but didn't sign a contract – has already slashed the planned purchase to 90 of the fighter-bombers. That too is expected to be cut way back. The navy needs 22 warplanes for its new, medium-sized aircraft carrier but that may become the total purchase.
Story continues below advertisement
Japan
After announcing only last December that it would buy 42 F-35s, with the first four delivered in 2017, Japan's Defence Minister Naoki Tanaka publicly warned earlier this year that delays or price increases would imperil the entire contract. "We would need to consider as a potential option matters like cancelling our orders and starting a new selection process if that is the case," he said. Losing Japan, with more than 300 warplanes, many of them needing replacement, would be a major blow, as the order for 42 F-35s was widely seen as an initial tranche of a 100-plus aircraft program.
Netherlands
The first Dutch F-35 was completed last summer but the planned purchase of 85 aircraft remains in jeopardy. A Dutch government study questions the cost estimates and some defence analysts suggest only 40 aircraft will be purchased. Decisions have been pushed back to 2015.
Norway
Even as it delayed until 2024 final deliveries of the 52 F-35s it plans to buy, the Norwegian government gave the troubled warplane program a rare vote of confidence earlier this year. "Despite changes made by other partner nations, Norway finds that its previous and robust real-cost estimates remain accurate," it said, adding it would take its first four aircraft earlier than expected.
Story continues below advertisement
Turkey
Bold plans to buy 100 F-35 fighters seem to be fading although the Ankara has not officially scaled back – or committed to – the purchase.
Other likely buyers
They include Saudi Arabia, among the richest and most regular buyers of U.S. big-ticket military hardware, South Korea, Singapore and Brazil.
I recently made the conversion from long hair to short, donating to Locks of Love. Several years back, I cut my hair into a pixie cut after almost ten years of never cutting it above my shoulders. I would not be alone if I were to say that I did it with some trepidation both times. When I cut it the first time, I was single and I noticed a very distinct difference in how men treated and reacted towards me (until I met my SO whom is far from shallow and supportive of my decision). One particular word stands out to women when they cut their hair short: “butch”. I had a friend who, while she was wearing a skirt, was called a boy because she had such short hair. Conversely, there is also a negative view of men who have long hair, often called or assumed to be “hippy freaks” (I have known several men with longer hair, all who looked dashing). Our culture has done a notorious job of conforming people to one particular hairstyle for both men and women: women must have long luscious locks and men must have a suave short haircut. There is, however, a rather long history to hairstyles and the symbolism behind them that I hope will encourage anyone to feel free to do whatever tickles your fancy with your hair.
Hair, like clothes, was often an accessory in ancient civilizations used to mark social status. In Egypt, youths would have a clean shaven head with a piece of hair called the “Lock of Youth”. It would remain this style until they came of age. For adults, the styles varied from long to short to clean shaven. Both men and women frequently wore wigs if hair was clean shaven to protect from the sun. Furthermore, as one site suggests, common women wore their own hair, but women of higher status would wear wigs made of both human and animal hair. These wigs were often dyed various colors such as: green, blond, gold and blue. Hairstyles were later used to distinguish between the Old and New Kingdoms: women from the Old Kingdoms wore their hair short while women from the New Kingdom wore their hair long.
Photo by Grafixar
As with the Egyptians, Greeks used hairstyles to delineate social status. In contrast, Greek women grew their hair long and often dyed is blonde as a way to signify purity, desirability, and divinity. Hairstyles varied between Athens and Sparta: women in Athens wore their hair in ringlets pulled back in a chignon while the women of Sparta preferred a ponytail. Due to their obsession with appeasing deities, the Greeks were one of the first civilizations to develop methods of lightening hair.
Moving on to the East, we see more influence of Egyptian culture. Have you ever watched a Bollywood film? I'm sure you would expect me to discuss how incredibly long and gorgeous Indian women's locks were back then. Well, I must disappoint you. As with Egypt, during the Vedic period, Indians shaved their head leaving a single lock at the back or side of the head. This was used to depict a high social status, until later in history when it was reserved for monks only. Once the Vedic period ends, however, a Greek influence blanketed Indian hairstyles and the hair became longer and curlier.
In China, as in Greece, women grew their hair long; but, it was not for the same reason. Chinese women saw their hair as a family inheritance and thus refused to cut it. Girls and unmarried women were marked by their long, braided hair. Married women wore their hair tied up with a loose curl. In Japan, hair was similarly kept long, but it was not used to denote marital status. Instead, women often wore their hair back in a ponytail or bun decorated with various combs, flowers and ribbons. There is some speculation that cutting a woman's hair to a shorter length began in Asia, possibly Japan, to signify banishment and rejection. Today, people often consider it a way to dismiss the past, to start anew.
In Africa, the hairstyles were as varied as the tribes. Some dyed their hair, others shaved their head, and yet others braided their hair into a cone. As with Egyptians, hair often symbolized status, age and even denoted tribes and faith. During 1600-1700s, during the enslavement of many Africans, Europeans shaved individual's heads, removing a large part of their identity. There was a time in modern American history, due to white stereotypes, that African Americans began assimilating their hairstyles to white culture in order to be more readily accepted. Today, we see more beautiful diversity in African American hairstyles from fros to braids to cornrows. For many, again, it has become an essential part of identity as much as one's name.
Last, we come back to America, but not with Euro-Americans. Native Americans varied in their hairstyles as much as Africans and not all were Pocahontas-like (a.k.a Disney version). Some tribes in the east shaved their head minus a section along the crown. Other tribes wore their hair long in braids. Some in the southwest braided their hair and then twisted it into a chongo. Hopi women who were unmarried wore distinct hairstyles known as squash blossom or butterfly whorls. Somewhat unique, some Native American tribes viewed hair as a symbol of spiritual health. If it was cut, then it would be the same as to physically damage that spirit. There were few times it was considered appropriate (depending on the tribe) to cut hair: during war, childhood and mourning. Similar to African history, with the introduction of Europeans, Native Americans lost a large part of their identity when children were forced to cut their hair when entering schools.
As you can see, hairstyles, like the people that wore them, come from a varied and remarkable history. If, like me, you have had anxiety about chopping all your hair off or doing something different, don't let someone's identity of that style limit you. As you can see above, hairstyles can have many different meanings. For me, cutting my hair was liberating in the sense that I moved away from what other people thought and it is a way for me to express my identity as a unique individual. Always remember to have fun and be yourself, it's your hair and your identity!
Sources
http://www.ukhairdressers.com/history%20of%20hair.asp (Ancient Civilizations)
http://www.onislam.net/english/culture-and-entertainment/history/412849-ancient-egyptian-beauty-secrets.html (Egypt)
http://historylink101.com/n/egypt_1/a-hair_styles.htm (Egypt)
http://www.morbidoutlook.com/fashion/historical/2004_04_greekhair.html (Greece)
http://thehistoryofthehairsworld.com/old_age_1.html (Ancient Civilizations)
http://saidididntwantone.tumblr.com/post/15823933810/cutting-off-hair-in-ancient-asia-japan-china (Japan, China)
http://www.aaregistry.org/historic_events/view/black-hair-care-and-culture-story (African American)
http://understandingblackhair.com/our-history/ (Africa)
http://www.native-languages.org/hair.htm (Native American)
http://discussions.mnhs.org/10000books/q-why-do-indians-have-long-hair/ (Native American)
Want to keep up with Her Story Arc? Follow us on Facebook or Twitter
Social Networks aren't usually the most useful apps in the world… some might argue they merely make us lose profitable time. But even if we think so, social networks are ever-present, and every day we have many more. Some you might never know about, others only last for a while, and then there are the ones that have incredibly absurd concepts, even though they're well-designed and have a large list of users.
Drumroll, please.
Couples: Tokii
Couples aren't social. In fact, they're quite the opposite. Tokii is a social network to share with your partner and allows you to send messages (because you don't have any other way to do that) and tries to bring you closer to your significant other… by communicating via an app.
Check out the full review (5.0/10)
Download (FREE)
Animals: Pets Next Door
You probably don't know it, but animals love social networks. They're addicted to them, can't stop sharing selfies and statuses and are always curious to know whatever other pets are doing at the moment. And that's what Pets Next Door is for. After all, do you want your pet to be in or out?
Check out the full review (5.0/10)
Download (FREE)
Random Rants: Yik Yak
Imagine that one day you decide you'd like to read about unknown people's (yet close to you, which is vital) rants about stuff you have never heard of. As that is a common thought, here comes Yik Yak, a social wall to share your random thoughts about anything.
Check out the full review (6.7/10)
Download (FREE)
Random Pictures: Cheers
Everybody knows that whenever you're partying, there's nothing you want to do more than send your drunk picture to a group of strangers and have them send one back to you. Cheers allows you to share a toast with a complete unknown person, something which seems beautiful but is totally absurd.
Check out the full review (7.2/10)
Download (FREE)
Stalkers: FollowMe
What'sApp no longer allows you to keep an eye on your ex-boyfriend… but FollowMe might be your next favorite app. Users of this app with the explicit and blatant title are literally giving everyone information about their whereabouts. And not just one spot, but the whole route.
Check out the full review (7.0/10)
Download (FREE)
As conservative icon and living legend Phyllis Schlafly celebrated her 92nd birthday this week, leaders throughout the nation-state conservative movement offered their birthday well wishes to a woman whom they described as “America's Margaret Thatcher,” “our true hero,” and “one of America's greatest patriots.”
The conservative heroine celebrated surrounded by her children and grandchildren on Sunday, followed by a celebration on Monday with staff, volunteers, and close friends at her grassroots organization, Eagle Forum, which she formed over four decades ago.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump personally called Schlafly on her birthday to send her his well wishes. Schlafly had been one of Trump's earliest and most influential endorsements.
“So kind of him to remember!” Schlafly wrote on Twitter after their telephone call. “I look forward to attending his inauguration next January 20!”
Trump's birthday wishes and expressions of admiration were echoed by leaders throughout the conservative nation-state movement, which Schlafly was instrumental in helping to create.
Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions said:
Phyllis Schlafly is one of America's greatest patriots. As a speaker, author, and activist, Phyllis has been a powerful voice for America and her exceptional heritage. Her work has always courageously defended the legitimate interests of Americans who loyally serve their country and communities in war and peace. Too often their needs are ignored. She has served them with fidelity, never being afraid to take on powerful establishment forces in the process. Her efforts remain unmatched. Congratulations to Phyllis on her 92nd birthday.
“God bless you Eternally, Phyllis Schlafly,” said Virginia Congressman Dave Brat, who made history by ousting pro-amnesty House Majority Leader Eric Cantor by running on a pro-America conservative platform, which Schlafly played a pivotal role in shaping.
Brat, whose new book outlines how these conservative principles paved the way for his insurgent campaign's success, described Schlafly as “our true hero” who inspires conservatives to follow her lead. He went on to say:
She is courageous and fearless and principled and conservative all at the same time. It is very difficult to find people with such backbone and courage in Washington DC and in our politics when all the incentives and all the big money rewards compromising until we no longer even recognize the conservative message. Instead Phyllis starts with first principles and ends with first principles and this is what made our nation great and so today we all think of our true hero someone who fought the fight and stayed in the fight every day of her life and inspired all the rest of us to do the same.
“One of the greatest days in my life was when I was honored by Phyllis Schlafly and given a national award of recognition in my rookie year,” Brat added. “And this goes to show the type of person she is — she has built an entire conservative movement [yet] still finds time to pay attention to the new rookie on the block.”
“Phyllis Schlafly has more guts, brain power and knowledge of the core tenets of American conservatism than anyone alive today,” said nationally syndicated conservative talk radio host Laura Ingraham. “If Phyllis is on your side, you know you're on the right course. Happy Birthday to a heroic, inspiring warrior for freedom!”
“If you ever find yourself disagreeing with Schlafly, you should think long and hard about your position,” said Ann Coulter, the conservative columnist and eleven-time New York Times best selling author, whose latest book In Trump We Trust: E Pluribus Awesome!” will be released early next week.
“From Goldwater to the Equal Rights Amendment to Star Wars, Reagan and, more recently to John Lott, Ian Fletcher, and the magnificent Trump, Phyllis Schlafly is always right,” Coulter added.
Fox News anchor Sean Hannity described Schlafly as “America's Margaret Thatcher”—“an amazing fierce iconic champion of conservatism. A national treasure. Happy Birthday to America's Margaret Thatcher,” Hannity said.
Born in St. Louis, Missouri in 1924, Phyllis Schlafly has been active in politics for more than one-quarter of all American history and has attended every single Republican National Convention since 1952.
She helped launch the conservative movement, create the pro-family agenda, and has led the fight against open borders trade and immigration policies.
Her seminal 1964 book, A Choice Not An Echo, which sold over three million copies, inspired a generation of conservatives and defined the battle lines between the Republican grassroots and the party elites. Many have observed that the classic remains as important today as it was the day it was written.
Dating back to her creation of “study groups” throughout American homes in the 1950s to inform grassroots voters about the evils of communism, Schlafly's mission has been, in part, to educate the electorate and hold politicians accountable to the people.
During the 1960s and early 1970s, Schlafly began the formation of her “Eagle” brand — devoted to inspiring conservatives across the nation to get involved and fight for conservative principles. The Phyllis Schlafly Report — her monthly newsletter designed to keep conservatives informed on the pressing issues of the day — is now entering its 50th year of publication with more than 600 reports published.
Schlafly is also a Daughter of the American Revolution, author or editor of over 25 books, a writer of nearly 2,500 columns, a lawyer, a mother of six, and a grandmother of 14.
Never one to shy away from engaging in a principled fight, Schlafly has gone toe-to-toe with some of the most powerful politicians in her own party and some of its most influential commentators.
One of her fights that changed the course of American history was Schlafly's underdog triumph in defeating the so-called Equal Rights Amendment in the 1970s; the amendment passed Congress as part of the new wave feminism and had been sent to the states for ratification. Because of Schlafly's efforts, it fell three states short of being added to the Constitution.
As President Ronald Reagan wrote in 1983, Schlafly is “darned effective. Her plan to counter the new E.R.A campaign is brilliant.”
“Her record of success is surpassed only by her reputation for class and wit,” said Eagle Forum president Ed Martin, referring to Schlafly's famous charm and poise that has led to her being dubbed “The Sweetheart of the Silent Majority.”
Martin said, “Phyllis Schlafly has been active in politics since 1946 when she was the campaign manager for Claude Bakewell for Congress (he won!). Since then, no American has played a greater role in American politics from fighting communists to defeating radical feminists; from writing 27 books and tens of thousands of columns to giving thousands of speeches on campuses and TV/radio; from Taft in '52 through Reagan and Trump… A search of America's history finds no greater leader [than Phyllis Schlafly] at such pivotal times.”
Audio Technica ATH-PG1
Premium Closed-Back Gaming Headset
Designed with the serious gamer in mind, the ATH-PG1 delivers wonderfully immersive audio and long-lasting comfort that puts you in the game and lets you stay there as long as you want. Large 44 mm drivers provide powerful, lively sound specially tuned to accentuate all the sonic detail of the gaming environment. The closed-back headset is constructed of lightweight materials and features soft leather headband and ear pads, allowing you to play on without fatigue.
The ATH-PDG1 also comes equipped with a flexible, 6 inch boom microphone for crystal-clear in-game voice communication with other gamers. This mic, with 1.2 meter cable and in-line volume and mute control, can be detached and replaced with a 1.2 meter smartphone cable. The 1.2 meter smartphone cable lets you transform this gaming headset into any everyday pair of on-the-go headphones, perfect for answering calls and controlling audio and video on smartphones and other portable devices. An additional 2.0-meter extension cable terminating in two 3.5 mm mini plugs for mic and audio works with either of the 1.2 meter cables to provide increased flexibility when gaming on a computer.
Christian culture sure does love talking about persecution, but there is one group of persecuted Christians that Evangelicalism doesn't want you to know about: the persecuted Christians of Palestine. Dispensational theology that leads to the errant and blindly pro-Israel position (here's why that's unbiblical) has sadly led most Evangelicalism to become so pro-Israel that it has become anti-Christian. While today they celebrate the re-election of a war hawk who has no interest in peace, justice, or law, today we grieve what undoubtedly means that the ongoing persecution of Christians at the hands of Israeli apartheid will now continue indefinitely.
When we say “Israel” or “Palestinian” one often thinks of Jew vs. Muslim. However, Palestinians include both Christians and Muslims, though Christians are the minority. Like those who suffered under apartheid in South Africa, Christians and Muslims in Palestine both suffer under Israeli apartheid which strips them of their human rights, their dignity, their freedom of movement, their homes, and sometimes their lives.
Whereas in the West we often hear the phrase “Country _____ wants to wipe Israel off the map” the reality is that this is precisely what Israel is doing to Christians and Muslims in Palestine- wiping them off the map through confiscating their land, destroying their crops, looting and bulldozing their homes, shooting their children for sport (disturbing footage, here) and forcing them to emigrate elsewhere.
Christians in Palestine say they face an uphill battle to have their stories heard, as western media likes to portray their persecution as being at the hands of Muslims, but that's not the case they say.
A few years ago Father Faysal Hijazeen, a priest in Palestine, wrote for the Jerusalem Post:
“These spokespeople have wrongly propagated a cynical discourse misleadingly touting “Christian persecution by Muslims.” Every Friday, we celebrate the holy mass attended by hundreds of Palestinian Christians from Bethlehem, Ramallah and Jerusalem in the Cremisan Area of Beit Jala. The holy service, celebrated among ancient olive trees, was not a prayer to end a “Muslim-led persecution” but to prevent Israel from confiscating this area of land that belongs to 58 Palestinian Christian families – Israel's latest attempt to consolidate its ring of settlements that aim to sever Bethlehem from Jerusalem. This is one last attempt to prevent a land confiscation that would have catastrophic consequences for the local Christian population.”
Archbishop Sebastia Theodosios had a fantastic interview recently (the entire interview can be found here) where he said:
“The Palestinian issue is a problem that concerns all of us, Christians and Muslims alike. It's a problem of every free intellectual individual aspiring for justice and freedom in this world. We the Palestinian Christians suffer along with the rest of Palestinians from occupation and hardships of our economic situation. Muslims and Christians suffer equally, as there is no difference in suffering for any of us. We are all living in the same complicated circumstances, and overcoming the same difficulties. As a church and as individuals we protect this people, and we hope a day will come when Palestinians get their freedom and dignity.”
In the interview, Archbishop Theodisios goes on to lament the oppression Christians suffer under the Israeli occupation, such as the destruction of Christian towns to drive the Christians out, Christian churches being attacked, Church property being looted/confiscated, and Christians being thrown into Israeli jails. He again summarizes their plight by saying:
“Christians suffer under the Israeli occupation just the same as Muslims – the entire Palestinian population suffers under it. They don't distinguish between us.”
Other anti-Christian persecution at the hands of Israelis come by way of “price-tag” attacks. Price tag attacks were started in 2011 by Israeli settlers because the illegal expansions and land-grabs weren't moving fast enough. These settlers began a movement to make Christians and Muslims suffer the “price” for expansion setbacks, with the hopes of terrorizing the Christians and Muslims into leaving. These attacks have included fire-bombing a monastery of nuns and spray painting “death to Gentiles on the walls,” or then there's the Church of the Dormition which has been vandalized in price tag attacks– painted with such things as, “Jesus is a son of a bitch, price tag.” We also see arson used to terrorize, much like they used it in the American South, with one church having the door set on fire with the term “Jesus is a Money” painted on it.
Oh- and somewhere around 4.5 million Palestinians can't vote- let's not forget that.
Here's the bottom line: Christians and Muslims are suffering and being oppressed under Israeli apartheid, and we should find this greatly distressing.
If we were to take this scenario and have it take place in any country other than Israel, we'd see it completely differently. Were there a government systematically and illegally confiscating people's homes, destroying Christian villages, making them refugees and then treating them like they're illegal immigrants, tolerating a culture that persecutes and terrorizes Christians in an attempt to get them to flee their homeland– if that were happening anywhere other than Israel we'd not only be outraged, we'd be calling for ground troops and to have their leaders arrested. Apartheid was wrong in South Africa, but apparently it's good in Israel.
Instead of being outraged, instead of demanding peace and justice, America sends Israel millions of dollars a day to finance their illegal oppression of Christians and Muslims- and not only do we support their actions, but much of the Christian community will quickly jump all over you if you so much as question it. Being a good Christian in too many parts means pledging allegiance to the United States of America and to Israel too.
Why? How did we get in this mess? Why are we tolerating an oppressive regime that we wouldn't tolerate in any other part of the world?
Bad theology, that's why. And that's what makes this so tragic, but wonderfully illustrates the point that theology matters in the real world.
Dispensational theology took the world by storm in the late 1800's, and the view that “Israel is God's chosen nation” and the idea that anyone who doesn't “bless Israel” will be cursed by God is core to that belief system. Dispensationalism overtook much of American Christianity and eventually bled into or government and foreign policy. Then, it somehow got taught to our grandparents, who taught it to our parents, who taught it to us.
And no one questions it.
Since so many accept it as true without researching it, without questioning it, without wrestling with it, we become blind to oppression around us. Left unchecked, pro-Israel theology can get so extreme that it actually becomes anti-Christian, because it quietly lulls one to support very real anti-Christian persecution at the hands of the Israeli government, without so much as even caring.
Here's a good test: if your theology leads you to support and defend oppression and persecution instead of loving people, it's bad theology.
My prayer is that American Christians will wake up to these tragic unintended consequences of this unquestioned, generational theology which is so pro-Israel that it actually becomes anti-Christian.
We need peace in the middle east. Peace for Israel. Freedom and restoration for Palestine. But we won't have any of it until we start questioning the horrible dispensational/fundamentalist theology that's causing us to support terror against our own Christian brothers and sisters.
…
Further reading: here's a more in-depth breakdown of this area of theology and why it's theologically flawed.
____
Top image via Tanya Nagar, Flickr
If there's any good news to be gained from the toxic spill of mine wastes into the Animas River upstream of Durango, it's that public attention has suddenly shifted to the health of rivers in the West.
The 3-million-gallon accident riveted the media, even rating a story in England's Guardian newspaper. Here at home, officials took action almost immediately: Biologists put out fish cages to see if the sludge was killing fish, and chemists began testing the murky water for acidity and heavy metal concentrations. Within a few days, the governor, both Colorado U.S. senators, and the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency — whose contractors triggered the spill — showed up in Durango to express their regret, outrage, support, etc. They promised that it would never happen again.
But of course a disaster is sure to occur again, because there are thousands of century-old abandoned mines in the region that have never been thoroughly cleaned up. And as the saying goes: Acid mine drainage is forever.
But while an orange plume of heavy metals moving through a river system toward a major reservoir like Lake Powell is certainly a serious problem, there's another danger targeting rivers in the West. It's the kind of disaster that sometimes kills every living creature in a river, imperils the river's health for weeks and months, causes extensive contaminations of e. coli and heavy metals and destroys the recreational economy — rafting, tubing, fishing — for months at a time.
This disaster is caused by dams. Whether they are large or small, they block a river so that water can be diverted for farms, ranches or domestic use. From its beginnings high on the Continental Divide, for example, the Colorado River loses 90 percent of its flow to diversion in the first 40 miles.
Once the Arkansas River leaves the mountains and heads for Kansas, it becomes a dribble of its former self. The dammed and diverted South Platte River through Denver is often a putrid, algae-ridden and depleted mess, and when it exits town, most of its flow is made up of discharge from Denver's sewage treatment plant.
The Cache la Poudre, near my home in northern Colorado, is sometimes drained bone-dry as it moves through downtown Fort Collins, and when it does have water in it, its native flow is diminished over 50 percent by dams and diversions.
Colorado is just the tip of the iceberg of river destruction. Rivers across New Mexico and Utah are in a similar desperate condition. And in Southern California and Arizona, most rivers are drained completely dry every single year. The Gila River in Arizona, once a large and beautiful tributary of the Colorado River, is now completely dead except during rare monsoon rains that fall perhaps once every 20 years.
But there's worse to come. The states of Colorado, Wyoming, New Mexico and Utah have all just gone through official water-planning processes and are proposing even more dams and river-draining activity. The governor of Wyoming has called for “10 new dams in 10 years.” The state of Utah wants to put “a dam on every river in the state,” and water agencies in Colorado are proposing large new diversions out of the Colorado River. In addition, Colorado yearns to retain every legal drop before its rivers cross the state's boundaries.
As you watch the media focus for a while on river health, consider this trivia question: Where was the last major dam and river-destroying project in Colorado?
If you guessed it was on the Animas River, southwest of Durango, you're right. The controversial Animas-La Plata Project erected a huge, new dam and reservoir, a pumping station to divert water out of the Animas River and the federal government did it all with virtually no mitigation to offset the impacts to the river.
Were elected officials outraged at this project? No, they celebrated it and named the reservoir Lake Nighthorse after former Colorado Sen. Ben Nighthorse Campbell.
If this plume of poisoned water moving downstream teaches us anything, maybe it ought to be this: All of our rivers are at risk so long as we continue to prevent them from running free.
Gary Wockner is a contributor to Writers on the Range, a column service of High Country News. He directs two river protection organizations, Save The Poudre and Save The Colorado, and is based in Fort Collins.
Evel Dick I Got HIV From A Stripper ... I Think
Evel Dick -- I Got HIV From A Stripper ... I Think
EXCLUSIVE
says a romp with a Vegas stripper is why he's HIV positive ... so he thinks.Dick tells TMZ ... he had unprotected sex with the stripper -- who he says got her period during intercourse. Dick says, "When I woke up, she was gone and I looked like I had murdered someone."Donato was diagnosed in 2011 ... from blood tests administered on "Big Brother ." Donato says he left the show and broke the news to his mother and his girlfriend ... calling it the "hardest conversation I have ever had to have."Dick says his GF -- who tested negative -- was amazing ... assuring him they would get through it. She stuck by him for the next two years, until they split in 2013. They're appearing on "" to see if they can re-ignite their relationship.As for the whole unprotected sex thing ... Dick says he already had a vasectomy so as far as he was concerned he had eliminated the only known risk. Clearly he didn't know ... unprotected sex is risky.
Roberto Martinez says 33-year-old Phil Jagielka still plays with the exuberance of a youngster - and predicts his Everton skipper will go on for "many, many seasons" to come.
The Blues boss was speaking as the centre-half prepares to make his 300th appearance for the Club at Swansea City on Saturday.
Jagielka, a 2007 arrival from Sheffield United, penned a contract extension in June to keep him at Goodison Park until the summer of 2017.
Yet Martinez believes the defender can go on long beyond that date.
“He's a player, that plays with a lot of experience but with the enjoyment of a young player,” he said on Thursday. “When you see Jags around the pitch he is always trying to help the younger players and trying to open up his responsibilities.
“Three hundred games is an incredible landmark but you still feel that there are many, many seasons ahead of Phil Jagielka.”
Last season - Jagielka's second as Club captain - saw the Sale-born England international play all but three of Everton's games as the Blues competed both at home and abroad.
And Martinez believes a sometimes testing campaign brought the very best out of a player he says led by example.
“Last season was an incredible moment in his career,” the Blues boss added. "[He was] captain of the football club in such an exciting season, where we had huge expectations and then having to deal with the disappointments we had in the first half of the campaign and then the heights we had in Europe, facing teams that are now in the Champions League and doing so well.
“He was always that calm influence in the dressing room, that wise head around the players and he took his own individual level into another way of playing.
“I am looking forward to seeing Phil Jagielka playing this season – he is going from strength to strength – and he clearly he shows his experience, but not his age.”
ALLEN PARK -- Detroit Lions tackle Jason Fox's biggest obstacle has been staying healthy since he was drafted in 2010. He is battling injuries once again. Fox missed the Lions' first day of mandatory minicamp practice due to a knee injury. Lions coach Jim Schwartz does not expect Fox to practice at all this week. "Anybody that didn't practice today was injury related," Schwartz said. "Everybody's in town and here. We got a lot of things we're trying to sort of make sure they don't sort of roll up on us. Jason's had a good offseason, but his knee was getting a little bit sore, and we decided to shut him down. You won't see him for the minicamp. Other guys you'll see back. "Today was a light day. The next two days are going to be almost training camp length to practice, number of reps, things like that, and we didn't want to go three days in a row that way, but we wanted to build toward it." Fox, a former fourth-round pick, was sidelined all of last season due to a broken foot suffered in training camp, and then a knee injury that required surgery. He currently is battling Lions rookie Riley Reiff for playing time, but general manager Martin Mayhew previously said it was a
However, Fox was not the only player absent from Tuesday's activities.
Detroit Lions mandatory minicamp - June 12 9 Galleries: Detroit Lions mandatory minicamp - June 12
Lions cornerback Chris Greenwood, linebacker Stephen Tulloch (tedonitis in his knee), defensive tackle Sammie Hill and Louis Delmas (ankle) did not participate in Tuesday's practice. Detroit coach Jim Schwartz would not disclose the injuries to Fox or Hill. In addition, Lions defensive end Cliff Avril missed practice because he refuses to sign the franchise tender place on him by Detroit earlier this offseason. "There are a couple of guys we're holding out simply because of wear and tear," Schwartz said. "Other guys we shut down for this minicamp, and Jason was one of those guys."
Ellison reflects Democrats' leftward shift on Israel. (Photo By Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call)
After taking white working-class voters for granted in November, the Democratic Party seems poised to do the same for Jews – and that could have important implications for the already troubled U.S.-Israeli relationship.
Sens. Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, who lead the party's progressive wing, are backing Rep. Keith Ellison, an African-American Muslim with a long history of anti-Semitic leanings and anti-Israeli positions, as the party's next chairman. So too is the incoming Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer, who is considered one of Israel's strongest Democratic backers.
Ellison's bid and high-level backing reflect the party's increasing leftward drift on Israel-related issues, in which one-sided views about the Jewish state – particularly related to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict – are far more acceptable as mainstream Democratic positions than a decade ago.
That raises two major questions for the U.S.-Israeli relationship:
First, will a future Democratic president and Congress provide the party's traditional support for Israel that dates to President Harry Truman's recognition of the Jewish state just 11 minutes after it was created – support that now includes America's generous military aid, its intelligence sharing and its protection from anti-Israel resolutions at the morally challenged United Nations?
Second, will U.S. support for Israel remain a bipartisan issue, or will it increasingly fall victim to partisan politics – with Republicans aligning themselves forcefully with Jerusalem while Democrats take a balanced approach to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and broader Arab-Israeli relations?
When it comes to Israel, high-level Democratic backing for Ellison is less a sharp turn than a continuation of recent trends.
Though the "strategic partnership" of U.S. aid and intelligence sharing remained strong under President Barack Obama, U.S.-Israeli relations nevertheless have been rocky due in part to Obama's pressure on Jerusalem to take chances for peace with the terror-infected Palestinian leadership and to the U.S.-led global nuclear agreement with Iran, which Israel's leaders believe threatens their country's security.
Other examples of the party's growing hostility to Israel abound. When, at the 2012 Democratic National Convention, party elders moved to reinsert language in the platform stating Jerusalem "is and will remain the capital of Israel," the convention approved the change on a voice vote on which the opponents seemed to have the louder voice. At this year's convention, Sanders' appointees to the platform committee sought unsuccessfully to include language that used the highly-charged terms "occupation" and "illegal settlements" to describe Israel's West Bank policies and to delete language that condemned the BDS (boycott, divest, and sanction) movement against Israel.
Ellison was one of Sanders' three appointees to the platform committee. His election as party chairman, which Sanders is pushing and Obama is opposing, would put an outspoken Israel critic atop the party's hierarchy, further legitimizing views that seem increasingly popular among party activists.
To be sure, Ellison has disavowed his work of earlier years in which he collaborated with strident anti-Semites. After winning the Democratic primary in 2006 to run for his House seat, he wrote a two-page letter to the Jewish Community Relations Council of Minnesota and the Dakotas, renouncing his work in the 1990s for the Nation of Islam "due to its propagation of bigoted and anti-Semitic statements and actions" by Louis Farrakhan and his assistant at the time, Khalid Muhammad.
Cartoons on the Democratic Party View All 44 Images
Ellison had helped promote Muhammad, who said of the six million Jews that Hitler exterminated, "nobody ever asked what did they do to Hitler." Ellison, according to Tablet magazine, also defended a member of the Minneapolis Initiative Against Racism who called Jews "the most racist white people."
Ellison now says that he supports a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and he's visited Israel often in recent years.
But in the summer of 2014, as rockets from Gaza – which is run by the terrorist group Hamas – were flying into southern Israel, Ellison was among very few lawmakers who voted against additional U.S. funding for Israel's Iron Dome anti-missile system. That summer, Ellison also wrote a Washington Post op-ed in which he pressured Israel to end its blockade of Gaza – which it imposes to prevent Gaza's terrorists from getting materials for war-making – focusing far more attention on the suffering of Gazans than the security needs of Israel.
Finally, on a trip to Israel last summer, Ellison tweeted out a sign that he passed on a walk through the West Bank town of Hebron that referred to Israeli policy as "apartheid" – thus, implicitly endorsing that characterization.
We've all got lost in games. I don't mean that we've become so engrossed that external factors cease to matter - toast burns, cats starve, love falters, etc - although if you're reading this site then that's probably true as well. I mean we've gotten lost in games. It used to be a common complaint, in fact, that games spun you around or suddenly stopped saying new things and it would take ages to figure out what you were expected to do.
It used to be a common complaint, but these days not so much. These days it's actually pretty rare, and there's a reason for that: over the past decade, game developers have moved beyond simple bug-testing and started tuning their games in response to the way people actually play them as well. One of the most famous examples of this was Halo 3, for which Microsoft (then owner of Bungie) put the game through exhaustive testing, chronicled by Clive Thompson for Wired, which would reveal, for example, that a lot of players didn't spot some grenades on the floor just before a big skirmish and died as a result. Knowing why people were getting frustrated in situations like that helped Bungie make the game stronger. Just saying that it was the player's fault wasn't good enough any longer.
Just up the road, Valve has gone famously nuts for this stuff. I talked to Chet Faliszek about it a little back in 2009 just before Left 4 Dead 2 came out. "We actually have a psychologist that works with us, and we have outside playtesters come in a few times a week," he explained. "They get recorded playing. The level designers watch what happens when people get lost, and we talk about what's going on. You can normally see. It'll be that they're all excited about this little red thing they see, and it's just a kerb painted red, but they run over there. You see this happen enough times, and you realise you need to lead their eye the other way. You can say the player's wrong the first couple of times, but you get real clarity when the tenth person's still going to that little red thing and excited about it."
(I seem to remember Valve became obsessed with solving this problem after they had to stick a guy with a gun up on a platform way above you in Half-Life 2: Episode 1. Why? Because if you didn't have to aim up there at precisely that time then you wouldn't be facing the right way when one of those giant Combine ship things flew overhead. For a studio that sometimes sounds more like it's trying to save the world than develop video games, that one must have grated.)
Valve has released heatmaps for player behaviour in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, but pretty much every FPS developer has this stuff on the go, if only behind the scenes.
In both of those examples, you'll note that the studios would film the people testing their games. They do this partly so they can refer back to the videos and see exactly the process each player went through, but they also do it because they know that player testimony alone won't be reliable. People aren't great at analysing their own behaviour, especially when they're distracted, and often claim to hold opinions completely opposite to the ones they act out. I'm bored of using the example of the "Boycott Modern Warfare 2" Steam group showing everyone playing Modern Warfare 2 the day it came out, so how about something from the world of toilet paper? Consumers always say they're immune to TV advertising, but how many people - how many of you - subconsciously reach for Andrex because of the puppy on the TV?
This is a tough one for developers, too, because people may not always know what they want, but that won't stop them being extremely vocal if they think they know what they don't want. "It's a very delicate balance," is the way Victory Games' Tim Morten put it when he spoke to Eurogamer's Christian Donlan the other day. "On some past Command & Conquers, we've had a very vociferous audience, and the changes we've made to those that shouted the loudest were not necessarily the best for the game in general. This time we'll have the benefit of all this back-end data which we're hoping will really let us steer it in the right direction."
There's an inherent danger with this, though, for which I'll refer back to Wired's Halo 3 article. Thompson writes: "After each session [Randy] Pagulayan analyses the data for patterns that he can report to Bungie. For example, he produces snapshots of where players are located in the game at various points in time - five minutes in, one hour in, eight hours in - to show how they are advancing. If they're going too fast, the game might be too easy; too slow, and it might be too hard. He can also generate a map showing where people are dying, to identify any topographical features that might be making a battle onerous."
See, I love the fact that I don't get lost in games any more, or at least not so much (I'm still pretty stupid), but I'm also a little worried that all this data might be shaving down the artistic edges in a few places. Take the above example. What if those topographical features that are making a battle onerous are supposed to be making it onerous? What if it's a section where Master Chief is completely outgunned and you're supposed to feel like you only just survived? What if dying a couple of times is meant to give you a sense of your own limitations?
The test labs Bungie used for Halo 3 were owned by Microsoft, but you can bet the studio has a similar set-up available for Destiny.
Maybe Halo's a bad example. So what about, I dunno, Uncharted 2? The Uncharted series has issues with player agency, for sure, but it's nothing if not brave about what it gets you to do within its sometimes-crude limitations. Uncharted 2 has a whole section, deep into the game, where it pretty much just stops for half an hour. You can't run, you can't shoot - you can't even speak to anyone because nobody speaks English.
When I think of Uncharted 2, that's the section I remember most vividly. I enjoyed the train level as much as everyone else, and it's a wonderful game in many other ways, too, but that moment of friction - waking up with my adventure stalled by circumstances beyond my control, meeting new people and having to rebuild that lost momentum - is the part I loved. Putting it in there was about managing tempo, for sure - and, hey, I'm sure the data says that's good for players too - but it's also a brilliant touch of authorial intent that reminds you: someone made this.
If you're looking for the opposite, I read a press release recently from Splash Damage about its new game Dirty Bomb, which talked up the 'Echo' technology at work behind the scenes. "The project is led by Dave Johnston, creator of the world's most popular Counter-Strike map de_dust," Splash Damage splashed. "Dave knew that no level designer can be present every time their map is played, so he created proprietary technology that uses cloud-based services to collect every event in every game session, worldwide. Echo then visualises this data for developers, letting them improve Dirty Bomb's compatibility, balance, maps, character classes, skills, weapons, frame-rate, network latency, and - most importantly - team play."
The reverence is understandable - nobody likes a bad multiplayer map - but I hope it's not always used in preference to the designer's instincts. After all, de_dust, Johnston's most famous creation, was famously lopsided: the Terrorist team was more likely to be wiped out by racing through the tunnel side of the map and up the ramp, leading Valve (yeah, those guys again) to eventually rebalance it by introducing a stairway over there so the Terrorists could abort a charge if they sensed defeat. I like both incarnations, but I prefer the original precisely because it was lopsided: it meant that victories earned by taking that route felt sweeter.
"So you climb a ladder for about five minutes?" "Yes."
Meanwhile, the world heavyweight champion of authored experiences, of course, is Hideo Kojima. There are doubtless times during development when Metal Gear Solid is adjusted to make it a more even experience for the player - trimming enemies in this section, tweaking a level layout in that one - but, whether you love or hate his work, Metal Gear Solid doesn't give you the feeling that Kojima has a building full of play-testers hooked up to biometric systems analysing whether or not they want to hear his meditations on what it means to be a soldier. And if he is getting that feedback, you get the impression he is nodding politely and then going back to tweeting pictures of his dinner. That's a nice balance, and as we see more and more developers talking about their analytics and metrics, I hope it's one they also seek to preserve.
If we do, then maybe we'll see more games like Dishonored, and I'm sure we'd all like that. Dishonored was a slick, polished production in every respect - I am still in awe of the PC version's quick-load times - but it had a clear creative vision and when it came into contact with devious or confused players during production then it drew inspiration from them rather than blunting their instincts. Some developers, faced with players teleporting their way beyond the boundaries of their expected behaviour, would have stopped them horsing around. Arkane went the other way and made it a central feature.
Data's great, see, as long as there's a bit of art to how it's applied.
Facebook from its early days when it was known as thefacebook
Facebook Login Page. All Blue!
When you open Facebook, the first thing that you notice is the blue color it uses. Ever wondered why is Facebook so blue in color and not changing its color scheme?Ever since they started as 'thefacebook', Facebook has stayed with the blue color. Although major changes have been made in the Facebook theme since then, the major unchanged thing has been the blue color.: In its earlier days, thefacebook.com required you to have an .edu email id to join.Everywhere from its login page to Facebook groups, you find only blue.The reason for this is that Mark Zuckerberg, the young founder of Facebook is red-green color-blind and blue is the richest colour for him which he confirmed in an online interview with Leo Laporte.Another important commercial factor for using blue color is the fact that most colors tend to distract the viewers. Blue on the other hand acts as a transparent background to the main content as visible to the human brain due to which most popular websites tend to use the blue color. It can easily be called a webmaster's favorite color. Blue color is also sometimes referred to as 'Nirvana' for the brain.All these factors make blue a prominent color on Facebook.If you are bored with Facebook's blue theme and want a stylish theme, visit Change Facebook Theme
The Iranian parliament on Monday applauded the recent attack against the Israeli embassy in the Egyptian capital of Cairo, state media reported.
Ismaeil Kowsari, foreign policy committee spokesman, said the members of parliament had voiced full support for "the ransacking" of the embassy by Egyptian Muslims, news network Press TV reported.
Anti-Israeli protesters in front of the Israeli embassy in Cairo this week. Reuters
Thousands of Egyptians stormed the embassy Friday, climbing over a security wall, breaking windows, bursting inside, lighting fires, painting anti-Israel slogans and looting the mission's offices on the building's upper floors.
The administration of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has not made an official reaction but state-run television has played the incident prominently and called it a major new development in the Middle East.
Following the 1979 Islamic revolution, Iran declared Israel its political arch-foe and does not recognize its sovereignty.
Ahmadinejad has even called for the elimination of the Jewish state from the Middle East and suggested it be relocated to Europe or North America. He also questioned the historic dimensions of the massacre of Jews in World War II and termed the Holocaust a "fairy tale."
The Iranian establishment hopes that political changes in Cairo could force Egypt to revise its diplomatic relations with Israel.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
A new McClatchy-Marist poll was released today and it contained some that should give both the White House and President a cause for concern as they implement the President's new centrist strategy. According to the poll, Obama's approval rating has dropped to a new low of 42%. This decline is being fueled by a near doubling in his disapproval rating among Democrats.
According to McClatchy, Obama is struggling because Democrats are rebelling against his move to the middle. Obama's approval rating dropped among Democrats from 82% last month to 74% in December. More troubling than the decline in approval is the increase in disapproval. Obama's disapproval rating with Democrats has jumped from 11% in November to 21% in December. Obama's rating has also dropped with liberals. He has gone from 78% to 69%, and his disapproval rating has jumped from 14% to 22%. This entire shift can be attributed to Obama's compromise on the Bush tax cuts, and his base's outrage and rejection of the deal.
The President could compensate for the loss of some Democrats if his move to the middle was gaining him support with Independents, but as of right now this is not happening. Obama's approval rating remains flat lined at 39% and his disapproval ratings is stuck at 52%. This White House made the mistake of believing that their base was different from that of the GOP. It isn't. A significant piece of the Democratic base does not want a compromiser president. They want a fighter. What has most angered the part of the base that is upset is that Obama appeared to quickly give in to the Republican demands on the Bush tax cuts.
The appearance of a quick acquiescence returns us to what I see as the biggest problem this administration has. They don't understand or engage in the theater of politics. Much of what we see in politics every day is a show designed for the media and the base. The problem for this administration is that they don't want to engage in the presidential showmanship. For example, let's take look at what Obama could have done on the issue of the Bush tax cuts. Obama could have come out right away and said, “I am going to be sitting down and engaging in tough negotiations with the Republican leadership. They are going to have to meet certain demands of mine before any deal is reached, and my top demand is good faith gesture of passage of an extension of unemployment benefits.”
Instead of rushing into a deal with Republicans, the White House could have taken the couple of weeks to update America on the progress of the meetings. Even if they had had the framework of a deal hammered out, Obama could have continued to lobby for his priorities. That's part of the showmanship of politics. Obama could have announced an 11th hour deal on Christmas Eve to extend unemployment benefits and a temporary extension of the tax cuts. The President would have avoided looking like someone who weakly gave in to GOP demands. He would have appeared to a fighter who went tooth and nail with the Republicans and took it down to the wire. With a little patience and few strong public statements, Obama would have avoided a rebellion by his base.
The deal Obama made was good practical politics, but it has been an emotional disaster for some on the left. Much of this backlash is Obama's own creation. The President spent six weeks campaigning all across America on the issue of no additional tax cuts for the top 2% only to quickly reverse himself a month after Democrats lost the 2010 elections. To the base, this about face is hurtful and confusing. There are some on the left who don't trust Obama anymore.
The White House needs to start understanding the emotional component of governing. Their statements and decisions have emotional consequences. Obama's base isn't as logical and rational as he is. Obama needs to emotionally reconnect, and understand that some on the left want a fighter, not just a decider. The good news is that one strong battle with Republicans will get the base back. They aren't gone forever. Deep down inside they still support Obama. They just need to see that Obama supports them too.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Fareed Rafiq Zakaria (; born January 20, 1964) is an Indian-American journalist, political scientist, and author. He is the host of CNN's Fareed Zakaria GPS and writes a weekly column for The Washington Post.[2] He has been a columnist for Newsweek, editor of Newsweek International, and an editor at large of Time.[3]
Early life [ edit ]
Zakaria was born in Mumbai, India, to a Konkani Muslim family.[4][5] His father, Rafiq Zakaria, was a politician associated with the Indian National Congress and an Islamic theologian. His mother, Fatima Zakaria, was his father's second wife. She was for a time the editor of the Sunday Times of India.
Zakaria attended the Cathedral and John Connon School in Mumbai. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts from Yale University in 1986,[3] where he was president of the Yale Political Union, editor-in-chief of the Yale Political Monthly, a member of the Scroll and Key society, and a member of the Party of the Right. He later gained a Ph.D. in government from Harvard University in 1993,[3] where he studied under Samuel P. Huntington and Stanley Hoffmann, as well as international relations theorist Robert Keohane.[6]
Career [ edit ]
After directing a research project on American foreign policy at Harvard, Zakaria became the managing editor of Foreign Affairs in 1992, at the age of 28. Under his guidance, the magazine was redesigned and moved from a quarterly to a bimonthly schedule. He served as an adjunct professor at Columbia University, where he taught a seminar on international relations. In October 2000, he was named editor of Newsweek International,[3] and became a weekly columnist for Newsweek. In August 2010 he moved to Time to serve as editor at-large and columnist.[7] He writes a weekly column for The Washington Post and is a contributing editor for the Atlantic Media group, which includes The Atlantic Monthly.
He has published on a variety of subjects for The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, The New Yorker, The New Republic. For a brief period, he was a wine columnist for the web magazine Slate.[8][9]
Zakaria is the author of From Wealth to Power: The Unusual Origins of America's World Role (Princeton, 1998), The Future of Freedom (Norton, 2003), The Post-American World (2008), and In Defense of a Liberal Education (Norton, 2015). He co-edited The American Encounter: The United States and the Making of the Modern World (Basic Books) with James F. Hoge Jr. His last three books have both been New York Times bestsellers and The Future of Freedom and The Post American World have both been translated into more than 25 languages. In 2011 an updated and expanded edition of The Post-American World ("Release 2.0") was published.
Zakaria was a news analyst with ABC's This Week with George Stephanopoulos (2002–2007) where he was a member of the Sunday morning roundtable. He hosted the weekly TV news show, Foreign Exchange with Fareed Zakaria on PBS (2005–08). His weekly show, Fareed Zakaria GPS (Global Public Square), premiered on CNN in June 2008.[3] It airs twice weekly in the United States and four times weekly on CNN International, reaching over 200 million homes. It celebrated its 10th anniversary on June 5, 2018, as announced on the weekly foreign affairs show on CNN.
In 2013 he became one of the producers for the HBO series Vice, for which he serves as a consultant.
Zakaria, a member of the Berggruen Institute, additionally features as an interlocutor for the annual Berggruen Prize.[10][11][12]
Political views [ edit ]
Zakaria self-identifies as a "centrist",[13] though he has been described variously as a political liberal,[14] a conservative,[15] a moderate,[16] or a radical centrist.[17] George Stephanopoulos said of him in 2003, "He's so well versed in politics, and he can't be pigeonholed. I can't be sure whenever I turn to him where he's going to be coming from or what he's going to say."[15] Zakaria wrote in February 2008 that "Conservatism grew powerful in the 1970s and 1980s because it proposed solutions appropriate to the problems of the age", adding that "a new world requires new thinking".[18] He supported Barack Obama during the 2008 Democratic primary campaign and also for president. In January 2009 Forbes referred to Zakaria as one of the 25 most influential liberals in the American media.[14] Zakaria has stated that he tries not to be devoted to any type of ideology, saying "I feel that's part of my job... which is not to pick sides but to explain what I think is happening on the ground. I can't say, 'This is my team and I'm going to root for them no matter what they do.'"[13]
As a student at Yale University in the mid 1980s, Zakaria opposed anti-apartheid divestment and argued that Yale should not divest from its holdings in South Africa.[19]
Zakaria "may have more intellectual range and insights than any other public thinker in the West," wrote David Shribman in The Boston Globe.[20] In 2003, former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger told New York Magazine that Zakaria “has a first-class mind and likes to say things that run against conventional wisdom.”[15] However, in 2011, the editors of The New Republic included him in a list of "over-rated thinkers" and commented, "There's something suspicious about a thinker always so perfectly in tune with the moment."[21]
Zakaria's books include The Future of Freedom and The Post-American World. The Future of Freedom argues that what is defined as democracy in the Western world is actually "liberal democracy", a combination of constitutional liberalism and participatory politics. Zakaria points out that protection of liberty and the rule of law actually preceded popular elections by centuries in Western Europe, and that when countries only adopt elections without the protection of liberty, they create "illiberal democracy". The Post-American World, published in 2008 before the financial crisis, argued that the most important trend of modern times is the "rise of the rest," the economic emergence of China, India, Brazil, and other countries.[22]
From 2006, Zakaria has also criticized what he views as "fear-based" American policies employed not only in combating terrorism, but also in enforcing immigration and drug smuggling laws, and has argued in favor of decriminalization of drugs and citizenship for presently illegal immigrants to the United States of all backgrounds.[23][24][25] Referring to his views on Iran, Leon Wieseltier described Zakaria as a "consummate spokesman for the shibboleths of the White House and for the smooth new worldliness, the at-the-highest-levels impatience with democracy and human rights as central objectives of our foreign policy, that now characterize advanced liberal thinking about America's role in the world."[26]
Before the 2008 U.S. presidential election, Zakaria endorsed Barack Obama on his CNN program.[27] In May 2011 The New York Times reported that President Obama has "sounded out prominent journalists like Fareed Zakaria ... and Thomas L. Friedman" concerning Middle East issues.[28]
After the 9/11 attacks, in a Newsweek cover essay, "Why They Hate Us," Zakaria argued that Islamic extremism was not fundamentally rooted in Islam, nor could it be claimed a reaction to American foreign policy. He located the problem in the political-social-economic stagnation of Arab societies, which then bred an extreme, religious opposition. He portrayed Osama bin Laden as one in a long line of extremists who used religion to justify mass murder. Zakaria argued for an intergenerational effort to create more open and dynamic societies in Arab countries, and thereby helping Islam enter the modern world.[29]
Zakaria initially supported the 2003 invasion of Iraq.[15] He said at the time, "The place is so dysfunctional ... any stirring of the pot is good. America's involvement in the region is for the good."[15] He argued for a United Nations–sanctioned operation with a much larger force—approximately 400,000 troops—than was actually employed by the administration of President George W. Bush. However, he soon became a critic. In addition to objecting to the war plan, he frequently criticized the way the Bush administration was running the occupation of Iraq.[30] He argued against the disbanding of the army and bureaucracy yet supported the de-Baathification programs.[31] He continued to argue that a functioning democracy in Iraq would be a powerful new model for Arab politics but suggested that an honest accounting would have to say that the costs of the invasion had been much higher than the benefits. He opposed the Iraq surge in March 2007, writing that it would work militarily but not politically, still leaving Iraq divided among its three communities. Instead he advocated that Washington push hard for a political settlement between the Sunni Arabs, Shia Arabs, and Kurds, and begin a reduction in forces to only 60,000 troops.[30] He later wrote that the surge "succeeded" militarily but that it did not produce a political compact and that Iraq remains divided along sectarian lines, undermining its unity, democracy, and legacy.[32][33]
Zakaria supported the April 2017 U.S. missile strike against a Syrian government–controlled airbase. Zakaria praised President Trump's strike and said it was the moment "[he] became president of the United States.”[34]
Honors and awards [ edit ]
Zakaria has been nominated five times for the National Magazine Award, and won it once, for his columns and commentary. His show has won a Peabody Award[35] and been nominated for several Emmys. He was conferred India Abroad Person of the Year 2008 award on 20 March 2009, in New York.[36] Filmmaker Mira Nair, who won the award for year 2007, honored her successor.
He has received honorary degrees from Harvard University, Brown University, Duke University, Johns Hopkins University, the University of Miami, Oberlin College, Bates College, and the University of Oklahoma among others.[37] He was the 2000 Annual Orator of the Philomathean Society of the University of Pennsylvania.
In January 2010, Zakaria was given the Padma Bhushan award by the Indian government for his contribution to the field of journalism.[38]
He serves on the board of the Council on Foreign Relations, the New America Foundation, Columbia University's International House, City College of New York's Colin Powell School for Civic and Global Leadership, and Shakespeare and Company.[citation needed] He was a trustee of Yale Corporation, the governing body of Yale University[39] and the Trilateral Commission.[citation needed]
Controversies [ edit ]
Role in the 2003 invasion of Iraq [ edit ]
In his 2006 book State of Denial, journalist Bob Woodward of The Washington Post described a 29 November 2001, meeting of Middle East analysts, including Zakaria, that was convened at the request of the then Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz. According to a story in The New York Times on Woodward's book, the Wolfowitz meeting ultimately produced a report for President George W. Bush that supported the subsequent invasion of Iraq. Zakaria, however, later told The New York Times that he had briefly attended what he thought was "a brainstorming session".[40] He was not told that a report would be prepared for the President, and in fact, the report did not have his name on it. The Times issued a correction.[41]
Debate on the Park51 Islamic Center [ edit ]
In 2010, in protest at the Anti-Defamation League's opposition to the building of the Park51 mosque and Islamic cultural center two blocks from the World Trade Center site, Zakaria returned the Hubert H. Humphrey First Amendment Freedoms Prize awarded to him by the ADL in 2005. He declared that the ADL's opposition to the mosque meant that he could not "in good conscience keep [the award] anymore". In support of his decision, he stated that the larger issue in the controversy is freedom of religion in America, even while acknowledging that he is not a religious person. He also wrote that a "moderate, mainstream version of Islam" is essential to winning the war on terror, and that moves like the ADL's make it harder for such a moderate version of Islam to emerge and thrive.[42][43][44] On 8 August 2010, edition of Fareed Zakaria GPS, Zakaria addressed the issue, stating that in returning his award, he had hoped that the ADL would reconsider their stance.[45]
Plagiarism allegations [ edit ]
Fareed Zakaria in 2013
Zakaria was suspended for a week in August 2012 while Time and CNN investigated an allegation of plagiarism[46] involving an August 20 column on gun control with similarities to a New Yorker article by Jill Lepore. In a statement Zakaria apologized, saying that he had made "a terrible mistake."[47][48][49] Six days later, after a review of his research notes and years of prior commentary, Time and CNN reinstated Zakaria. Time described the incident as "isolated" and "unintentional"; and CNN "... found nothing that merited continuing the suspension...."[50][51][52]
The controversy was reignited in September 2014, when Esquire and The Week magazines reported on allegations made in pseudonymous blogs.[53][54][55] Newsweek initially added a blanket warning to its archive of articles penned by Zakaria, but after an investigation of his several hundred columns for the magazine, found improper citation in only seven.[56][57] Similarly, after allegations surfaced on Twitter regarding the originality of one of Zakaria's columns for Slate, the online magazine appended a notice to the article indicating that, "This piece does not meet Slate's editorial standards, having failed to properly attribute quotations and information...".[58] However, Slate Editor-in-Chief Jacob Weisberg, who had, months before, exchanged barbs with one of the aforementioned anonymous bloggers on Twitter in defense of Zakaria,[59] maintained his original position that what Zakaria did was not plagiarism.[60]
Corrections to selected Zakaria columns were also issued by The Washington Post, which had responded to the initial allegations by telling the Poynter media industry news site that it would investigate.[61] Later on the same day, November 10, the Post said that it had found "problematic" sourcing in five Zakaria columns, "and will likely note the lack of attribution in archived editions of the articles."[62] However, editors at The Washington Post and Newsweek denied that Zakaria's errors constituted plagiarism.[60]
Personal life [ edit ]
Zakaria is a naturalized American citizen.[63] He currently resides in New York City. Zakaria is a self-described secular and nonpracticing Muslim. He added: "My views on faith are complicated—somewhere between deism and agnosticism. I am completely secular in my outlook."[64][65]
Bibliography [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
A man caught stuffing a beheaded swan into his rucksack said today that he did not know what sort of bird it was.
Hasan Fidan, 46, was fined after an angler photographed him killing the creature at a beauty spot.
Officers found the swan chopped into pieces and jammed into Fidan's freezer when they traced him to his home in Tonbridge, Kent.
In a law dating to the 12th century — when they were considered a delicacy — all mute swans are considered to belong to the monarch.
Today Fidan, originally from Turkey, said he did not realise he had broken the law by hunting one: “I did not know what type of bird it was. For me it was any type of bird. I didn't know the Queen owned them.
“I like the Queen very much. The moment the police told me what I did was wrong, I said I was sorry.”
He was arrested after angler Bob Morris, 64, saw him jump over a fence at Bennett's Lake in Hildenborough, Kent, grab a swan and behead it with a knife.
Mr Morris photographed Fidan stuffing the bird into his rucksack before running off.
At Sevenoaks magistrates' court last week, Fidan was fined £110, plus £85 costs and a £20 victim surcharge, after he admitted killing the swan on March 18.
He added: “I took it home, I took out the feathers, I cut it up and ate some of it. I wanted to see what it tasted like. It tasted nice. I put the rest in the freezer. When the police came to me and asked me if I had killed a bird, I said yes. I did not realise it was wrong. The police took away what was left in my freezer.
“I am sorry to everyone. I have been to court. I will pay my fine.” Fidan, who is unemployed, said he had been living in Britain since 2006.
He said one of the reasons he had hunted the bird was because he had been struggling to afford food.
Mr Morris, 64, who runs a rod-making firm in Dartford, said of the incident: “It was very unpleasant and left me quite shaken, but I managed to get the photo which helped get him caught.
“I was about 200ft away when I saw this man in a red jacket jump over a fence and grab a swan and sit down on it.
“He then took a knife and cut its head off at the bottom of the neck. I was stunned, I couldn't believe what I was seeing.”
The Boston Celtics will break up their typically bland exhibition slate this fall with a home-and-home preseason series against the Charlotte Hornets.
Outside of overseas trips, the Celtics haven't strayed from Atlantic Division opponents in recent years. That changes this preseason when Boston treks to Greensboro, North Carolina -- site of the Hornets' new NBA Development League entry -- for a game Oct. 6. The two teams then play an afternoon game two days later at Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville, Connecticut.
Boston Celtics 2016 preseason schedule Date Opponent Location Time (ET) Oct. 4 Philadelphia 76ers Mullins Center (Amherst, Mass.) 7 p.m. Oct. 6 Charlotte Hornets Greensboro Coliseum (Greensboro, N.C.) 7:30 p.m. Oct. 8 Charlotte Hornets Mohegan Sun Arena (Uncasville, Conn.) 3:30 p.m. Oct. 13 Brooklyn Nets Barclays Center (Brooklyn, N.Y.) 7:30 p.m. Oct. 15 New York Knicks Madison Square Garden (New York, N.Y.) 7:30 p.m. Oct. 17 Brooklyn Nets TD Garden (Boston, Mass.) 7:30 p.m. Oct. 19 New York Knicks TD Garden (Boston, Mass.) 7:30 p.m.
It's otherwise all Atlantic Division foes for the Celtics this preseason. Boston opens exhibition play Oct. 4 with a matchup against No. 1 pick Ben Simmons and the Philadelphia 76ers at the Mullins Center on the campus of UMass-Amherst.
The Celtics play the Brooklyn Nets and New York Knicks on their opponents' home turfs -- Oct. 13 at the Barclays Center and Oct. 15 at Madison Square -- before hosting the Nets and Knicks at TD Garden to close out their seven-game preseason schedule.
Boston's exhibition slate will be the first honest-to-goodness chance to see free-agent signee Al Horford and No. 3 pick Jaylen Brown in a Celtics uniform. Boston should be an intriguing team to watch in the preseason, with heavy competition for final roster spots as the team is already carrying more than the regular-season limit of 15 guaranteed contracts.
I've seen tons of articles and comments (especially comments) that tell us how bad, crappy and wrong is the concept of ORM (object-relational mapping). Here are the usual claims, and my comments to them:
“they are slow” – there is some overhead in mapping, but it is nothing serious. Chances are you will have much slower pieces of code.
“they generate bad queries which hurts performance” – first, it generates better queries than the regular developer would write, and second – it generates bad queries if you use bad mappings
“they deprive you of control” – you are free to execute native queries
“you don't need them, plain SQL and XDBC is fine” – no, but I'll discuss this in the next paragraph
“they force you to have getters and setters which is bad” – your entities are simple value objects, and having setters/getters is fine there. More on this below
“database upgrade is hard” – there are a lot of tools around the ORMs that make schema transition easy. Many ORMs have these tools built-in
But why do you need an ORM in the first place? Assume you decided not to use one. You write your query and get the result back, in the form of a ResultSet (or whatever it looks like in the language you use). There you can access each column by its name. The result is a type unsafe map-like structure. But the rest of your system requires objects – your front-end components take objects, your service methods need objects as parameters, etc. These objects are simple value-objects, and exposing their state via getters is nothing wrong. They don't have any logic that operates on their state, they are just used to transfer that state. If you are using a statically-typed language, you are most likely using objects rather than type-unsafe structures around your code, not to mention that these structures are database-access interfaces, and you wouldn't have them in your front-end code. So then a brilliant idea comes to your mind – “I will create a value object and transfer everything from the result set to it. Now I have the data in an object, and I don't need database-access specific interfaces to pass around in my code”. That's a great step. But soon you realize that this is a repetitive task – you are creating a new object and manually, field by field, transferring the result from your SQL query to that object. And you devise some clever reflection utility that reads the object fields, assumes you have the same column names in the DB, reads the result set and populates the object. Well, guess what – ORMs have been doing the same thing for years and years now. I bet theirs are better and work in many scenarios that you don't suspect you'll need. (And I will just scratch the surface of how odd is the process of maintaining native queries – some put them in one huge text file (ugly), others put them inline (how can the DBAs optimize them now?))
To summarize the previous paragraph – you will create some sort of ORM in your project, but yours will suck more than anything out there, and you won't admit it's ORM.
This is a good place to mention an utility called commons-dbutils (Java). It is a simple tool to map database results to objects that covers the basic cases. It is not an ORM, but it does what an ORM does – map the database to your objects. But there's something missing in the basic column-to-field mapper, and that's foreign keys and joins. With an ORM you can get the User's address in an Address field even though a JOIN would be required to fetch it. That's both a strength and a major weakness of ORMs. The *ToOne mappings are generally safe. But *ToMany collections can be very tricky, and they are very often misused. This is partly the fault of ORMs as they don't warn you in any way about the consequences of mapping a collection of, say, all orders belonging to a company. You will never and must never need to access that collection, but you can map it. This is an argument I've never heard from ORM haters, because they didn't get to this point.
So, are ORMs basically dbutils plus the evil and risky collection mapping? No, it gives you many extras, that you need. Dialects – you write your code in a database-agnostic way, and although you are probably not going to change your initially selected database vendor, it is much easier to use any database without every developer learning the culprits if its syntax. I've worked with MSSQL and Oracle, and I barely felt the pain in working with them. Another very, very important thing is caching. Would you execute the same query twice? I guess no, but if it happens to be in two separate methods invoked by a third method, it might be hard to catch, or hard to avoid. Here comes the session caching, and it saves you all duplicated queries to get some row (object) from the database. There is one more criticism to ORMs here – the session management is too complicated. I have mainly used JPA, so I can't tell about others, but it is really tricky to get the session management right. It is all for very good reasons (the aforementioned cache, transaction management, lazy mappings, etc.), but it is still too complicated. You would need at least one person on the team that has a lot of experience with a particular ORM to set it up right.
But there's also the 2nd level cache, which is significantly more important. This sort of thing is what allows services like facebook and Twitter to exist – you stuff your rarely-changing data in (distributed) memory and instead of querying the database every time, you get the object from memory, which is many times faster. Why is this related to ORMs? Because the caching solution can usually be plugged into the ORM and you can store the very same objects that the ORM generated, in memory. This way caching becomes completely transparent to your database-access code, which keeps it simple and yet performant.
So, to summarize – ORMs are doing what you would need to do anyway, but it is almost certain that a framework that's been around for 10 years is better than your homegrown mapper, and they are providing a lot of necessary and important extras on top of their core functionality. They also have two weak points (they both practically say “you need to know what you are doing”):
they are easy to misuse, which can lead to fetching huge, unnecessary results from the database. You can very easily create a crappy mapping which can slow down your application. Of course, it is your responsibility to have a good mapping, but ORMs don't really give you a hand there
their session management is complicated, and although it is for very good reasons, it may require a very experienced person on the team to set things up properly
I've never seen these two being used as arguments against ORMs, whereas the wrong ones in the beginning of this article are used a lot, which leads me to believe that people raging against ORMs rarely know what they are talking about.
As you're aware by now, CBS and NFL Network will air the 16-game Thursday Night Football package in 2014. Last week at the Television Critics Association meeting in Los Angeles, we got a little glimpse of what we'll see on the expanded schedule.
Here's what we know about the new Thursday Night Football.
Better Games
Thursday Night Football will consist of division rivalry games. And in the CBS portion of the schedule from Weeks 2 through 8, you'll see matchups like Pittsburgh at Baltimore, New York Giants at Washington, New York Jets at New England and San Diego at Denver.
In the NFL Network portion, the schedule is weaker with games like Cleveland at Cincinnati and Buffalo at Miami. But the schedule is a giant improvement from past years.
Jim Nantz and Phil Simms all season
CBS will produce the games and even when it's not airing the second half of Thursday Night Football, it will be a CBS production crew at the helm of the controls. It means Jim Nantz and Phil Simms will call the entire Thursday Night Fotoball schedule. Sideline reporter Tracy Wolfson will join the crew and cover the NFL full-time. In the first half of the season, CBS and NFL Network will simulcast the games from Weeks 2-8.
Any mention of “Redskins”?
Speaking to the TCA participants, CBS Sports Chairman Sean McManus said it will be up to the individual announcers if they want to mention “Redskins” when Washington is on the network. On Thursday Night Football, Washington will be on Week 4 when it hosts the Giants. It'll be up to Nantz and Simms if they want to mention the mascot. And Washington is on again in Week 16 as part of a Saturday night doubleheader. CBS will either air Philadelphia at Washington or San Diego at San Francisco.
What about the Season Opener and Thanksgiving Night games?
How about the NFL season opener which will be Green Bay at Seattle and the Thanksgiving Night Game between San Francisco and Seattle. Aren't those played on Thursday Night as well? Will they be on CBS/NFL Network?
No. NBC purchased the Season Opener when it returned to the NFL in 2006 and bought the rights to the Thanksgiving Night Game in 2012. They belong to NBC and will remain with the Peacock through the duration of this new TV contract.
Any games in 3-D?
No. McManus told the TCA, “What we found out was, it's really not a very good way to watch a sporting event, with the camera moving back and forth quickly. The reception that we got was very lukewarm. ESPN made the decision not to pursue it. We made the decision…not to pursue it. I don't think you'll see anybody in the near future or perhaps the distant future really pursuing 3-D coverage.”
But McManus pointed out that the future is 4K, super high-definition and the camera that flies over the field providing overhead shots will be in 4K for the first time. Whether you'll be able to notice a difference is up to your individual vision.
McManus said there will be a camera hovering over the goal line to give better views of scoring plays.
Ratings
CBS expects good ratings from Thursday Night Football. CBS Chairman and CEO Les Moonves said “This is a sure thing.” Will it get better ratings than NBC's Sunday Night Football? Time will tell, however, advertisers are treating TNF a notch higher than ESPN's Monday Night Football.
Will CBS keep TNF Beyond This Year?
It has a one-year contract and a one-year option. The NFL can put the games back up for bid in 2015. What's interesting is that CBS was not the high bidder for the package paying $275 million for the schedule in what was expected to be a $400 million pricetag. It fought off bids from Turner, ESPN, NBC and Fox to win the contract.
CBS is hoping to make Thursday Night Football into a long-term franchise, but it's using the 2014 season as an audition for the NFL. Under this contract, CBS will not get any extra postseason games. We'll see if CBS is able to keep TNF and get any new playoff games in any future deal.
So as we enter the new season, Thursday Night Football will have a new look, new announcers and a stronger schedule. How it translates in ratings and viewership for CBS will be the next story to follow.
[Entertainment Weekly]
Berkshire Hathaway Chairman Warren Buffett holds a Dairy Queen ice cream bar and answers reporters' questions as his wanders the company trade show before the Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting in Omaha, Nebraska April 30, 2011. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
(Reuters) - Ice cream and fast-food restaurant chain Dairy Queen has confirmed a security breach that may have compromised the payment card information of customers at several hundred locations across 46 U.S. states.
Computers at Dairy Queen locations, and one Orange Julius smoothie stores, were infected by the malicious software, Backoff, which has been targeting retailers since it first surfaced a year ago, International Dairy Queen said late on Thursday.
The Edina, Minnesota-based company is a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
“We are committed to working with and supporting our affected DQ and Orange Julius franchise owners to address this incident,” John Gainor, chief executive of International Dairy Queen, said in a statement.
The malware infected computers at 395 of its more than 4,500 U.S. locations, exposing the names, numbers and expiration dates of customer payment cards, the statement said. There is no indication that other personal information, including card PINs, social security numbers or email addresses were stolen, it said.
International Dairy Queen said it is offering free identity repair services for one year to customers in the United States who made purchases at any of the effected restaurants.
Stores in four states, Rhode Island, Vermont, Hawaii and Louisiana, did not appear to be impacted by the breach, the company said.
The U.S. government has released reports on several types of malicious software that cyber criminals have used to steal payment cards in the wake of last year's breach on Target Corp, which resulted in the theft of some 40 million card numbers.
Backoff, first identified in October 2013, is capable of scraping computer memory for track data and logging keystrokes, the U.S. Department Of Homeland Security warned retailers in July.
Ethereum is not the only cryptocurrency experiencing skyrocketing prices. Prices of the sixth largest cryptocurrency LiteCoin are also going through the roof.
Litecoin prices rose by 70% on March 30, 2017, going from $4.18 to $7.04 a piece in just a few hours. The price is far from Litecoin's all-time high of $48 each reached in 2013, but it was impressive enough to ignite speculation that the digital money might become the next ethereum.
Ethereum has been experiencing a bull market for several weeks. Its price has gone from $10.71 on February 1, 2017, to $52.46 on March 30, 2017, Coinbase data indicates.
There are several theories about ethereum's rise floating around; including volatility in the bitcoin market, fears that the Chinese government is about to crackdown on bitcoin and increased interest in cryptocurrencies because of bitcoin's recent performance. Not surprisingly some investors are beginning to wonder if Litecoin will become the new ethereum.
Is Litecoin the New Ethereum?
There are some similarities between ethereum and litecoin both are attempts to create a globally decentralized cryptocurrency. Both currencies also aim to be more respectable alternatives to bitcoin.
Most intriguingly both solutions are open-sourced products. Ethereum is based on the popular open-sourced operating system Linux. Litecoin is built on the MIT/X11 license which gives anybody the ability to modify, distribute and copy it.
Another similarity is that both Litecoin and ethereum offer far more transparency than bitcoin. We know the names of the creators of both, Vitalik Buterin co-created ethereum, and former Google employee Charles Lee launched Litecoin.
The similarity to ethereum might account for the growth in Litecoin's prices. A strong possibility is that investors and speculators are looking for a more sophisticated cryptocurrency than bitcoin. A good case can be made that both Litecoin and ethereum are better and more sophisticated payment solutions than bitcoin.
Is Coinbase Responsible for the Litecoin Boom?
Another cause of the Litecoin price increase might be the highly respected U.S. trading and digital wallet solution: Coinbase. Coinbase became the first business to receive a license to trade litecoin in New York State on March 23, Coin Desk reported.
Since Coinbase also got a license to trade ethereum in the state at the same time, the possibility is a strong one. The Empire State even gave the cryptocurrencies some free publicity in the form of a statement from Maria Vullo, the Superintendent of its Department of Financial Services (DFS).
“DFS has proven that the state regulatory system is the best way to supervise and cultivate a thriving fintech industry, like virtual currency,” Vullo said. “New York will remain steadfast in pushing back against federal encroachment efforts like the OCC's (Office of the Comptroller of the Currency) proposal to impose a one-size-fits-all national bank charter that increases risk and seeks to usurp state sovereignty.”
Coinbase's action demonstrates the similarities between litecoin and ethereum. It and DFS's approval demonstrate the utility and safety of both products to investors. This indicates that litecoin's prices like ethereum's should experience significant growth for at least the next few weeks.
Litecoin might soon establish itself as a viable alternative to both ethereum and bitcoin.
Feature
Apple's research and development related expenses have grown by 33 percent this year and are on pace to top $4 billion in fiscal 2013, as the company toils away on new "surprises" in its top-secret labs.
Apple spent an additional $278 million on research and development expenses in the recently concluded March quarter, the company revealed this week in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as discovered by AppleInsider. Compared to the same period in 2012, it's an increase of 33 percent.R&D spending for the first six months of Apple's fiscal year 2013 is now up $530 million year over year, which is also a 33 percent increase from the first six months of fiscal 2012. At that pace, spending will grow by more than $1 billion this year alone.In the SEC filing, Apple said the new expenses were "due to an increase in headcount and related expenses to support expanded R&D activities." It characterized such expenses as "critical to its future growth," and signaled that further investments in research and development will continue.At its current pace, Apple should easily surpass $4 billion total in research and development expenses this fiscal year. In comparison, Apple spent a total of $3.4 billion on R&D in fiscal 2012.Apple's R&D expenses have continued to swell in the last few years. Last year alone, Apple's total R&D investment rose by 39 percent, or $953 million.While R&D spending is growing at a noteworthy clip, the money spent is still a fraction of what Apple collects in cash and investments. Apple's cash pile swelled to nearly $145 billion last quarter, which has prompted the company to spend $100 billion through the end of calendar 2015 on share repurchases and dividend payouts.Of course, it's the development of new products that boosts Apple's bottom line, which is why outsiders have become so curious as to what the company might be working on. Since the unveiling of the iPad mini last October, Apple has not held a keynote presentation to launch a major new product.While new iPhones, iPads and Macs are expected to debut by this fall , speculation has been rampant that Apple is working on devices that could enter the company into new product categories where it does not currently compete. Rumored products include a low-cost iPhone that could be sold affordably without a contract subsidy, a full-fledged television set , and even a wearable smart wrist watch Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook fueled speculation when he said during his company's quarterly earnings conference call on Tuesday that there are "a lot more surprises in the works" at Apple. He also said that Apple was looking at offering devices in new product categories, as well as new services, in comments that were unusually candid for the normally tight-lipped operation.
WATCH: Marianne Dimain has the details of how one U of T grad made herself stand out from the crowd of job applicants.
TORONTO – How far would you go to land a job? For one recent grad from the University of Toronto, a sandwich board and a little resourcefulness landed her a job in industry of her dreams.
Last month Xingyi Yan stood outside for seven days wearing a board that said “U of T grad for hire take resume.” Fifteen job interviews later, she landed a search analyst job in the Bay street office of Reprise Media, a division of IPG Mediabrands.
“I gave up a lot to get this job,” said Yan from her new desk. “So I'm so happy to get what I want finally.”
Yan started her job on Monday. The company says when they heard about her unique job campaign, they were impressed with how resourceful she was.
WATCH: Global News talks with Rick Spence about the challenges faced by young people looking for work.
“She was just completely separated herself from anyone else we have ever interviewed before,” said Joseph McConellogue, managing director of Reprise Media. “She came in with a fully equipped PowerPoint deck, a beautiful PowerPoint and basically pitched herself to us.”
Yan isn't the first to try to use unique methods to get an employers attention. Though it doesn't always work, experts say its important for applicants to make sure they stand out.
“They are essentially clones of the hundreds of thousands of other students who are leaving school and going into the world of employment,” said Lauren Friese of Talentegg. “It's incredibly critical that as a student or soon to be recent grad you help employers differentiate you from the other candidates.”
Talentegg is an online career resource for new grads that has helped a long list of clients find jobs. With the current unemployment rate around 13.3 per cent, Talentegg says students should start applying as soon as their final year begins.
But sometimes going too far out of the box could backfire.
“Sometimes it works out and it's awesome and everyone's happy and its celebrated, but it can backfire if it comes across as inappropriate,” said Friese.
Lucky for Yan it worked out in her favour. She now has this message for recent grads.
“Don't be afraid to do something creative because you only live once and life is short,” said Yan.
In the nascent bitcoin trading industry, it's hard to settle on one price each day. Because it's a relatively thinly traded market, and that is compounded by the fact that cryptocurrencies are traded 24/7, exchanges all over the globe vary widely when it comes to how much a single bitcoin is worth, with exchanges in China, where volumes are highest, typically showing higher prices.
Cryptocurrency exchange Gemini, founded by investors and former Olympians Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, on Wednesday launches a new feature that could help buyers and sellers better find the true price of a bitcoin on any given day.
Watch on Forbes:
The New York-based exchange will hold a 10-minute BTC/USD auction at 4pm Eastern Time every day. The auction will concentrate liquidity into a short time frame, settle on the price that will allow the greatest amount of buy and sell orders to be fulfilled, and result in an official end-of-day price that can be used for, say, accounting or calculating returns.
"Daily auctions are common features in mature electronic marketplaces because they provide greater price discovery, liquidity and transparency. In launching our daily auction feature we are trying to bring the same modern trading mechanisms to the Bitcoin market,” wrote Tyler Winklevoss, Gemini chief executive officer, in an email. Auctions are common in other equities markets and the markets of other asset classes, and Gemini will employ technology similar to that used by traditional exchanges such as Nasdaq, the New York Stock Exchange and Bats Global Markets.
The launch of the auction is yet another sign of the professionalization of the space, which has seen the entrance of market makers and other traders with professional backgrounds over the last year or two, plus efforts, including one by the Winklevoss twins, at creating Bitcoin ETFs that could attract more retail and institutional investors with a more easily investable security. (There are a few other existing investment products such as the Bitcoin Investment Trust, GBTC, a private placement product that trades on the open market after the initial purchaser holds it for a year, but no ETFs.) A couple years ago, the Winklevoss brothers launched the Winkdex, a blended Bitcoin price index using data from the top three exchanges by volume. This fall, CME Group , one of the world's largest derivatives companies, will launch a once-a-day Bitcoin reference rate and a real-time price index, paving the way for even more financial products to be built on top of Bitcoin.
Bats CEO Chris Concannon wrote in an email, “We view the launch of an end-of-day auction as a significant step forward for Gemini and the bitcoin industry.”
The auction feature could be especially appealing to traders buying or selling large quantities of Bitcoin who typically can't place such big orders on exchanges without moving the price. They instead make over-the-counter trades with cryptocurrency trading firms such as Genesis Trading, Cumberland Mining and Binary Financial, where minimums are typically $25,000 or $50,000 (about 40 or 80 Bitcoin at the current exchange rate of roughly $600 at press time). These companies call around to various trading partners who can include cryptocurrency miners (entities who maintain the network and are rewarded in new coins), other brokerages or other institutions with large holdings in Bitcoin, to see who can fulfill the trade. Sometimes, orders can be so large they are fulfilled throughout the day. (Although no hard figures exist for OTC trading volume, it is considered to be significant compared to exchange volume, if not greater than, simply due to the size of the transactions.)
The auction could make the process of buying or selling large quantities of Bitcoin much more efficient by bringing buyers and sellers together in one place at one time. "By facilitating deeper liquidity and incorporating more economic information, we believe our daily auctions will result in better price discovery and allow Gemini participants to trade more with less price impact,” Gemini president Cameron Winklevoss wrote in an email.
Trades via Gemini's auction are eligible for the exchange's fee discounts, including a 0.15% rebate. OTC trades typically cost 1-2%.
The auction trades also settle instantly, in comparison to OTC trades that may require phone calls, emails and other paperwork to complete, and eliminate counterparty risk since they must be pre-funded, in contrast to OTC trades during which the counterparty could back out.
The auction will take place each day from 3:50pm ET to 4pm (21:00 UTC during the winter and 20:00 UTC during the summer in New York), but Gemini customers can place orders beginning at 5pm ET the day before by choosing one of two order types — auction-only market orders which will be filled at any price only during the auction, and auction-only limit orders which the exchange will attempt to fill at the specified price or better during the auction.
At 3:50pm the day of the auction, Gemini's market data API (software that traders can connect to via computer programs) and its website will broadcast the “indicative price” — or the price that the trades would be settled at if the auction were to occur then. It will redo and rebroadcast this calculation every minute until 3:59pm at which point any orders designated “auction-only” are locked in and cannot be canceled. All active orders, including those not marked auction-only, may be included in the auction and influence its price. And any auction-only limit orders that cannot be filled by the final auction price will be canceled and sent back to the customer.
Gemini plans to roll out the feature for its other trading pairs, ETH/USD and ETH/BTC, with ETH representing Ether, the cryptocurrency of the Ethereum network, known for its ability to run programs of self-executing code, or smart contracts.
Last week at the NBA Board of Governor's meeting, there were many questions for Sacramento's group and for the NBA on whether or not Sacramento had matched Seattle's bid. The bid was on everyone's mind considering a few weeks earlier David Stern publicly stated that Sacramento's offer was well short and featured a "substantial variance".
The questions were not definitively answered last week either, although worries about Sacramento's bid being short seemed to be alleviated when Commissioner David Stern told reporters as he was leaving that the bid was "not an issue".
Today we got the first definitive statement on Sacramento's bid, courtesy of CA State Senate pro Tem Darrell Steinberg.
Sen. Steinberg: "...Sacramento has made not only a fully competitive offer, but an offer that matches dollar-for-dollar the Seattle offer." — David Bienick (@kcrabienick) April 10, 2013
For reference, Seattle's bid as first reported by Yahoo!'s Adrian Wojnarowski is $341 million for 65% of the franchise (which equals a total valuation of $525 million).
It's unclear how Seattle's $30 million non-refundable deposit factors into all of this. Carmichael Dave wrote that he had heard Sacramento's offer was $30 million less than Seattle's because either way the Maloofs would come out with the same amount of money.
Still, today's statement by Sen. Steinberg should settle any doubts that Sacramento's group isn't ponying up the cash to keep the team here.
As always, we'll update with any new information as it comes in.
UPDATE 2:20 P.M.:
As always, there's more than one side to a story and they haven't been calling this a roller-coaster ride for nothing.
Per Kelly Johnson:
Steinberg did NOT say #Sacramento matched #Seattle's bid for #Kings, only that Sac made a competitive bid, his spokesman says. — Kelly Johnson (@KellyJohnsonBiz) April 10, 2013
Hopefully we'll get some clarity on this issue soon. David Bienick, who originally reported Steinberg's comment about "dollar-for-dollar", has not posted audio from his interview although he has published this article. In it, Bienick repeats the original quote and then adds:
When asked to clarify his "dollar-for-dollar" statement, Steinberg answered, "I just mean it is a fully competitive offer.
It's possible the original "dollar-for-dollar" quote might have been a slip of the tongue on Steinberg's part, as neither Sacramento nor Seattle have publicly discussed their bids outside of vague terms, likely on orders from the NBA.
UPDATE 2:37 P.M.:
For fairness, here's Seattle's Chris Daniels with his take as well as Steinberg offering some clarification to the Bee's Ryan Lillis
Source close to #NBAKings negotiations says there is NOT a matching offer to Seattle bid, and numbers are still "way off". — Chris Daniels (@ChrisDaniels5) April 10, 2013
Source close to #NBAKings negotiations also chuckled because Sen. Steinberg is not part of investment team. — Chris Daniels (@ChrisDaniels5) April 10, 2013
Sen. Steinberg tells me: I don't want to get too precise here, but it's as strong as the Seattle offer. It's equivalent to the Seattle offer — Ryan Lillis (@Ryan_Lillis) April 10, 2013
Steinberg says he knows Sacramento bid for #NBAKings but can't share. Says it is "strong and fully competitive." — Ryan Lillis (@Ryan_Lillis) April 10, 2013
In short, nobody, on either side, knows what the hell is going on.
Roundabout May Bring London Revival of Gypsy to Broadway
The production would mark Imelda Staunton's Broadway debut.
The recent London revival of Gypsy, starring Imelda Staunton as the world's most famous stage mother, Rose, may be heading to Broadway, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
The industry website reports that the Roundabout Theatre Company is currently in discussion with producers Michael Harrison and David Ian about staging the revival on Broadway. Roundabout declined comment to the Hollywood Reporter, which speculates the Jonathan Kent-directed production might be part of the company's 2016-17 season. No other details were reported.
Among Roundabout's recent musical productions are the Broadway revivals of On the Twentieth Century, Cabaret and the current She Loves Me.
Staunton, who performed “Everything's Coming Up Roses” at the recent Olivier Awards, won the Best Actress in a Musical Olivier for her work as Rose. The production also earned three other Oliviers: Best Musical Revival, the White Light Award for Best Lighting Design and Best Actress in a Supporting Role in a Musical for Lara Pulver.
Gypsy ran at London's Savoy Theatre March 28-November 28, 2015.
The Jule Styne-Stephen Sondheim-Arthur Laurents musical was last seen on Broadway in 2008 starring Patti LuPone, Boyd Gaines and Laura Benanti, who all won Tony Awards for their performances. Other Broadway Roses include Ethel Merman, Angela Lansbury, Tyne Daly and Bernadette Peters.
Between January and November 2014, I contacted 117 ASX listed companies in the industry sectors Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences, Health Care Equipment & Services, and Household & Personal Products.
After downloading from the ASX website a list of all companies in these three industry sectors, I excluded those that had been delisted, appeared to be non-operational (e.g. the share price was $0), or provided no email address or web contact on the company's website. That left 118 companies, of which I contacted 117 (one company states on their website that they use animal testing, and I did not contact this company).
I asked three questions:
Does your company conduct or commission research that involves animals?
If so, to what extent does your company adhere to the 3R's principle (reduction, refinement and replacement)?
Does your company allocate any funding toward the development and validation of non-animal research methods?
Thirty-nine (39) companies responded. Of these, 22 advised that they do not – directly or indirectly – use animals as part of their research for the benefit of humans (one of these companies uses non-invasive animal research for the benefit of animals and humans). Three companies indicated a policy of non-disclosure. Some of the others pointed to regulatory requirements for animal research. While, to my knowledge there is no regulatory requirement for animal testing in Australia, companies operate in a global environment. For example, the U.S. FDA requires animal testing for medical products.
Of the companies that still use animal testing, nine indicated that they adhere to the 3Rs and/or that an animal ethics committee overseas the research. The 3Rs refer to replacement (not using animals where possible), reduction (reducing the number of animals used) and refinement (minimising impact).
Nine companies indicated that they invest in the development of alternatives to animal research.
Below is a list of the companies that reported no animal testing and/or allocating resources to the development of non-animal methods:
Anteo Diagnostics Limited (ADO) — No animal testing.
Australian Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (API) — No animal testing.
Azure Healthcare Limited (AZV) – No animal testing.
Brain Resource Limited (BRC) – No animal testing.
Cogstate Limited (CGS) – No animal testing. This company allocate funding toward the development and validation of non-animal research methods.
Compumedics Limited (CMP) – No animal testing.
Fisher & Paykel Healthcare Corporation Limited (FPH) — This company allocates funding toward the development and validation of non-animal research methods.
Genera Biosystems Limited (GBI) – No animal testing.
Genetic Technologies Limited (GTG) – No animal testing.
Icsglobal (ICS) — No animal testing.
Impedimed Limited (IPD) — No animal testing.
Innate Immunotherapies Limited (IIL) – This company develops non-animal methods for testing.
LBT Innovations Limited (LBT) – No animal testing.
OBJ Limited (OBJ) – No animal testing. This company allocates resources toward testing models using non-animal biomaterials.
OncoSil Medical Limited (OSL) — No animal testing.
Pental Limited (PTL) – No animal testing.
Phosphagenics Limited (POH) – This company has developed several cell-based non-animal drug screening methods.
Ramsay Health Care Limited (RHC) – No animal testing.
Regeneus Limited (RGS) – This company uses testing on animals that are naturally suffering from the disease. It has “a number of research projects aimed at developing assays that can be used instead of animal research methods”.
Resmed Inc (RMD) — No testing on products, but limited biocompatibility testing on materials.
Resonance Health Limited (RHT) – No animal testing.
Rhinomed Limited (RNO) – No animal testing.
Sonic Healthcare Limited (SHL) – No animal testing.
Suda Ltd (SUD) – This company conducts animal testing, but has “developed a number of in vitro tests that now replace the use of animals in some studies”.
Summerset Group Holdings Limited (SNZ) – No animal testing.
Sun Biomedical Limited (SBN) – No animal testing.
USCOM Limited (UCM) – No animal testing. This company develops non-animal methods.
Virtus Health Limited (VRT) – No animal testing. This company allocates resources toward the development and validation of non-animal research methods.
More detail here.
Advertisements
About a year ago I interviewed Davey Wreden and William Pugh about the architecture of The Stanley Parable but never published the article. I'd been thinking about how the game intertwines narration and level design for a while, but it was a gif which finally converted solo pondering into getting the pair on Skype. Here's what happened when Wreden and Pugh dug into the ideas behind The Stanley Parable's disorienting and utterly impossible building.
CAUTION: There will be spoilers.
“The two doors is definitely the purest choice,” says Pugh.
He is talking about that first decision in the game. Do you go left as the narrator dictates or do you go right in your first act of open defiance?
“That's completely symmetrical,” he says. “We didn't want to feel like the player was being pushed by the game world. We didn't want that to overshadow the narrator at that point. When you get there for the first time we've got to manage very carefully what information the player has when making decisions. If we'd made one corridor darker and one lighter that would have spun it in a different direction. We want that [choice] to be the first step in the relationship the player takes with the narrator and we didn't want the level design to get in the way there.”
The narrator's bias was one of Pugh's guiding principles when designing the office space. Through development he kept returning to the question, “What would the narrator think an office would look like?” If you try exploring the game with this phrase in mind you start noticing what's lacking – wastepaper baskets, keyholes for locked doors, coffee machines despite the multiple cups of coffee, employee toilets – things which might be omitted from a cursory narrative description as functional rather than important to the story.
The relationship between the narrator's script and the space in which you play is the result of an ongoing dialogue of tweaks between Wreden and Pugh. One of the two would add an element make a change and the other would respond by adding their own tweaks and ideas. Maybe Pugh would make a change to the environment and Wreden would see it and use it to flesh out his understanding of the narrator.
“A lot of the depth and granularity of detail in the narrative and the environment came because over the course of development there were so many ping pong moments,” says Wreden. “What if this were part of the environment? What would this mean for the narrative? I think employee 432 is prob the best example of that.”
According to Pugh employee 432 pre-dates almost everything else in the game. “When we were bored and making an environment or something I'd keep adding loads of little things in the game all referencing 432, then towards the end we thought we'd just go a bit crazy and put a load of things around all referencing employee 432. We're really happy because people went crazy and started theorising about it.”
There's actually a break in the transcription here because Pugh and Wreden started googling employee 432 to send me an image and got caught up excitedly clicking through a bunch of posts from players chatting about the importance of 432. “There was a seed planted,” says Wreden, “and all of the details were little opportunities throughout development. We can add something there or over here. To see people play it and pick up on those details is really fascinating.”
But back to the main space itself – the impossible office.
“It's interesting how the design of the space changed over development,” says Wreden. “It had previously been an office, a building, a theoretical space somewhere. There was a point that was crucial for me where we decided that we wanted the space to feel really alive. To do that we started changing the actual layout and design as you play. Some of the changes are more subtle than others but I feel like what we were trying to get at was a space which literally feels unknowable because it's morphing and melding around your expectations and knowledge of it. I came to see the building as another character. I felt it was really powerful for players to continually rediscover the office itself – the actual building.”
That repetition and rediscovery was key to Pugh too. “There's a load of interesting stuff I got to do with Stanley because you're moving through this space more than once. You know it but then you don't anymore. In some really monotonous buildings you can find a place that looks like another place and you turn a corner and oh no! I'm not over there, I'm all the way over here. That was a really fun effect we could get with the Confusion Ending.” (The game, as you probably know, has a number of endings – this one involves a series of narrative resets as the narrator grows ever-more frustrated at his inability to find the story.)
“Usually people had played through the game a few times before they got there. They start in the opening section and the narration is all the same so they're planning in their head that they'll go left then right and so on to get to a different ending but before they can make the first choice it brings you back into a different kind of space.” The narrator's dictation of and response to the space ends up functioning as a kind of unreliable audio signage system.
“There's a great article [it's the one by Electron Dance's Joel Goodwin] about The Stanley Parable which put it into words I've never said before but they felt so true – that when you follow everything the narrator says and exit out of the big giant door the game takes a hold of the camera and walks you straight forward. It's the most frustrating moment in the entire game because all you want to do is turn around and look at where you've been. To see what is this building? What is this structure I've been inside? From the inside it's so unknowable.”
Pretty much everything beyond the deliberately balanced first left or right choice has a degree of manipulation applied to the level design. For example you can choose to go up or down a set of stairs. “There's a lot of sound design in that,” says Pugh. “As you climb higher the sound opens up slightly so it's less claustrophobic. If you go down it's a lot more tense and in your face. It's something people don't notice but it's there and subconsciously informs their perception of the space they're in.
“With the escape path or the mind control facility, the lighting there is important. In The Stanley Parable if we lit it realistically it would look horrible so we've had to use a lot of simulated lighting and invisible lamps to bring it to a nice light. That helped play a lot with how players perceive a space. Like the red and blue door. If you keep taking the blue door the space is transformed by the lighting. At the start there's natural light flowing onto the red door to promote this kind of positive nice feeling there but as you continually disobey, the lighting gets a lot more ugly – the fluorescent lamp turns on and makes an ugly noise.”
In terms of more obvious level design sleight of hand, you might become aware that one corridor is much longer than another, despite their placement indicating they should be identical. Perhaps you saw an impossibly-placed window, or encountered the story strand which creates a sudden corridor as you turn a corner – a workplace version of the Penrose triangle. Maybe you noticed that the windows are just white shapes, providing no locational cues whatsoever.
“The game has in general far more content than most people will see when they play it,” says Wreden. “But what's important is they see enough of it and are unsettled by enough of it. The design of the architecture, especially the way the architecture changes each time you play, [has] a gradient of physical paradoxes, some smaller some bigger. It no longer becomes one particular way the architecture is changing. It becomes many ways and then your imagination takes over. Every room might change. It becomes impossible to know and the way the player projects that uncertainty onto the architecture is what gives it life.”
There's one ending which involves a museum exhibition devoted to the game itself. On the surface it appears to offer a moment of honesty within The Stanley Parable's continual mood of uncertainty. Obviously that honesty turns out to be a lie, but one which the pair struggled with and which is, ultimately, the source of Pugh's one regret when it comes to the game.
The exhibition contains a number of artefacts relating to the game – a diagram regarding the story branches at the beginning of the game, a little diorama of (a version of) the office, that sort of thing. It's at this point the narrator, now with a female voice, tells Stanley he is already dead and is treading pre-determined paths. It's a moment which makes explicit that tension between the building as it appears and the reality of the design – unknowable versus tightly choreographed and scripted.
“I love [that tension],” says Wreden. “I think it's beautiful. I think the beauty of the section is we had a goal with that museum and the goal was created one space of actual honesty. That was important.” He then does exactly what the game does and undermines that sentiment. “We're not going to lie but at the same time we're still kind of lying. We could explain everything and it still wouldn't – you're still bringing more to it than we could ever make sense out of. We can show you the guts of the thing but it's not going to clarify what you as a player are projecting onto this space that makes it seem more alive than it actually is.”
Wreden refers to the museum as a refreshing opportunity to speak a little more directly to the player. But Pugh is slightly more hesitant.
“I think, in terms of regrets about development, we could have made that space a bit more honest. We were still kind of constrained by having a time limit to make the game and we had to give the impression of what we wanted to do. To make it properly honest would have taken more time and we didn't have that.”
The overriding concern when it came to honesty was not wanting to spoil the game, particularly if a player came across the Museum Ending early on. “In the version we released there was a map of the opening section, but before there was a diagram of the entire game with all the endings laid out in front of you,” says Pugh. “We went back and forth on that for ages.”
“It just really killed the experience,” says Wreden. “We were too honest and people didn't want it. we gave up too much of the understanding of the space and people began to reject it. I get emails from people all the time that are like can you just explain it all to me and I'm like ‘You don't want that. You think you do but…' It needed not to kill the magic.”
I've played a lot of The Stanley Parable and we are deep into the discussion so Wreden and Pugh decide to show me the diagram of all the game's endings, although they ask me not to share it. They used it to keep track of the work they were doing and prioritise pathways for completion. “This image saved our lives during development,” says Pugh. “When we were feeling really shit and there was so much left to do we could look at it and see what we needed to do next.”
Wreden laughs. “Of course, that wasn't quite the truth either but at least it was a lie we could convince ourselves.”
I have one more question and it's about Stanley.
“Is Stanley important?”
I mean, he has his own office so architecturally he feels slightly elevated, but the changeable nature of the building makes the legibility of the corporate hierarchy equally unreliable.
“I think about that all the time,” says Wreden. “I don't have an answer for you. I seriously wonder that all the time.”
“I don't think he should get ahead of himself,” says Pugh.
This article was originally published as part of, and thanks to, the RPS supporter program.
WASHINGTON ― Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-La.) said Friday that the Senate's bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act must meet one crucial standard: the Jimmy Kimmel test.
During an interview on “CNN Newsroom,” Cassidy was asked if he could support a bill that lets insurance companies cap their payouts to consumers.
“As you present that, I ask, ‘Does it pass the Jimmy Kimmel test?'” the senator replied. “Will the child born with a congenital heart disease be able to get everything she or he would need in that first year of life? I want it to pass the Jimmy Kimmel test.”
JUST NOW: GOP Sen. @BillCassidy said Senate version of health care bill needs to "pass the Jimmy Kimmel test."https://t.co/UIgaEuYATw — John Berman (@JohnBerman) May 5, 2017
Cassidy is referring to the TV host's emotional Monday night revelation on his show, ABC's “Jimmy Kimmel Live,” that his baby son was born with a heart defect and required immediate surgery. Kimmel said his family's experience demonstrates why all Americans need access to health care, especially those ― like his son ― born with pre-existing conditions.
“No parent should ever have to decide if they can afford to save their child's life,” Kimmel said, choking up. “It just shouldn't happen. Not here.”
“We need to make sure that the people who are supposed to represent us ― the people who are meeting about this right now in Washington ― understand that very clearly,” he continued. “Let's stop with the nonsense. This isn't football. There are no teams. We are the team. It's the United States. Don't let their partisan squabbles divide us on something every decent person wants.”
House Republicans passed their Obamacare repeal bill on Thursday. It would eliminate the pre-existing conditions guarantee and knock millions of people off insurance, among other depressing details. Senators have signaled that the House bill is dead on arrival in their chamber and that they want to slow down and produce more thoughtful legislation. Or at least try.
Cassidy, who is a doctor, said the repeal bill he's working on with Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) would ensure that children like Kimmel's son get all the services they need, and in an affordable way. His legislation would essentially hand over the money to states and let them decide how to spend it.
Mitch McConnell, Donald Trump, and Paul Ryan are pleased with their handiwork.
The Senate version of the American Health Care Act is supposed to be unveiled Thursday morning, but Paige Winfield Cunningham has obtained most of the relevant details. In sum, while it seemed for a time the Senate might gesture to the center, at least a bit, its bill is about as draconian as the House version.
The tax credits for people who buy insurance on the exchanges are more generous and better targeted in the Senate version than the House version. But they're stingier than the current system. Right now, Obamacare's tax credits cut off for people who earn four times the poverty level, which means people just over that threshold often struggle to afford insurance. Rather than fix this problem, the Senate bill would set the cutoff even lower, to three-and-a-half times the poverty level, making insurance unaffordable for more people in the middle class.
Amazingly, the Senate bill reportedly institutes deeper Medicaid cuts than the House bill. The Senate bill would institute a longer delay to cut off the Medicaid expansion, which is how Obamacare finances insurance for the poorest people. The end result would be the same. And to help pay the cost of its more expensive tax credits, it would cut Medicaid deeply. The House version holds the program to the inflation rate plus one percent — which is historically lower than medical costs have risen, meaning that the program would have to curtail benefits for its beneficiaries, who tend to be poor and very sick. The Senate bill would cut growth down to the inflation rate, without the extra one percent.
The most important design feature is that the Senate bill retains all the tax cuts in the House bill. The tax cuts are what drive the bill's inescapable cruelty. By eliminating nearly a trillion dollars in revenue, it necessarily creates a trillion dollars in cuts for coverage subsidies. The House bill reduces the insurance rolls by 23 million. The Senate bill won't fare a whole lot better.
Senators have widely disparaged the House bill, and Senate moderates have talked a good game about protecting the sick and vulnerable. President Trump even admitted privately the House bill was “mean.” But the bill they're voting on does pretty much the same thing. Now they have to decide if they want to make insurance unaffordable to millions of Americans too poor or sick to buy their own plans.
Human evolution must be the greatest story never told. It begins in an unknowable past and continues mysteriously for the next five or six million years. Is it a thriller, an epic or a comedy of errors? There is no dust jacket, no title page, no dedication, no acknowledgements. Almost all the text is missing, apart from the occasional phrase, sentence or paragraph, seemingly torn at random from the great six-million-year narrative. If the story of humanity is a single volume, then only the last page survives.
Every so often, scholars find yet another fossilised scrap of the missing narrative, a new character enters, and the plot takes a new twist. Some things are clear: the story began in Africa, between 5m and 7m years ago, with the last common ancestor of two kinds of chimpanzee and of Homo sapiens sapiens. Charles Darwin calculated as much when he began telling the story in The Descent of Man (1871). "We thus learn that man is descended from a hairy, tailed quadruped, probably arboreal in its habits, and an inhabitant of the Old World," he wrote.
Anthropologists agree on the human-ape connection. The consent is there in the titles of books published in the past 40 years: The Aquatic Ape, The Naked Ape, The Third Chimpanzee, The Talking Ape, Our Inner Ape, The Thinking Ape, The Monkey in the Mirror, The Hunting Apes, The Ape that Spoke and The Artificial Ape.
These books are all attempts to work backwards, from what we are now to what we might have been. The fact that zoologists, anthropologists and palæontologists can write so many books with the word "ape" in the title tells us two things. One is that the evidence is so sparse that people are free to frame a favourite hypothesis about what it was that made humans different. The other is that the human-chimpanzee connection is so clear that there is nowhere else to begin.
First, the family likeness: chimpanzees struggle for status, vocalise, communicate, play politics, use subterfuge, show aggression, reject outsiders, groom and support each other, betray each other and resort to violence or sexual bribery to get their way. Chimpanzees display awareness of self, ability to reason, and a grasp of numbers. Chimpanzees are opportunistic omnivores that also make and use tools for gain, and groups of chimpanzees in the wild have separate traditions, practices and ways of doing things that they pass down the generations. That is, chimpanzees have culture. Chimpanzees and humans have a genetic kinship so close that they share almost 99% of their DNA.
The Victorians called them "man-like apes". Twentieth-century scientists and observers started referring to humans as naked apes. Early in the 21st century, some taxonomists and conservationists began a campaign to change the chimpanzee genus from Pan to Homo, so close are the parallels between the species.
But the African chimpanzee is an endangered species, down to perhaps 150,000, while the human population is about to tip seven billion. The implication is that, long ago, the earliest human ancestors also lived in small social groups, and co-operated and competed for the resources of the woodland and the savannah. Why did humans become so different: bipedal, upright, hairless, with limited strength, feeble jaws, bad backs, embarrassingly large heads and brains with a cerebral cortex four times the size of a chimp's?
For decades, the conventional evolutionary lineage was a simple one: shambling simian stands upright, evolves into bipedal hairy brute, then slouching hairy brute with hand axe and finally into hairless human with BlackBerry. This is the ladder theory of human evolution. It was kicked away long ago. Discoveries in Africa – a femur here, a fragment of skull there, a pelvis, now and again a partial skeleton, a set of footprints fossilised in ancient volcanic mud – reveal a picture more of confusion than direction: a flowering of creatures more or less apelike or manlike, some of them possibly direct ancestors, some of them probably cousins along a parallel lineage, all of them trying to make a subsistence living in a very different Africa, millions of years ago. The fossils turn up in South Africa, East Africa, Ethiopia and even the Sahel. They have generic names such as Sahelanthropus, Ardipithecus, Orrorin, Australopithecus, Paranthropus, and Kenyanthropus, and their remains were unearthed from the dust, stone and mud sediments laid down 3m, 4m and 5m years ago.
Two million years ago, creatures that bear the generic name Homo begin to appear in the fossil record: Homo habilis, Homo ergaster, Homo erectus, and with them appear worked stone tools, hand axes, things for chipping and cutting. Hardly any of these early human relics is complete. Palaeoanthropologists were once fond of saying that the entire human fossil record could be laid out on one table, or packed in a matching set of Gucci luggage, but this is no longer true. What is true is that even 2m years ago, the human lineage begins to look like a bush, with species sprouting in all directions.
And then the story starts to get really complicated. At some point, early humans get up and start moving. They spread. They pack their hand axes, leave Africa and start to colonise the Middle East, Europe, and South Asia. And there is more than one migration out of Africa: first Homo erectus or something even more primitive, and then, much later, Homo sapiens. And they continue to differentiate into new species. At one point in human history, around 40,000 years ago, modern humans must have shared the planet with at least four other human cousins: Homo erectus, the Neanderthals, a strange, small-brained human found only on the island of Flores in Indonesia, affectionately known as the Hobbit; and most recent of all, species X: a separate human genetic lineage identified in 2010 only by DNA extracted from a finger bone found in a Siberian cave.
What gave early humans their get-up-and-go? Why did humans develop large brains and long legs? Should the first mobile humans be classed as asylum seekers, driven from their native land by climate change? Or were they economic migrants, on the lookout for better opportunities in wide-open Europe and Asia?
Brains are what biologists call expensive items: the human brain at rest consumes 20% of the daily calorific intake. In other words, brains have to be fed. So a large, greedy brain becomes valuable only if it helps to deliver even more food and greater security. So was the larger brain a genetic mutation that increasingly delivered a selective advantage in the struggle for survival? And how did humans get from thinking about food-gathering strategies to thinking about taxonomy, tax-avoidance and Twitter?
The big brain story may have begun in the trees. Arboreal primates that search over wide areas for food in the canopy seem to know what is good for them: they often ignore easy supplies and go looking for special foods. They seem to have a notion of a balanced diet – protein-rich leaves and high-calorie fruits and not too much fibre – and they have been watched deliberately selecting plants with medicinal properties. All this requires a working memory, a mental map of where to go and what to look for. According to at least one study, the primates that hunt high and low for the quality fare tend to have larger brains than those that do not.
Then the human story begins at some point with climate change: in a cooler and more arid continent, once-arboreal creatures had to start exploiting the woodland and savannah. It would clearly be an advantage to stand up and walk on two feet, to see further, to have a hand free to carry an infant. Pair bonding – love and marriage to non-biologists – is already an evolutionary feature, and a bipedal male could go further to find food for his family, and carry it back.
"Darwin argued that bipedalism freed the hands," says Chris Stringer, head of human origins at the Natural History Museum. "He was arguing that 150 years ago and it is still there. But there is another view worth considering: it could have begun in the trees. Orangutans, for instance, walk bipedally." To get to the tastiest forage, orangutans walk along branches, holding on to yet higher branches. So there could have been a long period when early members of the not-yet-human family walked on the ground, and lived in trees.
And by this time, brain size had begun to increase. There are new challenges, new opportunities, new foods to try and new difficulties to overcome. In the past three decades, researchers have floated a number of ideas about how the human story might have developed. Did hominids start to develop bigger brains because they lost most of their body hair? A hairless human with a talent for exuding sweat would be at less risk of overheating; longer legs would enhance the surface-to-volume ratio and keep the brain cool; and as a bonus, ticks, lice and other parasites would have nowhere to hide.
Or did hominids become free to develop bigger brains because their jaw muscles began to shrink, allowing the cranium to expand? Did early humans start to develop even bigger brains because they became increasingly efficient endurance runners that could get to a carcass before the hyenas and vultures, and strip away a nourishing meal of meat, fat and marrow? Did humans begin to stand upright by taking to the water – and to nourish bigger brains with high-protein deliveries of fish and shellfish?
Did humans discover the use of fire millions of years ago, long before the colonisation of Europe? Cooking would make plants both more nourishing and easier to digest; it would dispose of infections and pathogens in meat, and it would deliver greater supplies of energy per mouthful. Teeth, jaws and digestive tracts could shrink, and so brains could get bigger. Did humans grow bigger brains because the extra neural circuitry was needed to make sense of the demands of social and co-operative life?
"I think a lot of our brain is actually mapping relationships, and mind-reading our friends and enemies: what are they doing? You need a lot of processing power to do that well," says Stringer. "If you are starting to hunt animals, you have to out-think them, and that is driving the growth of more processing power and bigger memory. So I think the social brain and meat-eating was the key to that."
Somehow, out of this million-year-mix of food, fear and hunter-gatherer companionship in Africa, complex language emerged. The human who could frame the sentence "You wait behind that rock at the end of the ravine and I'll drive the deer towards you" has demonstrated awareness of cause and effect, of geography, of zoology, of strategy, of co-operation for future mutual advantage. Somewhere in such a sentence there is also the germ of the first play for two actors, the first computer game and the first adventure story.
But there are no neat stories to be told of the first departure from the African homeland. Once again, the evidence is fragmentary, sometimes teasingly ambiguous, and capriciously rare. But there is enough to confirm the presence of early human species in Georgia, in Spain, Portugal, Germany and Britain as early as 800,000 years ago, and also in the Middle East and South Asia. The first migrants could have been pushed out of the country by climate change, or competition for resources, or the desire for somewhere new. They could possibly have made a direct crossing by water from the Horn of Africa to what is now Yemen, or they could have travelled up the Nile Valley and across what is now Gaza into Europe and the Middle East. This fabulous odyssey may not have been intended, it may have just happened. Hunter-gatherers follow game, and when the game disappears, they move on. All these first migrants needed to do was to hug the coast: first up the western shore of the Red Sea, and then down the coast of Arabia.
"They just extended in that ribbon of the coast, out of Africa, around Arabia, around the southern Asian coast: at low sea level, they could have got all the way to Java just on the coast. Then they just need to invent boats along the way and they can get to Australia," says Stringer. "One mile a year and you have gone all the way to Java in 10,000 years."
And in the course of this great adventure, the migrants change. New species appear, and with them, new behaviour. The Neanderthals become the first to formally bury their dead.
And long afterwards, modern humans turn up. Once again, the story begins somewhere in Africa, nobody knows for sure where, and once again, at least 60,000 years ago – and maybe, on recent enigmatic evidence of stone tools in Arabia, as long as 125,000 years ago – a new human species begins to leave Africa and spread around the planet, across all of Europe and Asia, and then finally across the arid freezing plains that will in time become the Bering Straits, to Alaska and then the whole of the Americas. Modern humans are still hunter-gatherers, but around 30,000 years ago there is evidence of sophisticated technologies based on stone and bone and shell. They use needles, decorate with ochre, create works of astonishing art, put on ornaments, and exhibit a sense of religion – the evidence for all these things lies alongside the human fossils. In Europe, these newcomers live alongside the Neanderthals, hunt the same animals, gather the same seeds and fruits. There is recent evidence that – somewhere in the European chapter of this story – modern humans and Neanderthals must have interbred, but in all other respects, the Neanderthals seem to be a different species.
Long before the end of the last ice age, the Neanderthals and all the other human species that have travelled the same road vanish altogether, leaving the newcomers alone of their kind, and in undisputed possession of the planet.
Tim Radford's geographical memoir The Address Book: Our Place in the Scheme of Things, is published by Fourth Estate on 28 April at £16.99. To order a copy for £13.59 with free p&p, call 0330 333 6846 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting 0330 333 6846 end_of_the_skype_highlighting or visit theguardian.com/bookshop
Amid the buzzer-beaters, heartbreak, and drama in the NCAA tournament, NBA teams are using college basketball's biggest stage to fine-tune their evaluations of some of the league's future stars. For someone like Ben McLemore of Kansas or Marcus Smart of Oklahoma State, a brilliant stretch in March will allow them to stake their claim as the no. 1 overall pick in next year's draft. Regardless of where they are selected, both McLemore and Smart — should they declare — will move on from successful college programs to teams in the professional ranks that aren't exactly synonymous with winning. During the past two seasons, no team has represented this perennial lottery dweller quite like the Charlotte Bobcats.
After a historically bad season that was partially obscured by a lockout-shortened schedule, the team has continued its futility again this year. In 11 of its past 13 games, Charlotte has been blown out by 14 or more points, an embarrassing stretch that has helped make the team owners of the league's worst record. Or, in other words, things are going exactly as planned in Charlotte.
Welcome to life in the NBA, where every spring brings not only the excitement of the playoffs, but the unsavory notion of tanking. In a league that rewards losing and incompetence with valuable high draft picks, it pays to be bad. So with organizations like Charlotte, Orlando, and even Portland actively looking to avoid respectability, it's time to restart the conversation about what tanking does to the competitive nature of the league.
That conversation isn't exactly revolutionary. The war on tanking was brought to the forefront with an epic e-mail exchange between Malcolm Gladwell and Grantland's own Bill Simmons back in May 2009. Late in the back-and-forth, Gladwell pointed out the fundamental flaw behind the current system:
I think, for example, that the idea of ranking draft picks in reverse order of finish — as much as it sounds “fair” — does untold damage to the game. You simply cannot have a system that rewards anyone, ever, for losing. Economists worry about this all the time, when they talk about “moral hazard.” Moral hazard is the idea that if you insure someone against risk, you will make risky behavior more likely. So if you always bail out the banks when they take absurd risks and do stupid things, they are going to keep on taking absurd risks and doing stupid things … If you give me a lottery pick for being an atrocious GM, where's my incentive not to be an atrocious
GM?
Henry Abbott of ESPN picked up the torch from there, starting his campaign to end tanking on his TrueHoop blog last March:
Right now superstar-grade players are going into a lottery populated by the worst teams, in a sport where one great player has more impact than in any other team sport and is locked into below-market salaries throughout their careers (because of rookie scale contracts followed by maximum-salary limits). Meanwhile, teams that win consistently very seldom get players like that, by trade or any other means. Essentially, the best-run teams are penalized while the worst-run teams are rewarded.
Cleveland's Kyrie Irving is just the latest example of the point Abbott — and, in a broader sense, Gladwell — is trying to make. The 20-year-old guard, when healthy, is fast approaching the upper echelon of the league's elite. Yet it's hard for Irving to stay in the national consciousness given that part of the reason he ended up in Cleveland was that the LeBron James era was marked by poor roster management that contributed heavily to the departure of the league's preeminent star.
Irving's current injury woes don't seem to raise the concern they should because, well, they don't matter. The young guard sadly doesn't factor into anything important — like a playoff series. He's merely the difference between Cleveland winning 22 or 28 games. So even though Irving is set to play tug-of-war with Chris Paul for the title of best point guard on the planet as early as next year, he remains, in the larger scheme, an afterthought.
In fact, Irving's absence actually helps the Cavs. Without him around, Cleveland becomes even worse than it already is (which is pretty terrible), making it ripe to pile up the losses and acquire more ping-pong balls for the upcoming draft lottery. Let that sink in for a second. The NBA is a league in which a rising, young star's injury brings a team closer to achieving its desired short-term goal.
Charlotte is the team that has truly perfected this art. By deconstructing its roster after the middling Larry Brown era, it became a prime contender for the no. 1 overall pick. But that also left it with some overlooked consequences.
With consistent losing, bad habits emerge — such as a failure to make the extra pass or put all-out effort into positioning on defense. On a team that is getting demolished every night, those things fail to matter. On competitive teams, however, those things represent the fine line between winning and losing important games. It's only a matter of time before the young players on their roster, like Kemba Walker and rookie Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, lose the incentive to play winning basketball.
Those are just two players caught up in the collateral damage of teams' incentive to become truly atrocious. A high-energy rookie like Kidd-Gilchrist would be a cult hero if he were placed on a contender. Instead, he seems destined to waste the first part of his career on a team that's years away from being important. Not only is the constant losing bad for a player like Kidd-Gilchrist, but as related research about baseball teams cutting spending has shown, it can drive away fans for good.
Perhaps it's time for the NBA to consider a change — even a radical one — to the way young players enter the league. In another installment from his crusade against tanking last spring, Abbott discusses how sports economist Dave Berri's book Stumbling on Wins argues that the idea of the draft originated to save owners money (total shocker there), not because it was deemed the best way to allocate new, exciting talent to teams:
Most assume the draft is about parity — that is, about making bad teams good. Berri concludes Bell's primary goal was saving owners money. And that's exactly what drafts have done … Meanwhile, fans and other observers accept this [notion about parity] because it appears to have this wonderful ability to make bad teams good.
There are two systems — mentioned first by Gladwell in the '09 e-mail exchange — that can keep rookie salaries under control while also eliminating the “moral hazard” that occurs when bad teams are rewarded with top talent. The first is a strict order-of-finish draft. Simply put, the best teams draft first and the worst teams draft last. The second is eliminating the draft and going with a free-agent pool, with slightly weighted salary allotments, that allow teams to simply recruit top talent the same way any other industry does in the business world.
The natural concern is that the best teams would consistently hoard all the talent. But while fans in Cleveland and Charlotte would suffer (at least initially), it's hard to argue that the NBA as a whole wouldn't be much better for it. After all, should McLemore, Smart, or Otto Porter of Georgetown — three likely lottery picks — end up on contenders like the Heat, Spurs, or Thunder next year instead of the Bobcats or Cavs, the battles between the league's heavyweights would become even more exciting.
The first solution would make the stakes of the Finals even higher. Imagine how much more fun it would have been to watch the Mavs upset the Heat in 2011 to not only win the championship, but earn the right to draft Kyrie Irving. Dirk Nowitzki would have played out his remaining years with one of the league's most dynamic point guards rather than veteran journeyman Mike James.
With the way the new CBA is structured, it would be harder than most assume for a team like Miami or Oklahoma City to stock rosters full of talent. Eventually teams have to pay guys. Stud rookies on cheap contracts quickly become veterans eligible for max extensions, creating the need for deals like the one that sent James Harden to the Houston Rockets at the beginning of this season. This trickle-down effect, aided by the fact that players are human beings with egos who may long to be “the guy,” seems to ensure that teams like Charlotte and Cleveland still get a crack at elite talent if their front offices manage their existing resources correctly.
And that is the whole reason behind necessitating a change. For too long, bad GMs (and bad owners who influence their decision-making), have enjoyed lengthy tenures behind the facade of “rebuilding through the draft.” As Abbott wrote last March, that is normally just a smokescreen hiding a trail of poor decision-making.
But the teams out there that are not winning year after year … in most cases they're not just “rebuilding through the lottery.” They're also making one dreadful decision after another. That means with the draft, coaching hires, trades and everything else. I assure you GMs in many NBA markets really don't want you to examine the record, because it won't be kind to them. They're already preparing their stories about how everybody has bad luck.
By taking away a reverse-order-of-finish draft with a lottery, it takes the crutch away from bad front offices. No longer is it about being bad and then lucking out by landing a future All-Star. It becomes about maximizing every asset using the factors teams can control: scouting, cap management, player development, and overall infrastructure.
It's a Darwinian approach to fixing an issue that takes away from the integrity of the game. Instead of allowing a team's fan base to be duped by the false hope of a quick turnaround through the draft, it puts an emphasis on the slow process of building up assets to maintain success.
A common misperception we have as fans is to view players as individuals with traits that remain independent of environment. Really, the importance of circumstance for a given player falls along a roughly defined bell curve. The vast majority of young players entering the league are heavily influenced by whom (teammates and coaches) and what (city, organizational support) are around them their first few seasons. They are bookended by two smaller groups — the sad sacks whose attitude and game would have them fail anywhere (think Darko Milicic) and the culture-changers (Tim Duncan, Kevin Garnett, Chris Paul) who can alter the path of the franchise that acquires them rather than the other way around.
In Abbott's “Does Tanking Even Work?” column, he references research done by Devin Dignam that works in tandem with this notion. Dignam looked back at all data from the past 27 years of the draft lottery (his piece was originally published in April 2012) and came up with some staggering results:
After four years — the amount of time on rookie scale contracts — about 31% of the teams with top three picks hadn't made the playoffs even once. Almost 26% of these teams' best showing was only the first round. And a further 22% of teams topped out in the second round. Only 17% of teams have managed to do better than the second round, with only two teams managing to win an NBA championship within four years of drafting their top three pick. Who were these two teams? In 1999, San Antonio won a championship in Tim Duncan's second season. And in 2004, the Detroit Pistons won a championship in Darko Milicic's rookie season. But Milicic only played in 159 regular season minutes that year. So we are being generous when we say that two teams have managed to win a championship within four years of landing a lottery pick.
The Spurs lucked out in nabbing Tim Duncan in 1997, but they maintained their success by continually mining gems from the bargain bin or latter half of the draft. In watching Kawhi Leonard, Danny Green, and Tiago Splitter team up last week to dismantle the Thunder on Monday night, it's not a stretch to envision the Spurs continuing to win 50 games a year. They draft the right players for the right coach and have a system in place to make them better.
Leonard is a great example of this. Acquired in a trade for George Hill after being drafted 15th overall by the Pacers in 2011, the young forward was long and athletic but wasn't overly skilled and possessed a middling shooting stroke. Most projected him to be just a high-energy defensive stopper.
In his first season, Leonard filled that role while also shooting 37.6 percent from beyond the arc — a higher mark than he had at San Diego State despite the closer 3-point line. Against the Thunder two days ago, Leonard scored out of pick-and-rolls and created space to drain jumpers that beat the shot clock. A player projected to be a specialist went to the Spurs and now flashes All-Star potential. This is not a coincidence.
Teams that poorly evaluate or gamble on tainted talent more often than not will fail to sniff the playoffs despite being annual participants in the lottery. Instead of drafting and creating a great atmosphere by asking how they can help players succeed, they seemingly just draft and hope because that's what the current structure allows them to do. An atmosphere where losing is acceptable — and pretty much required — stunts progress, both of the league and of its players. For the sake of both, it's time to ask for radical change.
The long arm of the law is reaching out toward ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont — but he could outrun it for a while yet.
A Spanish court issued an international arrest warrant on Friday for the ex-president of the northeastern region, who is currently in Brussels but has been charged by Spain's attorney general with crimes, including rebellion and sedition.
But that doesn't necessarily mean Puigdemont will be on a plane to Spain within a few days to answer for his role in organizing a referendum on secession and a subsequent declaration of independence by the Catalan parliament.
The European Arrest Warrant system, introduced in 2004, made extraditions between European Union countries much quicker and more straightforward. But the process is not completely automatic.
"EU countries agreed among each other that the review [of the warrant] is minimal," said Philippe Van Linthout, a Belgian investigative judge. However, he said, the law governing the use of the measure in Belgium "foresees reasons to reject the warrant, including if executing it would violate the fundamental rights of the suspect."
"I think the Belgian government should be glad they don't have to make a ... decision and it is purely left to the court" — Jan Wouters, professor of international law
The law refers to Article 6 of the Treaty on European Union, which mentions respect for "human rights and fundamental freedoms."
Van Linthout added: "If this case landed on my desk, I'd triple-check everything closely."
Assuming they receive a Spanish request to apprehend Puigdemont, Belgian authorities' first step will be to arrest him and bring him before an investigative judge. That judge will decide within 24 hours whether Puigdemont should be detained or not, and also consider whether the warrant can be dismissed entirely.
But that will not be the end of the story. The Catalan leader has the right to contest the extradition request via the Belgian legal system. His Belgian lawyer, Paul Bekaert, is an expert in fighting extradition requests and arrest warrants and he has already made clear that Puigdemont will use every legal avenue to challenge the Spanish move.
The whole procedure “can easily take a month and a half, up to two months, in my experience,” Bekaert told public broadcaster VRT on Thursday.
The Catalan ex-president can try to prevent his extradition at multiple levels in the courts, according to Belgian law (and a summary of the process prepared by law firm Allen & Overy and published by Fair Trials, a human rights charity).
His first port of call would be a chambre du conseil, a low-level judicial body. If his argument were rejected there, he could then appeal to a chambre des mises accusation, which would have 15 days to reach a decision. If that chamber found against him, he could then make a final appeal to the cour de cassation, the highest appeal court. It would have a further 15 days to reach a decision.
If the highest court found in his favor, it would send the case back to another chambre des mises accusation. And if that court decided the extradition should go ahead, Puigdemont could appeal to the cour de cassation once again.
In other words, as his lawyer suggested, Puigdemont could stay in Belgium for a month or more while he pursued all possible avenues of appeal — even if the courts keep ruling against him.
And he could stay even longer if he had some success — causing further discomfort for the Belgian government, whose fractures on Catalonia were exposed after its Flemish nationalist immigration minister publicly encouraged Puigdemont to seek asylum.
Fortunately for Prime Minister Charles Michel's administration, the European Arrest Warrant keeps politics out of the process so no minister should have to handle the delicate extradition request.
"It's purely a judicial process — and that's how [EU countries] wanted it to be," said Jan Wouters, professor of international law at the University of Leuven. "I think the Belgian government should be glad they don't have to make a ... decision and it is purely left to the court."
Asylum unlikely
Puigdemont told a chaotic press conference in Brussels earlier this week that he was not in Belgium to ask for asylum. Nevertheless, Wouters believes his lawyer might end up using that option because "as long as you're in the process of asking for asylum, you can't be removed from the territory."
However, that would likely only buy some time.
While Belgium allows citizens from other EU countries to apply for asylum, Belgian authorities are unlikely to view an application by Puigdemont in a favorable light.
In Belgium in recent years, only between 40 and 100 EU citizens requested asylum annually and the vast majority were rejected.
To obtain asylum, Puigdemont's lawyers would have to convince the Belgian government that Spain is unsafe from a legal point of view, according to legal experts. But under the EU's Amsterdam Treaty, all EU governments agreed to consider fellow member countries "safe countries of origin" as far as asylum is concerned.
There is some scope to make exceptions but in Puigdemont's case it would have to be "a very large exception," said Philippe De Bruycker, a professor of EU migration law at the Free University of Brussels.
In Belgium in recent years, only between 40 and 100 EU citizens requested asylum annually and the vast majority were rejected, said Dirk Van den Bulck, Belgium's commissioner general for refugees and stateless persons, who decides on asylum requests.
Jakob Hanke contributed reporting.
As the state of Arkansas creeps closer and closer to a future wherein medical marijuana is accessible for patients within the state's borders, legal gun carriers and advocates of the second amendment are becoming worried about what this may mean for those who lawfully possess firearms. Because the plant is still classified on a federal basis as a Schedule One illicit drug “containing no medical value and a high likelihood of abuse,” medical marijuana patients are banned from owning guns.
The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms stated quite clearly that the federal law will apply to these patients even if “the state has passed legislation authorizing marijuana use for medicinal purposes.”
In a 2016 report from the Washington Post, judges defended the decision because of marijuana's past link to “irrational or unpredictable behavior.” Because of this, it is not believed that this policy violates an individual's second amendment rights to bear arms at all.
The ruling had come about as a result of a Nevada woman who attempted to purchase a firearm in 2011. Her sale was denied because of the fact that she possessed a medical marijuana card-which she said she had to “make a statement,” not to actually use the plant. The court proceeded to declare that the possession of a medical marijuana card at all is reason enough to believe that the person is a marijuana user, thus barring them from purchasing a firearm even if they meet all other necessary criteria for gun ownership.
For people like Nick Yarberry, who has lived with glaucoma for the past sixteen years, this could lead to an incredibly unfortunate decision that he will have to make. The Arkansas man worries that he will have to choose between his eyesight and his safety. “I can either keep my safety of having my concealed or lose my eyesight and what good is my concealed carry anyway because I won't be able to use it,” he said in an interview with THV11.
Photo by ibropalic
Buy Photo Running back Markell Jones, left, slips past safety Andy Chelf (43) during the Purdue spring game Saturday, April 8, 2017, in Ross-Ade Stadium. The White team defeated the Black 45-30. Chelf was shot in the torso early Sunday morning according to West Lafayette Police Department. (Photo: John Terhune/Journal & Courier)Buy Photo
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. — A Purdue University football player was identified Monday as the victim in a shooting near campus.
Police found Andrew Chelf, 20, about 3 a.m. Sunday in the 200 block of Wiggins Street with a single gunshot wound in his torso, West Lafayette Police Department Capt. David Van Vactor said.
Chelf, who is listed as a safety on Purdue's football roster, was transported to a local hospital.
He appears to be recovering, according to a Tweet he posted Sunday afternoon.
Blessed to see another day... don't take things for granted. — andy chelf (@Andy_Chelf) April 9, 2017
"Blessed to see another day ... don't take things for granted," he said.
Police believe "there is a shooter" and that the gunshot wound was not self-inflicted, Van Vactor said.
The Purdue athletic department issued a statement Monday afternoon promising support for Chelf and police.
"First and foremost, we are thankful that Andy is on the road to recovery, and we are appreciative of the hospital staff. Our Office of the Dean of Students, as it does in any such case, has been in touch with Andy and his family to offer its assistance. A number of our coaches and players spent Sunday at the hospital. We certainly will do whatever we can to assist the West Lafayette Police Department in its investigation of the incident.”
An arrest has not been made.
Anyone with information should call WLPD at 765-775-5200 or the WeTip Hotline at 1-800-782-7463.
Call J&C reporter Joseph Paul at 765-420-5339, email him at jpaul@jconline.com or follow him on Twitter: @JosephPaulJC.
Read or Share this story: http://on.jconline.com/2oS5XnB
The would-be food of the future is bland, nutrient-rich, and beloved by a small crowd of experimental techies. Can sponsoring a pro gaming league help it reaches the masses?
Helena Kristiansson / ESL One
This weekend, as thousands of fans descend on Madison Square Garden to watch professional video gamers duke it out with spells and blades, they'll encounter a startup executive in a space suit. He'll offer them sample-size cups of a thick, white fluid that, he hopes, will one day replace their lunch. This would-be future food, Soylent, is a bland-tasting blend of carbohydrates, protein, vitamins, and other nutrients that has been around for about two years now, gaining devotees among techies who don't have the time or the desire to eat food. Big-name investors have put millions into the Los Angeles–based company. But Soylent, the brainchild of a 27-year-old software engineer named Rob Rhinehart, remains a little too weird even for many of the white-collar geeks it wants to reach. Now, the company is betting that major league video gaming, or e-sports — a global industry with a fast-growing and passionate fan base — will be its ticket to more widespread adoption. In September, Soylent signed a sponsorship deal with the Electronic Sports League, which runs events including ESL One, the tournament being held this weekend in New York. The deal represents the biggest item in Soylent's marketing budget this year, with the company paying between $100,000 and $300,000 — executives wouldn't get more specific than that — to sponsor ESL One. Soylent will have its logo plastered over the event and the online broadcasts beaming the fantasy battle arena game Dota 2 to millions of fans. Soylent has also agreed to sponsor an upcoming pro season of the popular first-person shooter Counter-Strike: Global Offensive.
Soylent was inspired by a recent visit to the Santa Monica campus of Red Bull, the energy drink maker whose original films and athlete sponsorships have made it synonymous with extreme sports. Soylent hopes to become a major patron of feats of computerized daring, and has considered sponsoring an e-sports team, executives told BuzzFeed News. Once it completes an office expansion, the executives said, Soylent wants to invite professional video gamers to train in a special gaming room, which, of course, will include plenty of free Soylent. In its own small, quirky way, this food-hacking startup with a name from science fiction wants to be the Red Bull of competitive video gaming. "I kind of like basketball, and I watched my college football team, but I was never that really into traditional sports," Rhinehart said in a conference room in Soylent's downtown L.A. office, where workers were renovating the upper floor. "And I think it's really cool that e-sports are taking off, because, like, I always loved chess — having a really strong mental, strategic aspect to a game." There's an undeniable logic to Soylent getting into bed with the nerd version of the NFL. All-night hackathons and marathon LAN parties are often littered with boxes of pizza or other junk food; Soylent's pitch is to replace an unhealthy convenience with a healthier one. More fundamentally, Soylent thinks gamers will be receptive to its geeky, science-heavy ethos. In the guarded phrasing of David Renteln, a Soylent co-founder and its chief marketing officer, "the demographic is very much a demographic that is interested in scientific concepts." From the beginning, Soylent encouraged its fans to tinker with the recipe, which it published online. The company now plays up the idea of environmental sustainability, noting that a portion of the ingredients in its 2.0 line comes from algae rather than farms. Rhinehart, who announced Soylent to the world in a blog post called "How I Stopped Eating Food," chronicling a 30-day stretch of surviving only on his pasty brew, likes to use his own body as a science lab. After challenging himself to temporarily cut down on his water use, he wrote in a blog post last year, he consumed 500 milligrams of the antibiotic Rifaximin, which "massacred my gut bacteria" and, he claimed, made him stop pooping. ("Soylent's microbiome consultant advised that this is a terrible idea so I do not recommend it.") Rhinehart's weird habits have made him into something of a nerd folk hero. He doesn't do laundry, for example. Instead, he kills microbes in his clothing with a UV Sterilizer, a process he repeats a few times before donating the shirts and underwear and buying new ones. "If I was doing a full load of wash it would be more efficient, but since I have very little clothing and would only be washing a few pieces at a time it actually is more energy and water efficient to have new ones manufactured," he told BuzzFeed News in an email. He also has a pet pig.
And, of course, Rhinehart is into video games. Soylent employees regularly blow off steam by playing games like Counter-Strike in the office gaming room. Rhinehart used to play StarCraft and dabbles in League of Legends. About a month ago, he took a nasty spill while riding a hoverboard around the office — the two-wheeled kind, favored by Wiz Khalifa — and broke his ankle. "I botched the dismount," he said. With a medical boot on his foot, he posted up for a while in a hammock in the office, near an oversize bottle of Soylent 2.0. "I like the fact that in e-sports," Rhinehart said, "no one gets hurt."
William Alden / BuzzFeed News
Soylent is getting into the sponsorship business just as gaming becomes a mass-audience entertainment form on par with professional sports. Sites like YouTube and Twitch broadcast video gaming to a global audience, racking up hundreds of millions of views each month, and pro tournaments sell out big arenas and offer multimillion-dollar prize pools. The business model of e-sports is also shifting to more closely resemble that of major sports. Most of the money in e-sports has come from games publishers looking to push their wares, but sponsorship — which starts to make sense when millions are watching — is becoming a bigger piece of the pie. The traditional sponsors of e-sports have been companies that sell computers, mice, graphics cards, and other gaming equipment. More recently, big food and drink companies have joined them, and a few years ago, Monster Energy signed a deal with the North American gaming team Evil Geniuses. At last year's ESL One in New York, a major sponsor was Pizza Hut. And Red Bull — not content to let someone else become the Red Bull of e-sports — is already a major player, sponsoring tournaments and hosting e-sports athletes at a studio in its office. (Red Bull also runs training programs for e-sports stars, including weeklong camps where they can learn to perform well under pressure.) Now Soylent, a scrappy newcomer, is stepping into the arena. The Soylent spaceman will greet fans in an entrance hallway at the Madison Square Garden theater this weekend, before they head inside to see the Soylent logo in big letters by the stage. The commentators will give shout-outs to Soylent. A 60-second Soylent ad will run on the broadcast.
Helena Kristiansson / ESL One
In the future, Soylent wants to build "facilities for gamers to come practice and work on their game," said Renteln, the chief marketing officer. The company also wants to build a film studio to create its own ads, according to Julio Miles, the startup's creative director. The ads might focus on the product, or possibly even be Red Bull-style videos featuring e-sports players. The big unknown is whether Soylent will catch on among e-sports fans. "The community aspect is so incredibly strong that if you just slap any brand on there, any product, they might lash out and be unhappy with it," Jesse Sell, who handles sponsorships at ESL, told BuzzFeed News. "It's just this kind of mob mentality. They're very, very into what they're into." Sell said he was confident Soylent would be a fit. While professional video gamers follow training regimens and watch what they eat, casual fans tend not to care as much about food. Still, Soylent is appealing to gamers' minds over their stomachs. "You wouldn't treat your laptop — like, you wouldn't leave a slice of pizza on it. And you wouldn't treat your body in the same way," Miles said. Soylent, he said, "definitely will power you a lot more efficiently than eating half a Little Caesars Hot-N-Ready pizza before you go play." The talks with ESL began when Conor Parker, Soylent's community manager, who formerly was a competitive gamer and professional commentator, reached out to a friend at the e-sports league. Parker, part of the e-sports world back in its DIY days a decade ago, said the gaming diet is ready for an overhaul. "You go to these events, you'll see Dr. Pepper, you'll see Mountain Dew. You just don't see anything healthy, really," Parker said. "So this is a nice option for gamers. I feel like it'll be good for them to really change their diets around."
× Expand Doug Ford (L) and Mike Del Grande preside over the budget committee meeting Monday.
Libraries aren't safe from budget cuts after all.
On Monday the budget committee defied a flood of public opposition and approved a motion that would force the Toronto Public Library to slash its budget by 10 per cent. Libraries across the city now appear headed for steep reductions in operating hours, material collections and programming.
The TPL initially balked at Rob Ford's demand that all city departments achieve the 10-per-cent reduction target, tabling a plan in October that would have shrunk their budget by only 5.7 per cent instead. Detailed plans were drafted to cut hours as well, but the board rejected them several times.
After Monday's vote those plans now appear to be back in play, and they include cutting a combined 19,444 annual operating hours from 59 of the TPL's 98 branches, or the equivalent of seven per cent of the system's total hours of operation.
While the wording of Monday's motion doesn't specify how savings must be found, chief librarian Jane Pyper confirmed that the nearly $7 million in additional cuts being demanded couldn't be achieved without some combination of losing hours, shrinking library collections, and eliminating programs.
The library board had already identified $10 million in savings through the elimination of 107 employee positions, new fines, and greater use of automated technology.
Budget chair Councillor Mike Del Grande, who tabled the motion at committee, said he was determined to make the TPL meet the mayor's 10-per-cent reduction target.
"I'm not going to hold up the budget just for them. A number's going to be given to them and it's their job to figure it out," Del Grande said before introducing the motion.
The mayor's opponents accused the Ford administration of rejecting the will of Torontonians.
"The budget committee has decided to ignore the millions of people who use our libraries," said Councillor Janet Davis. "The people of Toronto have been so clear on this. Libraries are essential services and we need them in the city of Toronto."
Threats to library services have been the subject of intense public backlash since Councillor Doug Ford, the mayor's brother, made his infamous comments last July about cutting branches "in a heartbeat." Many of the hundreds of people who turned out to depute at City Hall during the budget process urged council not to shutter branches or reduce hours.
On Monday Councillor Ford downplayed the potential loss of library service.
"I don't think you'll see much of a change," he said when asked what libraries would look like in 2012. "You're going to have services, the doors are going to be open."
As the vote approached, councillors close to Ford appeared to be feeling heat from constituents. Councillor Michelle Berardinetti, who sits on the mayor's powerful budget and executive committees, told media last week that she would not vote in favour library cuts.
But in a surprise move she voted for Del Grande's motion Monday, although she wouldn't concede that it was a vote in favour of reducing library hours. She argued that because motion's wording didn't specify hour reductions, the library board still has a chance to find savings by other means.
"Creative solutions abound. I think that we have some really good people on the library board. They can come back with those solutions," Berardinetti said. "If they say they're going to cut library hours, then I won't approve it."
Berardinetti did not clearly explain if the library board would have the chance to present alternate solutions before city council votes on the budget next week.
Including the police, the city manager's office, and 311, at least 12 other departments have failed to meet the 10-per-cent target, leaving Ford's opponents to question why the TPL is being singled out.
"This mayor seems to have his guns on the library," said Councillor Davis. "I don't understand it. It isn't reflective of the view of this council or of the people of Toronto. And I'm hopeful it will get reversed when it comes to council."
The city's 2012 operating and capital budgets will go before executive committee on Thursday and then to a full council vote on January 17.
Italy is going to deploy its troops along Russia's borders. That would be funny if it weren't so sad, especially given the fact, that in 2018 Italy will be taking over the command of NATO's Rapid Reaction Force in the Baltic.
The decision to deploy 140 Italian troops in Latvia was taken by the NATO summit in Warsaw in July, but Italian Defense Minister Roberta Pinotti obviously took her time admitting this.
In an interview with Sputnik, Italian military expert and observer with Analisi Deifesa and Libero journals, Mirkio Molteni, said that the Italian government had taken three months to admit this and had used the 50th anniversary of a military college in Rome as a pretext to ask NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg to bring the news to the Italian people.
“Various opposition parties are protesting against this and with good reason too, but the government just pretends that everything is all right. What is happening, really? Has Italy declared war on Russia?” Mirkio Molteni wondered.
He mentioned repeated statements by Rome that it wanted to maintain a dialogue with Russia, but in fact it looks like Italy is simply taking orders from NATO and the United States.
“What makes this news so bad is that, first, it proves that Italy is not an entirely sovereign state and, secondly, this is putting Italy, which has always been a good friend of Russia, on a collision course with Moscow,” Molteni noted.
“It looks like NATO is pushing Italy to deploy its troops in the Baltic countries even though our interests have traditionally been in the Mediterranean and it would only be logical to use our forces there,” he added.
He said that Italian Prime Minister [Matteo Renzi] should have brought the issue before parliament.
“Does it mean that Italy still remains a second-class ally to the US and must implement the secret protocols of the 1950s, like the Bilateral Infrastructure Agreement (BIA) signed in 1954?”
“I hope the Russian government realizes that Italy has been forced to act this way, just like everyone knows that NATO-Russia relations largely depend on the outcome of the presidential elections in the United States,” Mirkio Molteni emphasized.
Banks are watching the government's poker face before major IT outsourcing projects are signed off?
The financial services sector, and banks more specifically, are notoriously heavy outsourcers. But currently despite a big pipeline of deals expected in the future the banks could be waiting for the government to show its hand before embarking on major strategic projects.
So what has the government got behind its poker face?
The first government hand:
The government, well the tax payer, owns large portions of banks and despite saying it will sell them quickly the shock results of the banks over the last week or so might make the shares worth retaining.
Also the banks know when they complete major strategic projects including outsourcing lots of IT they will probably be in better financial shape. So they probably don't want to do it until the shares are out of government hands.
The second government hand:
The banks are waiting for the government to show its hand in terms of what regulations it might impose on them. This might include taxation.
One company that is confident that IT outsourcing is firmly back on the banking agenda is Harvey Nash. It says it has opened another office in London's financial district in reaction to more demand for IT outsourcing and IT skills.
The company, which provides IT skills and outsourcing services, said: “The additional office will continue to provide talent to the Group's existing financial services clients located in the City and Canary Wharf areas of London and also leverage new client and candidate opportunities. Forming a crucial part of the Group's global footprint, the team will also seek to support financial services organisations headquartered in New York, Connecticut, Edinburgh, Frankfurt and Zurich who are increasingly looking to recruit talent in their London operations.”
Robert Morgan, director at consultantancy Burnt-Oak Partners says banks are currently “chatting” about projects but not signing them off. “They are waiting for the government to make its move.”
Great minds, guys.
TJ Brodie and Duncan Keith comparisons aren't necessarily anything new – we're talking about two defencemen known for their elite skating ability and two-way play, and now that Brodie is becoming known league-wide, it's all the more appropriate to discuss – but here, at Flames Nation, you get two in two days!
Without talking it over with anyone, I kind of spontaneously started writing a piece on how Brodie is following Keith's trajectory back on Monday. Tuesday comes, and Byron's wonderful piece comparing this year's Flames to the 2007-08 Blackhawks is unveiled, complete with the very same “TJ Brodie is the Flames' Duncan Keith” thought. Now it's Wednesday, and you get to read a more in-depth take on that.
There are more obvious comparisons out there, of course; most notably, the whole Sean Monahan-Jonathan Toews Johnny Gaudreau-Patrick Kane thing. But the Keith one is crucial because while of course the high picks of Toews and Kane helped the Blackhawks franchise massively, they already had the workings of a top defence pairing in place beforehand. And as the Edmonton Oilers have shown us, high forward picks with no defence in place doesn't exactly get you anywhere.
Brodie has been the Flames' Keith: an absolutely crucial part of the rebuild.
Rookies in their early 20s
The starts of Brodie and Keith's careers don't line up all too well. Brodie became an NHLer at the age of 21, while Keith didn't step in until he was 22. To further complicate things, Keith played a full season in his rookie year, while Brodie's 22-year-old year corresponded with a lockout that wiped out half of the season.
Keith missed just one game as a rookie. He jumped right into the NHL, averaging 23:26 a game right from the get-go. Brodie's introduction to the big leagues was a bit more gradual: as a 21-year-old, he averaged 16:29 on the ice, while his 22-year-old season saw him upgrade to 20:13.
Scoring-wise, Keith led the way, too. His nine goals in his rookie season beat the four goals Brodie combined for in his first two. He took 134 shots on net, while Brodie combined for just 88. Brodie did, however, combine for 28 points (14 a season) while Keith scored 21, albeit over 20 fewer games.
The strong majority of Keith's points came at even strength, while a fair number of Brodie's came on the powerplay. So even though Keith had more time with which to work, he didn't rely as heavily on favourable circumstances as Brodie to score. He was definitely the superior offensive player to start his career.
Age 23
This is about where everything comes to a head, as Brodie's numbers start to mimic Keith's. By this point, Keith and Brodie had played pretty much the same amount in the NHL: 1,898 minutes for Keith, 1,888 for Brodie. They were starting from roughly the same position for their 23-year-old seasons.
Keith continued to average a relatively high ice time of 23:36, but Brodie, now paired with Mark Giordano and on the top pairing himself, jumped up to 24:04.
Both scored 31 points, but ultimately, Keith's numbers were a touch more impressive considering his own circumstances: he scored more at even strength, and managed more shots, all in less ice time. The differences weren't that huge: three more even strength points, 18 more shots, 15 fewer minutes total.
At this point, we're splitting hairs, but the numbers were pointing slightly more in favour of the guy picked 54th overall, rather than 114th.
Seven years ago, and the present
Keith is seven years older than Brodie. Seven years ago are right about when advanced stats started really coming about. Seven years ago are when Keith garnered his first Norris Trophy votes. He hadn't yet truly broken out, but he was steadily improving: an additional two minutes a game saw his average ice time jump up to 25:34. His scoring remained consistent, now up to 32 points, but he was shooting the puck more. He was also scoring more, his shooting percentage increasing 6.5% as he scored an additional 10 goals.
It was a great sign of things to come. Two seasons after, Keith would win that Norris Trophy, not to mention the Stanley Cup, all while averaging more than 26 minutes a game and scoring a nice career high 69 points.
Now, what about Brodie's 24-year-old season? With 12 games to go, it's not quite done yet.
Here's the thing, though: his progression is still hand-in-hand with Keith's. His averaged 25:05 a game isn't as impressive, nor are his projected 138 shots this season (they do, however, point to continued growth, which is, of course, good), about 30 seconds and 10 shots shy of Keith. His projected 45 points, though? That's a season ahead, as it took Keith until his 25-year-old season to score 44.
Approximately 68% of Brodie's points this season have come at even strength, a little less than Keith's 72%. So while 24-year-old Brodie is outscoring 24-year-old Keith, he's relying a little more on special teams to do so.
But not by a lot. Again, we're starting to split hairs here.
So this is where the comparisons are falling for their 24-year-old seasons: Keith played a little more, in more favourable circumstances (he started more in the offensive zone than 23 or 24-year-old Brodie have been able to), and scored a fair amount less.
With Brodie closely following Keith's trajectory, he's begun putting up more impressive offensive numbers while playing in more difficult circumstances.
The Flames' Keith
Keith started getting Norris votes at age 24. With Brodie's offensive outburst this season, the increased attention may yield the same result for him; at the same time, any votes he could get may end up in Giordano's lap instead. While Keith is the driver of his own partnership with Seabrook, at this point in time Giordano is the Flames' number one, with Brodie closely trailing behind.
So Brodie has the benefit of an older and better defence partner. Prior to his injury, Giordano was involved in 43% of Brodie's offence this season, a pretty key part of his breakout. Brodie is, in part, the product of Giordano.
Still, he's good in his own right, ultimately putting up favourable numbers throughout his career no matter who he plays with, as long as the guy isn't named Deryk Engelland.
While Keith does have the slight edge on Brodie in everything outside of partner and circumstances of play, it's still really, really close between the two, the differences coming down to half a minute or a couple of percentage points. He's following his career path.
What remains to be seen is if Brodie's offensive abilities develop further. If he manages to reach that 70 point mark Keith never has. If he overtakes Giordano – and with their age difference, he in all likelihood will one day – and starts claiming Norris Trophies for himself.
But as far as things right now, it's one mobile defenceman doing pretty much the exact same things another did seven years before. Things worked out pretty well for that guy. If this keeps up, things should start working out pretty well for ours.
What would the museum's founders say?
From the address by Joseph H. Choate, one of the Met's first trustees, on the museum's opening day, March 29, 1880:
The erection of this building, at the expense of the public treasury for the uses of an art-museum, was an act of signal forethought and wisdom on the part of the Legislature. A few reluctant taxpayers have grumbled at it as beyond the legitimate objects of government, and if art were still, as it once was, the mere plaything of courts and palaces, ministering to the pride and the luxury of the rich and the voluptuous, there might be some force in the objection. “But now that art belongs to the people, and has become their best resource and most efficient educator, if it is within the real objects of government to promote the general welfare, to make education practical, to foster commerce, to instruct and encourage the trades, and to enable the industries of our people to keep pace with, instead of falling hopelessly behind, those of other States and other Nations, then no expenditure could be more wise, more profitable, more truly republican. “It is this same old-fashioned and exploded idea, which regards all that relates to art as the idle pastime of the favored few, and not, as it really is, as the vital and practical interest of the working millions, that has so long retarded its progress among us.”
***
Mayor Bloomberg grants Metropolitan Museum of Art right to charge mandatory entrance fee
New York City's outgoing mayor has entered the museum's legal dispute and granted it the right to impose a mandatory entrance fee of $25 or more.
By Barbara Ross AND Jennifer Fermino / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS
Friday, October 25, 2013, 5:18 AM
The Metropolitan Museum of Art can now charge an entrance fee of $25 or more.
The Met has acquired a new masterpiece — a lease that allows it to charge museumgoers whatever it wants.
And the museum has a well-known and wealthy arts patron to thank: Mayor Bloomberg.
Hizzoner waded into the legal dispute over the Metropolitan Museum of Art's admissions practices by granting it the right to impose a mandatory entrance fee of $25 or more.
Read more.
The Baby Boomers are retiring! The Baby Boomers are retiring! And only immigration can prevent a decline in our working-age population —and, by implication, a decline in living standards! That was the message from a recent Pew Research Center report: Immigration projected to drive growth in U.S. working-age population through at least 2035 , by Jeffrey S. Passel and D'Vera Cohn, March 8, 2017. It's immigration-enthusiast bunk, of course, as proved by the counter-example of Japan.
Pew estimates that the retirement of Baby Boomers will reduce the number of U.S.-born people of working age (25 to 64) by 8.2 million, or 6.4%, over the 2015 to 2035 period. But Pew projects that 17.8 million new immigrants will enter over these two decades, enough to offset and exceed the aging and death of working-age immigrants already here by about 4.6 million.
Immigration over the next 20 years will increase the working age population by about 10 million above current levels, according to Pew. In contrast, if an immigration moratorium were implemented, the working age population would fall by about 7 million:
Can't render, error
Note carefully: an immigration moratorium would mean a tighter labor market.
Conversely, projected immigration over the next 20 years will increase the working age population by about 17 million, or 10%, above the level that would have been reached under a moratorium. That means a looser labor market—and lower wages.
But Pew likely overstates immigration's future role:
by blithely assuming that the current level of immigration—about 850,000 working-age immigrants per year—will persist over the next two decades. President Trump, in contrast, has said he will end illegal immigration and reform legal immigration to produce a lower and more merit-based influx.
by projecting a sharp rise in second-generation immigrant workers on grounds that, as researchers Jeffrey Passel and D'Vera Cohn put it, “This group already lives in the U.S.; they were ages 5 to 24 in 2015.” Pew ignores the possibility that many of them—including, not impossibly, U.S.-born DREAMers—will be deported with their illegal parents, or self-deport.
Maybe that won't happen—but Trump's election wasn't supposed to happen either, remember?Or, as Trump memorably put it during the primaries, “ They have to go!
But quibbling about numbers distracts us from a more important question: Does the U.S. economy need any immigration at all?
A typical Immigration Enthusiast screed runs like this:
Relatively faster growth in the US population will translate into relatively faster economic growth… This is not optimism, but simple arithmetic. Japan and many European countries face long-term stagnation or even decline in their real GDPs - and hence the aggregate economic and fiscal resources available to pursue future-oriented agendas, from investing in the young to investing in national defense. [300 Million Americans: What Does It Mean? By Richard Jackson, Center for Strategic and International Studies, October 18, 2006]
Get it? More immigration means more workers, which means higher GDP—which means… we need more immigration!
Reality check: GDP does indeed rise when new immigrants enter the labor force, although essentially all of that is captured by the immigrants themselves in wages [Immigration and the American Worker: A Review of the Academic Literature, by George Borjas, Center for Immigration Studies, April 2013. Table 9, page 20.]
But living standards are best measured by per capita, not total, GDP. Per capita income falls if immigrants are less educated, productive, motivated than the native-born. And this is the case in the U.S., as seen in the Bureau of Labor Statistics' latest annual survey of the immigrant workforce. Comparing median wage and salary income of immigrant and native-born workers in 2015, BLS found:
Native-born American workers: $43,524
Immigrant workers: $35,412
BLS, Foreign-born Workers: Labor Force Characteristics - 2015, May 19, 2016, Table 5.
Immigrant workers earned 81.4% of the native-born median income. Male immigrants earned only 76.2% of what native-born males earned in 2015.
Recent arrivals (arriving within five-years of the survey year) are at an even greater disadvantage, earning only 65% of native-born median family income, according to a study released by Pew to mark the fiftieth anniversary of the 1965 immigration law [Modern Immigration Wave Brings 59 Million to the U.S., Driving Population Growth and Change Through 2065, By Jeffrey Passel and Molly Rohal, Pew Research Center , 2015. Figure 3.10].
Back in 1970, before the perverse selection of the 1965 Immigration Act had come into play, new arrivals received 88% of native-born American average incomes.
(These figures are adjusted for inflation and family size, giving a true picture of decline in the living standards of new entrants relative to the native-born).
And there's a further point that immigration enthusiasts never make:
Countries with stable or falling populations can often enjoy faster per capita GDP growth than those with high immigration and population growth.
Take Japan , for example. Population has actually declined in recent years, although the labor force is expanding as older people rejoin the workforce and more women take jobs in response to the tightening labor market (see above).
But additionally, from 1960 to 2011 Japan's per capita GDP, measured in 2011 dollars of fixed purchasing power, rose 5.6 times, more than twice the 2.7 times increase recorded in the U.S.
Can't render, error
Over this period, Japan followed a “Japan First” economic policy, discouraging the influx of people as well as foreign capital. Japan's immigration policy is based on two principles: admission of highly skilled workers exclusively; and immigration only on a temporary basis.
The only exception to these rules: persons of Japanese descent. The government allows the recruitment of ethnic Japanese living abroad on long-term visas that include an unlimited work permit.
Foreigners today make up 1.4% of the Japanese labor force, tiny compared to the 16%-17% immigrant share of the U.S. workforce [Japan is looking for ways to bring in more foreign workers without calling it an 'immigration policy' by Linda Sieg and Ami Miyazaki, Reuters, April 26, 2016]
In recent years, Japan's immigrant population has been practically unchanged, edging up from 1.55 million, or 1.22% of total population in 2005, to 1.98 million, or 1.55% in 2013.
Over the same period the U.S. immigrant population rose by more than 6 million, from 35.2 million (12.1% of total population) in 2005 to 41.3 million (13.1% of total population) in 2013.
The political dynamic affecting immigration policy is the same in both countries: Businesses want access to cheap labor; workers want protection. In Japan, for the most part, the government has sided with the people.
The result—painfully slow workforce growth—has forced Japanese employers to enhance the productivity of their racially homogeneous workforce with better technology, equipment, and training—producing the exceptional rise in GDP per capita.
And also producing, of course, a complete absence of Muslim terrorism.
Could Donald Trump's “America's First” replicate the success of Japan's populist strategy? Yes.
Will it? Maybe. The jury is still out.
Edwin S. Rubenstein (email him) is President of ESR Research Economic Consultants.
View Larger Map
SOLON, Ohio -- Bainbridge Road residents lost a court fight Friday to try to block their yard from being paved over for a temporary road.
Cuyahoga County's $12 million plan to reconstruct 2.4 miles of Bainbridge Road and add new sidewalks, water lines and sewers is scheduled to start Monday.
The plan calls for taking parts of front lawns along the route to build a two-way temporary road to maintain traffic during construction, which is expected to last until the summer of 2012.
Homeowners John and Mary McNamara asked Common Pleas Court on March 25 to block eminent domain action against them and prevent the temporary road. But Judge Ronald Suster on Friday denied their request.
Suster did not issue a written opinion but said Friday the McNamara's had not proven their case well enough to block the long-planned project.
Assistant County Prosecutor Dale Pelsozy, who represented the county, said the temporary road is necessary and that the McNamaras should have filed their objection last summer instead of at the last minute.
Mary McNamara and lawyer Alyssa Keeny said they expected to schedule a hearing Friday and were caught off guard by Suster ruling before the McNamaras or experts could testify. Suster said he ruled quickly because construction is scheduled to start next week.
Though the McNamaras were the plaintiffs in the case, other neighbors also oppose the plan. They and their attorneys said they do not object to the entire project or to losing property to permanently improve the road, just having two lanes of traffic run through their yards for the temporary road.
The county has filed to take the land through eminent domain and will return it after construction is over. The residents say that while the land will be taken temporarily, trees and other features -- including a stone wall at one home -- will be destroyed. They said using detours or one-way traffic would reduce damage to their property.
"There is no necessity for the temporary road," Mary McNamara told The Plain Dealer before the judge's ruling. "It's merely a matter of convenience. Taking of personal property wasn't meant for convenience."
Neighbor John Nolan said creating a two-lane temporary road is both unusual and overkill.
"If the road was getting widened, you could see it," said Nolan, who will lose a stand of mature arborvitae. "But you're doing permanent destruction for temporary convenience. It's unnecessary."
The Solon police and fire departments have said that other options would not work and that the two-way temporary road, which will cost $1.1 million, is best for public safety.
The McNamaras argued that the county did not follow the proper procedure in trying to acquire the land from homeowners and misrepresented the plan. Attorney Warner Mendenhall, who also represented the McNamaras, said residents were told the land was needed for grading.
"They never told the property owners they were going to put a two-lane road in their front yard," he said.
The project, which has been planned since 1993, moved to the forefront when federal stimulus money became available. That money will pay for the entire project.
