Four minutes of prying, pushing and pulling were caught on camera just before midnight, Friday.
Saint Francis De Sales Catholic Church in Sharptown released video of a break in, in hopes of a tip to catch the suspect.
Inside the chapel, eight custom-made donation boxes were destroyed and emptied. The boxes are emptied daily by church staff.
“In the beginning, I feel very upset when I heard the news,” said Father Joseph Son Thanh Phan.
Phan calls his fellowship, generous. To him, replacing the boxes and the church door isn't the problem, but fear among his 900-person congregation is a major concern.
“I'm one who burns candles in the chapel all the time,” said Carla Vanoverdam. “It's weird that someone takes those dollars.”
There have been two other break ins at the church in the last two years. Security cameras were installed last month and now the church is going to install an alarm system.
The church filed a police report Saturday morning. They're hoping to identify the man who stole from people who are willing to help him.
“We know that the person needed it,” said Phan. "But there's a way the person can come ask for help and we're willing to give it to them.”
If you have information about the break in, please call Crime Stoppers at (713)222-TIPS.
STORY WRITTEN BY DUTCH GODSHALK
dgodshalk@21st-centurymedia.com
@dutchgodshalk on Twitter
Late last year, veteran journalist Ta-Nehisi Coates was at the height of his success, shaking the literary scene with his roiling and incisive bestseller “Between the World and Me,” when he made a seemingly abrupt career move: he started writing for Marvel Comics.
In spring 2016, “one of the most thought-provoking and perceptive writers today” would helm a run of “Black Panther” comics, Marvel announced last September, in an apparent attempt to breathe new life into its first black superhero, originally created back in 1966.
When the Coates-written “Black Panther” #1 launched earlier this year, it was an instant blockbuster, debuting at the top of the comic charts and selling more than 300,000 copies by summer. Marvel had obviously chosen wisely. But what inspired Coates, a recent MacArthur fellow who would soon win a National Book Award for “Between the World and Me,” to take on the project when he did?
At Amalgam Comics & Coffeehouse in Philadelphia on Wednesday afternoon, the author spoke a bit about what motivated him to sign on for the series at such an apex moment in his career, a moment when, for example, Toni Morrison had publicly compared him to James Baldwin.
“Black Panther happened at a very interesting time,” Coates, a towering presence in a charcoal blazer, told a crowd of roughly 50 comic-book lovers. “I've been writing for 20 years, and that was a point in my career, for the first time in my life, (when) people — and I don't think it's too much to say this — people were trying to put a crown on my head, as a black writer.”
This was no exaggeration. “Between the World and Me,” an impassioned, 152-page letter to Coates' son, was written and published in the throes of America's fraught reckoning with systemic racism, a cultural tempest resulting from protests in Ferguson, Baltimore and New York City, and from the rise of the Black Lives Matter movement nationwide.
From the heart of that squall — the rallies and the riots, the endless acerbic network-news discourses, the now-all-too-familiar cell phone videos depicting police brutality — came Coates' book, a memoir of sorts that gave voice to national unrest.
For its searing honesty and eloquence, the book and its author were celebrated. And, eventually, that celebration led to coronation: “‘You're the man now, in terms of black folks and black writing,” Coates was being told, in so many words. “‘You get to say X, Y, and Z.'
“It is very hard, to this very day, to say to people, ‘I don't want any part of that,” he told the crowd on Wednesday. “But that's how people see you.”
Coates said he saw something similar in Black Panther's alter-ego, T'Challa, the king of a war-torn African nation called Wakanda who doubles as a masked crime fighter. As an erudite leader-slash-superhero, T'Challa struggles under the weight of his responsibilities.
“I felt a very similar tension in T'Challa,” Coates said. “How can one have the time — even if you're genius, especially if you're a genius — to pursue scientific longing when you're called to the day-to-day treachery of being a king? How do you do both? Those were the personal things that I wanted to explore” with “Black Panther.”
As a writer stepping into the “Black Panther” story, one that's been unfolding in various comic series since the late ‘60s, Coates said he was determined to stay true to the character's past and the conditions of T'Challa's world.
“I think part of the challenge of writing and reading comic books is the weight of history,” he said, referring to the many years of “Black Panther” stories that have already taken place. “In that way it mirrors the very real world,” he said. “You're born into an historical condition, and then you have to make something out of that.”
When an audience member asked if comic books could serve as political tools, Coates responded that they are “always political tools,” whether a writer intends it or not.
“It's very difficult to create art that has no political import.”
Starting out on the current “Black Panther” run, “one of the things that I assumed about Wakanda is that it's a human society and it's complicated,” not unlike our own society. “Those were my assumptions, and I ran with that. And is that a political statement? Yeah, it is.
“If you live in a country, like we do, where people regularly demean and dehumanize black humanity, yes. If you live in a country where a Black Lives Matter movement needs to actually happen, yes, it's a statement. If you live in a world where you go on social media and you see black people being choked to death, being shot at by agents of the state, then yes, that is a statement, yes it is.”
At this, the audience erupted in applause. Then Coates added, “Art has a very foundational role in making sure we see each other as human beings.”
But even though moments like these offered a sense of why Coates took on the “Black Panther” story when he did — and where his head was at during certain points of the writing process — there were also refreshing pockets of pure nerd serenity during the Oct. 26 event.
Conversation often waded waist-deep in the nitty-gritty details of the Marvel universe. How strong is Black Panther? Should a human be able to body-slam him? Should Black Panther have ever married (and divorced) Storm from the X-Men — and who even let that happen?
At one point, the MacArthur fellow got into an uproarious back-and-forth with an overexcited fan, debating the more minute details of a few “Black Panther” panels. After the argument, Coates assured the audience it was all in good fun: “I love this stuff!” While writing the comics, “I spent, like, four or five months by myself, in a room, doing just that!”
Marvel's current “Black Panther” run, created by Ta-Nehisi Coates and artists Brian Stelfreeze and Chris Sprouse, is now on its eighth issue. It is available wherever new comic books are sold.
Unit types have received a comprehensive rebalance, with almost every single land unit in the game having their stats changed. The overall number of 'pips' on units were cut in half to reduce the role played by technology in land battles. Major rebalancing was also done of the different technology groups, who are now almost entirely equal in overall strength, but 'peak' at different times. For example, the Ottomans receive very strong early game units, but aren't as good in the late game, while Western units start out poor but excel in the late game. Progression through units is now much less uneven for many of the slower tech groups, and many units that were under- or overpowered for their tech level have been adjusted. The African and Native American tech groups also received a number of new cavalry units.
As a part of these changes, nations that Westernize will no longer get Western units, retaining their old technology group's units instead.
Click to expand...
The NBN discussion in November was shaped by the release of several core documents and their discussion in Senate hearings.
One repeating theme was NBN Co's work in the Melton, Victoria area, where the September release of documents suggesting fibre had been rolled out more cheaply previously spawned a firestorm within NBN Co. NBN Co executives were ultimately pressed to recant some of its earlier testimony and conceded that not only had they purchased but not used licenses for a new rollout methodology but that they would potentially use it again in the future.
There were revelations that the body producing the recent NBN Cost-Benefit Analysis explicitly instructed an analytics subcontractor to ignore potentially significant business revenues that would have supported the case for FTTP, and instead adopted an arbitrary and superficial method that the government said further supported NBN Co's new multi technology mix (MTM).
NBN Co released "broad principles" for its rollout technology determinations, confirming that there would be no more fibre-to-the-premises (FTTP) added to the rollout beyond what is already planned or underway. Fibre to the node (FTTN) will instead become the default deployment technology, even though the company still has not finalised the agreement with Telstra that will be necessary to deliver widespread FTTN.
NBN Co was also talking up its plans for the Telstra and Optus HFC networks even though it admitted it has yet to see any detailed information about those networks' locations or capabilities. Equipment provider Arris believes the NBN Co strategy for HFC can work, while Labor communications spokesperson Jason Clare admitted that no matter how the Coalition's NBN shapes up it will be hard to return to Labor's original FTTP strategy.
News emerged that NBN Co had approached global financial institutions to prepare for an $11.6 billion debt raising, although support for splitting the company - which has been recommended by many as part of its eventual privatisation - it was weighing up its plans to counter the competitive threat posed by TPG and its fibre-to-the-basement (FTTB) rollout, saying first that it wouldn't seek to directly shadow TPG's rollout but then admitting that it would have no compunctions about doing just that and - contrary to earlier technical advice saying it would present technical issues - installing equipment in buildings where TPG had already installed equipment.
The Department of Communications conceded that its series of NBN reviews has now consumed over $2 million in costs, even as the company released its 2014-2017 Corporate Plan and buried it in so many caveats that NBN Co is unprepared to stand by any of its forecasts past the middle of 2015. The corporate plan did confirm that the ultimate rollout would include around 25 per cent FTTP connections, although NBN Co confirmed that fibre would be available at a cost to those who want it and didn't get it first time around.
Even as NBN Co marked the commencement of construction work on its 1 millionth premises, the release of a draft v13 of the company's never-released Corporate Plan 2013-2016 showed that the previous NBN Co board had adjusted for the challenges the rollout had previously faced, and that it was prepared to implement the same architectural changes as NBN Co has subsequently implemented to speed up its rollout.
NBN Co's court battle with and TPG was postponed again, while NBN Co faced problems with another partner after Nextgen Networks stopped taking new connection orders for its NBN Virtual Connect product after the company said NBN Co technical changes would force it to invest heavily to change its own infrastructure. NBN Co announced it would cut its connectivity virtual circuit charges by 12.5 per cent but pricing changes were set to do little for technical issues such as those reported by national ISP iiNet, whose CEO accused Telstra of failing to adequately maintain the copper network it has ceded to NBN Co - affecting iiNet's ability to deliver services and resolve issues.
Speaking of Telstra's copper networks, an FOI request revealed that Telstra and the Department of Communications had warned communications minister Malcolm Turnbull that claims about the speed of FTTN services should be tempered with a disclaimer that real-world results may vary, but the warning was ignored.
Further reading
Foxtel and the NBN - threat or opportunity? (Business Spectator)
NBN tweaks won't break the Telstra stranglehold (Technology Spectator)
One week, two corporate plans, three strained NBN Co execs (ZDNet)
Time to end the NBN spin cycle (Business Spectator)
TPG should outbid NBN Co to buy the Optus HFC network (ZDNet)
Tina Fey at the 19th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards on Jan. 27, 2013, in Los Angeles Photo by Jason Kempin/Getty Images
As the final episode of 30 Rock approaches and America prepares to bid its harried, comedy-star-herding heroine a last blerg-bye, Liz Lemon is already being celebrated by the media as one of the more memorable female characters in the history of television. Tributes are being paid. Lists of her memorable quotes have been assembled. Her image recently appeared in the supporting Lois Lane role on the cover of Rolling Stone, prompting outraged blog posts because—hello?—Liz Lemon, not Jack Donaghy, is our Superman.
None of this is surprising. While the audience for 30 Rock was never massive, among many, affection for the show and Liz Lemon has always run deep. From the moment Lemon first appeared in the 2006 30 Rock pilot, bought every hot dog from a street vendor's stand to shut up a rude New York businessman, then gave away those wieners to the tune of a song reminiscent of the theme from That Girl, we have expected Liz Lemon and Tina Fey, the show's creator and Lemon's real-life alter ego, to usher in a fresh, fruitful era for funny ladies on television.
By “we,” yes, I refer to the rabble of professional writers who get paid to fill the Internet's tubes with insightful commentary about pop culture and/or women's issues, a group that has cranked out a lot of think pieces about Liz Lemon and Tina Fey over the years. But I also mean ladies more generally, particularly those most likely to view Fey as their official nerd and savior: sarcastic Gen Xers, third-wave feminist alumni of Ivy Leagueish universities, and anyone who considers consuming night cheese while wearing a Slanket the makings of a rock-solid Saturday evening.
If our Tina—first female head writer for Saturday Night Live and the stinging satirist behind the movie Mean Girls—could be put in charge of her own show about a woman who's also in charge of her own show, then surely this would lead to a TV landscape in which, to borrow the title of Fey's book, a lot of ladies would soon be walking across our LED screens wearing bossypants. At least that was the hope. Now, with all 138 30 Rock episodes in the can and just that one final send-off left to air, this seems like a good time to ask: Did the existence of Liz Lemon actually change anything for women on television?
Fey's 30 Rock success—and let's define success here by the show's longevity, quality, and accolades, not its often pitiful ratings—just so happened to occur on the front end of what has been a very encouraging time for women working in the industry. More high-profile comedies—from Girls to The Big C to Enlightened to The New Girl and The Mindy Project, which serve as anchors for Fox's Tuesday night comedy block—are being created or co-created by women and placing dynamic, dysfunctional, and funny female characters at the center of their narratives. Shows that weren't necessarily invented by women—Parks and Recreation and Veep—also have generated buzz while casting woman as central figures in powerful positions. Is Tina Fey and/or Liz Lemon responsible for this? Maybe not directly. But many of the women riding this wave, like Kaling and Fey's friend and partner in Golden Globes-hosting genius Amy Poehler, would likely cite Fey's simultaneously self-deprecating and cutting sensibility—both on 30 Rock and in her previous work—as an inspiration for their own.
In fact, during a 2012 Television Critics Association panel, Eileen Heisler, one of the two female showrunners of ABC's The Middle and a former producer for Murphy Brown, attributed TV's lady renaissance in part to Fey. “I think Tina Fey—and us—poked a little hole that allowed for this [proliferation of women in television],” she said, according to Deadline. As we all learned during this year's Golden Globes, it was watching Tina Fey, among others, that helped a young Lena Dunham make it through middle school. That has to count for something.
But if we learned anything from 30 Rock—aside from the fact that it's possible to get away with putting both Jane Krakowski and Jon Hamm in black face when done in the proper comedic context—it's that the TV business is liberally peppered with “dummies,” as Lemon would call them. Some are actual dummies, while others may be legitimately intelligent individuals, like Jack Donaghy, who nevertheless fill their network's programming lineup with shows that cater to dummies (MILF Island). What is great and smart does not always survive, and with every flicker of progress for TV gender equality comes a setback, like the recent cancellations of Fox's Ben and Kate and ABC's Don't Trust the B—- in Apt. 23, both of which were created by women.
Even though more opportunities for women now exist, TV comedy, like TV in general, still remains an unquestionably male-dominated field. Modern Family has been the Emmy-anointed Best Comedy on television for three years running, but only one of the 12 producers credited with last year's victory is a woman. Fewer than half of the members of the writing staff of The Big Bang Theory are Pennys as opposed to Sheldons. According to IMDB, in the 20-plus years that The Simpsons has been on the air, only seven of its 71 episode-writing credits belong to women. Even the 30 Rock writing staff skews male but, to its credit, just barely: According to NBC, five of its 12 current writers are women.
The story of the show within the 30 Rock show reflects this reality in its usual hyperbolically humorous terms. Just look at Liz Lemon's arc: She started out running a sketch-comedy series called The Girlie Show, which was defeminized to become TGS with Tracy Jordan and, finally, in a recent act of corporate-sponsored desperation designed to save the show from cancellation, turned into Bro Body Douche Presents the Man Cave, with Liz Lemon's name in the credits changed to Todd Debeikis. The subtext: Sure, there's a lot more lady business on TV these days. But ultimately, the place is still Bro-Town.
Which brings us to what may be the most important lesson and legacy of 30 Rock, at least for those looking at it as a guidepost for women in the entertainment field: the relationship between Liz Lemon and Jack Donaghy. Much has been said about the fact that Fey and her writers smartly opted to avoid a romance for their two foils, even though there were occasional zaps of sexual energy between them. Others—most notably Linda Holmes at NPR—lamented the degree to which Lemon eventually turned into a completely inept pseudochild who couldn't function without approval from Daddy Donaghy. That piece and others expressing frustration with the state of Liz Lemonism circa the latter seasons of 30 Rock prompted Emily Nussbaum of The New Yorker to leap to the defense of both Lemon and her relationship with her superior. “Liz needed Jack because her life was a mess, but their rapport wasn't primarily based around gender: it was about the cocky powerful suits versus the smug weakling creatives, although this satire was done (for once) with a woman at the center,” she wrote.
“[Lemon] lost most battles from the start,” Nussbaum added, “because that's the nature of network TV: compromise, compromise, compromise.”
In other words, their relationship was complicated for reasons that weren't consistently related to gender. Jack Donaghy wasn't always supportive of Lemon's vision—not even close. He's the guy, after all, responsible for taking the Girlie out of the Show. But he also, in his way, was an advocate for her, someone who forced her to see her own flaws, both personal and professional, and try to push past them, or at least examine them and reach her own conclusions about how to address them.
Many of the shows we look forward to might not be on the air if some influential and smart men hadn't championed them. Girls, perhaps, wouldn't exist without the support of co-executive producer Judd Apatow. Mindy Kaling would certainly have a project, but her comedy could not function week-to-week without its showrunner, Matt Warburton. There would be no Enlightened sans Mike White. And Liz Lemon as we know and love her might never have existed without the support of Lorne Michaels. To borrow the most quoted of Liz Lemon catchphrases, we all want to go to there—there being a world in which there are no gender barriers at all. But until we get to there, we have to deal with the here. That's what Liz Lemon attempted to do for seven seasons, sometimes successfully, sometimes not, and sometimes in extremely bizarre situations that involved David Schwimmer pretending to be a manic pro-environment mascot named Greenzo.
It may be too early to determine what the lasting legacy of Liz Lemon is, especially since it's not quite clear, prefinale, how to interpret what appears to be Liz's decision to be a stay-at-home mom to her newly adopted twins, Terry and Janet (aka Lil Tracy and Lil Jenna)—a decision that will undoubtedly start a whole new round of Lemonalysis in the blogosphere. But these words written by Fey herself in the aforementioned Bossypants sound at least partly right to me:
My unsolicited advice to women in the workplace is this. When faced with sexism or ageism or lookism or even really aggressive Buddhism, ask yourself the following question: “Is this person in between me and what I want to do?” If the answer is no, forget it and move on … don't waste your energy trying to educate or change opinions. Go “Over! Under! Through!” and opinions will change organically when you're the boss. Or they won't. Who cares? Do your thing and don't care if they like it.
When friends who are not in tech (luckily that's many of mine) ask what it's like building a startup like Beme, here's how I explain it:
“We're playing a game. In order to make it beyond the first level, we need to build a product that holds the focused attention of at minimum 100 million people. We have 3–4 years to do it, maybe. If we do not stay on a trajectory toward that goal, we will quickly cease to exist.”
“That's insane!” is the usual reply.
It is insane. It is a game which we play knowing we will most likely fail. It is a game we are absurdly privileged to even be able to play. It is also the game Casey Neistat and I signed up for.
(In fact, Casey was very clear-eyed about this harsh reality when he first told me about the idea that would become Beme. I didn't hesitate to join up with him in part because he is one of a handful of people in the world with a stomach for those odds.)
Whether they admit it or not, most of the startups whose products you use every day are playing a version of this game. The best (among which I hope we count) do it because they believe it's their shot at materially changing reality for the better on a global scale. This is not the only way to build a company. Less than 10% percent of all companies are VC-backed startups, playing this exponential-growth-or-bust game. But if your fundamental goal is rapidly connecting millions, there are few better ways.
A social product requires a critical mass of humans to be useful. The early days of the mobile app stores, like the early oughts on the web, were an all-you-can-eat buffet of excitement for new apps from the few companies who were talented enough to make them well.
We learned the hard way that in 2016, a rich, polished, nearly complete app on two platforms, and the ability to instantly garner the attention of millions of people are table stakes for any new product. Gone are the days of slowly iterating on ideas in public. The door for products like ours is in the process of closing with a resounding slam. We may not make it through, but with this team and purpose, we have a chance.
On the attention front, there are few tools: Significant cash for Facebook ads is one option, growth hacks like invite-all-my-friends-with-one-accidental-tap anti-patterns are another. More aboveboard, you can ride on the shoulders of a giant like Periscope smartly did with Twitter.
For us, that not-so-secret attention rocket is Casey, fueled by his honest belief that the highest calling for a creative person is to build something that enables creativity in others.
At least 55 people, including several women and children, were killed in suicide bombing at Shah Noorani Dargah in Pakistan's Balochistan province on Saturday, November 12. The death toll is likely to increase as at least 150 people have been rushed to nearby hospitals with serious injuries.
The initial death toll was pegged at 10, before it rose to 25, and then 30, before local news sources said that 55 people had died in the blast. According to reports, the suicide bomber was a 14-year-old boy.
While the authorities are yet to announce the exact cause of the explosion, local news reports say they have inside information from the investigators that it was a suicide blast. However, no terror group has so far claimed responsibility for the attack. Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has condemned the attack, and ordered local authorities to take appropriate action in this regard.
Difficulty in transporting the injured
The Pakistani police and the Frontier Corps have reached the spot and are helping in search and rescue operations. They have also cordoned off the blast area. However, they are reportedly facing hardships in their work because of the difficult terrain and absence of ambulances in the area.
The shrine is located high in the mountains of Balochistan, and although many people from surrounding areas and some from as far as Karachi — which is 200 km away — often go to the shrine, the roads are not too conducive for smooth and fast-paced travel, and there is a severe lack of ambulance services there. Additionally, helicopters became unusable in the area as night descended.
Meanwhile, local sources say all hospitals in the vicinity of Shah Noorani Dargah have been put on alert over incoming injured people. The local government has also issued two emergency numbers for people to get information: +92 81 9202110 and +92 81 9201002.
Blast occurred at Sufi gathering
The high number of casualties is said to be the result of a large gathering of devotees who had gone to the 500-year-old shrine to attend prayers. They had gone there to witness the Sufi dance "dhamaal" there. Unofficial sources put the number of devotees present at the shrine at 500.
The toll is expected to increase, with many others said to have been severely injured in the explosion. The total number of injured is currently pegged at 150.
Pakistan has seen several religious places targeted by extremists in recent times, like when a blast in a mosque led to the death of 25 people in September.
AS a sponsor of the Masters last year, IBM did what most sponsors did and introduced a few new commercials that ran in heavy rotation during the golf tournament. But this year, in the advertising equivalent of a driving range, IBM is teeing up about 50 commercials that will run just once.
To introduce a new campaign, “Made With IBM,” the company dispatched three filmmakers to 17 countries to document its technology in action. About half of the spots, which are 30 or 60 seconds long, feature businesses, public agencies and other IBM customers.
In one spot, for example, a representative from Sky Italia, the satellite television broadcaster, credits tools that collect and analyze social media mentions with helping to gauge subscribers' favorite shows. In another, a representative from Lindt, the Swiss chocolate company, credits cloud-computing expertise with increasing online sales.
Other spots feature IBM researchers (IBMers, in company parlance) explaining emerging technological solutions, such as how Watson, the cognitive computing system that famously vanquished “Jeopardy!” champions in 2011, is used by oncologists at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center to help choose diagnostic and treatment approaches, and by chefs to develop counterintuitive recipes.
When Prashant Kishor was roped into Congress to devise strategies for Uttar Pradesh and Punjab Assembly elections, many felt the move was the need of the hour for a party that was in a tailspin.
When Prashant Kishor was roped into Congress to devise strategies for Uttar Pradesh and Punjab Assembly elections, many felt the move was the need of the hour for a party that was in a tailspin. But since then a lot of things have changed and now several Congress leaders are not happy with the attitude of Kishor, according to The Indian Express report. They alleged he has left most of the strategising to his team members, the report said. A senior Congress leader, playing an important part in finalising the party's campaign in Uttar Pradesh, was last week heard saying that Kishor's team was behind “damaging” reports in a section of the media. When asked why the party was continuing with Kishor's services, the leader replied with a wry smile, “Rahulji ko puchiye (ask Rahul Gandhi)”. Earlier Kishor had even met Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav twice, triggering speculation of a ‘maha-gathbandhan' (grand alliance) ahead of the upcoming Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections. Two meetings took place in six days.
Prashant Kishor, a native of Bihar, had quit a UN health expert's job in Africa in 2011 and returned to India to form a group of young professionals who devised the strategy to project Modi as the face of good governance in the 2012 Gujarat polls and the 2014 Lok Sabha elections with resounding success.
You may also like to watch
Kishor had planned the election strategy for Nitish Kumar in Bihar Assembly elections of 2015. The Nitish Kumar government appointed him as CMs advisor and gave him the job of preparing vision document for Bihars long term development. Kishor, the man with the Midas touch, replicated the feat once again when Nitish Kumar secured a third consecutive term trouncing BJP-led NDA in Bihar where Modi, an arch rival of the JD(U) leader, had staked it all, having addressed at least 31 election rallies, unusual for a Prime Minister in a state poll.
Kishor, 37, who conceptualised and implemented Modi's popular ‘chai pe charcha' initiative, substituted it with ‘parcha pe charcha' (discussion over pamphlets) under which Nitish's poll managers sought feedback from people on the state government's performance over the past decade. Kishor had brought together a group of graduates from India's premier institutes and multinational companies to work on Modi's 2014 election campaign under the name ‘Citizens for Accountable Governance' (CAG). He dissolved CAG a few months after the elections.
The 2012 VIVA World Cup was the fifth VIVA World Cup, an international tournament for football open to non-FIFA-affiliated teams, played in the Iraqi Kurdistan. It marked a new record in the competition's history, with nine teams competing for the Nelson Mandela Trophy, from 4 to 9 June.[1] Al Iraqiya signed a television rights agreement with the NF-Board and the Kurdistan Football Association to broadcast all the matches.
Participating teams [ edit ]
Venues [ edit ]
Squads [ edit ]
Group stage [ edit ]
Key to colours in group tables Teams that advanced to the semi-finals
Group A [ edit ]
Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts Iraqi Kurdistan 2 2 0 0 7 0 +7 6 Occitania 2 1 0 1 6 3 +3 3 Western Sahara 2 0 0 2 2 12 −10 0
Group B [ edit ]
Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts Zanzibar 2 2 0 0 9 0 +9 6 Raetia 2 1 0 1 1 6 −5 3 Tamil Eelam 2 0 0 2 0 4 −4 0
Group C [ edit ]
Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts Provence 2 2 0 0 20 1 +19 6 Northern Cyprus 2 1 0 1 16 2 +14 3 Darfur 2 0 0 2 0 33 −33 0
Knockout stage [ edit ]
9th Place Match [ edit ]
5th–8th Place Semi-finals [ edit ]
7th Place Match [ edit ]
5th Place Match [ edit ]
3rd Place Match [ edit ]
Final [ edit ]
VIVA World Cup 2012 Winners
Iraqi Kurdistan
First title
Government proposals could see tenants evicted after two years, ending lifetime security in council housing
Councils are to be given powers to evict or transfer new tenants after as little as two years if their financial circumstances improve, under plans to be unveiled tomorrow.
The proposals would also allow councils greater freedoms to give social housing to people with a strong local connection to the area where they live. In some cases councils are also likely to give preference to the poor in work, as opposed to the unemployed.
The plans are being billed as a way of putting immigrants to the back of waiting lists, although they will still be given a right to accommodation if homeless. Labour claims it had already introduced the local connection rule.
The chief reform, which will end lifetime security in council housing, is likely to be divisive within the coalition.
David Cameron had said in the summer he wanted to end life tenancies for council homes to make way for contracts of five or 10 years for new tenants.
But the period floated by Cameron is now going to be cut back to just two years, so tenants whose financial circumstances have improved could be evicted with six months notice to leave.
At present, people given council homes are awarded an indefinite "secure tenancy" after a 12-month trial.
The danger with the policy is that it will work as a disincentive for a tenant to find well-paid work, since they will lose tenancy.
But Grant Shapps, the housing minster, argues that council homes are an under-used asset, being taken up often by those not in need.
Shelter said tonight the two-year tenancy showed naivity about how quickly people can get back on their feet, and claimed it was the latest in a long line of housing reforms that are beginning to feel like deliberate attacks on council tenants.
The shakeup represents the biggest set of changes to council homes for 30 years, and apparently flies in the face of protests from Simon Hughes, the Liberal Democrat deputy leader.
He told a meeting of the Defend Council Housing at Westminster last month: "The last thing we want is more insecurity. You can't say it builds up community cohesion to threaten the last bit of security in tenants' lives. People and communities need that security."
But the reforms are strongly supported by the Lib Dem minister in the department of communities, Andrew Stunnell. He argues there are 5 million people on council house waiting lists, and current policies have not worked.
Shapps will also end the right of a council house tenant to hand the property over to a member of their family when they die.
According to figures obtained from the department of communities under the Freedom of Information Act, it is estimated that in 2007-08 there was a cumulative total of around 90,000 successor tenants still living in the accommodation after the death of the original tenant. Of these 90,000, 40,000 took over the tenancy after 1997.
Shapps also plans to give councils powers to reject applications from anyone also applying for a home from another council to stop multiple applications.
In other reforms, councils and housing associations will also be able to charge rent of up to 80% of the market rate so that they can raise money to buy new properties.
The changes that apply to England are planned to come into force next year, but would only have a gradual impact since they apply only to new tenancies.
Seth Rosenblatt/CNET
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- Google's first phone for its ambitious Project Ara modular smartphone project will be a boring gray, Ara leader Paul Eremenko said at the first Ara developer's conference on Tuesday. And that's by design.
Eremenko told an audience of around 200 people at the Computer History Museum here that the general public won't have to wait long for their first shot at the Project Ara "gray phone." It's scheduled to go on sale in January 2015 for around $50.
Project Ara is to code-name for the smartphone project that would allow people to swap out physical components as easily as you can download a new app, one of the big ideas to come out of the Advanced Technology and Projects (ATAP) division at Google. ATAP, which the company peeled off from Motorola when Motorola was sold to Lenovo, is led by Regina Dugan, the former director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA).
"It's called the Gray Phone because it's meant to be drab gray to get people to customize it," he said.
Project Ara is not intended to be just another smartphone, he said, but as customizable and expressive of the user's personality as apps and software. Project Ara is the first step toward Google's vision of a future where smartphone hardware components can be bought from an app store like Google Play. But Ara is important to other areas of future-forward tech, including its reliance on miniaturized components and 3D printing.
If Ara is successful, it could change how people perceive and interact with smartphones. That's no idle threat. With Android now the most popular mobile operating system, thanks to Samsung, Android-powered Ara would have an in with Google's robust developer and user base.
Seth Rosenblatt/CNET
Between now and January, however, Eremenko and the two other full-time Project Ara team members at Google have a lot of work to do. They collaborate with a broad range of partners, from academic experts at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Carnegie Mellon, to business partners such as 3D Systems, a 3D printing company that's building a massive 3D printer so components can be easily fabricated.
Ara phones will support Android, which poses an interesting dilemma, since the Android operating system does not yet support the drivers necessary for it to control modular components.
"It's true that Android does not support dynamic hardware today," said Eremenko. "The good news is that we're Google," he added, to laughter from the audience. Android drivers will be due in December, one of the last tasks that the Project Ara team will tackle before the public release.
Ara's endoskeleton, the chassis that will hold the modular components together, will last for "five to six years," said Eremenko. The components will stay attached to the frame via electro-permanent magnets, and they will use the UniPro standard for communication between modules.
Seth Rosenblatt/CNET
The idea could revolutionize phone sales. Instead of having to buy a new phone to get the latest hardware, you might simply be able to buy a new version of the component you want to replace. The modularity would let you replace parts you don't want with ones that you do.
"We want to be as helpful but as hands-off as possible for the ecosystem," he said.
In a surprising moment of candor, Eremenko showed the audience several timelines for Ara development.
He explained that he was sharing the project timeline so that "you can make as well-reasoned, intelligent decisions about your investment in the Ara system as possible."
Another developer's conference will be held in July, with a third in September. Power bus support is due in May, with most system-level functions expected to arrive in September. After-market support, regulatory certification, and carrier certification is expected in November. The alpha build of the 3D printer is due in August, with a beta to follow in January 2015.
And then Eremenko told the audience that he'll be done with Project Ara on April 1, 2015, two years after he began. This, he said, is a common DARPA practice to ensure that projects have an urgency to them.
Scientist and scholar Frank Legge passed away on October 20th 2016. Frank was a leader of the international 9/11 Truth Movement. He had been a co-editor of the Journal of 9/11 Studies and a founding member of both Scholars for 9/11 Truth & Justice and Scientists for 9/11 Truth. His contributions to research into 9/11 will be remembered as among the most important in history.
Frank had a long and fulfilling life before and beyond the events of 9/11. He was a husband, father, and grandfather as well as a farmer, pilot, research scientist, and entrepreneur.
After obtaining a Diploma of Agriculture (Longerenong, Victoria, Australia), Frank spent his early years as an agricultural employee, then a contractor, in the state of Queensland. He then obtained a “conditional purchase” block of virgin bush in Western Australia, which he cleared and developed as a sheep and grain farm. On completion of this, Frank moved to Perth and enrolled at the University of Western Australia. During this period he obtained a pilot's license and acquired a share in a plane, which was useful in enabling him to easily visit and continue operating the farm.
On graduating with a Ph.D. in chemistry, in 1983, Dr. Legge worked as a research officer for the Department of Agriculture for a number of years. This included research into the manufacture and use of biodiesel. He was also involved with the Australian Merino Society in the development of their sheep-breeding index. With a colleague, he then formed a company, Solar Track Pty Ltd, and embarked on a project manufacturing solar tracking devices, based on a patented concept they developed in conjunction with the Department of Agriculture. Lastly he moved to consulting.
Frank's understanding of the events of 9/11 was set out in his website, now maintained by David Chandler. http://www.scienceof911.com.au/
This site includes links to many papers on the subject, including those Dr. Legge wrote and co-authored. He believed that the evidence for explosives in controlled demolition of all three of the buildings at the World Trade Center was convincing and that the failure of the U.S. agency NIST to consider this possibility was prima facie evidence of corruption and obstruction of justice.
Some of Dr. Legge's most important contributions to the 9/11 debate:
He was a prolific contributor to the Journal of 9/11 Studies, starting with the first publication in June 2006. His careful, logical approach was the basis for a dozen articles and half a dozen letters published by the Journal. In October 2007, he joined as co-editor and continued in that capacity until July 2012.
Among his most important articles was an early examination of the fall of WTC Building 7 in which Dr. Legge examined video and graphed the acceleration of the building. This paper, published ten years ago, initiated a series of similar calculations that led to irrefutable arguments in favor of demolition.
Dr. Legge's insights and expertise were often less visible than the work of his colleagues. That fact is exemplified by his listing as fourth author of eight on the seminal article Extremely High Temperatures During the World Trade Center Destruction. His co-authors would agree that his leadership on the article was invaluable.
He was co-authored for articles that brought the unanswered questions of 9/11 into mainstream scientific discussion. These included a search for common ground with official investigators called Fourteen Points of Agreement with Official Government Reports on the Destruction of the World Trade Center. Frank was also an important contributor to the breakthrough article entitled Active Thermitic Material Discovered in Dust from the 9/11 World Trade Center Catastrophe.
Collaborating with Warren Stutt, Dr. Legge provided a study of the data file from the Flight Data Recorder (FDR) for the flight that was reported to have hit the Pentagon. The purpose of this work was to show that, contrary to widespread belief among activists, the data portrayed a flight that corresponded with the official reports of the course of the aircraft. Frank's position was that there were many reasons to doubt the truthfulness of the 9/11 reports but the data from the FDR was not one of them. His hope was that this information would help to unify the Truth Movement as it would reduce the tendency to assert claims, based on misinterpretation of the FDR file, that the plane did not hit the Pentagon.
As co-author with David Chandler, Legge examined the case that the Pentagon was hit by a plane, and that it did not fly over, as asserted by some activists. Again Dr. Legge's hope was to unify the Truth Movement. This was followed by an Addendum that strengthened the case.
Although a sound scientific approach was characteristic of his work, Legge's personality was also important in that he was often the most mature participant in any discussion. This is not to say he was merely the oldest but that he was levelheaded and composed in many heated, ego-driven, arguments. That is, Frank Legge was the grown-up at times when it was most needed.
This fact was exhibited in many of his writings and communications. For example, in order to achieve incremental improvement in the debate about what hit the Pentagon, Legge advocated a “precautionary principle,” urging everyone to assert only what was truly known. In order to address arguments raised in support of the “flyover” case, Legge wrote a paper on the Search for Consensus to seek common ground.
In the last decade of his life, Frank Legge had a tremendous influence on many people around the world. He led scientific inquiry into one of the most controversial subjects in history and he collaborated positively with many fellow citizens to reveal the truth. Those of us who worked with him during this time will remember his intelligence, dignity, and respect for others.
Kevin Ryan blogs at Dig Within.
The Netflix show Stranger Things is many things: weird, creepy, a retro throwback to 1980s children's movies like The Goonies and Stand By Me, a way to convince young women they'd look badass with shaved heads. (NB: You probably won't.)
However, one thing Stranger Things is not is particularly feminist, even though various media outlets have described it as such.
Although the show has been lauded for its portrayal of strong female characters, from Winona Ryder's grieving mom Joyce Byers to de facto gay icon Barb, Stranger Things is actually fairly regressive in terms of its depiction of women.
Considering that Stranger Things is set in 1983 — the era of the "Just Say No" anti-drug campaign, Reagonomics and when people truly didn't think ALF's nose looked like a dick — it makes sense that the show would harbor somewhat conservative views of women. Here are just a few reasons why the Netflix show has more in common with the politically conservative decade that inspired it than we might think.
Warning: spoilers abound.
1) Nancy's love triangle.
Stranger Things has been applauded for its treatment of the love triangle between good girl Nancy (Natalia Dyer), creepy aspiring photographer Jonathan Byers (Charlie Heaton) and popular douchebag/professional Jean-Ralphio lookalike Steve Harrington (Joe Keery).
Although Nancy starts out dating (and losing her virginity to) Steve, over the course of the series a budding relationship between Nancy and Jonathan evolves. This is despite the fact that, at one point, Jonathan took photos of Nancy naked without her knowledge, a federal crime in most states that the show appears to view as a starry-eyed youthful indiscretion. While there's clearly some mutual attraction between the two, by the end of the series Nancy opts for the more popular and conventionally handsome Steve.
In an interview with Variety, show co-creator Matt Duffer said the decision to reunite Nancy and Steve was intentional: "It felt almost more real to us that she would wind up back with Steve, this heartthrob who she's had a crush on for a long time. It's surprising, but it felt more honest," he said. However, that Duffer doesn't explain is why Nancy's character arc needed to revolve around a love triangle to begin with.
Nancy Wheeler is not a weak character: She's kind to Jonathan when her friends bully him, surprisingly perceptive when she calls out the hypocrisy of her parents' marriage and pretty damn good at shooting a gun. There's no reason for who she does, or doesn't, end up with to be the defining feature of her character. Yet by teasing the "will they or won't they?" aspect of her relationship with Jonathan throughout the series, only to have her end up with an even shittier dude, that's exactly what Stranger Things does.
2) The slut-shaming of Carol and Tommy.
Ah, Carol and Tommy. Let's talk about Carol and Tommy for a second. Here's what we know about Carol and Tommy:
First, they've been sexing on one another since middle school, as Barb disdainfully says. Second, they like to partake in some occasional light slut-shaming, as their bullying of Nancy proves. And third, Tommy looks a little bit like a more well-fed Eddie Redmayne, which is to say he looks like a carrot bobbing in a glass of milk. And that's about it.
Considering how Nancy is almost immediately punished and slut-shamed for losing her virginity, the fact that the other two sexually active teenage characters are such assholes says an awful lot about how the show's creators feel about teenage premarital sex. Thanks, Stranger Things: teens who have sex are either sluts, or popular assholes. Got it.
3) The over-reliance on the tired "grieving mom" trope.
Joyce Byers, girl, I get why you so sad. I do. You're poor. Your ex-husband is a prick. Your older son is a weirdo. And your youngest son was abducted by a giant vagina-faced stick monster, and you can only communicate with him via Walmart Christmas lights and a janky DIY Ouija board. That's not good! Your life ain't great.
That said, literally 95% of the scenes you appear in consist of you chain-smoking and fluttering your hands while screaming "I just want my son back." Bitch, we know you want your goddamn son back. It's basically the defining trait of your character, well, that and your apparent allergy to under-eye concealer. Considering that you're considered one of the strongest female characters on the show, your lack of character development is somewhat problematic.
Joyce, do us a favor: Get a massage. Take a day off. Buy a Deepak Chopra book, and maybe a vibrator while you're at it, and learn a little bit more about who Joyce Byers really is. Because I don't think you know, Joyce. I don't think you know.
4) Eleven can kill the hell out of people...but she cares more about looking pretty for the boys instead.
Child actor Millie Brown has been applauded for her portrayal of the telekinetic child Eleven, and rightfully so: With her predilection for hoarding Eggo waffles, flipping vans, breaking people's GODDAMN NECKS WITH HER MIND and making schoolyard bullies piss in their pants, she's easily the most badass character of the series.
And yet, even Eleven has an Achilles heel: Despite her ability to save idiot 11-year-olds from falling off cliffs and her power to, once again, BREAK PEOPLE'S GODDAMN NECKS WITH HER GODDAMN MIND, all Eleven really wants to do is put on a powderpuff pink crinoline dress and look purdy for Mike.
Throughout the series, Eleven has an odd obsession with being "pretty." Part of this can be attributed to the fact that she's been living in a laboratory for years, thereby skipping the part of female adolescence that entails practicing kissing on your pillow and unwittingly having your first orgasm at horseback riding camp. But still! Considering she's on the run from the creepy Dr. Brenner, and considering, once again, that she has the power to BREAK PEOPLE'S GODDAMN NECKS WITH HER GODDAMN MIND, you'd think that her first priority wouldn't necessarily be donning a third-rate weave that would've given any contestant on RuPaul's Drag Race a heart attack. Just look at that thing. Even Jinkx Monsoon wouldn't be caught dead with that on her head.
5) Barb's death.
For whatever reason, the zaftig, freckled Barb (played by Shannon Purser) has emerged as one of the most memorable characters of the show, despite the fact that her screen time is limited to slut-shaming the popular kids and being bad at shotgunning a beer at Steve's house. Also, dying: Barb is dragged down to the Upside Down and slaughtered by the monster during the show's second episode, making her Stranger Things' first official casualty.
While the Duffer brothers themselves have expressed their remorse over having to kill off Barb in an interview with Variety, it makes sense why the character had to die. Aside from being a total bummer, the show needed to kill off one other cast member to prove just how dangerous the monster from the Upside Down really is. There's just one problem with Barb's death, though: Nobody really seems to give a fuck about her. Like, at all.
While the town remains consumed with chasing down Will Byers' murderer, no one, least of all Barb's mom, who places one concerned phone call to Nancy before being like "lol sayonara to that bitch anyway, Imma book a trip to Barbados and get my groove back like Stella," seems to care an iota for her well-being.
Even when it becomes apparent that the monster has killed Barb, when Eleven locates her body in the Upside Down, no one seems to care that much, with the possible exception of Nancy, who seems to be suffering from a minor form of post-traumatic stress disorder, but who cares now that cute lil' Will Byers is back!
The show's utterly flippant treatment of Barb and her death is a reflection of how little it seems to care about its female characters in general. In Hawkins, Indiana, women are of little value: They're either ignored, as Joyce is when she says the dead body at the morgue doesn't belong to that of her son, which is kind of a big deal in the dead-body-identification industry, slut-shamed, as Nancy is by the dreaded Carol and Tommy, or completely erased altogether.
Naughty Dog details the new trophies included in the final DLC for The Last of Us.
Down below, you can view a complete list of the new trophies. There are 20 trophies, 4 of which are hidden. For the most part, the level trophies require you not to die and get at least three downs on each map.
Wharf – Complete a match on Wharf without dying and getting at least 3 downs or executions (Silver)
Capitol – Complete a match on Capital without dying and getting at least 3 downs or executions (Silver)
Coal Mine – Complete a match on Coal Mine without dying and getting at least 3 downs or executions (Silver)
Water Tower – Complete a match on Water Tower without dying and getting at least 3 downs or executions (Silver)
Recovered Supply Raider – Complete a match of Supply Raid on Wharf, Capitol, Water Tower or Coal Mine (Bronze)
Recovered Survivalist – Complete a match of Survival on Wharf, Capitol, Water Tower or Coal Mine (Bronze)
Recovered Interrogation – Complete a match of Interrogation on Wharf, Capitol, Water Tower or Coal Mine (Bronze)
Bookstore – Complete a match on Bookstore without dying and getting at least 3 downs or executions (Silver)
Bus Depot – Complete a match on Bus Depot without dying and getting at least 3 downs or executions (Silver)
Home Town – Complete a match on Hometown without dying and getting at least 3 downs or executions (Silver)
Suburbs – Complete a match on Suburbs without dying and getting at least 3 downs or executions (Silver)
Forsaken Supply Raider – Complete a match of Supply Raid on Bookstore, Home Town, Suburbs or Bus Depot (Bronze)
Forsaken Survivalist – Complete a match of Survival on Bookstore, Home Town, Suburbs or Bus Depot (Bronze)
Forsaken Interrogation – Complete a match of Interrogation on Bookstore, Home Town, Suburbs or Bus Depot (Bronze)
Complete Grounded Mode – (Gold)
Complete Grounded Mode Plus – (Gold)
The list comes from Naughty Dogs' most recent live stream showing off the new Reclaimed Territores DLC. You can check out some of the brand-new gameplay the demonstrated by following this link.
Reclaimed Territories launches tomorrow.
A sickening beating and torture of a mentally disabled Illinois man was live-streamed on Facebook – with the assailants shouting anti-Donald Trump and racial obscenities during the attack.
Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson said at a news conference Wednesday four suspects are in custody. Formal charges have not been filed, and no determination was immediately made on whether the attack was racially motivated.
The victim was a high-risk missing person from the Chicago suburb of Crystal Lake, CBS News reported.
The video of the beating lasts about 30 minutes and shows the victim tied up and with his mouth taped shut, according to CNN, which posted a portion of the footage.
CBS News reported the filming shows the victim being punched and kicked, peppered with cigarette ashes, and cut on his forehead with a knife. Others in the video can be seen laughing and eating during the gruesome attack.
In the video, the assailants can be heard yelling "F— Donald Trump" and "F— white people," CNN reported.
The attack occurred Tuesday in an apartment on Chicago's West Side, CBS News reported.
ABC affiliate WLS reported it was believed the victim was held for 24 to 48 hours before being let go.
According to the Chicago Tribune, the victim was found wandering in shorts with another man. He was taken to a hospital, where he was treated and released, then reunited with his parents.
"It's sickening," Johnson told the Tribune. "It makes you wonder what would make individuals treat somebody like that. I've been a cop for 28 years and I've seen things that you shouldn't see. It still amazes me. . . . I'm not going to say it shocked me, but it was sickening."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
The Arizona Sun Devils will not go to the New Mexico Bowl this season because the date conflicts with the school's finals week, athletic director Scott Wolf said on Tuesday. The means the Sun Devils will be going to the Kraft Fight Hunger Bowl or the MAACO Las Vegas Bowl, according to arizonasports.com.
ASU played in the Las Vegas Bowl last season, and was beaten handily by the Boise State Broncos. BSU is headed to Vegas again this year, and it is unlikely that the bowl will select the Sun Devils for a re-match. The Washington Huskies are the more likely choice there.
Arizona's finals schedule ends on Dec. 13, so their exams would not interfere with the New Mexico Bowl Dec. 15. That makes them the Wildcats the logical choice to take on Nevada. That means the Sun Devils will, in all likelihood, be playing in the Kraft Fight Hunger Bowl on Dec. 29, where they would face Navy.
We've caught up with Faruk "pita" Pita, the new strategy advisor for NiP, and Wolf's coach Aleksandar "kassad" Trifunović for two quick interviews after the initial round of group stage.
Wolf were fighting an uphill battle with only a week of bootcamp with Aleksandar "kassad" Trifunović, and lost 7-16 on de_dust2 after winning both pistols. We've caught both of the teams' advisors to tell us what kind of role they have within the team and about the match itself.
You have just come off of a fairly one-sided win against Wolf, did you think they put up a solid fight compared to what you expected?
Faruk "pita" Pita: "They played really good actually, because looking from how they executed the rounds, it was more or less personal skill, so due to that they got both pistol rounds and two anti-ecos, so they stacked up four rounds against us. And that was pretty important, I have to give them credit."
We've just recently learned that you joined the team as a strategy advisor, how much time have you had with the team? What's your part in the team? Do you have a big say in the strategy, can you actually call in the middle of a round?
Faruk "pita" Pita: "Actually I can't call anything in the middle of the round in the group stage because I don't have any voice communication with the team. If we proceed from the group stage, we will be on stage, so then I can talk to the team directly, because then I will have voice communication. My role is to help Xizt as much as possible, I also suggest some rounds, what we need to do. Unfortunately they asked me when I was on vaction in Sarajevo, Bosnia, so I didn't have that much time that I thought we needed, but I had some pracc nights when I sat down and listened to them. I know how every player in the team plays and how the tactics go, so hopefully we can do something."
pita : "Actually I can't call anything in the middle of the round in the group stage because I don't have any voice communication with the team. If we proceed from the group stage, we will be on stage, so then I can talk to the team directly, cos then I will have voice communication. My role is to help Xizt as much as possible, I also suggest some rounds, what we need to do. Unfortunately they asked me when I was on vaction in Sarajevo, Bosnia, so I didn't have that much time that I thought we needed, but I had some pracc nights when I sat down and listened to them. I know how every player in the team plays and how the tactics go, so hopefully we can do something."
ESL One Cologne will be pita's first experience as an advisor
Your team has just finished the match against NiP, how do you think they played?
Aleksandar "kassad" Trifunović: "I'm satisfied, but I'm also not satisfied at the same time, becuase they played very brave and had so many close rounds that can go either way, just the lack of experience and lack of proper practice, like European practice, it just got to them in this match. Overall I'm happy because they showed a good fight, some good spirit and they were brave on the map."
You had some time with the team, do you think you got ready enough for the tournament?
Aleksandar "kassad" Trifunović: "Absolutely not, because I need like 3-4 months to get ready for the tournament to this magnitude, it's the biggest tournament in CS:GO, so you need lots of practice, not just seven days."
Now we don't know yet who your team is going to face next, because the Epsilon-HellRaisers match is not yet finished, but who do you think your team would rather face?
Aleksandar "kassad" Trifunović: "I would rather face HellRaisers, because I know them, I know how they play. They kinda had a problem when they played us, the underdog team, they like to underestimate teams. Maybe subconsciously, but they like to do it and you can exploit that in some situations. I'm not saying it's gonna be like this today but it possibly can be."
What do you actually do in the team? Do you have a say in what happens in between the rounds?
Aleksandar "kassad" Trifunović: "I do basically anything that is necessary. When it's needed I call the shots in the middle of the game, but I also let them do it by themselves, because they're in the game, they get a better feeling over there. But from time to time I step in and call the shots and just point them in the right direction during the rounds, about the counter setups or something like that."
HLTV.org will be conducting more of short interviews like these, so keep your tab open to keep up with the coverage.
As Ted Cruz prepares to make what could be his last stand against Republican front-runner Donald Trump in the Indiana presidential primary Tuesday, the Texas senator has hinged his hopes on a strategy of appealing to social conservatives by raising concerns over the use of women's bathrooms by transgender women. But while Indiana has been a flashpoint for controversies over LGBT rights in recent years, it does not appear Hoosier voters are being wooed by the conservative appeal.
Indiana was once widely thought to be a state Cruz could win. He has spent a significant amount of time campaigning there, and early polling showed him doing fairly well. When he and Ohio Gov. John Kasich made a pact last week to divvy up some states in the hope of stopping Trump, Kasich's campaign said it would cancel events in Indiana to focus on Oregon and New Mexico.
But that deal between Kasich and Cruz quickly faltered, and after Trump swept all five primaries last week, the New York real estate magnate rose in Indiana polling as more and more seemed to consider him a near-presumptive nominee. Many in the GOP establishment have levied criticism against Trump, in part due to their perception of his not being a true conservative. This is one of Cruz's most frequent areas of criticism against "the Donald," and he has attacked with vigor over issues such as Planned Parenthood and now transgender rights.
What may seem like a niche issue has become a national controversy in recent months. A growing number of states have introduced laws aimed at requiring people to use the bathroom of the gender listed on their birth certificate, which can present a problem for individuals who identify as a different gender. Cruz has spoken out about his support for these measures and has frequently mentioned the topic on the campaign trail in Indiana, suggesting accommodating transgender people would allow sexual predators to enter women's restrooms — a claim that many have pointed out has no evidence behind it.
Trump, on the other hand, has said bathroom laws like the ones North Carolina and other states have enacted are unnecessary. “There have been very few complaints the way it is. People go, they use the bathroom that they feel is appropriate. There has been so little trouble,” Trump said on NBC's “Today Show” last month.
This more relaxed attitude has led Cruz to attack Trump in Indiana using the argument about sexual predators. His campaign has run advertisements in Indiana linking Trump and Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton as “big government liberals” who “support letting transgender men go in little girls' bathrooms.”
Cruz has gotten even more creative with this idea while campaigning in Indiana as he's tried to appeal to religious voters.
“If Donald Trump dresses as Hillary Clinton, he still can't use the little girls' restroom,” Cruz said in South Bend, Indiana, the New York Times reported. “And I apologize for putting that image in your mind.”
But despite these tactics, voters in the Hoosier State don't seem to mind Trump's views. Recent polls have shown Trump leading Cruz by more than 15 points. A NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll released April 28 had Trump with 49 percent support among Indiana Republicans, while Cruz sat at 34 percent, and a Gravis Marketing poll from April 29 put Cruz even farther behind, with 27 percent to Trump's 44 percent support.
These findings should not be entirely surprising. While Indiana's state Legislature and governor have passed laws in recent years that LGBT advocates say are discriminatory, the voters themselves do not always hold the same views. After Indiana enacted a “religious freedom” law last year that allowed individuals and companies to refuse to provide services to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people based on their religious beliefs, the state faced intense criticism, and Gov. Mike Pence eventually signed an amendment aimed at providing some protections to LGBT people.
An Indianapolis Star poll from December 2015 found 54 percent of respondents said protecting civil rights of all individuals was more important than the religious freedom of people who object to serving LGBT people. The same poll also found that 56 percent of Indiana residents said there was “no conflict” between their religious beliefs and homosexuality. So while 25 percent said there was “a lot of conflict,” this is certainly not the majority of voters in the state.
On the issue of transgender bathroom access, 45 percent of Indiana residents said in December they agreed with Cruz that people should have to use the bathroom that corresponds with their birth certificate gender, the Indianapolis Star found in another poll. But 34 percent said transgender individuals should be allowed to use the bathroom that aligns with their current gender identity, and a significant 20 percent were undecided.
All this shows that highlighting a controversial discussion of transgender rights in Indiana is far from a sure bet to win Cruz voters in the state. Though the Texas senator has been telling Hoosiers that Trump is highly supportive of transgender bathroom rights, PolitiFact stated Cruz is distorting the GOP front-runner's comments. The website says he makes claims that go beyond what Trump has said, suggesting the latter would be fine with any man dressed as a woman using a women's bathroom.
It's unlikely that voters are scrutinizing the politicians' wording so closely ahead of Tuesday's primary, but even if they believe what Cruz is saying, they don't seem scared by his portrait of Trump as someone who supports civil rights for transgender individuals. With 57 delegates up for grabs in the Indiana Republican primary, Cruz is likely hoping he can convince some last-minute voters with these strongly worded appeals — or else the race may be over before the Republican National Convention this summer.
CQRS Journey
4 minutes to read
In this article
July 2012
Exploring CQRS and Event Sourcing
The project is focused on building highly scalable, highly available and maintainable applications with the Command & Query Responsibility Segregation and the Event Sourcing patterns.
The project was positioned as a learning journey. This guidance is designed to help you get started with the CQRS pattern and event sourcing. It is not intended to be the definitive guide to the CQRS pattern and event sourcing. Instead, it's a journal that describes the experiences of a development team with no prior CQRS proficiency in building, deploying (to Microsoft Azure), and maintaining a sample real-world complex enterprise system as a reference implementation (RI) to showcase various CQRS and ES concepts & techniques. The development team did not work in isolation; we actively sought input from industry experts and from a wider group of advisors to ensure that the guidance is both detailed and practical.
The CQRS pattern and event sourcing are not mere simplistic solutions to the problems associated with large-scale, distributed systems. By providing you with both a working application and written guidance, we expect you'll be well prepared to embark on your own CQRS journey.
This written guidance is itself split into three distinct sections that you can read independently: a description of the journey we took as we learned about CQRS, a collection of CQRS reference materials, and a collection of case studies that describe the experiences other teams have had with the CQRS pattern. The map below illustrates the relationship between the first two sections and our main milestones.
Authors and Contributors
This guide was produced by the following individuals:
Program and Product Management: Grigori Melnik (Microsoft Corporation)
Development: Julian Dominguez (Microsoft Corporation), Daniel Cazzulino and Fernando Simonazzi (Clarius Consulting)
Testing: Mani Subramanian (Microsoft Corporation), Hernan de Lahitte (Digit Factory), Rathi Velusamy (Infosys Technologies Ltd.)
Documentation: Dominic Betts (Content Master Ltd), Julian Dominguez, Grigori Melnik, and Mani Subramanian (Microsoft Corporation), and Fernando Simonazzi (Clarius Consulting)
Graphic design: Alexander Ustinov and Anton Rusecki (JetStyle)
Editing and production: RoAnn Corbisier and Nelly Delgado (Microsoft Corporation) and Nancy Michell (Content Master Ltd.).
We want to thank the DDD/CQRS community members who have accompanied us on this journey and patiently reviewed our early content and drafts. Suggestions, insights, critiques, challenges, and reviews by our advisory board members are appreciated. Among those, we would like to highlight the exceptional contributions of Greg Young, Kelly Sommers, Clemens Vasters, Glenn Block, Udi Dahan, Adam Dymitruk, Bruno Terkaly, Cesar De la Torre Llorente, Ricardo Villalobos, Christopher Bennage, Eugenio Pace, Josh Elster, Mark Seemann, Matias Woloski, Peter Ritchie, Bill Wilder, and Tim Shakarian.
Next Topic | Home | Community
140 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Matthew McConaughey would play the leading role in the adaptation of ‘The Dark Tower', the masterpiece of Stephen King …
In development for over 5 years and recently launched by Sony, the adaptation of The Dark Tower, the masterpiece of Stephen King, may have found its star …
According to exclusive information from The Wrap, Matthew McConaughey would woo the producer Brian Grazer and negotiations have already begun. If we could at first think of the actor (Oscar winner for Dallas Buyers Club) in the running to play Roland Deschain, it appears that ultimately McConaughey rather spend the dark side by playing the villain “man in black” Randall Flagg!
Described by Stephen King in person “Jupiter of the solar system [his] imagination,” The Dark Tower is a massive and complex work, long coveted by Hollywood but never realized. Tom Rothman, head of studio Sony wants to make a film and television franchise.
And this ambition initially through this film directed by Nikolaj Arcel and whose output is already scheduled for 2017.
Toho has released a very short and spoiler-free teaser for their upcoming giant monster movie Godzilla: Resurgence. The 30-second video simply shows people running through the streets from a found footage perspective, as though someone was filming something and suddenly chaos erupted. The teaser ends with the roar of Godzilla and two thunderous steps.
In addition to the teaser, a supposedly official poster for has been tweeted out by Japanese rock band Katokutai. The poster is basically three colors – red, white, and black – and shows the upper neck and head of the titular beast. I have to say I'm digging the rough and textured look but I can't get over the googly eye. The overlapping teeth, which remind me of an angler fish , look absolutely terrifying (I'd hate to see the kind of damage those chompers could do) but the eye absolutely kills it. Hopefully that isn't the final design and this is essentially a proof-of-concept. You can see the poster for yourself below.
Also below is a video from Katokutai, which shows the band performing in the middle of a city as though they are giants. They then use the buildings and surrounding structures as part of their performance. Seems somewhat fitting that the band to tweet out this poster also have a video like this.
Godzilla Resurgence is co-directed by Hideaki Anno (Evangelion), who also wrote the script, and Shinji Higuchi (Attack on Titan). Toho will be releasing the film on July 29th, 2016. It is their first production of Godzilla in over 12 years.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Image copyright Animals Asia Foundation Image caption Most bears at the centre, including this moon bear, were rescued from the bile trade
Vietnam has abandoned plans to close a bear sanctuary at the heart of a land dispute in one of its national parks.
Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung said the centre could stay to pursue plans to expand, and warned that any violations would be severely punished.
The sanctuary was told last year to move for "national security reasons".
But campaigners said plans to develop parkland lay behind moves to shut the centre, home to about 100 bears rescued mainly from the bile trade.
Animals Asia, the charity which runs the Vietnam Bear Rescue Centre in Tam Dao National Park, mounted a high-profile campaign to save the sanctuary, recruiting Ricky Gervais and other celebrities to its cause.
Tuan Bendixsen, the charity's Vietnam director, welcomed the government announcement.
"We thank the PM very much for his decision. We are really glad to be able to carry on our activities and responsibilities," he told BBC Vietnamese.
Animal rights campaigners have long attacked the bile farming industry as barbaric, and it is banned in Vietnam.
Digestive bile is forcibly extracted from the gall bladders of bears, to be sold on the black market for use in traditional medicine.
I mention this, because there is a certain amount of the clean-up now going on in the Gulf that can be done with waterjet lances, and some parts of the spill can be cleaned up with suction hoses. (And I have some experience with both, courtesy of helping in the development mentioned in the first paragraph). One of the classes that I have taught involved the use of pressure washers in a demonstration laboratory that supported the class lectures. So I thought I would take a moment to mention some of the things that need to be considered when using pressure wands and suction hoses.
One of the more innovative recent technical advances that you have likely never heard of is called Hydro-excavation . It combines the use of a water stream of the sort you find at a car wash (i.e. 2,000 psi water at about 2 gpm) with a vacuum hose attached to a vacuum truck. It turns out to combine into a new tool that is quite effective for disaggregating soil and removing it to leave a relatively dry cavity down to significant depth, quite fast. It has a lot of advantages if you are excavating in an area where there are fiber-optic cables and other underground conduits that might take unkindly to the use of a back-hoe, (including gas lines).
The first obvious, but neglected point, is that the operator rarely can judge exactly where the tip is relative to the surface being cleaned. This is actually quite critical because the average pressure wand comes with a fan tip on the end. The tips come with different angles of dispersion of the jet, and having photographed a fair number, most jets are about 5 degrees broader than the jet pattern stamped into the nozzle. The second point is the one that is usually missed, but which relates to the distance of the nozzle from the surface.
When the jet comes out of a fan jet nozzle, the shape of the nozzle forms the stream into a sheet that gets wider with distance. Because the volume of water coming out at one time doesn't change, the jet therefore gets thinner the further that it gets away from the jet.
Flash Picture of a fan jet
With a typical nozzle (usually called a tip) the sheet gets thin enough somewhere between 2 and 4 inches that the sheet perforates, and just as with a balloon when it pops, the material pulls back from the hole. In the case of the water sheet, this creates circles of larger droplets that continue to move forward. It is at this point that the jet is at its most effective, in many applications.
However, those droplets that are moving originally at about 550 ft/sec are moving into air that is relatively stationary. It breaks these large droplets up and decelerates them over the next couple of inches. As a result, the jet becomes virtually powerless within about 6-inches of the nozzle. (The distance varies with nozzle manufacturer, design flow rate and operating pressure – but that distance is typical). If you hold the nozzle further away from the target than that you are merely getting the surface wet, and not moving anything but surface dirt.
The problem that you, as an operator, have is that it is very difficult to judge that 6-inches. (Making it easy to “catch the student in error” at the beginning of the lab and reinforce the lesson). So the simple way to resolve the problem, is to touch the target surface before you start, position your feet accordingly, and then back the lance off a little and you are likely to be much more effective.
Having cleaned a wall of my house with an 18-ft extension lance to the normal pressure washer last week, I can also add that trying to maintain a 2-4 inch standoff while holding the lance above your head is an art that has to be learned.
OK, now the next problem is that most of the material being removed is going to be some form of hydrocarbon (oil. Oil emulsion or something similar). Some of these are quite sticky and hard to remove with just water pressure. In this case if the water is heated to about 185 deg F it will cut through and remove those coatings a lot more easily than at a lower temperature. You don't want to heat it all the way to steam, since that loses the pressure of the jet at the nozzle too quickly, but with hot water the range can be extended.
One other way to extend the range is to use a spinning round jet nozzle (sometimes called a 0 deg tip). There are a number of these on the market and the cone of the jet is created by rapidly spinning the cylindrical jet that comes out of the nozzle. Depending on the quality of the nozzle (and diameter and pressure) these can increase the jet range to a foot or more. If you work out the amount of energy and water required to clean a surface both our group and some folks in Germany have shown that using this rather than a fan-jet can drop the amount of energy and water that you use to clean that surface by up to 90%.
The final point I want to make deals with the use of suction hoses. These are now appearing more frequently in some of the locally made systems being fielded along the Gulf. While the same basic argument about the operator not knowing where the tip is, still applies, there is a different reason as to why this is important.
In most cases the object is to pull a relatively thin film of oil from the surface of the water. The ideal place to hold the end of the hose is just above the oil: water level (less than half-an-inch). The air drawn into the gap helps pull the surface layer into the hose, and you don't pull in a lot of water.
Unless you have really good control of your position (bearing in mind you are looking along the hose at the water) this is very hard to sense. If you push the hose into the water hardly at all then you pull in too much water and not that much oil.
If you tilt the hose then it tends to pull in a lot of air, and not a whole lot of water or oil.
The best way to control the position is to have the end of the hose attached to a piece of foam that will float and in this way the mouth of the nozzle can be placed where you want it. It is easier to do this if you bend the hose so that most of it is lying on the foam, and not pushing it into the water, but in this way, depending on the amount of oil, you can slide the nozzle up and down in the foam to get the best distance to recover the oil.
That half-inch distance is fairly critical for best performance, especially if you can keep just below it. (Yeah we actually did experiment where we adjusted it).
There are now whole books on this technology, and some safety recommendations on how to use some of the equipment, as the industry continues to grow. Hopefully this has been of some help. What one learns in one application can be quite usefully applied, often in others.
Flow recovery update from the Gulf:
Image by marie-ll
Guest Post by Michael Alex Wasylik from perpetualbeta.com.
A Persuasive Profession
When you think of people who know you to use words to persuade, you might think of salesmen, writers, lawyers, or politicians. Few people realize that good waiters (and of course, waitresses) also know how to use the power of words to influence the buying behavior of their customers. After all, the bigger the check and the happier the customer, the larger the tip. So take a look at some of the things this waiter did to juice up his persuasiveness and boost his bottom line.
Invocation of a Higher Power
Our waiter did not, of course, come out and try to convert us to any particular faith. But he did invoke a higher power than himself before rolling out the list of lunch specials. Remember the last time you heard about the daily specials? Odds are, it started something like this: “And today's specials are…”
Flat. Boring. Weak. Not working, unless the specials themselves are made to sounds tantalizing with vivid language. But our server did something different – he opened up with:
Our chef recommends…
See why that's different? These aren't just specials… these are entrées the chef himself would eat if he were at our table. Before he's even finished his sentence, he's opened us up psychologically to whatever follows – because what he's about to say doesn't come from him, but from an authority. And research shows, humans respond more frequently to requests from a figure of authority. Your readers will, too.
Everyone Else Is Doing It
So let's say you didn't want to get the special. Or were torn between two. If you asked this waiter for his suggestion, what's he likely to say? Another waiter might say, “The fried scallops are my favorite.” Again, weak. Who cares what the waiter thinks? My waiter would have said:
Everyone who orders the glazed grouper loves it.
Why is this better? It invokes the power of “social proof” – the deep-down human need to be part of the herd, to seek safety in numbers. After all, if “everyone” else liked it, odds are pretty good you'll like it too. Sold!
The Feel-Good Event of the Year
Everyone who's ever waited table or been waited on knows that the server will check on the table a couple of times to make sure everyone at the table has what they need. When they do, they'll often use the language of deprivation: “Can I get anything else for you?” In other words… what's missing? What did I forget?
A better approach, but still not the best one, is the server who comes up to you and says, “How is everything?” The hope is, of course, that you'll respond positively. But why hope? Why not just come right out and demand a positive response? Here's what our waiter asked:
So, gentlemen… is everything delicious?
Well, heck yes! Most people, unless specifically unhappy about some aspect of their meal, will answer that question with one word: “Yes!” There are two main reasons for this, and two main effects. First, the reasons.
We want to be liked and likable. Most of us don't like to go stirring up conflict. So was it delicious? If it's even close, we're prone to agree rather than disagree, and then have to explain why – that would be a huge hassle. (Especially if we ordered the “chef's recommendation!”) But also, if we picked the restaurant, and picked the menu item, and it was delicious, well, that makes us geniuses, right? We pick delicious food at outstanding restaurants with chefs who give the best recommendations. And our friend across the table can go out and say, “Hey, you should go to lunch with Mike! He picks the best lunch places.”
So we're inclined to agree that our meal was not just edible, not merely good, but delicious. And by extension, so are we. Now that we're geniuses of selecting lunch cuisine, what impact does that have on this waiter's bottom line?
When we get the check, and we're calculating the tip, we're more likely to tip 20% instead of just 15% because, hey, the meal was delicious. That's a 33% jump in pure profit.
And before we ask for the check, maybe we want to look over a dessert menu, because that cheesecake is almost certainly going to be even more delicious than the grouper. (Much to the chagrin of my waistline – cheesecake almost always beats out grouper in the “delicious” category.) So the total bill, the one we use to start calculating a tip, will be bigger as well. And that means the tip is bigger.
But there's one other important effect. We've committed ourselves, in public, and in front of our friends, that the meal was delicious. They probably did the same. And when we feel good about the dining experience, we're more likely to come back, and bring our friends. And our friends are more likely to do that, too. And for restaurants as well as most businesses, repeat customers are the best kind of customers to have… just like repeat vistors are the ones that will sustain your blog over time. Everyone prospers.
What's In the Doggy Bag?
“Well, Mike…” you're thinking “That's all great, but I'm not a waiter. How do I bring this home to my site?”
Simple. Next time you're trying to persuade your audience to do something – subscribe to your feed, download a report, even buy a product, try at least one of these three things:
1. Invoke the power of a higher authority to influence decisions. Get a testimonial from someone famous. Quote a rating from an industry watchdog. Earn and use the Better Business Bureau logo on your website. Partner with someone well-known in your niche. Or become the authority yourself: write a book, set a record, win a contest. Get creative and you'll see opportunities to invoke authority in every post.
2. Promote safety in numbers. What's your best-read article? Your most popular post? Your most-downloaded report? Get specific – offer numbers, names, references, or testimonials. If someone else likes what you do, then the next reader is more willing to take the chance on you.
3. Make your readers feel fantastic about their decision tospend their time with you. If you've provided legitimate value to your readers, they should feel fantastic. Gently remind them of this in your follow up: “Thanks for subscribing to my email feed! I hope you find every post as exciting as the one that madeyou subscribe.”
Our chef recommends that you try all three, and watch how they impact your bottom line.
About the Author
Michael Alex Wasylik is a Florida lawyer who first started blogging in 1999. He currently writes for the Florida Foreclosure Fraud weblog and his personal site, perpetualbeta.com – which he's sure you'll find absolutely delicious.
Alok Mukherjee, the head of the service board meant to serve as civilian oversight of Toronto police, is being condemned by a Toronto police union for a Facebook post invoking Eric Garner, ISIS, and Ebola.
Mukherjee reposted an image shared by an Occupy Wall Street Facebook page and this is what showed up on his page:
Take note of the “I can't breathe” Mukherjee added, in reference to the case of Eric Garner.
The Toronto Police Association is outraged at him, and put out a press release today calling for him to step down. They blast his “lack of objectivity” and claim the image macro implies cops are far more dangerous on the whole than terrorists:
His sharing of this poster is clearly unprofessional, clearly unethical and clearly seeks to undermine the very people he is paid to oversee… Mukherjee's obvious disdain for police, apparent lack of judgement and his personal agenda, discredits and compromises the integrity not only of the Board he chairs, but the Toronto Police Service itself.
In a statement obtained by CTV News Toronto, Mukherjee explained, “It was not intended to be a negative commentary in any way on members of our police service or on our practices. I am very proud of our approach to policing, our practice of continuously learning from our experience, our systems of accountability and the efforts we make to maintain positive relations without community.”
[image via CTV]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
A Mendota Heights motorist was charged with a felony Monday after an altercation in which he allegedly dragged a bicyclist alongside his car.
Alvin Lee Johnson, 64, is charged with one felony count of criminal damage to property and assault in the fifth degree, a misdemeanor.
According to the complaint, Johnson was driving July 19 in Mendota Heights when he passed three bicyclists on the road. One gave Johnson the middle finger. Johnson pulled his car over and waited for the bikers to ride past him.
As one sped by, he reminded Johnson that the driver needed to give bikes 3 feet of space and "lightly slapped" Johnson's arm, the complaint said.
Johnson responded by grabbing hold of the bicyclist and driving 30 to 40 feet, squealing his tires.
Because the bicyclist's shoes were clipped to his bike, he was dragged at a high speed against the pavement, which resulted in road rash and more than $1,000 in damages to his bike, the complaint said.
According to the complaint, when officers found Johnson, he admitted to grabbing the cyclist and "driving away for a short distance."
The victim is declining to speak about the incident.
Whether in the city or the suburbs, such an extreme conflict between a biker and a motorist is uncommon, said Dorian Grilley, executive director of the Bicycle Alliance of Minnesota.
"For the most part, motorists are quite respectful of bicyclists," he said.
The incident offers everyone a chance to brush up on state law — the same one that the alleged victim spoke of during the altercation, he said. That law, more than 30 years old and one of the first of its kind nationally, says motorists cannot pass bikes unless they're able to give them 3 feet of space. "I rarely get passed," Grilley said.
But there are rarely any tickets issued for cars that don't obey the law, he added.
"Anger can lead to some really terrible things, I think," he said.
A court date has not yet been set.
GENEVA — New fireworks erupted at talks between the Syrian government and the opposition here on Tuesday, as the government sharply criticized a recent decision by the United States Congress to approve continued support for the Syrian rebels, and the United Nations' top mediator decided not to continue talks in the afternoon.
The opposition delegation presented a detailed plan for the future of Syria, said Oubai Shahbandar, an adviser to the delegation. But after what Mr. Shahbandar called an “outburst” from the government's lead negotiator, Bashar al-Jaafari, no further discussion was held on forming a transitional government, the central issue in the talks under the protocols of the first Geneva conference, in 2012.
Syria's information minister, Omran al-Zoubi, played down the clash in the morning meeting, saying in an interview that the two sides had spent “10 minutes laughing” after Mr. Jaafari, the Syrian ambassador to the United Nations, joked that Al Jazeera, the Qatari-owned pan-Arab news channel that the government despises for its sympathetic stance on the insurgency, was “founded by Gandhi and Nelson Mandela.”
Mr. Zoubi said the American aid to the rebels, now with explicit congressional approval, contradicted the United States' role as a sponsor of the peace talks. Russia, the other sponsor, has supported the Syrian government with arms sales, but Syrian officials say that falls under legal bilateral relations and is not equivalent to the American funding.
Photo credit: LSUPD
​
Campus Police at Louisiana State University (LSU) in Baton Rouge say that they've arrested a man for pleasuring himself in public on University Property.
​
LSU is known for criminal activity in campus grounds, but law enforcement say they were disturbed by what 20-year-old Brendan Price did recently.
​
A woman claims that a shadowy figure was following her as she walked across the campus premises near the library; so she decided to head inside Middleton Library to seek safety.
​
Once she was inside she claims she heard footsteps behind her, and as she turned around there stood the barbaric Brendan Price coming closer.
​
Stunned, but thinking maybe there was a chance the man was simply heading in the same direction as her, she headed towards the coffee shop which sits inside of Middleton Library.
​
After taking a seat on the lounge furniture in the back of the coffee shop, she says she saw Price sit on a couch about ten feet away from her gazing at her as if she were dinner and he were starving.
​
The victim said she began feeling extremely uncomfortable and got up to walk away when the man then cornered her, whipping out his junk and publicly masturbating in front of her.
​
She then ran to a nearby Professor, telling him that she “was afraid something bad was going to happen” at which time he called law enforcement to the premises.
​
LSUPD then reviewed the security footage and witnessed the animal touching himself on tape and tracked him down to be detained.
​
Soon thereafter Brendan Price was placed under arrest and charged with stalking and indecent exposure.
​
Price is scheduled for a court date next week according to authorities.
​
Source:
http://www.wbrz.com/news/police-man-arrested-for-following-woman-fondling-himself-at-lsu-library
​
—<i>[email protected]</i>
<i>On Twitter:</i>
<a href="https://www.twitter.com/IWillRedPillYou">@IWillRedPillYou</a>
Tips? Info? Send me a message!
MARKHAM, ON—According to a spokesperson from Toronto General Hospital, local man Rick Woodall is in stable condition following an incident wherein he had to wait a full two minutes for his Wi-Fi router to reset. The part-time office assistant was rushed to the medical facility late last night with a near-fatal level of exposure to life without wireless internet access.
When reached for comment, Woodall called the ordeal the "scariest 120 seconds of [his] entire life."
"I was just sitting at my desk reading Wikipedia pages when I get an error message telling me to reset my router," recounted the 34-year-old. "So I quickly unplug and replug it, but next thing I know it's 30 seconds later and there's still no connection."
"That's when I started to feel dizzy."
"I managed to stay conscious long enough for the fourth light to turn green," he continued. "But I passed out before I could reload the webpage. That's the last thing I remember."
Attending physician James Tran confirmed that Woodall would have likely died had he been without Wi-Fi for even 30 seconds longer.
"The human brain can only survive two to three minutes tops without immediate internet access," Tran said. "Any longer and the boredom simply overwhelms the central nervous system and triggers total organ failure."
According to Tran, nearly 9000 Canadians die every year due to Wi-Fi connectivity issues; a group which Woodall would have joined if not for his girlfriend Sarah being in the immediate vicinity.
"Frankly, he's lucky his girlfriend had her cellular data turned off," he added. "Otherwise she'd have kept watching puppy videos on her phone instead of checking on the router and saving his life."
Doctors expect Woodall to make a full physical recovery, but foresee a long and strenuous mental rehabilitation.
"Rick's brain and circulatory system are undamaged," said Toronto General chief of staff Peter Thompson. "But the psychological trauma may never leave him."
"We can't overstate the severity of Mr. Woodall's injury," Thompson continued. "He was forced to live for two whole minutes without the ability to immediately download and stream things on his computer. Like some kind of animal or regular person from 20 years ago."
"I don't see how he can ever be the same," he concluded.
Don't miss anything from CBC Comedy - like us on Facebook.
Arima, S. (有馬純臣). (1904). Jūdō Tai'i (柔道大意) [A synopsis of jūdō]. Tōkyō: Okasaki Oku-shoten (岡崎屋書店) [in Japanese].
Arima, S. (1906). Jūdō. Japanese physical culture. Being a further exposition of jujitsu and similar arts. Tōkyō: Mitsumura & Co., Ltd.
Boussinesq, J. V. (1872). Théorie des ondes et des remous qui se propagent le long d'un canal rectangulaire horizontal, en communiquant au liquide contenu dans ce canal des vitesses sensiblement pareilles de la surface au fond [Theory of waves and eddies that propagate along a horizontal rectangular channel by communicating with the fluid contained in that channel at notably similar velocities from surface to the deep]. Journal de Mathématiques Pures et Appliquées, Deuxième Série 17, 55–108 [In French].
Bradt, H. (2001). Series approximations integration (line integrals, double and triple integrals, integrating vector dot products, closed and open lines and surfaces). Physics 8.02: Mathematics supplement for 18.01 Graduates. Cambridge, MA: Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Department of Physics.
Chen, J., & Chen, Th. (2002). Tokio Hirano (1922-1993) 8th Dan. The man who revolutionized judo. [retrieved July 24th, 2011]. Available from http://judoinfo.com/hirano.htm
Clause, M. (2003). Clinic. Demonstration. [Video clip] [retrieved July 24th, 2011]. Available from: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEYLQKEEwN8 [in French].
Dean, R. G., & Dalrymple, R. A. (1991). Water wave mechanics for engineers and scientists. Advanced Series on Ocean Engineering 2. Singapore: World Scientific.
De Crée, C. (2014). Ryū-setsu. Jūdō no musha shugyō (柳雪、柔道の武者修行) ―As snow on a willow. A pilgrimage in jūdō. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. In preparation.
De Crée, C. (2012). The Origin, essence, biomechanical foundations, and teaching and performance challenges of Itsutsu-no-kata [The Forms of Five] ―Kōdōkan jūdō's esoteric sixth kata. Thesis MSc in Teaching and Coaching Judo, School of Medicine and Surgery, University of Rome “Tor Vergata”.
De Crée, C., & Edmonds, D. A. (2012). A technical-pedagogical reflection on the conceptual and biomechanical properties of Kōdōkan jūdō's ‘ko-uchi-gari' [minor inner reaping throw]. Comprehensive Psychology, 1(1), 1-13.
De Crée, C., & Jones, L. C. (2009). Kōdōkan jūdō's elusive tenth kata: The Gō-no-kata — Forms of proper use of force (Part 1-3). Archives of Budo, 5(1), OF55-95.
Geels, A. (1979). Judo: het ne waza van "Opa Schutte [Judo: the newaza of “Opa Schutte”]. Helsingborg, Sweden: Plus Ultra [in Dutch].
Hirano, T. (1966). Judo is beweging [8 mm film]. 12th International Summer School, Kasteel Well, Well, Limburg, the Netherlands. [retrieved April 13th, 2008]. Available from http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6Kd570Gfzc
Hirano, T. (平野時男). [1969] (1972a). Jūdō sekai nage aru ki (柔道世界投げ歩る記) [Chronicle of walking around throwing through the world of jūdō]. Tōkyō: Tōbu shobō (東部書房) [in Japanese].
Hirano, T. (平野時男). [1969] (1972b). Hirano jūdō no “jizen tsukuri” to kata (平野柔道の「事前作り」と形) [The make-up of Hirano's jūdō and kata]: Hirano shiki “kata” no iroiro (平野式 “形” のいろいろ) [Various about expressing Hirano in kata]. In: Jūdō sekai nage aru ki (柔道世界投げ歩る記) [Chronicle of walking around throwing through the world of jūdō] (pp. 219-230). Tōkyō: Tōbu shobō (東部書房) [in Japanese].
Hirano, T. (平野時男). (1985a). Honō no jūdō: kyōsha e no michi (炎の柔道強者への道) [Jūdō of fire: the way of an exceptional man]. Tōkyō: Tōkyō Masahiro Insatsu Kabushiki Kaisha (東京真宏印刷株式会社) [Tōkyō Masahiro Printing Corporation] [in Japanese].
Hirano, T. (1985b). Nanatsu-no-kata [videoclip]. Hirano Tokio, 8th dan (tori) & Unknown uke. France. [retrieved February 13th, 2010]. Available from http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhh4xLxoynw
Hirano, T. (1986). Nanatsu-no-kata [videoclip]. Hirano Tokio, 8th dan (tori) & Unknown uke. France. [retrieved February 16th, 2010]. Available from http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwyZxbsZqV4
Hirano, T. (no date [a]). Judo. Technique N° 1 (a). Bruges, Belgium: Judo Centrum [Bilingual French/Dutch].
Hirano, T. (no date [b]). Judo. Tai-otoshi. Deurne-Antwerp: P.V.B.A. “Lucky” [Quadrilingual English/French/German/Dutch].
Holthuijsen, L. H. (2007). Waves in oceanic and coastal waters. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Ikai, M., & Matsumoto, Y. (1958). The kinetics of judo. In, Bulletin of the Association for the Scientific Studies on Judo – Report I (pp. 49-61). Tōkyō: Kōdōkan.
Imamura, R. T., Hreljac, A., Escamilla, R. F., & Edwards, W. B. (2006). A three-dimensional analysis of the center of mass for three different judo throwing techniques. Journal of Sports Science and Medicine, 5(CSSI), 122-131.
Imamura, R. T., Iteya, M., & Ishii, T. (2007). Kuzushi and tsukuri and the theory of reaction resistance. In, Bulletin of the Association for the Scientific Studies on Judo – Report XI (pp. 49-57). Tōkyō: Kōdōkan.
Janssen, P. (2004). The interaction of ocean waves and wind. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Kanō, C. (2011). Nanatsu no kata. [retrieved September 29th, 2011]. Available from http://judoforum.com/index.php?/topic/45563-nanatsu-no-kata-tokio-hirano/
Kanō, J. (嘉納治五郎). (1931). Jūdō kyōhon jōkan (柔道教範 上潘) [A textbook of jūdō]. Tōkyō: Shushiki Kaisha [in Japanese].
Kanō, J. (1932). The contribution of judo to education. Journal of Health and Physical Education, 3, 37-40 & 58.
Kanō, J. (2006). Mind over Muscle: Writings from the Founder of Judo. Murata Naoki, editor & Ross Nancy H., translator. Tōkyō: Kōdansha International.
Kanō-sensei Denki Hensankai (嘉納先生伝記編纂会) [Editorial Committee for the Biography of Kanō-sensei] (Eds.). (1984). Kanō Jigorō (嘉納治五郎). Tōkyō: Kōdōkan [in Japanese].
Kōdōkan (Eds.). (1986). Illustrated Kodokan Judo. Tōkyō: Kōdansha.
Kudō, K. (工藤一三). (1967). Dynamic judo: Throwing techniques. Tōkyō: Japan Publications.
Lamb, H. (1994). Hydrodynamics (6th ed.). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Maruyama, S. (丸山三造). (1939). Dai Nihon jūdō shi (大日本柔道史) [Complete History of Japanese Judo]. Tōkyō: Kōdōkan (講道館) [in Japanese].
Matsumoto, Y., Takeuchi, Y., Nakamura, R., Tezuka, M., & Takahashi, K. (1978). Analysis of the kuzushi in the nage-waza. In Bulletin of the Association for the Scientific Studies on Judo – Report V. (pp. 31-39). Tōkyō: Kōdōkan.
Mifune, K. (1956). Canon of judo. K. Sugai, transl. Tokyo, Japan: Seibundō Shinkōsha Publishing Co.
Mifune, K. (三船久蔵). [1955] (2005). Shingi Mifune Jūdan [kanzenhan]: Jūdō no shinzui (神技 三船十段 『完全版』 柔道の真髄) [Mifune 10th dan [complete edition]: The essence of jūdō]. [DVD] Nihon Eiga Shinsha (日本映画新社), 1955. Tōkyō: Quest Co., Ltd.; DVD SPD-3514 [in Japanese].
Mifune, K. (三船久蔵), Kudō, K. (工藤一三), & Matsumoto, Y. (松本芳三), (Eds.). (1955-56). Jūdō Kōza (柔道講座) [Course of jūdō]. Vol. 1-5. Tōkyō: Shiromizu-sha (白水社) [in Japanese].
Miles, J. W. (1957). On the generation of surface waves by shear flows. Journal of Fluid Mechanics, 3(2), 185–204.
Munk, W. H. (1950). Origin and generation of waves (pp. 1-4). Proceedings 1st International Conference on Coastal Engineering, Long Beach, CA: ASCE.
Oimatsu, S. (老松信一). (1976). Kaitei shinpan jūdō hyakunen (改訂新版柔道百年) [Brand new revised edition of Hundred Years of Jūdō] (pp. 40-53). K. Satō (Ed.). Tōkyō: Tokimune Tsūshinsha (時事通信社) [in Japanese].
Okada, H. (岡田弘隆). (2008). Jissai no shiai ni okeru no kuzure ni kansuru kenkyū — Kanō Jigorō hata Kokusai Taikai ni okeru ō-soto-gari (w)o taishō ni. (実際の試合に おける受の崩れに関する研究 —嘉納治五郎杯国際柔道大会における大外刈を 対象に—) [Study of breaking the opponent's balance in ō-soto-gari during the Jigorō Kanō Cup 2005]. Tsukuba Daigaku Taiku Kagaku Kei Kiyō (筑波大学体育科学系紀要) [Bulletin of the Institute of Health & Sports Science, University of Tsukuba], 31, 171-174 [in Japanese].
Okano, I. (岡野功). (no date). Okano Isao no vaitaru jūdō. Watakushi no tokui-waza – Dai ikkan & Dai ni-kan (岡野功のヴァイタル柔道。私の得意技 – 弟1巻 & 弟2巻) [Okano Isao's Vital Judo. My preferred techniques – Vol. 1 & 2]. [VHS Videotapes]. Self-published [in Japanese]
Okano, I., & Satō, T. (1973). Vital judo: Throwing techniques. Tōkyō: Japan Publications.
Peregrine, D. H. (1972). Equations for water waves and the approximations behind them. In R.E. Meyer (Ed.), Waves on Beaches and Resulting Sediment Transport (pp. 95-121). New York: Academic Press.
Phillips, O. M. (1957). On the generation of waves by turbulent wind. Journal of Fluid Mechanics, 2(5), 417-445.
Phillips, O. M. (1977). The dynamics of the upper ocean (2nd ed.) Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Reynolds, O. (1877). On the rate of progression of groups of waves and the rate at which energy is transmitted by waves. Nature, 16d, 343-344.
Sacripanti, A. (1987). Biomechanical classification of judo throwing techniques (Nage Waza) (pp. 181-194). 5th International Symposium of Biomechanics in Sport, Greece: Athens. [retrieved September 4th, 2012]. Available from http://cdsweb.cern.ch/record/1111755
Sacripanti, A. (2010a). Advances in judo biomechanics research. Modern evolution on ancient roots. Saarbrücken, Germany: VDM Verlag Dr. Müller Aktiengesellschaft & Co. KG.
Sacripanti, A. (2010b). Biomechanics of kuzushi-tsukuri and interaction in competition (A new global didactic Judo vision). Paper presented at SPASS International Conference, September 5-9th, 2010, Lignano Sabbiadoro, Italy, (p.p. 1-125) [retrieved September 4th, 2012]. Available from http://arxiv.org/abs/1010.2658
Sacripanti, A. (2010c). Chapter 3 – Theory advanced judo principles: Rotational unbalance: static and dynamic (Tai Sabaki). In Advances in judo biomechanics research. Modern evolution on ancient roots (pp. 63). Saarbrücken, Germany: VDM Verlag Dr. Müller Aktiengesellschaft & Co. KG.
Sacripanti, A. (2012a). La revisione biomeccanica dei fondamenti del jūdō Kōdōkan del Dr. Jigorō Kanō [A biomechanical reassessment of the scientific foundations of Jigorō Kanō's Kōdōkan jūdō]. Medicina dello Sport, 65(2), 265-281 [In Italian].
Sacripanti, A. (2012b). A biomechanical reassessment of the scientific foundations of Jigorō Kanō's Kōdōkan jūdō (pp. 1-46). Cornell University Library; arXiv:1206.1135v2.pdf; June 6th, 2012b [retrieved September 4th, 2012]. Available from http://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.1135
Sannohe, N. (三戸範之) (1986). Jūdō ni okeru zen hōkō no kuzushi ni kansuru seitai rikigaku-teki kenkyū ichi kuzushi no ninchi ni tsuite (柔道における前方向の崩しに 関する生体力学的研究一崩しの認知について) [Biomechanical study of forward kuzushi in judo – cognition of forward kuzushi]. Daigaku shūshi ronbun (大学修士論文) (Unpublished MSc Thesis). Tsukuba Daigaku (筑波大学) [University of Tsukuba], Japan: Tsukuba City (筑波市), Ibaraki-Ken (茨城県) [Ibaraki Prefecture].
Sasaki, K. (1907). Djudo. A Japán dzsiu-dzsicu töké-letesitett módszere [The Japanese jūjutsu skills method]. Budapest: editor unknown [In Hungarian].
Shishida, F. (志々田文明). (1994). Budōka Fukushima Seizaburō to Ishihara Kanji (武道家福島清三郎と石原莞爾) [Budō instructor Seizaburō Fukushima and Kanji Ishihara]. Waseda Studies in Human Sciences, 7(1), 129-141 [in Japanese].
Soave, S., & Goetz, M. (2007). Nanatsu-no-kata (Kata der Meereswogen) oder auch Hirano-no-kata [Forms of Seven (Forms of Water Waves) or also Forms by Hirano]. Written synopsis attributed to Hirano Tokio. Technical course with Sylvia Soave and Michael Goetz, Zürich (Schwammendingen), Switzerland: Dojo der “Weissen Löwen” [in German].
Tegelaar, R. (2012a). Het judoleven van Tokio Hirano [The judo life of Hirano Tokio]. Amsterdam: Uitgeverij Pêche Melba [in Dutch].
Tegelaar, R. (2012b). Hirano-kata (Handō no kata) [video clip]. Tegelaar Rinus, 6th dan (tori) & Riegman M., Renshū Dōjō, Haren, The Netherlands June 3rd, 2012b. [retrieved June 20th, 2012]. Available from http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVZtHCHXAGI
Tezuka, M., Funk, S., Purcell, M., & Adrian, M. (1983). Kinetic Analysis of judo technique. In H. Matsui & K. Kobayashi (Eds.), Biomechanics, VIII-B (pp. 869-875). Champaign, IL: Human Kinetics.
Trilles, F., Blais, L., & Cadière, R. (2010). Facteurs biomécaniques de performance [Biomechanical factors of performance]. In T. Paillard (Ed.), Optimisation de la performance sportive en judo (pp. 143-156). Brussels: Éditions De Boeck Université, Groupe De Boeck s.a. [in French].
Uchida, R. (内田良平). (1903). Jūdō (柔道). Tōkyō: Kokuryūkai Shuppan (黑龍會出版) [Black Dragon Society Publishing] [in Japanese].
van Gasse, E. (2012). Tokio Hirano: judo is beweging. [retrieved September 9th, 2012]. Available from http://users.skynet.be/fb327964/files/tokio_hirano_verdana.pdf
Yokoyama, S., & Ōshima, E. (1911). JŪDŌ. Manuel de jiu-jitsu de l'école de Kano à Tokio. Yves Le Prieur, transl. Paris & Nancy, France: Berger-Levrault Éditeurs [in French]
Yokoyama, S. (横山作次郎), & Ōshima, E. (大島英助). (1915). Jūdō kyōhan (柔道教範) [Learning text of jūdō]. Tōkyō: Nimatsudō Shoten (二松堂書店) [in Japanese]
Young, I. R. (1999). Wind generated ocean wave – Volume 2. Oxford: Elsevier Ocean Engineering Science.
Anthony Scaramucci has long been one of President Trump's biggest cheerleaders on Wall Street.
Now he may finally get a position in the Trump White House, as communications director.
Little in Mr. Scaramucci's background directly relates to communications: He is a former Goldman Sachs executive who went on to create SkyBridge, a fund of hedge funds that holds stakes in investment giants like Elliott Management and Third Point.
But his expected appointment, reported earlier by Axios, would make sense in other, perhaps more Trumpian ways:
• He has a direct line to the president.
• He's close to Mr. Trump's eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., and is respected by Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner.
• He was a major fund-raiser for the Trump campaign.
• He has been a staunch defender of Mr. Trump on the president's preferred medium, Twitter.
Via Greg Hunter's USA Watchdog blog,
Best-selling author Edward Klein's latest best-selling book is called “All Out War: The Plot to Destroy Trump.”
Klein reveals that this plot started in the Obama White House just weeks after Donald Trump won the 2016 election. Klein explains,
“Susan Rice was invited to come to a dinner party and give the President (Obama) a plan, and her plan was to unmask the names of Donald Trump associates who had been inadvertently picked up by electronic intercepts by the National Security Agency (NSA). The names of these Americans were supposed to remain confidential. She (Susan Rice) suggested they would be unmasked, meaning they would become public, and they would be distributed widely throughout the intelligence community. Inevitably, therefore, she admitted those names would be leaked to the mainstream media (MSM), and the story would begin that there was collusion between Donald Trump and the Russians. This, of course, was always a fairytale because we have had an investigation going on for more than a year and a half, and no one has come up with a scintilla of evidence to prove that... She (Susan Rice) wasn't doing anything illegal, but clearly she was doing something unethical, to put it mildly, because President Obama and his national security advisor were using the intelligence community as a weapon against their political enemy Donald Trump.”
So, will anyone be investigated? Klein says,
“I honestly don't believe that there is going to be an investigation of Barack Obama, the former President. I do think, however . . . that there is a lot of pressure on Jeff Sessions to investigate Hillary Clinton and her connections with the Russians in commissioning that famous, or infamous, “Russian Dossier” that we all know about that accused Donald Trump of all kinds of sexual misconduct and collusion with the Russians, almost all of which has been disproved as disinformation from the Russians. We do know that she (Hillary Clinton) actually authorized the purchase of this dossier and used campaign funds to pay her law firm to actually launder that money and use it to buy this dossier. That's against the law because you are supposed to acknowledge and say what your campaign funds are used for, and they are supposed to be used only for the campaign.”
Another big bomb Klein drops in his new book “All Out War” is his publishing of FBI documents warning of violence coming from Antifa and other left-wing groups, which Democrats support. Klein says,
“In the FBI report that I have reproduced in full in my book, it says that these violent left wing groups traveled to Europe, met with representatives of al-Qaida and the Islamic State, or ISIS. They also went to Syria and got bomb making instructions and toxic chemical instructions. The FBI has followed these people and continue to follow these people now that they are back in America, and (the FBI) believes that when the 2018 mid-term elections come, things are going to get hotter and hotter in this country politically and that these groups are going to become more and more violent. The FBI has said in this document, I have in this new book, that these left-wing groups, like Antifa, represent the greatest threat to law enforcement since the 1970's and the Weather Underground.”
Full interview below
John McCallum, Canada's Immigration Minister met with stakeholders in Calgary on Friday on the second Alberta stop on his tour to learn about immigration issues facing the country.
McCallum spoke with the media at the Harry Hays building on Friday morning and announced that there has been overwhelming support for more immigrants to enter Canada from everyone he's spoken to so far.
“I was interested to hold these in Alberta because, as you know, Alberta's economy is not in the greatest shape. So I was interested to hear what people's attitudes would be towards immigration. I can tell you in this group this morning and also in Edmonton, there's a strong consensus that they are in favour of more immigrants, not fewer immigrants.”
The federal government says that Canada's aging population is creating a gap in the workforce and immigration is the key to growing the labour force.
Immigration will also be important for Canada when the economy rebounds and businesses are looking for workers to fill empty positions.
Nevertheless, the government does have a challenge because many immigrants don't want to live in rural areas of Canada where their help is needed in the agriculture and manufacturing sectors.
McCallum said that Ottawa will do what it can, but businesses must step up to provide supports and incentives for immigrants to come to Canada and make a home in the communities where they are needed.
He told the media on Friday that of the hundreds of people he's spoken to about the immigration issue, only two people have shared thoughts of a strong opposition.
In November, the government will set how many immigrants will be allowed into the country next year.
Ottawa is also working on a three year schedule to determine how many will be allowed into Calgary over a three year period.
DIY Ocean Toy Soap – an easy glitter soap recipe with ocean toys that kids can help create.
Keeping the kids busy over spring break is always a bit of a challenge. This year instead of a mini vacation we spent most of our days sleeping in, making forts, and trying new recipes. It was pure bliss! Every once in awhile I heard the dreaded “mom, I'm bored” and that was my cue to think of a fun activity for them. This ocean toy soap is one of many creations from spring break. The kids had fun helping to make this glitter soap with miniature sea creatures inside.
When my daughter was a toddler she was in love with sea creatures and the ocean. I even shared our love for ocean themed crafts a few years ago. So when I suggested we make ocean soap she was thrilled! This is a fun project for kids and you can customize it with any small toy. We added lemon essential oil to give our soap a citrus scent, but you can add any essential oil you like. I've included Amazon affiliate links to where you can find everything we used.
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
MY LATEST VIDEOS
Supplies:
Clear Glycerin Soap
Soap Dye or Blue Mica Powder
Toy Sea Animals (similar)
Lemon Essential Oil
glitter
PYREX 4-cup Measuring Cup
Silicone Mold
Step one: cube 2 pounds of melt and pour glycerin soap. Use a 4 cup pyrex glass cup to melt over a double boiler.
Step two: place toys upside down in mold; sprinkle glitter.
Step three: Stir in essential oil and soap dye. If using a liquid soap colorant you only need 3-5 drops. If you're using mica powder you only need a tiny scoop, maybe a quarter teaspoon at most (I suggest an adult helps with this step to avoid a mess with the powder and having it possibly float in the air). Stir until colorant is mixed well. Pour melted soap into mold and allow soap to set for a few hours before removing.
More activities for kids:
Glow-in-the-dark slime
Mystery Braid Bracelet
Glitter Tube Bracelets
Last June, Videogamer reported that Microsoft's next home console would be revealed during E3 2012, and that Crytek was already using the hardware to develop TimeSplitters 4 as one of its launch titles; a rumor Crytek quickly denied. Earlier this month, Kotaku reported that the operating code name for the new console is Durango. Today, a now-pulled Tweet from Crytek senior technical artist Sean Tracy seemingly connects these two reports, saying, "Enjoying the Durango developers summit in London. So far, great swag and interesting talks."
Tracy had earlier Tweeted that he was "seeing some CryEngine licensee videos," which will go public "later next week." We've contacted Microsoft for a comment on Tracy's reports, and will keep our ear to the ground for any more hubbub coming from this supposed conference.
Update: Microsoft responded to our queries, and said, "As an innovator we're always thinking about what is next and how we can push the boundaries of technology like we did with Kinect. We believe the key to extending the lifespan of a console is not just about the console hardware, but about the games and entertainment experiences being delivered to consumers. Beyond that we don't comment on rumors or speculation."
Thanks, Timan!
BU adopts biased program that asks Jewish students to empathize with terrorists into its School of Education.
An anti-Israel education program that has made the rounds across high schools in the United States has now been fully incorporated into Boston University's curriculum.
According to Americans for Peace and Tolerance (APT), a workshop by the founder of the Axis of Hope organization, "Whose Jerusalem," has found a permanent home at The Global Literacy Institute at BU's School of Education.
"Whose Jerusalem" focuses on the Arab-Israeli conflict, and, according to APT President Charles Jacobs, it portrays "a highly inaccurate account of history," while simultaneously trying to "indoctrinate students against the state of Israel."
Describing the program during an interview with Al Jazeera TV, creator Carl Hobart defined the workshop as "educational, civil disobedience where students are...putting pressure on our government to create a Palestinian state."
A BU professor, Hobart uses simulated negotiation exercises to argue the root cause of the conflict boils down to miscommunication, which could be resolved by rational discussion between "morally equivalent parties."
The workshop whitewashes Hamas' terrorism and treats the group as an equivalent to Israel's ruling Likud party. Jewish students are even singled out to play members of Hamas - an organization that calls for the genocide of the Jewish people.
Dr. Sandra Alfonsi, Chair of Hadassah's “Curriculum Watch,” said, “Axis of Hope is a pedagogically flawed program by a self-styled guru of Educational Civil Disobedience promoting anti-Israel propaganda to well-meaning students who want to bring peace to the world.”
Nintendo has shared that they are “looking” at virtual reality, suggesting that the company is actively maintaining interest in emerging devices.
That doesn't necessary indicate that virtual reality will be a key aspect with their new “dedicated game platform,” the Nintendo NX. But, it could mean that it may support virtual reality devices, as Microsoft have done with Xbox One and Oculus Rift.
Kantan Games CEO Dr. Serkan Toto, who recently suggested that Super Smash Bros. would accompany the Nintendo NX launch, was at Nintendo's investor briefing where the company discussed their third-quarter financial results.
They confirmed that their smart device plans remain unchanged, which will see Miitomo and My Nintendo roll out in March.
So Nintendo (at the briefing) just said no change in plans for the smartphone app roll out. Says they "are looking" at VR – with no details. — Dr. Serkan Toto (@serkantoto) February 2, 2016
MIT researchers have created an origami-like solar structure that is much more efficient than current flat panels.
The three-dimensional solar structure could, at least in principle, absorb a lot more light and generate more power than a flat panel containing the same area footprint. The hope is that all unused light which has been reflected off one panel would be captured by other panels. Panels of this type would be most ideal in circumstances with limited space.
"This was a fully 'bio-inspired' idea," said researcher Jeffrey Grossman, a theoretical physicist at MIT. "I was hiking up at Lake Tahoe in California and noticing the shapes of trees, and wondering, 'Why do they have I given shape over another?'"
Research into photovoltaic panels has largely kept them flat to prevent any sort of shadow effect. Shadowing could heavily diminish the amount of light panels harvest. In addition, 2-D panels are easier to install on rooftops, and they are also better suited for large-scale fabrication techniques.
Scientists used a "genetic algorithm" to evolve solar panels in a computer simulation thus determining the optimal 3-D shape for harvesting the largest amount of light. It created random combinations of flat, triangular, double-sided panels and then analyzed them in response to the sun's movement across the sky. The best ones were then "mated" to create "offspring." The process was repeated for millions of generations to see what might evolve.
With a 1,000 square-foot area, flat solar panels generate about 50 kilowatt hours daily. In comparison, the newly discovered 3-D structure researchers came up with could harvest more than 60 kilowatt hours each day with a structure about 6 feet high. A structure 33 feet high could harvest 120 kilowatt hours daily.
This is not the first time we've seen 3-D solar, but the first time it's been this big. Previous research has explored 3-D solar but on a nano-based level.
"I originally thought that such structures would only be useful in situations where area is at a premium — for example, rooftops," Grossman said. "Lately, though, we have been exploring more and more directions for ideas that may make 3-D structures more appealing than flat panels, even when area is not limited."
Of course, these jagged clusters would be a bit unwieldy to use so the scientists created a simplified structure that generates about the same amount of energy.
One huge advantage of 3-D solar panels is that they require no moving parts. The panels generate an even flow of power throughout the day. In order to achieve this with flat panels they must be arranged on a system that tracks the movement of the sun, "which is a big bummer, since you really don't want any moving parts sitting on your rooftop," Grossman said. "Anything that moves can break easily with time and needs more maintenance."
"I'm excited about the fact that such a seemingly simple idea could help lower the cost of solar power," Grossman added. The researchers are now teaming up with experimentalists to build prototypes of their computer-generated designs.
Source: Live Science
Like this article? Follow Jerry James Stone on Twitter or friend him on Facebook.
MIT researchers create super efficient 'origami' solar panels
MIT researchers have created a three-dimensional solar panel could, at least in principle, absorb a lot more light and generate much more power than a flat pane
AURORA, Colo. (Dec. 6, 2013) Researchers at University of Colorado School of Medicine may have figured out what causes Meniere's disease and how to attack it. According to Carol Foster, MD, from the department of otolaryngology and Robert Breeze, MD, a neurosurgeon, there is a strong association between Meniere's disease and conditions involving temporary low blood flow in the brain such as migraine headaches.
Meniere's affects approximately 3 to 5 million people in the United States. It is a disabling disorder resulting in repeated violent attacks of dizziness, ringing in the ear and hearing loss that can last for hours and can ultimately cause permanent deafness in the affected ear. Up until now, the cause of the attacks has been unknown, with no theory fully explaining the many symptoms and signs of the disorder.
"If our hypothesis is confirmed, treatment of vascular risk factors may allow control of symptoms and result in a decreased need for surgeries that destroy the balance function in order to control the spell" said Foster. "If attacks are controlled, the previously inevitable progression to severe hearing loss may be preventable in some cases."
Foster explains that these attacks can be caused by a combination of two factors: 1) a malformation of the inner ear, endolymphatic hydrops (the inner ear dilated with fluid) and 2) risk factors for vascular disease in the brain, such as migraine, sleep apnea, smoking and atherosclerosis.
The researchers propose that a fluid buildup in part of the inner ear, which is strongly associated with Meniere attacks, indicates the presence of a pressure-regulation problem that acts to cause mild, intermittent decreases of blood flow within the ear. When this is combined with vascular diseases that also lower blood flow to the brain and ear, sudden loss of blood flow similar to transient ischemic attacks (or mini strokes) in the brain can be generated in the inner ear sensory tissues. In young people who have hydrops without vascular disorders, no attacks occur because blood flow continues in spite of these fluctuations. However, in people with vascular diseases, these fluctuations are sufficient to rob the ear of blood flow and the nutrients the blood provides. When the tissues that sense hearing and motion are starved of blood, they stop sending signals to the brain, which sets off the vertigo, tinnitus and hearing loss in the disorder.
Restoration of blood flow does not resolve the problem. Scientists believe it triggers a damaging after-effect called the ischemia-reperfusion pathway in the excitable tissues of the ear that silences the ear for several hours, resulting in the prolonged severe vertigo and hearing loss that is characteristic of the disorder. Although most of the tissues recover, each spell results in small areas of damage that over time results in permanent loss of both hearing and balance function in the ear.
Since the first linkage of endolymphatic hydrops and Meniere's disease in 1938, a variety of mechanisms have been proposed to explain the attacks and the progressive deafness, but no answer has explained all aspects of the disorder, and no treatment based on these theories has proven capable of controlling the progression of the disease. This new theory, if proven, would provide many new avenues of treatment for this previously poorly-controlled disorder.
Source: University of Colorado Denver
There are a whole lot of amazing JRPG sequels as well as games we wished there were sequels for. Then there are the games that seem so completely different from the games before them, they feel strange and foreign, almost like they should be part of a different franchise. Here's 7 of the strangest JRPG sequels that changed the formula, sometimes to make the games better, sometimes to make it worse.
Ultima IV: Quest of the Avatar
Ultima IV is hands down one of the most unique games ever made. It was originally developed for the PC by Richard Garriott here in the States. FCI and Pony Canyon made a streamlined version in Japan with JRPG-styled sprites for the Nintendo. The ported edition of the adaptation is the one I got my hands on. Until then, most JRPGs I'd played had you saving the world, rescuing a princess, or vanquishing an evil. It was a strange shock to play a game where your ultimate objective was to be a good person. Seriously, that's it. Even Ultima III had you defeating Exodus, the unholy creation of the villains of Ultima I and II. Moral dilemmas affected your destiny as you fed the poor, refrained from cheating blind shopkeepers, valiantly fought your battles, and tried to avoid lying. A lot of games pay lip service to moral choices with a token dilemma which turns out to be pretty black and white in its implications. Ultima IV ventured into the gray embers of ethics that made it an unusual sequel for embodying a philosophy and a new way of life in its gameplay.
Advertisement
Final Fantasy X-2
How do you follow the meditative and melancholy journey that marked Tidus' march to the ruins of Zanarkand as the party struggled with religion, identity, and death? Create a spirited and lively sequel focused on j-pop, new costumes, and Charlie's Angels-styled shenanigans. Honestly, when I first heard about the game, I was skeptical, thinking it was a cash-in on the franchise. But I was surprised at the game's depth and variety. The dresspheres hearkened back to the class system of the two Final Fantasy games that didn't originally get ports, FFIII and FFV. Even though the game was structured into five chapters, it felt the most open and free form of any in the series. There were a plethora of minigames, optional bosses, and sidequests, with Luca's concert mission being one of my favorites for forcing you to don a moogle suit. The combination of the upbeat jazz, the surreal sight of Yuna skipping around in the moogle suit, and the absurdly complicated plot to retrieve your garment grid was part of its allure. The story does get more serious as it evolves into a quest to rescue Tidus. But my favorite parts were the quirky diversions from the main journey. I think the strangest part of all was that in some ways, I actually enjoyed Final Fantasy X-2.
Advertisement
Phantasy Star III: Generations of Doom
Phantasy Star II is arguably one of the most epic games ever created as you traveled the Algo Star System in what was one of the very first science fiction themed JRPGs. Its sequel, Phantasy Star III, plunged you into a seeming medieval age with the opening taking place during your nuptials. When your princess gets kidnapped (see JRPG trope #2 above), you chase after her and discover your world is part of a space colony escaping from a planet that was destroyed in Phantasy Star II. The newly boasted mechanism in the game was a chance to get married and have kids that you would play as in the next generation. Marital politics were the key innovation and depending on who you married, you'd have different storylines. It seemed intriguing in theory, but Phantasy Star III made several odd choices in its execution to hamper the experience. First off, the ubiquitous battles were stripped of almost all animation in stark contrast to Phantasy Star II, making the combat seem lifeless. Second, the brilliant science fiction milieu of its previous entry was largely stripped away, making the environments seem bland and dull in comparison. Phantasy Star III wasn't without its highlights, including the best party companion in the cyborg, Wren, as well as an intriguing narrative detailing the vicissitudes of its history. But its core mechanic, marriage, was doomed from its inception with a series of loveless pairings until they were brilliantly reconciliated in Phantasy Star IV.
Advertisement
Breath of Fire: Dragon Quarter
I've always been a big fan of the BoF games, so I couldn't wait to get my hand on the the fifth in the series. Immediately, I was struck at how different the game felt. Rather than the fantasy worlds I was accustomed to, Dragon Quarter was about a dystopia where humans live underground inspired by The World Five Minutes From Now by Ryū Murakami. Basically, your friend Nina needs fresh air which is only available at the upper levels. As you fight your way up, you get stronger and stronger until you meet an enemy you can't beat or your D-counter goes up to 100 and you die. If this were like the previous BoFs, you'd be required to either level up some more or get a new weapon to progress. Dragon Quarter made the strange choice of forcing you to repeat the entire game from the beginning. That meant lots and lots of replays. While more of the story was revealed on each restart, this design choice was the kind that made the repetition of Majora's Mask pale in comparison. The Scenario Overlays system could either be the most perfect metaphor for the cycles of poverty and suffering people get stuck in, or the most annoying game mechanic ever conceived. I'm still not sure which it is.
Advertisement
Chrono Cross
I always wondered what happened to the main protagonists of one of my favorite JRPGs, Chrono Trigger. Crono and company saved the planet, rescued history from the evil of Lavos, and things seemed to end off on a happy note (presuming you got one of the main endings). Chrono Cross presented multiple bleak scenarios. Lucca is dead. The ghosts of Crono and Marle haunt you, asking why you've undone all their work. The same could be said of the game. Honestly, I initially just wished for an extension of the first one and felt if the developers had chosen to whittle down the 45 playable characters into a smaller cast we could really get to know, similar to Chrono Trigger, I would have enjoyed it a lot more. My first step to really appreciate Cross was forgetting its connection to Chrono Trigger so that I could take it as its own game. Whereas Trigger revolved around time, Cross was about dimensions and the branching choices we make. It's a more somber game with one of the best soundtracks ever composed, and once I saw it for its own virtues, it quickly became one of my favorite JRPGs. In an alternate universe, I played Chrono Cross first and deplored its prequel, Chrono Trigger, wondering why it couldn't be more like its sequel.
Advertisement
Zelda II: The Adventure of Link
I honestly wish there was a new Zelda game done in the sidescrolling style of The Adventure of Link. I know it was vastly different, but I loved the game and the way it introduced towns, magic, and experience points. Playing it now, it feels even stranger because of just how far it strays from the Zelda formula we've come to expect. I enjoyed wandering temples in combat, talking to unusual townspeople like “Error,” and using my favorite technique, the downthrust, to get through the tight tunnels of Death Mountain. Zelda II also let you turn into a fairy and fly past all your enemies. The part the official Zelda timeline didn't mention was that in one of the alternate histories, Link got stuck in fairy form, went back in time, and started calling himself Navi. “Hey, listen!”
Advertisement
Super Hydlide
I think there's a general consensus that the first Hydlide is one of the worst games ever made. Super Hydlide, its Sega Genesis sequel (it's actually Hydlide 3 but part 2 never made it over), fares a whole lot better. I bought it sort of by chance. I had the choice of purchasing a new RPG, and the only two choices available were Fatal Labyrinth and this one. The game store employee told me Fatal Labyrinth wasn't good so I went with Super Hydlide. I'm glad I did as it's one of the most fascinating games I played growing up. Initially, I was very discouraged by its hyper realism. You have to eat and sleep or you'll get weak. If you carry out immoral acts, people won't talk to you anymore, refusing to give you necessary tips to progress. If you buy too many items, your weight will prevent you from moving. You need to leave money at banks and there's even a day and night cycle. Most of the opening of the game revolves around you micromanaging the details of your life. Fortunately, certain items you acquire help speed things up so you can start to dive into the main quest. The game is full of obscure puzzles, the Simon's Quest type that make you scratch your head and wonder how in the world you were supposed to figure it out. But if you stick with it, the game gets stranger. The fantasy land becomes a science fiction sprawl that makes for some interesting worldbuilding. At some point, you actually fall down a fissure in the ground and land in space. You walk among the stars until you find a spaceship and a technological fortress where you discover its inhabitants were all turned into monsters a la Alien. This leads to a climactic fight against an evil being who exists in the first dimension and turns out to be the creator of the universe. You just killed your god and everyone lived happily ever after. That is, until Virtual Hydlide.
Advertisement
______
Peter Tieryas is making a strange sequel of his own.
On a recent weekday just before noon, Michael and Linda Norris turned on the lights and unlocked the front door to their London pub, just as they've been doing for the past 34 years.
Across the street from a leafy park in the borough of Southwark, the China Hall Public House attracts rugby players after weeknight matches. Shortly after opening on this day, they welcomed a familiar face, Patrick Ford, a patron turned longtime friend.
"Obviously, all things take their progression, but this just seems to be unfair," Ford remarked.
Since the 1980s, Ford has stopped by for countless chats, but all the talk here has recently turned to the China Hall's impending closure.
"They want to bring the lease to a close and basically just want to get rid of us," Michael Norris explained.
The China Hall public house in London's Southwark borough has a history stretching back nearly 300 years. (Peter Zin/CBC)
The family has been leasing the pub — and their home upstairs — but the owners recently doubled the price. The new amount comes into effect when the Norris' 10-year lease is up at the end May.
"It's disgusting," Michael said. "If you've spent 34 years developing the business and developing customer relations and the community, you feel bad."
His concern isn't only for China Hall — with its history in Southwark dating back almost 300 years — but for other London pubs, too. The watering holes have traditionally acted as communal living rooms for Londoners, hosting friends who meet at the pub rather than in their cramped homes.
Although London City Hall's latest figures from 2016 show the British capital was still home to 3,615 pubs, the traditional meeting places are becoming less and less common. Municipal data indicates 1,220 have closed since 2001 — a 25 per cent drop in pubs across the city.
Money matters
Pub owners, campaigners and politicians point to increased costs and a changing culture as the main reasons for the closures.
London's famously expensive housing market has made pubs an attractive target for redevelopment, a municipal lawmaker told CBC News.
"If you own a building, you can get so much more from it if you flip it" and turn it into apartments, said London Assembly Member Tom Copley.
"That's what I think is driving a lot of pubs to be closed."
In Southwark, the average home price in February 2017 (the latest available figures) was £511,119 ($904,856 Cdn). That's a 194 per cent increase since February 2007.
Copley called it a "housing crisis" that's been growing for 30-40 years.
"You can't really turn that around overnight," he said. "Solving the problem is going to be a bit like turning around an oil tanker."
Curbing consumption
Geoff Strawbridge, the regional director of the Campaign For Real Ale, a movement promoting pubs and traditional ales, said "the most important thing to save pubs is for more people to use them."
Government campaigns, however, have long aimed to curb drinking among Britons. And the strategies may be working.
In 2016, 56.9 per cent of adult respondents to a national survey said they had taken a drink in the previous week — the lowest since the survey began in 2005.
What's more, the University of Sheffield's Alcohol Research Group recently found that as pubs have closed across England, supermarkets and convenience stores have more than doubled.
"Our research shows a major change in how people obtain their alcohol," said Colin Angus, who led the study.
"Small supermarkets and convenience stores, where alcohol is commonly available at low prices, have proliferated in recent years. At the same time, the numbers of pubs — which sell alcohol at a higher price — has decreased dramatically."
Plans to save pubs
A new British law will give pubs extra protection, making it harder to redevelop the land. The Neighbourhood Planning Bill received royal assent last week and was applauded by the Campaign for Real Ale.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said he was "shocked" by the rate of closure and pledged to now better track the number of pubs shutting down.
"The Great British Pub is at the heart of the capital's culture," he said in a statement.
Khan recently hired the city's first-ever "night czar," Amy Lamé, to curb nightspot closures and launch consultations on how boroughs can protect their pubs.
"When tourists are coming over here, the London pub is an icon along with the red buses and the black cabs," said Copley. "They're incredibly important for our community. And they're incredibly important in terms of culture and for our economy as well."
Back at the China Hall pub, Michael Norris worries political solutions will be too little, too late. Redevelopment is "taking away the heritage and the community at the same time," he said.
"There won't be anything left. That's the way everything is going."
La Finquita farm stand, Summer 2014 | Kimberly Paynter / WHYY
La Finquita perennials waking up from winter.
Previous
Previous Next
Like gardeners at plenty of other long-tenured city gardens on once-vacant lots, La Finquita had hoped the Philadelphia Land Bank would provide a pathway for Philadelphia Catholic Worker to secure permanent ownership of the property. Even though protecting gardens like La Finquita is among the Land Bank's explicit goals, it is not yet able to acquire privately owned tax-delinquent parcels for disposition to new owners. La Finquita could no longer afford to wait.
Earlier this year the garden's gates were locked and No Trespassing signs were posted. An entity called Mayrone LLC filed a deed for the property in late February, showing a purchase from the co-executors of the last beneficiary of the estate of the defunct company. Along with the purchase, Mayrone paid the back taxes.
But the legal complaint filed Friday asserts that the property wasn't theirs to sell, and asks the court to affirm that the Philadelphia Catholic Worker is the owner.
“We are all staying very positive. We have so much support from people in the neighborhood, businesses, gardeners, people in our community,” said Goff. The garden's perennials are waking up and spring planting will continue undeterred. “We're going to have our first official workday next week.”
La Finquita is hardly alone as a long-tenured urban garden that lacks clear ownership. Amy Laura Cahn rattles off a handful of sites on similarly precarious ground. Absent a fully functioning land bank to facilitate land transfers that ensure the stability and longevity of these gardens, urban agriculture continues faces an uphill battle in neighborhoods across the city.
“It's taking a long time to overcome the notion of gardens as interim use,” Cahn says. That's despite the city's sustainability agenda, the enormous investments by the Philadelphia Water Department in green stormwater infrastructure, the importance of food access, and awareness that cities need green spaces to combat urban heat. “All of these things that we know now and you still have to go up against the notion that gardens are an interim use and are awaiting a higher and better use. If we think that there's always a higher and better use than a garden, then we will never have a garden. It is absolutely an environmental justice issue. It is an equity issue.”
Gardeners hope the court will enable Philadelphia Catholic Worker to establish clear ownership of the land, enabling a long-term plan for the space.
To Goff and her fellow gardeners, La Finquita is a precious asset.
“We walked around the entire neighborhood and there's nothing like this left,” she said. “In every square inch of South Kensington, this is it.”
Near-optimal Character Animation with Continuous Control
Abstract
We present a new model for real-time character animation with multidimensional, interactive control. The underlying motion engine is data-driven, enables rapid transitions, and automatically enforces foot-skate constraints without inverse kinematics. On top of this motion space, our algorithm learns approximately optimal controllers which use a compact basis representation to guide the system through multidimensional state-goal spaces. These controllers enable real-time character animation that fluidly responds to changing user directives and environmental constraints.
Project Members
Resources
Near-optimal Character Animation with Continuous Control
Treuille, A. Lee, Y. Popović, Z.
ACM Transactions on Graphics 26(3) (
[ Treuille, A. Lee, Y. Popović, Z.ACM Transactions on Graphics 26(3) ( SIGGRAPH 2007 Paper (0.8 Mb)] (Requires Quicktime to view.)
[ SIGGRAPH video (5 mins) - Movie (139.2 Mb)]
Support
Apple said Tuesday that certain accounts of Hollywood celebrities were compromised via a “very targeted attack” on its services — but that neither iCloud nor Find My iPhone were breached — and that the company was working with law enforcement officials to track down the individuals responsible for the incident.
“When we learned of the theft, we were outraged and immediately mobilized Apple's engineers to discover the source,” Apple said in a statement. “Our customers' privacy and security are of utmost importance to us.”
SEE ALSO: Celebrities Exposed in Massive Nude Photo Leak
On Sunday, nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton, Selena Gomez, Ariana Grande and Kirsten Dunst — as many as 100 stars in all — were posted online, evidently stolen from their personal Apple accounts. The pictures, first uploaded to website 4chan, appeared to show most of the celebrities nude or partially dressed. Apple said Monday that it was investigating the incident.
Apple said that after more than 40 hours of investigation, “we have discovered that certain celebrity accounts were compromised by a very targeted attack on user names, passwords and security questions, a practice that has become all too common on the Internet.” The Cupertino, Calif.-based tech giant insisted that the cases did not represent a “breach” of any Apple system, including iCloud or Find My iPhone.
Related Apple Music Likely Heading to Google Speakers Apple to Show First Original Series Clips at March Event but Launch Still Months Away
To protect against this type of attack, Apple said, it advises users to always use a strong password and enable two-step verification. Two-step verification requires users to verify their identity using one of their devices associated with an Apple account.
The FBI said Monday that it was investigating the matter. “The FBI is aware of the allegations concerning computer intrusions and the unlawful release of material involving high profile individuals, and is addressing the matter,” an agency rep said in a statement. “Any further comment would be inappropriate at this time.”
The photo-hacking incident comes ahead of an event Apple is hosting next Tuesday, Sept. 9, in Cupertino, where it is reportedly planning to launch the next generation of iPhones with larger screen sizes as well as a wearable device.
Our universe began with a Big Bang some 13-15 billion years ago. On this, most physicists agree. But few theorists have ventured to explain what happened "before" the Big Bang, or how the Big Bang came to be. This is because the laws of physics break down at the point of a singularity, such as with the one that physicists claim composed pre-Big Bang reality.
But a few pioneering physicists are now positing a mind-blowing new theory that could forever change our perspective on the beginnings of the universe. Perhaps, they suggest, the entire universe — all the galaxies, stars, planets, everything — exists wholly inside a massive black hole, reports National Geographic.
This radical theory would imply that our universe is just one of many. It would suggest that our universe is ultimately contained within a much larger universe — a mother universe, if you will — which harbors the black hole we're currently living in. It's a wild theory, but it's one that is slowly but surely garnering consideration from physicists.
One such physicist is Dr. Nikodem Poplawski of the University of New Haven in Connecticut. He argues that singularities, like the ones that exist at the centers of black holes, have a physical limit, a point where they can be crunched no further. Such a point would have to be massive, perhaps the weight of a billion suns or more. But once that limit is reached, the immense compacting processes at the heart of all singularities must halt.
Then, like a tightly compressed can of springs, there's a bang; a very big bang. Perhaps the Big Bang.
According to Poplawski, the reason for such a limit (and, consequently, the universe-creating explosion that follows) is that black holes spin. They spin at near-light speeds. This, in turn, creates a huge amount of torsion. Thus, such massive black holes are not just incredibly tiny and immensely heavy, they are also twisted and compressed. The multitude of forces at work are so intense that a bursting point is eventually reached. This, Poplawski proposes, is how the Big Bang happened, though he prefers to call it "the big bounce."
Such a view, if true, would revolutionize how scientists think of black holes. Rather than being dark, foreboding chasms where the laws of physics break down, black holes could instead become conduits, "one-way doors," or passageways between universes.
As of now, Poplawski's theory remains unprovable — though it can't be ruled out either. At the very least, it's fun to think about. And it's a reminder of just how wide-open our current understanding of cosmology is.
Related on MNN:
Our entire universe might exist inside a massive black hole, say physicists
Are we living inside a black hole? A few scientists think it's the best theory to explain pre-Big Bang reality.
How to Build a Vertical Aquaponic System
contributor: Rob Goodier
You can turn a small yard, a corner in a community garden or an unused space in your home into a thriving vertical farm for vegetables and fish. A household-sized vertical aquaponic system can fit into a 3ft by 5ft (1m x 2m) area and feed a family year-round. Sean Brady, the aquaponics projects coordinator at the Center for Sustainable Aquaponics and Nourish the Planet in Loveland, Colo., showed us how to build a system from scrap he found around the greenhouse.
More food, less water
A vertical aquaponic system grows vegetables without soil in columns above a fish tank. It is a water-efficient and space-saving way to garden and raise fish. By growing vertically, you can produce about twice the amount of plants as you can with a hydroponic system of the same area. One five-foot tower can produce more than 200 heads of lettuce per year. And it uses a small fraction of the water needed to grow crops in soil.
Mutual benefits
The aquaponic system puts fish waste to work as fertilizer for crops. A small pump draws nutrient-rich water from the fish tank to the tops of the vertical columns. The water trickles down through the roots of the plants, gathering oxygen from the air as it falls back into the tank. The system is mostly enclosed, with little to no waste and no need for fertilizer or pesticides. And, if you do it well, you won't have to clean the fish tank much.
You would have to replace lost water as needed, power the pump and feed the fish. It might not be too hard to power one of these pumps with a small solar panel or some other renewable energy. If anyone has an idea, please share.
This is how to build Sean Brady's low-cost vertical aquaponic system. All the photos are his, and if you have questions for him, you can contact Sean Brady here or email him at bradyaquaponics@gmail.com.
Materials:
You can use the following materials or swap out anything for whatever you have on hand. Brady built this system from scrap he had around the greenhouse. We're including pictures of other, fancier systems that he built out of similar materials to show the diversity that this kind of build affords. Measurements are in feet and inches. Sorry, rest of the world.
*Pipes
15-20 ft. of 4-in. diameter PVC or ADS
Four 4-inch elbows
Four 4-inch T connectors
*Two 50-gallon drums
*15-20 ft. of pex tubing, or aquarium tubing
*Plastic cups
*Strips of cloth, such as burlap sack, cable ties or another fastener
*Scrap wood
*Two rolls of electrical tape
*Pumps
One water pump – the size depends on how much flow it would need. An aquarium pump is enough to keep the flow going.
One air pump (optional). The system can aerate itself but it can produce more if it has an air pump.
Tools:
*Power drill or hand drill
*1-in hole saw
*3-in hole saw
Build time:
About two hours.
Recommended plants and fish:
Leafy vegetables, tomatoes and herbs do well in these systems. So do flowers. You can experiment to find which do well and fit your needs.
Tilapia and trout do well, they grow quickly and they're delicious.
Cut the pipe into six 1ft. sections for the sides and two 14in. sections for the ends.
Drill two 3in-diameter holes in each of the 1ft side pieces.
Drill a 1in-diameter hole into the side of one of the end pieces.
Tip:You can use any kind of durable plastic or pipe, not just what's pictured.
Assemble the pieces with electrical tape.
Cut the vertical pipes to the length that suits you.
Drill 1in-diameter holes in the vertical pipes, evenly spaced.
Insert the vertical pipes as shown.
The photo on the right shows the mostly finished structure to give you an idea of how it looks.
Perforate the bottoms of the plastic cups and place them in the holes you drilled in the side pipes.
Cut a piece of 1in-diameter pipe to insert into the 1in hole in the end pipe to make a drain.
The drain should pour into one of the 50-gallon drums.
You can use two 50-gallon drums like these or any other kind of container that holds water for fish. You could even scale this down and put it on top of an indoor aquarium.
Cut the tops off below the rims.
This is the assembled garden structure on top of the drums, seen from two slightly different angles.
Adjust the structure's balance and support its joints with wooden boards. You could tilt the structure slightly toward the drainpipe to improve the water flow.
Most systems will have vertical columns of equal height, but these are cut at different heights to show the range of options available.
Seed the plants in these. Put them in the cups and the holes in the vertical columns.
The final steps are not pictured, but easily explained. Cut strips of burlap or some other material, fasten them to the tops of the vertical pipes and drape them down the inside of the pipes. Stuffing the pipes with cloth like this will give the plant roots something to latch on.
Next, cut and assemble the tubing so that you can pump water from one barrel up to each of the four vertical pipes. You could also pump water from the barrel that receives drainage to the barrel that feeds the system.
These systems can scale up to commercial size, too. Brady and his colleagues at the Center for Sustainable Aquaponics set up this greenhouse for leafy vegetables, herbs and fish.
Another view of the commercial greenhouse.
This arrangement portrays some of the creativity and even the beauty possible with an aquaponic system. Among its features, there is a rocky waterfall into the fish tank and a drip-irrigation system watering soil-free plants in a rock bed.
These are different views of the above system.
Our guide Sean Brady shows what these systems can produce. He's holding a trout here.
tags : agriculture, DIY, diy agriculture, vertical aquaponic system
first Quarter UCF TEM
SF 6:39 Zaire Williams rush for a loss of 1 yard to the Temp 0 for a SAFETY. temple drive: 2 plays -1 yard, 00:14 temple , 0:14 2 0
FG 3:31 Shawn Moffitt 20-yard field goal GOOD. ucf drive: 7 plays 46 yards, 03:08 ucf fg, 3:08 5 0
second Quarter UCF TEM
TD 13:48 P.J. Walker pass complete to Jamie Gilmore for 32 yards for a TOUCHDOWN. temple drive: 10 plays 82 yards, 04:43 temple td, 4:43 5 6
XP 13:48 Nick Visco extra point GOOD. temple drive: 10 plays 82 yards, 04:43 temple td, 4:43 5 7
TD 11:08 Blake Bortles pass complete to William Stanback for 49 yards for a TOUCHDOWN. ucf drive: 4 plays 61 yards, 02:40 ucf td, 2:40 11 7
XP 11:08 Shawn Moffitt extra point GOOD. ucf drive: 4 plays 61 yards, 02:40 ucf td, 2:40 12 7
TD 6:15 P.J. Walker rush for 3 yards for a TOUCHDOWN. temple drive: 12 plays 82 yards, 04:53 temple td, 4:53 12 13
XP 6:15 Nick Visco extra point GOOD. temple drive: 12 plays 82 yards, 04:53 temple td, 4:53 12 14
TD 3:56 Blake Bortles pass complete to J.J. Worton for 4 yards for a TOUCHDOWN. ucf drive: 4 plays 81 yards, 02:19 ucf td, 2:19 18 14
XP 3:56 Shawn Moffitt extra point GOOD. ucf drive: 4 plays 81 yards, 02:19 ucf td, 2:19 19 14
TD 2:13 P.J. Walker pass complete to Robbie Anderson for 30 yards for a TOUCHDOWN. temple drive: 5 plays 80 yards, 01:43 temple td, 1:43 19 20
XP 2:13 Nick Visco extra point GOOD. temple drive: 5 plays 80 yards, 01:43 temple td, 1:43 19 21
FG 0:00 Shawn Moffitt 35-yard field goal GOOD. ucf drive: 13 plays 46 yards, 02:13 ucf end half, 2:13 22 21
third Quarter UCF TEM
TD 3:31 P.J. Walker pass complete to Robbie Anderson for 75 yards for a TOUCHDOWN. temple drive: 5 plays 99 yards, 01:19 temple td, 1:19 22 27
XP 3:31 Nick Visco extra point GOOD. temple drive: 5 plays 99 yards, 01:19 temple td, 1:19 22 28
fourth Quarter UCF TEM
TD 6:37 Blake Bortles pass complete to J.J. Worton for 38 yards for a TOUCHDOWN. ucf drive: 5 plays 84 yards, 01:43 ucf td, 1:43 28 28
XP 6:37 Shawn Moffitt extra point GOOD. ucf drive: 5 plays 84 yards, 01:43 ucf td, 1:43 29 28
TD 2:04 P.J. Walker pass complete to Chris Parthemore for 7 yards for a TOUCHDOWN. temple drive: 8 plays 80 yards, 02:47 temple td, 2:47 29 34
2PTC 2:04 Two-point conversion attempt, P.J. Walker pass to Chris Parthemore GOOD. temple drive: 8 plays 80 yards, 02:47 temple td, 2:47 29 36
TD 1:06 Blake Bortles pass complete to J.J. Worton for 30 yards for a TOUCHDOWN. ucf drive: 4 plays 70 yards, 00:58 ucf td, 0:58 35 36
XP 1:06 Shawn Moffitt extra point GOOD. ucf drive: 4 plays 70 yards, 00:58 ucf td, 0:58 36 36
A deaf woman who committed sex offences against a troubled underage girl has been sentenced to two years less a day in prison.
In March, a jury found Moreen Akumu, 36, guilty of sexual interference, invitation to sexual touching, being a householder who permitted prohibited sexual activity and sexual assault in relation to the offences involving the 14-year-old girl, who cannot be identified due to a publication ban.
The victim had come to Akumu's East Vancouver apartment building to visit a friend. Akumu, who knew the girl and her mother, invited her up to her suite and once inside the suite, gave her alcohol.
The accused and the girl later went out and bought some marijuana and more alcoholic drinks, with the girl consuming enough to become very intoxicated.
Akumu led her into her bedroom and the two engaged in oral sex together. Akumu took a sexually explicit photo of the girl. Later, Akumu phoned a male friend named Mohammed Boima and invited him over to her apartment and Boima, who was also charged and convicted in the case, had sexual intercourse with the girl.
Later still Akumu contacted the victim through Facebook, invited her back to her apartment with an offer of more alcohol and asked the girl not to speak to her mother about what had happened.
The girl, who was suffering from depression at the time, gave a victim impact statement in which she said she'd lost all trust in Akumu, referring to her as a family friend, and said she felt suffocated and “almost deranged.”
Her mom told the court that her daughter was beginning to heal from her depression at the time but that afterward she became dangerously depressed and after completing her victim impact statement had attempted suicide.
In imposing sentence Monday, B.C. Supreme Court Justice Barbara Fisher said there were a number of aggravating factors, including that Akumu had abused a person under the age of 18, was in a “low level position of trust”” with the victim and was aware to some extent the girl was troubled.
“Ms. Akumu provided (the girl) with alcohol and drugs, allowed her to get extremely intoxicated and took sexual advantage of her in that state.”
The judge said the primary mitigating factor was that Akumu, a mother of five who came to Canada from Uganda and is not a Canadian citizen, had no prior criminal record.
She noted that Akumu is deaf and communicates through sign language, gestures, lip-reading and some verbalization and is supported by disability benefits.
The judge concluded that the accused's disability was a factor that she could consider in determining the length of incarceration.
“I do think it will be a challenge for Ms. Akumu to get along in a prison setting. It stands to reason that she will be limited in her ability to participate in programs.
“Indeed, with a first-time offender with her challenges, it may very well be difficult for her to protect herself in the prison population, particularly in respect of these charges.”
The Crown had called for a sentence of three to four years in prison for the May 2014 crimes, with the defence arguing for a sentence of one year to two years less a day in prison.
Akumu sat weeping in the prisoner's dock during the sentencing, wiping away tears with a Kleenex. Due to the length of the prison term, she faces deportation after having served out her sentence.
The judge earlier sentenced Boima to 16 months in prison.
kfraser@postmedia.com
twitter.com/keithrfraser
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com
The litter on Ogden Street NW makes him stop. Then it's the seatless bicycle locked to a lamppost, the tree with dead branches, then a graffiti-splattered mailbox. He sighs when he comes to the sidewalk dotted with a measles-like outbreak of blackened, flattened chewing gum.
Each discovery makes Terry Lynch press the redial button on his cellphone. He calls himself. Into his voice mail he recites the location (“1500 block of Ogden Street Northwest”) and the problem (“Possible abandoned bike, missing seat, missing tires”).
At his office the next day, he listens to each of his 48 messages. He scribbles down the details he then reports on the District's non-emergency Web site or in e-mails to bureaucrats, most ending with “Respectfully” or “Respectfully yours” or “Just wanted to bring these to your attention.”
He repeats this ritual several times a week, not because it's his job, per se, but because he cannot help himself.
Washington is a city of professional nags, many of them migrating from across the country to agitate, lobby, champion and nudge on such high-minded issues as health care and Social Security. Lynch, 52, the head of a coalition of religious organizations, is perfectly capable of opining about the state of District school reform (“Stalled,” he says.) or the spate of scandals laying waste to the city's elected leaders (“Tragic.”). He can see the proverbial forest through the trees.
Terry Lynch finds garbage in a newspaper box on 14th Street Northwest. (Daniel C. Britt/THE WASHINGTON POST)
But that dead maple at 15th and Irving?
Or those missing crosswalk stripes at 11th and Columbia?
Or the streetlight on New York Avenue that's on during the day?
“Look at this!” he says with each new discovery, his small frame stiffening as if he hadn't just seen something very similar moments before.
After one of Lynch's many notes, his D.C. Council member wrote back and dismissed his reports as “armchair emails.” His wife, far more charitable, rejects the suggestion that she might be married to Washington's Most Annoying Man. But she acknowledges that she will not join him for a stroll from their Mount Pleasant rowhouse to Dupont Circle because he will stop every 10 feet to record another outbreak of urban blight.
Her husband is undeterred.
“The town should be green, clean and safe,” he says. “First class. Why not?”
Every community seems to have at least one: the citizen activist, the gadfly, someone like Robert Atkins, 67, a retiree who considers it his civic duty to attend every meeting of the Arlington County Board and pronounce its members thoroughly incompetent. Or Montgomery County's Robin Ficker, a lawyer who for years has given county officials fits in forcing anti-tax and term-limit referendums.
‘Terry is uber'
What distinguishes Lynch is that he doesn't stick to his block or even his neighborhood. Anywhere he happens to be in the District — the streets around RFK Stadium, Tenleytown, Anacostia — is fair game.
As executive director of the Downtown Cluster of Congregations, Lynch considers it part of his mission to ensure that public streetscapes are well maintained. But his passion for perfectly appointed tree boxes and graffiti-free mailboxes extends well beyond his job. Nights, weekends, holidays — Lynch won't let it go. He registers his complaints whether he agrees with the policies of the mayor in power (Adrian Fenty) or disagrees with them (Vincent Gray).
“Terry is uber,” says Ed Grandis, a lawyer and Dupont Circle civic leader. Lynch is one of the few people with whom he can decry the seeming tyranny of newspaper vending machines and abandoned bicycles.
“He is fulfilling a very essential civic duty,” Grandis says.
No, Lynch says, he does not pine to live in Singapore, where chewing gum can get you fined. But he waves off the suggestion that a great Gotham requires a bit of grit, a stray page of a newspaper blowing down an alley, a splash of graffiti here and there, a rat lingering in the road before disappearing into a sewer.
“Is Paris messy?” he demands.
The trash, the dead trees, the spray-painted scrawl — all of it conveys a less-than-life-affirming message, he says: “This is how we take care of our public space? What are we telling our children?”
His self-assigned walking tours started a decade ago because he wanted exercise. Stray beer bottles caught his notice. Then maybe a malfunctioning streetlight. He started writing to city agencies. And kept on walking.
As a rule, Lynch believes in civil discourse, though he acknowledges that he has slipped. He berated a city official he ran into at a party once for not moving quickly enough on remaking a traffic median. When he noticed that the official was with his young daughter, Lynch blanched and apologized.
‘I got him good'
Still, he manages to rankle.
D.C. Council member Jack Evans (D-Ward 2) cackles, recalling how he gave Lynch the Lynch Treatment at a council hearing five years ago. The subject was churches allowing their properties to deteriorate, and Evans wanted to know what Lynch's organization would do about it.
“He couldn't answer,” Evans says. “I got him. I got him good. It was great.”
Council member Jim Graham (D-Ward 1), after being inundated with Lynch's reports of “bent, broken” tree guards and “damaged, empty or graffiti tagged” vending boxes, fired back:
“Did you create and fund graffiti removal teams for Ward 1? Have you fought for the re-establishment of the green teams for Ward 1? I did all of that, it will make far, far more difference than your occasional armchair emails. What you say is c--- and you know it.”
Asked about the e-mail, Graham says he considers Lynch to be a “very good friend” and calls him “one of my earliest and most consistent supporters.”
Lynch shrugs off the scathing e-mail. “Things could be much better in Ward 1,” he explains.
And in wards 2, 3, 4 . . .
And at home, for that matter.
“Rose — can't you hear the toilet running?” is a semi-recurring refrain, according to his wife, a government lawyer. “ ‘Can you please go jiggle the handle?' Leaking faucets drive him crazy.”
Lest anyone think otherwise, she is quick to say, “I respect that Terry is a real advocate for the city.”
There are even nonrelatives who express their gratitude for Lynch's exacting eye.
“Thanks Terry! . . . We appreciate this information,” Blake Holub of the Downtown D.C. Business Improvement District wrote after Lynch sent him a list of 25 issues requiring attention, including a light pole missing its “bottom plate” at 1317 G St. NW and a “grate eating into tree trunk” at 400 Seventh St. NW. The next day, Holub responded: “I'll go out and survey these areas to ensure we have a grasp of the problem.”
For the most part, Lynch says, the bureaucracy responds.
“Eighty-five percent,” he says. “Some could take years. You cannot let up.”
Lynch, the son of a forensic psychiatrist, grew up in Rochester, N.Y., moved to the District in 1977 to attend Georgetown University and stayed. He worked as a homeless advocate before taking over the Downtown Cluster. In 1990, he ran for the D.C. Council and lost, but he has remained active in city politics, serving as an unpaid adviser to Fenty during his losing reelection bid.
Lynch acknowledges that he has not cornered the market on normality. His first meal of the day is often an oatmeal cookie for lunch. He prefers to wash dishes by hand even though he owns a dishwasher. He refuses to eat in any restaurant that's not located within the District, figuring his money shouldn't go to supporting businesses elsewhere. He dislikes the idea of taking a vacation.
“I don't find them relaxing,” he says, sitting in his office in New York Avenue Presbyterian Church. His wooden desk is scuffed. A misshapen sweater drips from a hanger.
“Leave town at your own peril,” he says. “Something could happen you need to respond to.”
In the meantime, he makes his rounds.
“Great to be out,” he says, walking down F Street NW. “Great to feel the city. Great to feel the ground.”
He stops. An empty tree box. He stops again. A buckling sidewalk.
“Look at this!” he says.
Pedestrians come and go. He dials his cellphone.
Presentation
Instead of downloading full packages for minor changes all the time, delta rpms were invented.
Only changes between the installed package and the new one are downloaded. Once the delta rpm loaded, a rebuilding process is started. At the end, the reconstructed RPM is put into yum download directory, where the normal package installation routines pick it up and install it.
Delta rpms were introduced for the first time in Suse Linux 9.3 in 2005.
In 2009, the Fedora 11 distribution created the presto plugin to get the same feature in yum and RHEL 6 followed.
In 2013 with Fedora 19, the presto plugin was merged into the yum command. RHEL 7 got the same evolution.
From the beginning, the main use cases behind delta rpms were:
allowing people with limited bandwidth to regularly update their servers,
to regularly update their servers, reducing costs for people with network connection based on usage ,
, alleviating the burden on repositories.
But, as the delta rpm feature requires special packages to be created (finishing with .drpm) and some infrastructure work on the buildsystem, it is not available for all the repositories.
Because the delta rpm feature is a trade-off, CPU against bandwidth/cost, it is not enabled by default. People with fast bandwidth or local mirrors can see the delta rpm feature as a disadvantage because of the CPU consumption. Overloaded or latency critical servers could also expect problems with this feature.
Also, the deltarpm package is not a part of the minimal installation because it's not a mandatory feature. If you want to use the feature, you need to add the deltarpm package by yourself.
Finally, if for any reason a delta rpm couldn't be downloaded, yum falls back to downloading the full package.
Procedure
Install the deltarpm package:
# yum install -y deltarpm
Note: If the delta rpm package is not there, you usually get this message when installing any package: Delta RPMs disabled because /usr/bin/applydeltarpm not installed.
Then, using the delta rpm feature is normally transparent.
For example, when updating your system, you will see:
# yum update -y Loaded plugins: fastestmirror, langpacks Loading mirror speeds from cached hostfile ... Upgrade 71 Packages Total download size: 120 M Downloading packages: No Presto metadata available for remi-php56 No Presto metadata available for remi Delta RPMs reduced 57 M of updates to 12 M (78% saved) Finishing delta rebuilds of 32 package(s) (53 M) ... Complete!
Note1: The “No Presto metadata available for” messages inform you that there isn't any delta rpm for the remi-php56 and remi repositories.
Note2: The “Delta RPMs reduced 57 M of updates to 12 M (78% saved)” message provides you with some information about the download saving due to the delta rpm feature.
Note3: The “Finishing delta rebuilds of 32 package(s) (53 M)” message tells you how many packages were rebuilt.
Available Parameters
In order to adjust how the delta rpm feature works, two main parameters are available:
deltarpm can receive an integer value ( deltarpm = 2 by default) in the /etc/yum.conf file: a positive value defines the number of reconstruction made in parallel, zero means the delta rpm feature is disabled, a negative value asks yum to figure out how many cores are available and to multiply them by the given value to get the number of reconstruction to make in parallel (example: cores=2 and deltarpm =-3 => 2*3 reconstructions in parallel).
can receive an integer value ( = by default) in the file:
deltarpm_percentage defines the maximum ratio allowed between the delta rpm size and the package size on a per-repository basis: by default, delta rpms can't be bigger than 75% of the size of the associated rpms, otherwise they are not used. If a null value is assigned to this parameter, the delta rpm feature is disabled for this repository (interesting when using local mirrors).
Assign 0 to the deltarpm parameter in the /etc/yum.conf file if you don't want to use the delta rpm feature at all. Assign 0 to the deltarpm_percentage parameter in the repository file if you don't want to use the delta rpm feature for this specific repository.
As the reconstruction of rpms uses a significant amount of disk IO, if you encounter a slowdown, before disabling the feature, assign -1 to the deltarpm parameter in the /etc/yum.conf file. This will autodetect the number of cores and will make it usually as fast or faster than dowloading the full packages.
Concerning dnf, the successor of yum, it is necessary to also install the deltarpm package and add the deltarpm=1 boolean directive in the /etc/dnf/dnf.conf file to get the delta rpm feature working with dnf.
Additional Resources
You can read Jonathan Dieter‘s blog about the algorithms used to handle delta rpms.
Daniel Aleksandersen wrote an article on how to reduce the bandwidth requirements for keeping Fedora up to date.
It has been announced that “Everything Has Changed” is Taylor's next single! The UK release date to radio is June 24th. As soon as we find out when the US release date, we'll let you know so stay tuned! Are you as excited as we are?
“Everything Has Changed” is a song recorded by American country singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, taken from her fourth studio album “Red” that was released on digital retailers on October 22, 2012 via Big Machine Records. It has the collaboration of English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran who co-write the track with Swift. The track was produced by Butch Walker. It's confirmed as the fifth official single from the album and according Music Week website, it's planned to release in UK on June 24.
The track is a country pop song in an acoustic style. The lyrical content finds Swift and Sheeran falling in love and finding the things round them are changing after they first met. The song has received positive reviews from music critics, who praised the song-writing and premise of the song. “Everything Has Changed” was anticipated from both critics and listeners as Swift rarely does collaborations.
Read More
Had I known the man in the water was about to die, I would've stopped complaining.
My favorite time of day is early in the morning. An hour or two hours before the sun comes up, the air is still; the streets are empty; fat, lumpy clouds saunter casually and unnoticed overhead; the last stars of the night fight against the inevitable glow lurching higher and higher on the horizon.
This was how it was on Sunday morning in Beaufort, North Carolina. I had driven since 5 o'clock, past the Marine base, past the sleepy fishing town of Swansboro, past Cape Carteret and, finally, past Morehead City. This coastal corridor is normally overloaded with tourist, weekend fishermen, kayakers, boaters, and a few locals – but not before the sun comes up.
Front Street in Beaufort ran parallel to the waterway without a single vehicle, save the policeman patrolling its avenue. The linen shop, the olive oil company, the wine shop, and restaurants and bars and fudge factory buttressed a silent umbra. Empty parking spaces lined the street with a sort of unemployed hopefulness. A plastic shopping bag slowly cartwheeled in front of my car like tumbleweed. A sultry, marsh breeze blew through my window like lingering spirits. At 6:30, similes staged the town and supported its structure: it was only like something else because it was near indescribable without the usual plodding traffic and excited tourist eating ice cream cones.
I parked in front of the ferry where I was supposed to meet my photography club and walked the boardwalk. Sailboats rested easy in the calm waters and their mast and top lights flickered and waned a silken reflection in the brackish channel. I set my camera bag down, decided which lens to use, and set up my tripod. No matter what adjustments I made, however, I couldn't frame the shot right. I have yet to learn all the knobs and dials of my tripod and ended up kicking the contraption out of frustration, which was much easier and more satisfying than slowing down to actually learn how to manipulate the tree-legged mongrel.
I dragged my bag and mongrel up and down the boardwalk, taking one bad photo after another. This is the hardest thing about photography and the reason why it is both an art and a science. A good photograph captures both the quality and the essence of a place. It gives the viewer a sense of standing on the boardwalk absorbing the blues and reds as they slowly fade to purples and pinks, while a surge of expectancy wells up. Morning will dawn, boats will sail, tides will turn.
I'm not a great photographer. I may be a good or half-way descent photographer, but that weak-kneed superlative is only granted or bestowed out of pity. The amount of effort and money devoted to the art is enough to make the harshest critic find mercy and sympathy. “Yeah, I see what you were going for,” I can imagine her saying.
As I fail and fail and fail to capture the simple beauty of boats in the predawn, I remind myself that I actually don't have critics and it doesn't really matter how many pictures disappoint. One, it only takes one decent picture. That is my goal. Just one. Breathe. Calm down. Be present in this moment.
When this meditative approach fizzles out, as it nearly always does, I figure someone must be serving coffee somewhere. Coffee, the great elixir: if God had brought Adam a cup of coffee instead of the chore of naming all the animals, it is reasonable to question whether humanity would have ever known melancholy or hopelessness. And had God given Adam and Eve a single cup of coffee before that snake slithered up, this whole sin business might have been avoided.
But God's wisdom didn't prevail so many years ago; now the coffee warming my hands soothed my angst as a lower rung sacrament. After tanking up, I joined my camera club when they started gathering at the boat dock. We exchanged our sleepy-minded hellos and boarded the boat for Shackleford Banks. The ferry was nothing more than a stripped down, tanker sized pontoon boat, but in about 30 minutes it crossed the channel as well as a private yacht could.
Shackleford Banks is a nine-mile-long barrier island that is maybe a mile wide. It is the southernmost island connected to the Cape Lookout National Seashore, which runs from Portsmouth Village, an island just south of Ocracoke, to the first step our camera club landed on Shackleford Banks. There is nothing on the island. There are no roads, no stores, no bathrooms. Nothing except what you bring with you. It is a piece of perfect desolation with the exception of the water taxi shuttling people back and forth from Beaufort. And the people come. We were on the first boat of the morning, and when we arrived at the island, a hoard of ill-slept, disheveled campers was packed up like mules. They stood patiently with their tents and coolers and backpacks and bottles of water and fishing poles – their sunburned faces, windblown hair, gritty, sandy bodies – for the taxi to ferry them back to civilization.
Every half-hour the boat would shuffle people on and off the island. At first, I thought what good is a deserted island that isn't deserted. But as I walked into the island's interior it quickly became apparent that the few people coming over on the taxi boats didn't amount to much. The happy cries of children and barking dogs and flip-flop tracks disappeared once we were away from the lapping shore. Our camera club naturally divided itself into smaller social groups, and I fell into the company of James and Kate, two much more advanced photographers.
We wandered over sand dunes and passed briary patches of shrubs and live oaks. We were hunting the wild horses of Shackleford Banks, always on the lookout. Fresh horse poo, horse tracks, stomped down trails – when we initially bored into the island's interior, we felt like wild game photographers, the National Geographic kind. On this side of the Mississippi River, Shackleford Banks is one of the few places where wild horses still live. How the horses managed to get themselves on an island is a mystery. As far back as the sixteenth century there is recorded evidence of horses on the barrier islands, and I recalled hearing our boat captain say the horses were of Spanish heritage. In between the dunes where craggy seagrass and wax myrtles and knifed yuccas nurture green pockets of this beautiful, dreary park, telephoto lens in hand, walking quietly as though a mythological creature might be slumbering around the next arbor, I didn't care about the horses' pedigree or heritage or their genesis. I just wanted a great picture of a wild horse.
Hiking with 25 pounds of camera gear strapped to your back quickly can ruin an exciting hike, and the longer we hiked without finding a wild horse the more I wanted to sit down and give up. They're just horses after all. Fatigue and irritability were spry knaves: the jaunt from intrepid explorer to nippy milksop was the length of my pinky.
I climbed the highest, nearby sand dune and took in the view. A giant red tanker was pulling out of the port of Morehead City. The breeze felt good. I saw James and Kate walking slowly in opposite directions, still looking for horses. From the top of the sand dune, I could scan nearly the entire bottom third of the island. Not a horse in sight.
Suddenly James dropped to a single knee and propped his telephoto lens on his other knee. I looked to see what he was shooting and saw nothing except a large patch of brush. He saw me on top of the dune studying his every move. He raised a clenched fist. Was that some sort of military hand gesture? A signal that says, “Wild horses?” I didn't know. But I bet it was. Adrenaline pumped through my body; the milksop was gone, the adventurer returned. I shuffled down the sand dune, quietly came around the other side of the brush, and standing 60 feet away from James was a wild horse.
I carefully dropped my camera bag off my shoulders, moved slowly and as non-threating as I knew how to move, positioned myself in what I figured was a wildlife photographer's stance, and started snapping images. Kate, who knew by osmosis what we were doing, arrived on the scene and started her own photography. We were careful with the horse, keeping a safe distance as though he were a unicorn.
Out of the brush came another horse. It walked by Kate with causal indifference. And then another horse. And another horse. They scarcely looked like any horse I'd ever seen before: near-pony sized, with exposed ribs and protruding hip bones; their manes had never been brushed and their skin looked like a crusty, salt veneer. The horses circled around us grazing on gnawed-down cordgrass. They paid us little or no attention.
There are supposed to be over 100 wild horses on Shackleford Banks, but we felt lucky to have found just these few. And seeing how the horses just appeared out of the brush, I wondered if there weren't more horses tucked away, just out of sight. As casually as the horses encircled us, they traipsed back into the brush with the uneven gait of nonchalance.
I hoisted my camera bag over my shoulders and walked away with James and Kate. We speculated about how the horses came to be on the island and where they find drinking water. Giddy with our achievement, we rounded more dunes and stumbled onto a small pond of collected rain water circled with horse tracks.
We saw another wild horse from the top of a dune and started hiking towards it. When we positioned ourselves atop a large dune, we were delighted to discover five other horses. These horses were as unimpressed with our arrival as the other horses. And the longer we took pictures the more it became clear that, while these horses may be technically wild, technically feral, they were also perfectly habituated to wanna-be wildlife photographers.
Satisfied, we started walking back for the water taxi by hiking to the shore in hopes of packed sand. We had been on the island for ten minutes and three and half hours had passed. Kate announced that her pedometer said we had walked over seven miles.
We hefted ourselves back to the taxi landing and waited for our ride. More horses came down to the beach and freely mingled around the gathering crowd. And then more horses. We all shook our heads and many cried that the horses could've come to the beach earlier so we wouldn't have had to hike to find them. But I was glad they hadn't. It would've ruined the adventure.
The hard, plastic benches on the water taxi felt like cushions. I unzipped my camera bag and started looking at the images of horses I had captured. One after another and then another and another, they were all out of focus. I kept flipping through the images as the boat was pulling away from Shackleford Banks. A sense of urgency and panic came over me. Was it all for nothing? Again, and again, out of focus, blurry, too much camera movement. I had misjudged. I wasn't holding the camera as still as I had thought. The excitement and adrenaline of finding wild horses had so masked my fatigue that I didn't notice how tired and shaky my body was. My shutter speed was too slow and all the work was lost. I will later discover a hand full of images that were good enough, but on the taxi back to the car I was a complete failure.
I declared the day of photography done and ruined. I zipped up my camera bag and started to pout. The ease of anger and self-pity soiled my spirits, and I slouched back in my seat safely wrapped in self-disgust and defeat. This nip of drama eddied unbroken with a satisfying twinge, and I happily lumped this failure on the ever-growing mountain top of failures, where it would be forever safe from a lapse of memory.
The boat taxi made a wide loop around the dock and started its approach when many people stood up and came to my side of the pontoon boat. Behind me were two men standing waist deep in the water. One man held his arms across his chest and bowed his head. The other man held his arms above is head with his palms facing outward. “In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit…” the one man said. He grabbed the other man by the neck and forehead and dunked him underneath the water. The crowd that had gathered on the shore and the people in the boat collectively held their breath with the submerged man. When the dead man came up, the people on the shore started clapping and shouting and, like a happiness contagion, the people in the boat erupted into applause. Ribbons and balloons, glitter and sparkles fell invisibly from heaven. Angels rejoiced and doves silently flew overhead. A ray of light broke through the spotted cloud cover and a voice said, “This is my son, too.” And the boat taxi cut the engines and slipped quietly into dock having arrived safely from the deserted island.
Everyone was happy, clapping for this stranger's baptism, and I couldn't believe my folly: I had already put my camera away. The day felt like a succession of failures, boats, the blurred horses, and now the shot that I wasn't ready for.
Remember your baptism the ghost of an old preacher whispered in my mind. Remember your baptism. And I did. I remembered that what I had just seen was somehow part of who I was, am, and will be. It was as much an act of grace and gaiety as it was a reminder. The bad boat pictures and out of focus horse pictures, my exhausted legs, and the sand grinding my foot inside my heavy boot. The thirst of my mouth and the weakness of my body. Remember your baptism. Remember who you are. Know the difference between permanence and the vagrancy of disappointment and fatigue. My inheritance and your inheritance, the inheritance of the men in the water, and the people clapping on the boat and on the shore. The alleviation of sorrow and disappointment, the surrender of petty and the laying down of frustration and self-made perfection.
That last sight on the shore couldn't have been photographed anyway. It was far more mysterious and beautiful than the sum of all unicorns.
Two of Marco Rubio's mistresses have been identified and it looks like he has a lot of explaining to do. Is it finally time for Rubio to drop out of the race now that this news is going to rock his campaign to the core?
by Charles C. Johnson, Got News
U.S. Senator Marco Rubio has carried on at least two extramarital affairs since he entered politics.
GotNews.com can confirm through lobbyist sources in DC and Tallahassee that at least one DC-based lobbyist has had an extra marital affair with the first term U.S. Senator. Still another Florida-based lobbyist has been IDed as carrying on an affair.
Trending: WATCH: ‘How Jussie Smollett REHEARSED His Attack' Is HILARIOUS
The first woman was Amber Stoner, a 36-year-old woman who worked for Rubio when he was head of the Florida Republican Party.
Stoner, who later became a lobbyist, traveled with Rubio at least seventeen times, including several resort towns on the GOP credit card. Rubio still hasn't released all of his credit card records from his time heading the party.
…
Stoner, who has been a lobbyist for the health care industry–just like Rubio, was suddenly cut off after Rubio ascended to the Speaker of Florida House. She hadformerly been the Foursquare Mayor of… Marco Rubio's office.
An email read to GotNews.com shows Rubio increasingly desperate calls for attention from Stoner after Rubio gave her the cold shoulder. GOP officials opposing Rubio from Florida read the email as that of a spurned lover.
…
The second woman is Dana Hudson, a blonde lobbyist based in the Beltway.
According to two lobbyists in DC in the national security space Hudson has been bragging about having had sex with the senator to other lobbyists.
Hudson lobbies on Homeland Security issues and is personal friends with the very same corrupt David Rivera who once partied with Rubio.
Interestingly, despite an ongoing investigation by the FBI, Rivera still manages to find tickets to the GOP debates.Based upon her Twitter feed Hudson and Rivera seem to enjoy each other's company a lot.
Read more: Got News
by
Free speech is free speech, precisely for the speech you don't like! It seems this part has been missed in media's rush to throw out the next shiny new object.
What happened to the failing Russia narrative? The red menace has been supplanted by the next threat; the resurrection of the Confederacy. All of a sudden we're inundated with racists. Racists are waiting around the corner, racists are trying to snatch our babies, racists are everywhere – behind that tree, under that bed. And of course we have their ring leader, Donald Trump, the mastermind, manufacturing fascist in the basement of the White House like Orcs in Lord of the Rings.
I agree that the ideology of White Nationalist, Alt Right, Neo NAZIs, regular NAZIs, White Supremacist, and hate purveyors in general are detestable. I agree that Donald Trump's tone and espoused rhetoric kicks a hornets nest in the sense that putting someone in that office that members of that ilk identify with may embolden a silent hoard to feel brighter at work or when they tuck their kids in at night; and a rowdy few to brandish torches and show up at spots in America to strut their renewed vigor. I agree that the indomitable Cornell West and some of the other religious leaders that went to contest the hate groups were morally superior to the intentions of the group there to intimidate. I front all of it before proceeding.
None of that is really the point, however. Acknowledgment of reality and preservation of civil liberties is the point! We live in a country with a bitterly racist heritage where men were violently disfigured into slaves for the purpose of free labor? It would be the height of ridiculousness to believe that each and every person in a country of 325 million people would agree with the goals and aims of integration. Are they still Americans? Contorted and mangled true, but Americans nonetheless. Does the right of free speech somehow not include detestable people and groups that wish to say detestable things?
Free speech is precisely for the speech you don't like. And yes, that also means people are free to respond. But Charlottesville was an immensely predictable street fight, ending in the murder of a brave soul that was there to contest the depraved remnants of a dying society. It's a slight departure but one necessary for a different perspective. The genuine left bashes and rails against unnecessary interventionist wars in other countries. Why!? Part of it has to do with the motives of the government in pursuing those aims, that's true. Another part however is the cost versus benefit, particularly with regards to the human toll. Do all acts require a response? It's easy to punch a NAZI; harder to determine when to let them die and dwindle to irrelevance. For the sake of perspective, a call went out to a country of 325 million and they got upwards of 500 hard core racists to join their unmagnificent band of malcontents in Charlottesville. There are times when ignoring or attacking indirectly is better than the implicit agreement of relevance that is acknowledged through direct confrontation.
Now Charlottesville is a thing that's representative of something. A new shiny object for the media to inflate and manipulate to obfuscate from issues that can actually be addressed. Racism is not solved at the level of the racist. Attacking and denouncing is cathartic, but no racist has ever become “unracist” through the wag of a finger. I'm not unsympathetic to the conversation inasmuch cynical and distrustful of the respective political and economic incentives pushing Democrats and media to casually use superficial conversations between agenda-driven talking heads to create a narrative self described as a “national dialogue”. All to assiduously avoid real conversations on the one malleable driver of racial tension – the disfunction and inequities of our economic model.
If we're going to talk about race, let's talk about race. How many black bodies are locked in cages for nonviolent drug crimes? How about a conversation on Nixon starting the war on drugs to attack Blacks and Hippies for purely political aims? How about having the first black president to know that, and not do anything about that? How about the number of blacks disproportionately stopped by cops, and another magnitude disproportionality murdered by “peace officers” without legal recourse for the victim. Let's discuss those “structurally” imprisoned for longer terms than their white counterpart? Let's even interrogate the soothing linguistic euphemisms like “structural”, as even the language of racial dialogue in the media serves to obfuscate the underlying truth that the edifices pushing these disparities by race are managed by actual people making choices.
Certainly, if we're engaging in an honest and nuanced conversation on race, we'd be remiss to not dig into the overt historic and societal reasons for the gross disparities regarding poverty and race, the effects of poverty on the individual and the wider society, and the utilization of policing as a release valve for the vagaries of a capitalistic system incapable of actualizing human potential it once relied on to build a nation. We can have a national conversation on race and the tension of history, thought, and values that provoke terrifying outbursts. The images and language around Charlottesville however is a vulgar spectacle that has devolved into attacks on the very principle of free speech.
Now, Trump not repudiating his base is a story and Democrats want to hold an investigation into “White Supremacy”. Of course, Obama was going to comment and of course it got a billion likes. It's Obama; he's soothing in moments like this. Mind you the guy murdered thousands of innocent civilians throughout the Muslim world with flying killer robots without a shred of Constitutional authority to do so. The Republican President before Trump, George Bush is pulled from his new career at finger painting to unequivocally condemn racism. The guy that murdered 1 million Iraqis and illegally tortured human beings to create a nonexistent link between Iraq and 9/11 is now the standard for moral turpitude in the Republican Party. This is lunacy! It's iller than lunacy, it's a spectacle at the expense of real and deeply felt feelings from an immensely complex and difficult shared heritage.
The murder and injury of the anti fascist warriors in Virginia are tragic. Nonetheless, I won't invest myself into self serving narratives that seek to either monetize or politicize real trauma. I will vigorously defend the principle of free speech. That is NOT in any way to be conflated with hugging a NAZI. The bottom line is I have no interest in becoming a fascist in name of rebuffing fascists.
Jamarl L. Thomas hosts the Progressive Soapbox on YouTube.
At 55, Sara Kelly Keenan finally has an accurate birth certificate, and it's believed to be the first one in the nation that says “intersex” in the gender field.
The Californian was born intersex in New York City with a condition known as Swyer syndrome, which prevents the body from producing sex hormones. Keenan, who uses female pronouns, was born with male genes, female genitalia, and mixed internal reproductive organs. She was initially issued a male birth certificate, which was changed to female three weeks later; her parents did not reveal her condition to her, instead telling her she was a girl who couldn't make hormones. Keenan visited an endocrinologist seven years ago who confirmed her suspicion that she was intersex.
In September, Keenan became the second person in the country to legally change her gender to nonbinary. She applied for the gender change after another person, Jamie Shupe, successfully argued that gender-change laws that allow trans people to legally change their gender should also apply to people who don't identify as male or female. The New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene issued Keenan a new birth certificate after she provided medical documentation.
Intersex advocacy group interACT believes that Keenan's intersex birth certificate is the first issued in the United States; they know of one that has been reissued to say “hermaphrodite” and several others that do not have a sex specified. Her attorney told NBC that birth certificates are often used for accessing public services and documents like state IDs and passports. “Not all intersex people will choose to identify legally as intersex,” Keenan told NBC, “and not all parents will choose to have their intersex child identified as intersex on birth documents. But for those who do, the option must exist.”
Trying to get intersex or nonbinary printed on their driver's licenses and passports is the next step for both Keenan and Shupe, though passports will involve the State Department. This battle will not be over soon.
Share
Tweet
Pin 3 shares
Okay, lets be real here for a second; Adele could sing about dirty diapers and I would still cry. As if her soulful music didn't make her awesome enough, she is also always rocking a PERFECTLY EXECUTED winged liner. Her makeup artist needs to make a YouTube channel. Like yesterday. But until then you're just going to have to settle for me and my Adele inspired winged liner tutorial.
Adele's winged liner is always a little different because the wing is angled more upwards than traditional winged liner, so when your eye is open, you can juuuust barely see that the end of the liner is upturned. I find that gel liner is easier to work with for this, but some people prefer liquid liner pens, and that's cool too.
First, draw a line beginning at your lower lash line towards the tail of your brow. It's okay if it's a little messy. We can fix that up at the end.
Working from the outside in, tilt your head back so that your eye is nearly closed and you're looking down at yourself into the mirror. Draw a straight line from the outer corner to about 2/3 of the way in. Hold your brush parallel to your body to create a smooth line.
Fill in the blank spots
Line your inner corner. If you need to clean up the edges, you can go over the bottom with concealer on a brush. If your lines are bumpy- go over them with some matte black eyeshadow on and angled brush to smooth them out!
Add mascara. For the full effect, add some sexy false lashes.
Voila!
Still having trouble? Troubleshoot your winged liner technique with this tutorial!
St. Petersburg, FL – Savvy savers and treasure hunters will have their chance to own a piece of St. Petersburg – at least a piece of St. Petersburg property.
A variety of city-owned surplus items, including church pews and a mahogany office desk, will be sold to the highest bidder during a public auction on Saturday, July 16 at 10 a.m. at the St. Petersburg Consolidated Warehouse. The warehouse is in the Water Resources complex, 1650 Third Ave. N.
Prospective bidders may register onsite with their driver's license the day of the auction.
Items up for bid include:
Office desks
Chairs
Conference tables
Filing cabinets,
Laptop and desktop computers
Cellular and desk phones
Fax machines
Printers
Copiers
Ice cream parlor-style chairs
Fitness equipment
Items will be sold without reserve to the highest bidder and must be removed following the close of the auction. A 15 percent buyers' premium and 7 percent Florida sales tax will be added to the final bid price. Cash and checks will be accepted.
The City of St. Petersburg and the Consolidated Warehouse contracted Kennedy Brothers Auction Services to conduct the auction. Complete rules and an inventory of items are available at www.kennedybrothersauctions.com.
Image via Shutterstock
Sign up for the St. Pete Patch newsletter and alerts!
Be sure to follow us on Facebook, too!
Murdoch is selling the penthouse for $14 million more than what he paid for it. One Madison Penthouse Rupert Murdoch is moving.
After living at the very top of One Madison for a year, he's decided to move downtown - to a West Village townhouse for $25 million, Curbed reports.
That means his penthouse in the luxury high rise on the south side of Madison Square Park is on the market for $72 million.
That's $14.75 million more than what he bought the triplex for in 2014. Curbed notes that this price could break the record for downtown Manhattan's most expensive sale.
The penthouse has 7,600 square feet of space spread through three floors, five bedrooms, five and a half baths, and a wraparound terrace featuring 360 degree views of Manhattan.
The next owner of this over-the-top penthouse will also have access to One Madison's 10,000 square feet of amenities, including a 50-foot lap pool, fitness center, yoga room, screening room, and playroom for children.
Dolly Lenz has the listing.
by John Galt
August 17, 2014 18:45 ET
In what can be called one of the most audacious statements of overreach in NATO and Western central bankster history, NATO tonight announced they will start World War III if Russia attempts to send troops into Ukraine; including in the same underhanded method used in Crimea without an overt invasion by Russian forces.
The story breaking tonight on Reuters (via the Times of Oman) indicates exactly how serious this situation has become:
By Reuters
August 17, 2014 , 9 : 49 pm GST If Russia tries to infiltrate troops into a Nato country, even out of official military uniform as it did before it annexed Ukraine's Crimea, Nato will respond militarily, the alliance's top commander said in an interview published on Sunday. Soldiers wearing uniforms without national markings were deployed when Russia entered Crimea from late February. Although President Vladimir Putin initially denied involvement, he admitted in April that Russian forces had been active there. Kiev and Western governments are now waiting to see if Moscow will intervene to support besieged rebels in Ukraine's Russian-speaking east. Some defence experts have said Putin might also look to the former Soviet republics in the Baltics which have large ethnic Russian minorities, such as Estonia or Latvia. US Air Force General Philip Breedlove, Nato's Supreme Allied Commander Europe, said although Nato had no plans to intervene in non-Nato member Ukraine, Nato countries in eastern Europe needed to start preparing for a possible threat from “little green men” — referring to soldiers in unmarked uniforms. “The most important work to prepare a nation for the problem of ‘little green men', or organising of Russian (speaking)population, it happens first. It happens now,” Breedlove said in an interview published online by German newspaper Die Welt. “How do we now train, organise, equip the police forces and the military forces of (allied) nations to be able to deal with this?” he said. “If we see these actions taking place in a Nato nation and we are able to attribute them to an aggressor nation, that is Article 5. Now, it is a military response,” he said.
In other words, the United States and United Kingdom, the two remaining functional major military powers in NATO are willing to begin a path of destruction unseen since World War I but far worse on a global scale to start a world war for the Donbas region inside of Ukraine. In what this writer can only call an obscene provocation of Putin and Russia, the United States appears to be willing to risk the destruction of half of the civilized world over a region that has no strategic or economic importance relevant to the overall economic well being of the Western nations. With this statement, NATO is basically saying they can claim that they have “seen” little green men in any nation they deem worthy of fighting for under Article 5, which means claims, real or not, about Russian invaders in Poland, Estonia, or the nation of one's choice.
The warning is clear and yet Obama in his arrogance along with many of the European Union's pathetic leaders are ignoring it:
Never kick a hibernating bear in the nuts because when it wakes up, it will rip the head off of the offender anD anyone else standing close by.
This notification from NATO is a clear indication that Obama and the Federal Reserve along with their European allies are willing to start World War III over a region which is only important to ethnic Russian and the risk of killing hundreds of millions of people does not matter.
Like this: Like Loading...
Docker is the Heroku Killer
After getting an intense look at Docker last night, I firmly believe that it is going to be the most disruptive server technology that we've seen in the last few years. It fills a much-needed hole that's currently managed by very expensive solutions and it's being actively funded by some of the biggest players in the market.
Full discussion on Hacker News.
Last night I went to the Docker Meetup in Greenville for an in depth look at what it is capable of doing. After taking a peek under the hood, I came away with some strong impressions.
First, let's look at what Docker is though. Docker is classified as "an easy, lightweight virtualized environment for portable applications." Okay...so what exactly does that mean.
Basically it means that Docker is actively working to replace the need for hypervisors, virtual machines (VMs) and configuration management tools like Puppet / Chef / CFEngine in MOST cases. It does that by isolating application requirements within a Linux installation so that it's as if the Docker application is running within a VM without any of the actual overhead of a VM. Docker is coded without an abstraction layer and interacts directly with the Linux kernel. Additionally, when different containers need modified parts they reuse whatever existing libaries they can and only create independent copies for things they need to modify.
A very intensive benchmark of Docker vs KVM with OpenStack was put together a couple of weeks ago by Boden Russell. Docker wins going away with approximately a 26 to 1 performance improvement. With a VM you have a host operating system (OS), a very expensive hypervisor, and then all of the virtual machines running on top of it. The virtual machines are all booting up their own OS, managing their own processes and interacting with the layers below them. With Docker you get the majority of the benefits of a virtual machine without any of the extra overhead from running additional operating systems.
How is this disruptive to...?
I'm glad you asked.
case: Puppet/Chef/CFEngine
Configuration management tools have become a huge deal in the development stack specifically so that people can package application specific VM configurations with their code base. This allows for an entire VM to be configured to the needs of an application, and then kept up to date as those needs change.
Now, virtual machines aren't going anywhere so these tools are still going to be needed...but, where previously developers needed to be able to specify the entire configuration of a VM with one of these, Docker allows just specifying the needs of their application instead. That's much more straight forward and a whole lot simpler than locking down a Linux installation, setting up private VPNs in a cloud environment, managing port access, log aggregation, etc. With Docker, "DevOps" can separate back out to Dev/Docker and Ops/Puppet. Ops will configure a single VM with Puppet/Chef/CFEngine and developers will drop their containers on it.
This is also incredibly important for developers. Tools like Vagrant that use Puppet to configure VMs for developers locally are great...unless you're dealing with an application that has a lot of moving parts and thus a lot of VMs. Running 4-5 virtual machines on your laptop is fairly resource intensive. With Docker, you can run one VM with all of your application containers deployed to it.
case: Heroku / PaaS Providers
Heroku is awesome. Let's just get that out of the way. Heroku lets you push your code up via git, analyzes it to see what type of application it is, configures your environment and downloads all of your needed packages and then runs your processes in little isolated "Dynos". They manage the entire environment and developers get to focus on their code without having to worry about the hosting aspects of things. Their support is great and there's an entire ecosystem surrounding it for simple, scalable 3rd party integrations. When you need to scale, you can do so horizontally very easily by just adding more dynos to handle web processes, background workers, etc.
But Heroku is expensive. A single dyno is basically 1 core, with 512mb of RAM, and an additional 1gb of swap. There's also no permanent file storage (you need to use S3) and it's locked into Amazon's datacenters. The price for that is $34.50 / month.
By comparison, Digital Ocean can give me a 512mb virtual machine, 1 core, and a 20gb SSD for $5 / month. Heroku's high-end PX Dynos provide 6GB of RAM, 8 cores for approximately $552 / month. For $480 / month with Digital Ocean I can get a VM with 16 cores and 48gb of RAM as well as 480gb of SSD storage.
Now, those prices have been like that for a while but managing VMs was still a decent amount of work compared to just pushing up to Heroku. With Digital Ocean's new Docker-ready images though, I can provision a VM and deploy my little application container to an environment that will configure itself...just like Heroku. In fact, within minutes of tweeting my initial impressions of Docker I got a reply from @tutumcloud letting me know about a tool called Buildstep that uses Heroku's very own open sourced buildpacks to create a Dockerfile for your application...automatically. There's even a tool called Dokku which provides a "Docker powered mini-Heroku in around 100 lines of Bash."
case: Hypervisors
Digital Ocean isn't the only company that's working to make Docker a first class citizen either. RedHat is pushing it as part of its innovative OpenShift platform. Amazon is actively funding it as well. Eventually, you're going to see native Docker deployments in every cloud hosting company out there because it will allow them to provide that Heroku-like experience AND let them get more mileage out of their hardware. If these companies are eventually able to cut out the expensive hypervisors, it will reduce their operating costs on a large scale AND provide more resources to their customers.
You can use Docker to deploy to VMs or bare metal servers, meaning that companies like Rackspace who provide both bare metal and cloud hosting will enable their customers to have a very clean scaling path moving from resource constrained cloud servers to beastly high-end rack mounted servers.
It will also make things easier on IT departments who want to provide a cloud-like hosting experience for their development teams but want to do so in their own datacenters.
So what are the drawbacks?
There aren't many, but the biggest drawback to be aware of is that because these applications are all deployed in isolation you don't get the perks of deploying into a shared environment. For example, if you have a Dockerfile with a PHP system and deploy it, Docker will run a separate copy of apache/nginx/fpm for that PHP application. That doesn't matter much if you wanted to deploy the application to its own virtual machine anyway, but if you intended to deploy many applications to one server there are more resource efficient ways of doing that.
Application Servers like Jboss / Wildfly / Torquebox which let you deploy many JVM based applications across a managed cluster that provides background processing, queueing, messaging, and load balancing fall in the same category. You may want to have a Dockerfile to handle configuring JBoss while still deploying multiple applications to that container.
What does a Dockerfile look like?
Here's an example of a complex Dockerfile to setup Torquebox. This installs Java, installs Torquebox, creates a user, gives permission to the user to run Torquebox, sets proper environment variables, and opens all necessary ports...in about 30 lines of code.
Stop drooling. Stop it. You're going to mess up your keyboard.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.
Lady Gaga has been stripped of 156 million YouTube views after the site cleared out stats it deemed dummied up by hackers and viewcount generators.
The development comes one month after the YouTube pages of Sony and Universal lost 2 billion YouTube views, largely because YouTube decided that videos migrated to the company's VEVO pages were "dead videos". While a small portion of the views stripped from Sony and Universal were due to what YouTube calls "de-spamming the data," the vast majority were taken away as a result of Sony, Universal and EMI's decision to bet on VEVO.
As NME notes, VEVO is owned by Sony and Universal Music Group.
Other artists affected by YouTube's housekeeping include Beyonce, Michael Jackson and Chris Brown. At the time of the original clean-up, singer Leona Lewis lost 24 million views.
In July 2011, Lady Gaga's YouTube account was suspended and promptly restored. Though Google (which owns YouTube) declined to comment, a notice on her channel read that it was guilty of "multiple or severe violations of YouTube's copyright policy."
For more, head over to NME.
During my years at Northwestern as a Black male SESP undergrad, I was confronted on numerous occasions with ongoing and pervasive microaggressions around campus that impacted me in very profound ways. These interactions with individuals who appeared to represent socially advantaged groups (White, able-bodied, male) rendered me into a racial and gendered stereotype (“Are you an athlete?”) with limited finances and narrow possibilities (“You're just going to be a teacher? Well, why didn't you major in something that will actually make you rich or go someplace cheaper?”). Even though these microaggressions did not deter me from accomplishing what I sought from my four years at NU — to become an educator — those oppressions never went unnoticed and have continued to inform my experiences, especially with respect to the work I currently do as an educator at Evanston Township High School.
Last month I led a group of ETHS students who are part of the school's SOAR (Students Organized Against Racism) organization to coordinate a conference focused on identity development, racial consciousness and privilege. The conference was held on NU's campus and included over 110 students and staff members from five local high schools including ETHS. The goal of the conference was to provide high school students with tools for developing their racial consciousness and leadership for racial justice. While buying lunch at Norris, a few of our female high school students encountered a very serious and negative experience with privilege. As our students waited in line figuring out what they wanted to order, an NU student unapologetically cut them off, inserting himself to the front of the line. This individual appeared to represent the same privileged groups (White, able-bodied, male) that fueled the microaggressions I experienced during my days at NU. When politely confronted by a Norris staff member who alerted him that the young women were, in fact, next in line, the self-reported NU student said, “I'm not moving. I have class and I am entitled to be here.” The topics our students were discussing at the SOAR conference – racism, sexism, classism – came alive in that moment.
The behavior and language of the privileged continues to sustain systems of oppression at NU, and only an intentional, unified, institutional front to address it can keep NU as one of the “world's best universities.” Spending a minimum of four years and over $200,000 on an NU degree to have one's identity dehumanized and invalidated on a consistent basis by these oppressive mechanisms is not sustainable, especially given one's emotional, mental, and/or physical health. Since I've graduated from NU, I've seen my own NU experience as a Black male play out on a number of social networks: various Tumblr pages posted by NU students reporting ongoing microaggressions on campus; an increasing number of Facebook invites from NU students to attend town halls discussing cultural appropriation, racism and sexism; and repeated YikYak messages from anonymous posters on NU's campus who use the app to promote their racist, sexist, classist, homophobic and transphobic thoughts about their classmates. This climate does not make NU a ‘safe' space, or one in which I can take full pride as an alumnus. If NU is concerned about the wellbeing of its students, staff and alumni and its overall reputation as one of the world's best, it's going to need to consider how privilege is discussed and acknowledged on its own campus. I encourage NU to take the same lead as Evanston Township High School by reflecting and addressing the ways in which its own institutional systems contribute to the microaggressions and oppressions that target current and potential students and staff. Like ETHS, NU has the opportunity to become a leader in developing a racially and identity conscious community; that is something in which I can take great pride!
Even though I have much work to do in checking my own privileges, I want to stand in solidarity with NU in bringing about conscious-raising change as an alumnus. This community of oppression that exists at NU isn't unique; we see this in institutional spaces across the United States, take Sigma Alpha Epsilon at University of Oklahoma for example. As a proud NU alum and social justice advocate, I'm not okay with NU's lack of public and ubiquitous institutional commitment to make changes to address these attacks on Other(ed) individuals — everybody should be working on a unified front to make NU a safe space. The institutional message at NU should be one that inspires every student, faculty member, administrator, police officer, alumni or parent to do the work necessary to create change. If this commitment doesn't become NU's main priority, then NU will be the next University of Oklahoma, a common trend amongst institutions of “higher learning.”
Seeking Critical Consciousness,
Corey Winchester, SESP '10
Comments
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte is not overly concerned Diego Costa will receive a ban for his fifth booking at some stage this season and believes the Spain international is still improving in this area of his game.
Costa has been a key figure for Chelsea this campaign and has already netted four times in as many Premier League outings.
He has also been booked three times, though, and is now just two yellow cards away from a suspension.
"Diego Costa is on three yellow cards and he is two cards away from a ban. But I am not too worried about this," Conte said at a news conference ahead of Friday's match against Liverpool.
"Diego is still growing in this area. He showed a great attitude in our last game [against Swansea City] in a difficult situation. Diego is a passionate man and I want him to put this passion in his game in the right way. And he is doing just this.
"It is hard to tell your players that they have to pay attention because they risk a ban. Diego is aware of this. It is important for him not to get booked for strange situations.
"It can happen for tackles and when it is necessary. He is an important player for us.
"But we also have Michy Batshuayi, who is also a good player and is ready to show what he can do. Plus we have Ruben [Loftus-Cheek] who can play in this position."
In case you hadn't noticed by now, demand for access to Google+ is astronomic right now, and when demand for something is exceeded supply, the scammers and others looking to make a quick buck will undoubtedly come out to play.
There's no difference here. Access to Google+ is currently on sale on eBay for prices ranging between$0.99 and $27 by a number of sellers claiming to offer ‘instant delivery'.
That a market has emerged for access to the new social service isn't surprising, but given that the rate at which people are being let into the service is being controlled by Google, the chance that you'll actually get the ‘immediate access' the eBay sellers are promising is slim. What's more, even if the person you hand your cash over does get you in, you'll be paying for something that Google will give you for free. As soon as they can.
The easiest way to get into Google+ is detailed here – just get someone to you know to share a post with you by email from Google+ – you'll then get an email which will finger crossed let you in right away, if you're lucky.
Read next: TNW's Daily Dose - 24 hours of tech news in 5 minutes [Audio]
One of the most dystopian trends in recent years is the crowdsourcing of emergency expenses online. People need surgery, can't afford it, and are tasked with fundraising their own medical bills. Now you can ask for money directly on Facebook.
A lot of crowdfunding focuses on pie-in-the-sky dreams of developing a new invention, making a movie, producing an album, or other whimsical projects, but there's been a growing trend to use fundraising platforms like GoFundMe for fundamental expenses, particularly in emergencies. I've seen friends whose family members were in car accidents and needed to fundraise to pay for treatment and recovery. Just this morning a friend on Facebook launched a campaign for some kind of reconstructive bone surgery. It's a brutal illustration of a broken medical system that forces individuals to ask for money just to live.
Advertisement
Anyway, Facebook has new fundraising tools.
If you want to launch a campaign you're limited to a few categories: education, medical, pets medical, crisis relief, personal emergency, and funerals. It's nice that communities can come together to help each other in times of need, but I find it sad that we don't already provide for such basic necessities. Please like and share if you agree.
When Postmedia CEO Paul Godfrey went cap in hand to Ottawa, seeking tax relief and government incentives to save his company, few observers could contain their mirth. Yet nobody connected the dots to the fresh Panama Papers revelations, the massive global tax evasion story that broke just three days earlier.
Canadian journalists, it seems, have not yet solved the murder of their own profession.
Do Google and Facebook pay tax on Canadian earnings?
Let's start with the federal government's own ad spend on daily newspapers. In the seven years since 2008/09, it's plummeted from 18 per cent of the government's advertising budget to less than one per cent today.
In a pattern repeated across the advertising sector, Canadian print media hemorrhaged millions of dollars to the government's online advertising, which now swallows some $14 million (or 27 per cent) of the total spend. The bleeding hasn't stopped, as mobile advertising continues to overtake print media at a spectacular pace. Online advertising is now dominated by Facebook and Google.
AP Photo of Google at Alta Avenue
That puts costly investigative journalism on life-support, and these two companies are pulling the plug.
Yet despite their substantial sales and marketing operations in Canada, both companies process all transactions in US dollars directly to their US headquarters.
Neither charges GST.
So here are the Panama Papers questions Canadians should be asking:
Do Google and Facebook receive federal government ad revenue, and if so, are they taxed on that income?
Do they pay any tax here on their Canadian earnings?
France has the same question.
France raids Google in tax fraud investigation
In the early morning hours on Tuesday, 100 French police, including five magistrates and 25 forensic IT specialists, raided Google's Paris headquarters as part of an ongoing tax fraud investigation.
Video of Google&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#039;s Paris offices searched in tax fraud probe: police
Video of police raid in Google's Paris headquarters on May 24, 2016 by AFP
Prosecutors said that their investigation “aims to verify whether Google Ireland Ltd has a permanent base in France and if, by not declaring parts of its activities carried out in France, it failed its fiscal obligations, including on corporate tax and value added tax.”
The valued added tax, or VAT, is Europe's GST. Sound familiar?
Google didn't respond to questions from National Observer asking how much it collects in sales taxes and how much it pays to the Canadian government.
It told Reuters this week that it complies "fully with French law."
While not named in the Panama Papers, Facebook and Google are engulfed in its European firestorm due to their use of the same aggressive tax strategies. They employ Irish corporate entities and Caribbean tax havens to drive their tax rate virtually out of existence.
Last year the Guardian reported that Facebook's total 2014 UK tax remittance was less than $7000, which happens to be less than the tax bill of the average British wage-earner. Using its network of corporate entities in Ireland and Cayman, Facebook had reportedly collected more than $1 billion in UK earnings tax-free out of the country, according to the Daily Mail.
Facebook pays $7,000 tax to UK, hands out $534 million in employee bonuses
That same year, according to Reuters, Google sheltered some $15 billion (CAD) in Bermuda. Its corporate tax rate has been reported as low as 2.4 per cent. And it's not paid to the countries that generate the income.
The Guardian reported in March that the European Commission is set to table legislation forcing Google, Facebook, Apple and other large multinationals to publicly disclose their profit and tax arrangements with each of the EU governments where they operate.
When overwhelming public outcry drove tax reforms in the UK, Google was compelled to pay $240 million in back taxes. This deal still drew harsh criticism. Meantime, Facebook has similarly been forced to invoice most sales through Facebook UK rather than the Irish affiliate.
Although that arrangement was expected to yield hundreds of millions in tax to UK coffers going forward, Facebook immediately offset its UK tax liability by declaring an award of $534 million (CAD) in bonuses to its UK employees over the next three years.
When asked to provide details about its tax planning in Canada and abroad, Facebook told National Observer in a statement: “We have always, and will continue, to meet our tax obligations everywhere we operate.”
France's Tuesday gambit is a signal that Europe has had it with the shell games.
Canada should join them.
Instead of asking the federal government to provide his own company with tax incentives and subsidies, Paul Godfrey should ask them to level the playing field and tax Facebook and Google.
Such a move would generate some serious cash. With combined global earnings set to top $100 billion this year, Facebook and Google's Canadian sales are likely to exceed $1 billion, including multi-million dollar federal, provincial and municipal government contracts. The GST alone would make a serious dent.
And all Canadian government ad earnings should be declared and taxed right here at home, period. We have no business subsidizing American tech giants at the expense of Canadian news organizations.
Google and Facebook are, respectively, the world's 2nd and 5th largest publicly traded companies, with a combined value over $800 billion. Yes, a billion.
Postmedia's market valuation has crashed from $1.1 billion in 2010 to less than $10 million. It employs about 3000 workers, precariously, for now.
Facebook is the same size, in market capitalization terms, as the entire North American auto sector, which directly employs one million workers. Facebook employs fewer than 13,000.
They produce no content, they employ almost no one, and it's immaterial to them if users read the New York Times or watch panda videos. Because users aren't their customers. Their customers are advertisers.
Google and Facebook have invented the world's most diabolically ingenious advertising platform and presented the rest of the world's media with a Sophie's Choice: get on our platform and die, or stay off our platform and die.
Either way, their business model relies on implicit tax subsidies paid by the very people whose jobs they're eliminating.
Call in the CRA
The irony in all this is that it took months and even years of diligent and tenacious investigative journalism to break these stories of unconscionable tax avoidance.
This kind of professional reporting can't be done on Twitter by an amateur with a laptop, or even by a young J-school grad. The journalism that broke these stories required experienced hands, legal and financial training, painstaking cultivation of anonymous sources, and a platform for widely delivering the message. It took a financial model that supports and develops those skills.
The kind of journalism that broke the Google and Facebook tax stories and the Panama Papers and Watergate and Edward Snowden is a bulwark of democracy, safeguarding the integrity of our public and financial institutions, and holding the powerful to account.
And Facebook and Google are roasting it over an open flame, preparing to savour its liver with a nice Chianti.
Time to pick up the phone to Europe, and then the CRA.
Because there's more at stake here than just money.
According to a new study released by the Pew Research Center, 62 per cent of Americans now get their news from social media websites. The study also says that 44 per cent of the general population is getting its news from Facebook.
While it's impossible to turn back time and fully revive the business model of old school newspapers, they were more than just a business.
A free press is the only industry that is constitutionally enshrined in our Charter of Rights and Freedoms. That provision is there to protect democracy, not shareholder value.
We all have a dog in that fight.
With files from Valentina Ruiz Leotaud
EXCLUSIVE: In a very competitive situation, with multiple film and TV studios and producers pursuing, we hear that Universal Cable Prods. has landed rights to Gimlet Media's breakout new fictional podcast Homecoming for Mr. Robot creator/executive producer Sam Esmail to develop as a TV series via his overall deal at the studio. Anonymous Content, which produces Mr. Robot with UCP, also is coming on board to produce.
We hear major A-list actors, including some who have not done television before, are already circling the hot project, which is being packaged for sale to premium cable and SVOD buyers and is expected to be taken out to market early in 2017.
Presented in a collage of telephone calls, therapy sessions, and overheard conversations, the Homecoming podcast, whose star cast is led by Catherine Keener and also includes Oscar Isaac, David Schwimmer, Amy Sedaris and David Cross, is a political thriller that centers on a caseworker (Keener) at a secret government facility, her ambitious supervisor (Schwimmer), and a soldier (Isaacs) desperate to rejoin civilian life . The six-part experimental-fiction podcast has drawn a lot of attention since debuting on November 16, with new episodes released every week.
The TV series version will be produced by Esmail through his production company Esmail Corp; as well as Mr. Robot executive producer Chad Hamilton of Anonymous Content; Eli Horowitz and Micah Bloomberg, creators of the podcast; Alicia Van Couvering; and Alex Blumberg, Matt Lieber, and Chris Giliberti of Gimlet Media.
We hear that others who chased rights to Homecoming include Sony TV/writer Michelle MacLaren, 20th TV/Matt Reeves & Michael De Luca, as well as TriStar on the feature side for George Clooney and his Smokehouse banner.
Podcast network Gimlet Media was launched in 2014 by Blumberg, a former producer for This American Life, and Matt Lieber. This is the second big TV sale for the company in a competitive situation. In August, Start Up, a single-camera comedy based on Blumberg's podcast of the same name, starring and directed by Zach Braff, written by Matt Tarses and produced by Sony TV/Davis Entertainment, landed at ABC with a put pilot commitment.
Podcasts increasing are becoming viable IP source materials. Last year, Fox 21 acquired rights to pop culture phenom Serial for a TV series produced by Chris Miller & Phil Lord.
Homecoming was packaged by CAA,which also reps Esmail. Bloomberg is repped by APA.
Mike Fleming Jr. contributed to this report.
TEL AVIV – The Obama administration was instrumental in facilitating a partnership deal that will see billions of dollars in trade flow between the European Union and Syria that may revitalize Damascus' stagnant economy, Egyptian and other Palestinian diplomatic sources told WND.
U.S. opposition was a main factor in the deal being delayed since it was drawn up as a draft pact in 2004. The deal is worth an estimated $7 billion a year for the Syrian economy. The Bush administration was particularly opposed to Syria's interference in Lebanese affairs and Damascus' military alliance with Iran.
According to the Egyptian and Palestinian diplomatic sources, the Obama administration dropped American opposition to the deal without first extracting a concession from Syria to end its alliance with Iran.
The sources told WND the White House received pledges from Syria to collaborate with the West in Lebanon and Iraq and to play a more constructive role in the Middle East.
“Syria was clear there was no promise to end its ties to Iran,” said a diplomatic source.
Yesterday, diplomats told the AFP and Al Jazeera the EU will sign the partnership deal with Syria later this month.
“The deal is due to be signed with Syria on October 26 in Luxembourg,” said the diplomat, at a meeting of EU foreign ministers.
The Egyptian and Palestinian officials speaking to WND confirmed the deal.
WND first quoted a Syrian official in 2008 stating that if the U.S. dropped its opposition to the EU trade deal and built up Damascus as the primary American ally in the Arab world in place of Saudi Arabia, the Syrians would be willing to discuss scaling back alliances with Iran and making peace with Israel.
Apparently, however, Syria bargained with the Obama administration without having to affect its Iran ties.
“Syria is the key to the Arab world. We have influence with Hezbollah and Lebanon and hold many cards in the Palestinian and Iraqi arenas. The U.S. needs to rethink the value of the investment it places in Saudi Arabia,” said the official, who spoke in 2008 by phone from Damascus on condition his name be withheld.
He said Syria is willing to sign a treaty with Israel and come to some sort of accommodation regarding the strategic Golan Heights, mountainous territory looking down on Israeli population centers that Syria used twice to launch ground invasions into the Jewish state.
The official claimed the Golan was not “the biggest obstacle” in preventing a Syrian-American-Israeli agreement.
He claimed Syria would “not categorically reject the idea of leasing some sections of the Golan to Israel for up to 99 years.”
He said in 2008 that Damascus would discuss severing “many ties” with Iran, but he would not specify which ties and whether Syria is willing to cut off all coordination with the Iranians.
“We are ready to significantly and deeply reduce relations with our Iranian brothers if conditions are met,” the official said.
Special offers:
Israel already done for? Read “The Late Great State of Israel”
“Schmoozing with Terrorists: From Hollywood to the Holy Land Jihadists Reveal their Global Plans – to a Jew!”
Definitive work on Mideast – available only here!
“Everlasting Hatred: The Roots of Jihad”
“The Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam (and the Crusades)”
“Israel in Crisis”
“Myths and Facts: A Guide to the Arab-Israeli Conflict”
Perfect gift! Compass that points to Jerusalem
We got a chance to view the very first footage from AMC's The Walking Dead and it's pretty frightening. Its gritty realism is taken directly from the graphic novels. Also, Bear McCreary was unveiled as the show's new composer!
Here's what we saw:
Opening with crows picking at an animal, it's immediately obvious that this is gonna be a damn creepy ride.
Advertisement
Rick Grimes (played by Andrew Lincoln) is on the job. We see the sheriff's deputy before he's shot and trapped inside the hospital of nightmares.
His brain flips through a barrage of snapshots from his past life and what we assume is the state of the current world outside before he pops awake. Rick falls out of his bed and enters a hallway where the sterility has been marred by blood and body parts. He looks up, and there's the pic we've seen of the poorly worded door holding out zombies: "Don't open. Dead inside."
Advertisement
Our hero stumbles outside and encounters a slew of covered dead bodies behind the hospital. Here it gets jumpy. We see Rick searching his empty house for his family, and chatting with Lennie James' Tyrese while trying to wrap his mind around the truth of what is going on in their corner of the world.
"You know about the dead people, right?" Tyrese asks Rick. "It's not the dead ones you have to worry bout, it's the walkings."
And he points our hero toward Atlanta, shuffling him out the door and warning him to shoot anything, no matter how hard that may soon seem.
Advertisement
There's some "filler" (by which I mean awesome footage) of Rick kicking ass and killing zombies, stringing up a non-zombiefied man and facing down a tiny adorable little zombie girl in a pink bathrobe as she clutches her Teddy and heads toward him.
Shot on Super 16, in what Frank Darabont endearingly describes as "film grain creepy" zombie style, the grit is the most striking part of the footage. It embraces the underlying graphic novel roots and exemplifies the messy deaths we're gonna get to see.
We get a glimpse at Rick's family, struggling in Atlanta as the zombies infect that town too. They're trying to warn people to stay away exactly as we see Rick on his horse riding down the desolate interstate toward the city.
Advertisement
The footage ends with Rick warding off one zombie, then a couple, then a few and finally trapping himself inside a tank in downtown Atlanta with a horde closing in on him.
Definitely a lack of blood and guts, but as the showrunners tell it, the footage shown is misleading and cleaned up all because Comic-Con is a family show.
Good thing AMC is a cable network, because all I want is blood and gory, gory deaths.
President Barack Obama has renewed the declaration of emergency over the United States that his predecessor George W. Bush first proclaimed following the al-Qaeda terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The President explained that terrorist actions "continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy and economy of the United States."
"I have sent to the Federal Register… the enclosed notice stating that the national emergency with respect to persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism declared in Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001, is to continue in effect beyond September 23, 2015," Obama stated in a letter sent on Friday.
The letter was sent to Speaker of the House of Representatives John Boehner and to Vice President Joe Biden in his role as President of the Senate, the White House Press Office stated.
"The crisis constituted by the grave acts of terrorism and threats of terrorism committed by foreign terrorists, including the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001… has not been resolved," Obama stated.
© AP Photo / B.K. Bangash More Civilians Killed by US Drone Strikes Than Al-Qaeda Terrorists
Obama noted the state of emergency needed to be continued, but did not offer any date or estimate as to when, if ever, it might be lifted.
"I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13224 with respect to persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism," he said.
The state of emergency has now been in force for almost 14 years — as long as US participation in World War II, the Korean war and the Vietnam War combined.
The source of these stories? Reporters, as always, were being pitched to by the gun lobby--specifically the National Shooting Sports Foundation (NSSF) and the National Rifle Association (NRA). Here's the funny thing, though. The gun lobby doesn't actually provide any gun sales data to the media. The NSSF (the trade association for the gun industry) and the NRA have this data--because gun manufacturers have to understand what their dealers are selling in order to produce the proper amount of product and maximize profits. But the gun lobby has blocked public access to this information for decades. Instead, they offer reporters data on background checks run through the FBI's National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS).
The problem is that the FBI has made it patently clear that this is not gun sales data ("These statistics represent the number of background checks initiated through the NICS. They do not represent the number of firearms sold."). Why is that the case? For the following reasons, among others:
Thousands of background checks each year result in denials when it is determined that individuals in question are prohibited under federal and/or state law from purchasing firearms. So the checks are run, but the guns are never actually sold.
Background checks are performed under a number of circumstances that do not involve gun sales. For example, when an individual pawns a weapon and later redeems it, federal law mandates that a background check be performed on that individual.
Millions of background checks are run each year on individuals applying for permits to carry a concealed handgun, or individuals who already have such permits (to determine if there have been updates in their criminal records that might disqualify them). Some states like Utah and Kentucky are now running their concealed carry databases through the NICS system on a quarterly or monthly basis.
Transactions are sometimes stopped at the point of sale because of declined payments (i.e., bad checks, canceled/refused credit cards, etc.).
Some states prescribe a waiting period for firearm sales. Sometimes, individuals never return to pick up a gun(s) after that period is concluded.
Thousands of checks each year involve the purchase of multiple firearms. This means that background check statistics are understating firearm sales in some cases. But typically this is not a large number. Out of 14,320,489 background checks reported by the FBI in 2010, only 180,609 involved the purchase of multiple firearms.
In some states, a concealed handgun permit exempts permit holders from having to undergo additional background checks when they purchase new firearms. Currently, there is no way to track such sales.
FBI background check statistics encompass the sale of both new and second-hand firearms. Federally licensed firearms dealers frequently sell used firearms, as do unlicensed private sellers. And some states require background checks to be conducted on the private sales of firearms. How many used firearms are included in the FBI's background check data? It's impossible to tell. But no other industry in America would include used/second-hand merchandise in its reporting of sales for a given year. It would be the equivalent of Sony including used televisions hocked through Craigslist in its sales figures.
There are instances in which the NICS database is checked multiple times for a single firearms purchase application. This would happen, for example, when there is confusion about the identity of an individual because his/her name receives multiple hits in the NICS database (e.g., an individual named John Michael Smith initially submits an application without his full middle name and causes a check to be run on a different John M. Smith). NICS also technically consists of three separate databases (the National Crime Information Center, the Interstate Identification Index, and the NICS Index) and if any one of those databases is down at a given time, checks will frequently be repeated to make sure all databases have been queried.
When you screen out certain categories of NICS data that clearly do not represent gun sales (pawn transactions, concealed handgun permit checks, administrative oversight), you come up with a very different set of numbers than what is being reported in the national media. The following is a computation of FBI reporting of background checks representing "Handgun Sales," "Long Gun Sales," "Multiple Sales," and "Other Sales" (which the FBI defines as "frames, receivers and other firearms that are not either handguns or long guns...such as firearms having a pistol grip that expel a shotgun shell, or National Firearms Act firearms"). Note the figures in parentheses on the right. These are rates of (potential) gun sales per capita utilizing annual U.S. population data:
2011: 10,037,110 (3,217 per 100,000)
2010: 8,753,555 (2,835 per 100,000)
2009: 8,927,138 (2,907 per 100,000)
2008: 8,426,245 (2,771 per 100,000)
2007: 7,530,727 (2,499 per 100,000)
2006: 7,361,033 (2,467 per 100,000)
2005: 6,935,952 (2,346 per 100,000)
2004: 6,599,292 (2,253 per 100,000)
2003: 6,333,371 (2,182 per 100,000)
2002: 6,347,492 (2,206 per 100,000)
2001: 7,207,720 (2,528 per 100,000)
2000: 7,067,634 (2,504 per 100,000)
1999: 7,857,932 (2,816 per 100,000)
As you can see, over the past 13 years, the per capita "sales" figure has fluctuated between a high of 3,217 per 100,000 in 2011 and a low of 2,182 per 100,000 in 2003. But there have been no "dramatic" spikes in either direction dating back to the final two years of the Clinton administration.
But let me stress again... Even these revised figures only provide a very crude estimate of gun sales in the United States (for the reasons listed above). At the moment, we do not have enough information to accurately assess the number of guns being sold each year in the United States. By itself, the FBI's background check system cannot provide an accurate sales figure. So while 2011 could very well turn out to be the best year for gun sales dating back to 1998, a great deal more research would have to be done to arrive definitively at that conclusion.
So why do the NSSF and NRA continue to refuse to give reporters access to actual sales data (which they get from every other industry in America)? The answer to that question is obvious. The gun lobby is desperate to perpetuate its image as The Lobby That Cannot Be Crossed by Politicians in the face of a very harsh reality: Declining gun ownership in the United States.
The number of Americans who own firearms has been steadily declining over the past 30 years. According to the General Social Survey (GSS), the most respected source of data on social trends in the U.S., just 20.8% of Americans owned a firearm in 2010. This is down substantially from the 1980 figure of 29%. GSS data also soundly debunks another specious claim that the gun lobby circulates to the media--that gun ownership among women is on the rise. In reality, gun ownership among American women has remained flat over the past three decades, with 10.5% of women reporting owning firearms in 1980 compared to 9.9% in 2010.
With fewer Americans choosing to own firearms, the gun industry understands that it must sell additional firearms to people who are already gun owners. To this end, the NRA has dramatically ratcheted up the promotion of gun confiscation conspiracy theories since the election of Democratic President Barack Obama. What started with the NRA's pledge to spend $15 million to defeat Obama in 2008 and a website called "GunBaNObama" has led to increasingly outlandish and paranoid attacks designed to promote gun sales. As Fox News' Follow the Money segment noted on January 4, "President Obama is the reason" for the upward trend in background checks since 2008, because the NRA has convinced some gun owners that he is "going to go after [their] guns."
The reality, however, is that the guy buying his second assault rifle or third handgun isn't a new gun owner. And sales of used or second-hand guns are not new sales--and no self-respecting industry would treat them as such. By purposely hiding actual data about gun sales in America, the gun lobby is attempting to reinforce its oversize reputation and make the industry look like a more politically potent force than it actually is.
How much longer will the combination of lazy (or sensationalist) reporting, along with the NRA's desire to prop up its gun industry benefactors, lead to widespread misinformation about the state of gun sales in America? We can all appreciate that reporters need stories, and "sexy" material brings ratings, but it's time to correct the record. If Microsoft or Ford tried to send a reputable news outlet information on some tangential metric and pitch it as "sales data"--while simultaneously blocking access to the real figures--they would be laughed at and deemed backwards. It's time to hold the gun industry to the same adult standard.
If you are the sort of church that has a long association with a famous bridge, it is possibly not that surprising that you might have a large model of said bridge in your building.
Such is the church of St Magnus the Martyr next to new London Bridge, and once at the end of the old London Bridge, before it was torn down in 1831.
There have been churches of some sort on the site since Time Immemorial (in the literal sense) and the current incumbent is one of Sir Christopher Wren's rather better buildings following the Great Fire of London with a very distinctive bell tower, and the later addition of a dramatic clock.
At the time of reconstruction the church stood right at the end of London Bridge, and the front of the clock tower was flat with the narrow road. When the buildings were stripped off the Bridge to make it easier for road traffic, the church tower now blocked the new pavements – so they cut an arch in the bottom and demolished the side buildings – and that is now the entrance to the church.
Although a Church of England property, it has strong Catholic leanings inside, thanks to the influence of a vicar in the early 20th century, but it is the model of London Bridge which makes the church more famous today.
Donated fairly recently, it was presented to the Church by the Worshipful Company of Plumbers in 1987 – and depicts the Bridge as it would have appeared in around 1400. There are over 900 people depicted on the Bridge amongst the buildings, and King Henry V can be seen entering the City of London from the Southwark side.
Apparently, one of the tiny figures is in modern policeman's uniform – although I couldn't see which one. Then again I didn't look that long.
Another curiosity of the church though has me somewhat baffled, as I cannot recall having ever seen it in other churches, although researching it shows that the custom was once commonplace.
On either side of the main entrance are four shelves, each with a loaf of bread on it, of varying age. Obviously there is a Biblical relationship, but according to the website, these were placed there on Saturdays for for distribution to the poor after Sunday morning service.
I can only presume from the state of the dusty loafs that the poor of the City are not too keen on their donation. Then again, they are now so stale that they could probably make quite solid projectiles if some malcontent youths want to have a riot against the City bankers.
The church is open for visiting and for prayer Tuesday to Friday 10am to 4pm – with services at lunchtime. Some more photos here.
As the epidemic continues, the Cuban medical mission that played an important role in detecting it presses on in Haiti, winning accolades from donors and diplomats for staying on the front lines and undertaking a broader effort to remake this country's shattered health care system.
Paul Farmer, the United Nations deputy special envoy to Haiti and a founder of Partners in Health, which has worked extensively on health care in Haiti, said the Cubans sounded an important early alarm about the outbreak, helping to mobilize health officials and lessen the death toll.
Even more, while the death rate peaked last December and the world's attention has largely moved on, “Half of the NGOs are already gone, and the Cubans are still there,” he said, using the abbreviation for nongovernment organizations.
Cuban doctors have worked in Haiti since 1998, when 100 arrived after a hurricane as part of Cuba's five-decade program of establishing international medical missions. Since then, Cuba has worked with Haiti and Venezuela and lately Brazil, Norway and other countries to build and provide staff and equipment for several dozen small community hospitals, clinics and other treatment centers.
The Cubans have sent doctors abroad since the 1960s as a form of “medical diplomacy” that brings badly needed doctors to remote areas of poor countries, mainly in Africa, as well as to allied countries like Venezuela, while sowing international solidarity, said Katrin Hansing, a Baruch College professor who is writing a book on Cuban overseas aid.
“It gives them a lot of political capital in the developing world, to keep up that heroic image of Cuba against the United States, that despite the embargo they still champion help to less-developed countries,” she said.
It has also been an important source of foreign currency for Cuba, with earnings from the export of medical services, including 37,000 health workers overseas, estimated at more than $2 billion. Ms. Hansing said that these days the Cubans typically ask host countries to pay a sliding scale that averages $2,500 per doctor, per month. But Haiti, she said, is one of a few countries that are not charged.
Photo
There is no doubt that the Cuban mission has been vital here. It was among the largest international aid contingents to respond after the January 2010 earthquake that tumbled Haiti into crisis. And since the cholera outbreak, the mission has treated more than 76,000 cases of the disease, with just 272 fatalities — a much lower ratio, at 0.36 percent, than the average across Haiti as a whole, in which 1.4 percent of cases ended in death, according to the Health Ministry.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We work a lot on the education of the population,” said Dr. Lorenzo Somarriba, the chief of the Cuban medical mission. “We send people to the homes of the victims and educate them on the disease and provide them with tabs to clean the water. This is absolutely vital.” Such purification tablets have been critical in a country where treated water is rare.
Indeed, here in Mirebalais the team has not seen a fatal cholera case since December, he said.
It is a success the Cubans eagerly promote, with Fidel Castro issuing several “reflections,” personal commentaries that appear in state-run media and Web sites, chronicling the group's endeavors and achievements.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
For the doctors at the heart of it, the salaries are meager by American standards, roughly $500 per month, Ms. Hansing said. But they do not pay room and board abroad, and they get to travel the world — a perk few Cubans are allowed — and usually get to import goods from the countries they visit tax-free.
They are not allowed to bring their families with them, but the other incentives make it “a pretty good deal,” she said, that has helped keep down defections. Still, a program the United States has run since 2006 that is tailored to attract Cuban medical professionals abroad has enticed several hundred to defect.
Several of the doctors, many of them recent medical school graduates, said they simply relished the chance to practice what they had only heard about from textbooks and take on big responsibilities they would have to wait years for at home.
“We knew cholera from school, but it was hard to believe and see it here because Haiti didn't have it before,” said Dr. Robert Pardo Guibert, 29, who directs a clinic in nearby Hinche. “But it is amazing because we treat everything here, every day there are different kinds of cases.”
Dr. Quiñones has traveled to Venezuela and Pakistan and, though he misses his family — he is not due to return to Cuba until May — the recognition from the Haitians helps sustain him emotionally. “The simple cases are the most gratifying,” he said.
The Haitians under treatment here, just grateful to have doctors, do not seem to care what nationality the physicians are.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“They provide good service,” said Mercidieu Desire, 33, who was being treated for diarrhea that doctors concluded was not cholera. “I came in, they treated me and I feel better.”
Still, the geopolitical theme of David vs. Goliath that permeates almost everything involving Cuban foreign affairs is present in this effort, as well.
After Hurricane Katrina, the Cubans offered to send 1,500 doctors to the United States. When there was no reply, Mr. Castro publicly lamented being spurned and created the Henry Reeve medical brigade, named after an American doctor who fought for Cuba's independence, that would assist in natural disasters around the world.
In Haiti, the Cubans have asked the United States to help finance a $30 million major hospital for specialists that would be staffed in part by Cuban doctors as part of the broader effort that Cuba and other nations have undertaken to remake the health system here. But after intense rounds of talks — with both sides claiming last-minute changes to the arrangement — no deal has emerged.
“Recovery in Haiti is a broad international effort, and we have been in touch with many other governments, including Cuba, to advance health sector support to Haiti, but we have not entered into any agreements with the Cubans,” Jon E. Piechowski, a spokesman for the American Embassy, said in a statement.
Since 1965, the Nebula Awards are given each year by the Science Fiction Writers of America for outstanding works of science fiction, fantasy, or related fiction genre. This year's presentation was held at the Washington Hilton in Washington D.C. Tor.com would like to extend hearty congratulations to all the winners and nominees!
TOASTMASTER: Michael Swanwick
SHORT STORY
NOVELETTE
NOVELLA
NOVEL
BRADBURY AWARD the BEST DRAMATIC PRODUCTION
WINNER: Inception, Christopher Nolan (director), Christopher Nolan (screenplay) (Warner)
Despicable Me, Pierre Coffin & Chris Renaud (directors), Ken Daurio & Cinco Paul (screenplay), Sergio Pablos (story) (Illumination Entertainment)
Doctor Who: “Vincent and the Doctor,” Richard Curtis (writer), Jonny Campbell (director)
How to Train Your Dragon, Dean DeBlois & Chris Sanders (directors), William Davies, Dean DeBlois, & Chris Sanders (screenplay) (DreamWorks Animation)
Scott Pilgrim Vs. the World, Edgar Wright (director), Michael Bacall & Edgar Wright (screenplay) (Universal)
Toy Story 3, Lee Unkrich (director), Michael Arndt (screenplay), John Lasseter, Andrew Stanton, & Lee Unkrich (story) (Pixar/Disney)
ANDRE NORTON AWARD
THE SOLSTICE AWARD (for impact on the field)
WINNER: Alice Sheldon/James Tiptree, JR.
WINNER: Michael Whelan
SERVICE TO SFWA
Fox News says Donald Trump is scared of facing Megyn Kelly at Thursday night's Republican primary debate.
The missive came hours after Trump told CNN's Wolf Blitzer that he would consider skipping this Thursday's Republican primary debate if he doesn't get fair treatment from Kelly, who he said treats him "very unfairly."
"Sooner or later Donald Trump, even if he's president, is going to have to learn that he doesn't get to pick the journalists -- we're very surprised he's willing to show that much fear about being questioned by Megyn Kelly," the network said in a statement.
Related: Donald Trump goes after Megyn Kelly again
Trump has been accusing Kelly of unfair treatment ever since he stepped off stage at the first Fox News debate in August.
But he's ratcheted up those attacks in recent days in an apparent attempt to influence the Fox News moderators ahead of Thursday's debate.
"I don't like her. She doesn't treat me fairly. I'm not a big fan of hers at all," Trump said during Monday's interview. He also claimed that he "might be the best thing that ever happened to her," because no one had ever heard of her before the August debate.
Trump also suggested he might skip the debate unless he was confident Kelly would treat him fairly, but then walked back those remarks: "That doesn't mean I don't do the debate. I like doing the debates. I've won every single debate according to every poll."
And last week, Trump tweeted that Kelly "should not be allowed" to moderate the debate because of her "conflict of interest and bias."
Fox News responded to that tweet unequivocally: "Megyn Kelly has no conflict of interest," the network said. "Donald Trump is just trying to build up the audience for Thursday's debate, for which we thank him," Fox said.
What: Release party for Ubuntu 9.10 Karmic Koala
Where: Globe Bar & Grill
565 Boylston St
Boston, MA 02116
(617) 778-6993
When: November 7th, 2009 7pm till we pass out (No Longer on the 29th, DO NOT COME ON THE 29th)
Who: YOU! There will also be other Ubunteros, developers, geeks, fans, delicious foods, and tasty beers
Unfortunately, we don't have the upper floor reserved for just us like we have in the past.
Answers to All Your Questions
Finger foods will be available (feel free to donate a few bucks). Servers will be around for dinner from the menu, and drinks so bring plenty of cash.
How do I get there?
Google Maps( Street View ) to 565 Boylston St, Boston, MA. The nearest T stop is the Copley Square stop on the Green Line.
We will be on the mezzanine, just go all the way back past the bar and bathrooms and up the stairs.
I don't run Ubuntu yet. Should I come?
Sure. Bring a laptop. You can try not get beer spilled on it and we can try to set you up with KarmicKoala.
I still have friends who don't use Ubuntu. Can they come?
Sure. Tell them to bring their laptop. See above.
RSVP
If you are planning on attending, please add your name to the list below. Feel free to come anyway, we are just looking for an estimate.
Bill R (probable)
Dmitri S (hell yes)
Rich (Absolutely)
Sindhudweep S (probable)
Michael M (probable)
James G (yes barring a major disaster of some kind)
Martin Owens
Daniel Dolinov
RM McCollam
If you are embarrassed that all your Windows friends will find out about your Ubuntu habit you can RSVP in secret by emailing Martin Owens at doctormo@gmail.com.
See you there!
This six-year-old's message in a bottle sent from London was found in Denmark (Picture: Twitter/TideLineArt)
There's something incredibly romantic about a message in a bottle.
It signifies a time where there were no phones and there was a slim chance of it ever returning back to you.
Not in this day and age – as this six-year-old has found out.
When Freddy Marr innocently released the bottle in the sea, he definitely didn't expect it to wash up on the shores of Denmark.
But it did.
The bottle was discovered by Carsten Hornecker as he walked along the coast of Udsholt Strand in Denmark.
Wanting to tell the boy that his bottle had been found, Hornecker shared a picture of the bottle on Facebook last Tuesday, which has since gone viral.
Six degrees of separation… who knows Freddy Marr from London https://t.co/u1q8DcutBx — Graham Hill (@GrahamHill) August 4, 2016
This is awesome! #messageinabottle Anyone knows Freddy Marr age 6? https://t.co/sG5yp1zA0U — matt hope (@MattHope_) August 4, 2016
hello Brit friends, RT please? Help find Freddy Marr, age 6, of London, who put a message in a bottle! https://t.co/MpPjZfr3RR — Maryn McKenna (@marynmck) August 4, 2016
The internet duly came together to spread the word of Freddy's message in the hope that he would be found.
Advertisement
Advertisement
And, thankfully, it seems Freddy's family have been tracked down.
MORE: ‘World's biggest asshole' has an important message about organ donation
UPDATE-Thankyou to our Lostbox community. A friend of Freddy's family spotted our post❤️Anybody know FREDDY MARR, 6… Posted by Lostbox on Thursday, August 4, 2016
In a twist to the message-in-a-bottle experience, a Facebook page for lost and found items posted an update saying they had managed to track down the sender of the note.
Lostbox wrote that a friend of Freddy's family had spotted their post and got in touch with them.
Aww, we can't wait till he finds out.
MORE: Wheeler dealer fined £2,000 for blighting street to sell used cars
Magisk Module to Allow Location Mocking, Screenshots in Any App, and Disabling System Signature Verification
Magisk is a systemless root and module host for Android devices. With the use of Magisk, users can modify their Android /system partition without breaking SafetyNet. This is because Magisk makes its changes in the RAM without overwriting actual system files, meaning build.prop edits and more are possible. A Magisk module is just a /system modification prepackaged in a flashable zip which installs its data to a Magisk.img file in the data partition.
Some of the achievements we have seen with Magisk have been pretty amazing, and one of the latest released on our forums allows you to hide that mock location is enabled from your apps (hello Pokémon Go players), take screenshots in DRM protected apps, and disable signature checking for installed applications. All of this comes courtesy of XDA Recognised Developer fOmey.
To be more specific, this will allow you to spoof your location with applications such as FlyGPS and apps won't be able to tell, you can take screenshots of applications such as Netflix and you can install modified system applications over the pre-installed ones.
How it works is pretty simple, you install the application and it will detect your device and take your services.jar. It will then download the latest Magisk module template, modify a copy of your services.jar file to apply the changes and then create a Magisk module. This can then be flashed in your recovery.
If you have any interest in the above features, then take a look! Avid Pokémon Go players may enjoy it (or detest it, if you're against that kind of thing), but the ability to screenshot specific apps may be nice for even just making wallpapers of nice scenes in movies or TV shows at ease. All you need is Magisk, so go try it out now below!
Aldermen are poised to approve the purchase of 30 acres on the West Side to build a new police and fire training academy Mayor Rahm Emanuel wants, despite questions from some City Council members and residents about whether the project makes sense.
The council's Housing Committee on Monday approved earmarking $10 million in special tax money to pay for the vacant land at the northern edge of the West Garfield Park neighborhood. The full City Council will consider that first step in the construction of the $95 million training center on Wednesday.
West Side Ald. Emma Mitts, 37th, said the new facility would provide a way for the Chicago Police Department to try to fix some of the training inadequacies the federal Justice Department pointed to in a scathing report detailing a pattern of constitutional violations by police against residents.
And it could act as an anchor for economic development and give residents a sense of safety in a part of the city that has been beset by poverty and violence for decades, she said. Mitts said the site has been vacant for over 40 years.
“It's going to bring some residents, it's going to bring people to the area,” Mitts said. “In Austin alone, we lost population in our community and we want to bring that back. We want to bring our community back. We want to bring children back, families back.”
Some aldermen wondered whether investing big bucks in a new building is the best way to restore the public's shaken trust in the Police Department. Ald. Ameya Pawar, 47th, noted Fraternal Order of Police Local 7 has resisted many of the Justice Department recommendations for changes at the Police Department.
“It's hard for me to stomach spending $95 million when our negotiating partner doesn't believe a problem exists,” Pawar said.
And Ald. Deb Mell, 33rd, said some residents tell her the money would be better spent on programs in neighborhoods to combat racism or used to hike budgets for education and mental health services.
Still up in the air is how exactly the city will pay for the project. In addition to the $10 million for the land, Emanuel is planning to use $20 million from the sale of an existing city truck yard near Goose Island to a developer and another $5 million from the sale of a River North firehouse that will be rebuilt with a high rise on top of it. He's also hoping to get at least $23 million from the sale of a handful of other existing police and fire training buildings, according to David Reynolds, commissioner of the city Department of Fleet and Facility Management.
That leaves a shortfall of around $37 million to build the new West Side training center. Reynolds said the city might enter into a “lease-to-own” agreement with the Chicago Infrastructure Trust — which Emanuel created to spearhead public-private partnerships, but which has foundered in the years since. The city could also simply borrow the remaining money itself.
Pawar said a buyback deal with the trust would be a bad idea because the city should always own its assets. The idea with the trust was that it would recoup its investments through projects that either generate savings or new streams of revenue for the city, and the training facility would not do that.
Washington Park resident Antonio Magitt, 19, told aldermen to put the resources into neighborhood programs, not police training. “If you all really want to see our community do better and our folks do better, start investing more in things that make that happen,” Magitt testified at the meeting. “A police academy will definitely not do that.”
jebyrne@chicagotribune.com
Twitter @_johnbyrne
Online data breaches have become increasingly common, and questions continue to be raised by sceptics about the misuse of the biometric data collected by the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), the agency that administers Aadhaar. Several people do not know that they can “lock” their biometrics online.
This will ensure that no application will be able to use your biometrics stored with UIDAI for authentication. If later you require an application to be able to authenticate you, there is also the option of temporarily unlocking your biometrics.
Go to the UIDAI website - https://uidai.gov.in/
Under the heading, “Aadhaar Services”, click on “Lock/Unlock Biometrics”
It will open a new window - https://resident.uidai.gov.in/biometric-lock
Enter your Aadhaar Number in the box provided:
Once you enter your Aadhaar number, you will receive a one-time password (OTP) on your registered mobile number:
Enter the security code provided:
Following this step, your biometrics- fingerprints and iris scans will get locked.
If a service or application attempts to authenticate your biometrics after you've locked them, an error code “330” will get generated.
If you wish to allow validation of your biometrics, you can repeat the process and temporarily unlock the biometrics.
neha.alawadhi@nw18.com
JAMES Alexander has tonight dramatically quit as leader of City of York Council as the local Labour Party's turmoil continues.
Cllr Alexander is also stepping down as York Labour leader after four years in the post, to take up a new role with Ed Miliband and the national Labour Party, and he will leave the council completely at next May's election.
He made the announcement just hours after opposition councillors announced they would call for a vote of no confidence in him, however his departure was clearly pre-planned.
>>> JAMES ALEXANDER: Why I quit - Full statement
>>> FLASHBACK: How Labour lost control of York in 5 dramatic moments
>>> FLASHBACK: Labour loses majority as councillor quits to join Tories
Cllr Alexander said he was proud of his achievements and said Labour had turned "a city in stagnation on to the path to prosperity", but said long hours, the pressure of coping with Government cuts and "personalised" politics had taken their toll on him and his family. He said his new job was too good an opportunity to turn down.
Cllr Alexander at a tuition fees protest in St Helen's Square 2010
Labour has suffered five defections in little over two years, losing its majority at Guildhall, and those who quit Labour have consistently attacked Cllr Alexander's leadership style. The depleted group must now find a new leader less than six months before May's council elections. Cllr Alexander will remain in post until his successor is chosen.
Opposition leader Chris Steward had today accused Cllr Alexander of "riding roughshod" over the council for three and a half years and accused him of an "ego-driven mode of leadership".
This morning he announced the Conservatives would table a motion calling for a no-confidence vote at the December 11 council meeting, saying Cllr Alexander had concentrated on "flashy vanity projects" and had sought to "big up York for his own personal aggrandisement" rather than addressing residents' key concerns.
Rumours of Cllr Alexander's imminent resignation had circulated earlier this week. As late as this morning, he told The Press they were untrue, before issuing a written statement confirming his departure.
His new role will be as Policy Officer for Communities, supporting Ed Miliband and shadow ministers ahead of the General Election. Labour said he would be overseeing policy areas including transport, local government, housing, culture, media and sport.
Cllr Alexander, during his role as Young People's Champion
Cllr Alexander, now 32, was one of the youngest council leaders in the country when he led Labour to a landslide victory in 2011, having ousted David Scott as party leader a year earlier. He first stood in York in 2003, in Huntington and New Earswick, and was elected in 2007 and 2011 in Holgate.
He also served as Young People's Champion while in opposition and stood unsuccessfully for Parliament in the York Outer consituency in 2010.
Before being elected in York, he had been an election agent and constituency organiser for Hammersmith and Fulham Labour Party, and before that he was treasurer and president of the Students' Union at the University of York, where he studied.
>>> ANALYSIS: The ups and downs of James Alexander in York
_____
MIXED REACTION TO SUDDEN EXIT
Here is a selection of the responses following James Alexander's announcement:
Hugh Bayley, MP for York Central: “James has put his heart and soul into leading the council. I'm very sorry he is going. During his time as leader the council has had to implement massive budget cuts imposed by the Government, but the council has still managed to bring investment and many new jobs to the city.”
Chris Steward, York Conservative leader: "We welcome the news he has resigned. I think it's a positive and hopefully we can now work together for the good of York as one, rather than the divisive policies James has been so synonymous with."
Viv Kind, chair of York Labour Party: “I congratulate James on his new role which gives York greater influence over national Labour Party policy. We know he will continue to have York's best interests at heart in his new job. During his five years as leader of the Labour Group and four years as Labour council leader James has used his vision and challenge to maintain key services and deliver economic growth for York despite massive reductions in government funding. York Labour Party thanks him for his commitment and hard work and wishes him well in his new role”.
Keith Aspden, leader of York Liberal Democrats: "It is clear the problems in the York Labour Group go deeper than the leader. From the botched closure of Lendal Bridge to the cuts to basic frontline services the Labour Group collectively has proved itself unfit to run York. The policies of the council need to change and this is why Liberal Democrat councillors have been working hard in recent weeks to try to force U-Turns on the plans to close Castlegate and Yearsley Pool. Our priority will be to continue to work with all councillors to force the Labour Cabinet to change its policies whoever is leading the cabinet between now and May. I personally wish James well for his future."
Andy D'Agorne, York Green Party leader: "I am sure this is very welcome news. Obviously it begs the question who will replace him."
Roger Marsh, chair of Leeds City Region Enterprise Partnership, said Cllr Alexander brought a "challenging yet constructive dynamic" to the LEP and said: "In particular I am grateful to him for his support in developing the Strategic Economic Plan, which secured recently the largest sum of devolved funding to any LEP area in the country."
Cllr Ken King, who defected from Labour last month over the local party's actions: "I was expecting it and I think it is the honourable thing to do. Unfortunately there should be about two or three people resigning with him. He should not be left to carry the can on his own. There are a number of people in the Labour group who have ruined the group.... I would love to rejoin the Labour party and group but I could not do that the way it is being run."
Susie Cawood, chair of York Chamber of Commerce: "James has always worked trielessly for the city since his appointment and while chamber members have not always agreed with all his policies, James has always been willing to listen to business and give support where possible. We wish him well in the future and hope his successor will also fight for jobs and growth for the city."
The group aimed to "hold the Trump Administration accountable for its unprecedented assault on the free press."
A group of anti-Trump, anti-propaganda protesters gathered Sunday afternoon outside Breitbart News offices in Brentwood on Sunday.
Scheduled from 1-4 p.m., the protest included people chanting and holding signs that read "Breitbart News = Despicable!" and "Fake News" in a circle with a line over it.
KTLA reporter Eric Spillman captured video of what seemed to be roughly 50-60 protesters outside the offices:
Anti-Breitbart demonstrators rally outside the site's office in Brentwood pic.twitter.com/fOJFJ8NWit — eric spillman (@ericspillman) March 12, 2017
In a Facebook page post, organizers wrote that the protest was aimed to "hold the Trump Administration accountable for its unprecedented assault on the free press."
"Trump's cheering squadron of professional propagandists at Breitbart have kept their location secret — until now: 11999 San Vicente. Demand transparency, protest propaganda!" the post continued. "This protest is to make our voices heard, not to silence Breitbart's. We believe in free speech, free press, and nonviolence, even when we disagree. We are inclusive: all genders, races, ethnicities, religions and political persuasions are welcome."
Indeed, one sign read "Latinos for Trump," implying that some counter-protesters were among the crowd.
BuzzFeed News reporter Brianna Sacks also captured video of the event:
Now: "Propaganda Protest" outside Breitbart's HQ in Los Angeles https://t.co/5ifgbjRVM2 — Brianna Sacks (@bri_sacks) March 12, 2017
Breitbart News was first linked to the "alt-right" last April via an article from the Southern Poverty Law Center.
Steve Bannon, a founding member of Breitbart News, was named CEO of Trump's presidential campaign in August and was appointed his chief strategist and senior counselor in November, following the election.
This is about the time of the year, every year, where I wish there was a rewind button. November and December are filled with holiday fun, extra days off, and getting together with friends and family. Then January hits and "wham!" -- all of your credit card bills from December become due and Uncle Sam comes knocking at your door to get you to do your taxes by April 15. Happy New Year, right?
Taxes are an unwelcome but necessary process that the majority of Americans must endure to ensure that our government and military have the proper funding to continue to operate. In addition to paying the salaries of our elected officials and armed forces, taxes also help fund social programs like Social Security and Medicare, as well as provide funding for schools, prisons, and clinical research projects, just to name a few other funding aspects.
To sum that up: We don't like taxes, but we know we have to pay them!
America's most hated tax
What we learned in November, though, after combing through a poll from Gallup is that not all taxes are created equally among Americans. In other words, some taxes are hated more than others. The Gallup poll asked respondents to list their most-hated tax out of a list of five possible tax choices, which were then compiled into the results that we looked at here.
Long story short, property taxes came out on top as America's most hated tax by a long shot, with 42% of all votes. The reasoning is pretty simple. For many homeowners, their property tax bill can be higher than what they owe in federal and state income taxes, making it their largest annual expense. In addition, because home prices have fluctuated so wildly over the previous five years, there's no guarantee that homeowners are paying an accurate property tax on their home's assessed value. Finally, there's also no uniform rhyme, reason, or formula to property taxes as it's dealt with on a county-by-county basis, making the opaqueness of the issue even more frustrating for taxpayers.
Yet property taxes themselves make up a large chunk of revenue for individual counties. According to a study (link opens a PDF) released in mid-November by Benjamin Harris and Brian David Moore from the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center, 34.6% of all local revenue is generated by property taxes, with local sales tax making up a good chunk of the remaining revenue. Without these funds, many locales would simply be unable to update their infrastructure, support schools, or pay for other basic needs such as a police or fire department.
10 states with the highest property taxes
Today, I want to take a closer look at the 10 states with the highest property taxes in America, for a few reasons. Obviously, knowledge is power, so understanding why certain regions of the country tax higher could help homebuyers make a more educated decision about their home purchase. More importantly, though, as we near the heart of tax season, there are some steps you can take as a homeowner that you may be forgetting, which could help save you money. Those tips would be especially useful in states that have the highest property taxes.
Without further ado, here are the 10 states with the highest mean property taxes, according to the Tax Policy Center's study:
State 2012 Mean Property Taxes Paid New Jersey $7,318 New Hampshire $5,230 Connecticut $5,200 New York $5,040 Illinois $4,469 Vermont $4,328 Rhode Island $3,820 Massachusetts $3,805 Wisconsin $3,530 Alaska $3,290
As you can see, geography can play a sizable role in property taxes. Because New England is predominantly developed and there's only a finite amount of land available, property values and property taxes are generally high in the region. Infrastructure needs also come into play, with higher population density areas needing far more revenue generation to maintain roads and bridges. This is primarily why you see almost every New England state on the list, as well as Illinois and Wisconsin.
But, this list is also a bit deceiving because it doesn't factor in property value. By that I mean you can purchase an identical house in one locale that could set you back $1 million that, in a different state or county, may sell for one-quarter of that amount or less. Everything depends on location, infrastructure, the availability of land, population density, and demand.
Let's have another look at these figures, but this time let's look at it as the 2012 property tax as a percentage of home value.
State 2012 Mean Property Taxes Paid Property Tax as a Percent of Home Value New Jersey $7,318 2.32% New Hampshire $5,230 2.18% Connecticut $5,200 1.88% New York $5,040 1.68% Illinois $4,469 2.28% Vermont $4,328 1.62% Rhode Island $3,820 1.67% Massachusetts $3,805 1.19% Wisconsin $3,530 2.07% Alaska $3,290 1.28%
While you can still see that these 10 states all pay cumulative property taxes well above the national average, property taxes as a percentage of home value that select homeowners pay can be much higher from one state to the next.
Massachusetts residents, for instance, may pony up $3,805 for property taxes on their home, but at only 1.19% of their home's value it means Massachusetts homes are often worth a lot. By comparison, Wisconsin residents paid 265 fewer dollars, but they had to pay 88 basis points more on their homes than residents in Massachusetts in 2012! It usually all comes down to a state's need for infrastructure and educational improvements.
How understanding your property taxes can put more money in your pocket
While highlighting the 10 states with the highest property taxes in America can be fun for a numbers guy like myself, the real fun comes when I tell you that there are two commonly overlooked ways to save yourself money when it comes to property taxes.
The first method might seem like common sense, but you wouldn't believe how many people, especially new homeowners, forget that you can claim your property taxes paid as a deduction. I know it's a bit odd that you can claim a deduction on a tax, but the overall goal by the IRS is to ensure that you don't pay income tax on money going to pay your property taxes.
Now one tricky aspect that can sometimes trip up homeowners that you'll want to keep a close eye on is that you can only deduct the amount of property tax paid to your county each year. This means for those of you like myself who have their property taxes lumped in with your mortgage payment and shuffled into an escrow account on a monthly basis, you'll want to ensure you're only claiming what the escrow account pays in property taxes on your behalf in a given year and not necessarily what you put into the escrow account in a given year. It's a minor error that can sometimes have big implications.
The second method, which is often overlooked, is the ability of a homeowner to request a reassessment of his or her property value. Because property values directly correlate to property taxes, if you feel your home is worth considerably less than your currently assessed value, it would be in your best interest to further investigate whether the county assessor has levied an accurate value on your home.
The easiest way of going about this is first to acquaint yourself with your county's property tax code laws, which can often be found online or at your county's assessor's office. Once you understand the process, you can view the assessment for your own property to look for mistakes. According to Pete Sopp, a spokesman for the National Taxpayers Union in an interview with MSN, the inaccuracy rate on assessments is anywhere from 30% to 50%, depending on the region. Most of these errors are minor, but the larger ones can result in hefty savings. After reviewing your assessment, you should check out similar homes that have sold in the area to determine whether your home could actually be sold for its assessed value. If the figures don't add up, it could be time to make an appeal to your county's assessor.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former Oregon gubernatorial candidate Craig Berkman pleaded guilty on Tuesday to defrauding investors by persuading them he could use their money to buy shares of Facebook Inc before the company's May 2012 initial public offering.
The Facebook logo is pictured in the Facebook headquarters in Menlo Park, California January 29, 2013. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith
Berkman, a Republican who ran for governor in 1994, admitted he told investors he had access to scarce pre-IPO shares of Facebook as well as LinkedIn Corp, Groupon Inc and Zynga Inc.
Instead, Berkman used investors' money to make payments to earlier investors - a classic Ponzi scheme - and to pay personal expenses, including $6 million in a personal bankruptcy case, Assistant U.S. Attorney John O'Donnell said at a hearing in federal court in New York.
Berkman pleaded guilty to one charge of securities fraud and one charge of wire fraud. Each carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison.
“I deeply regret my actions,” a weeping Berkman, wearing beige jail scrubs, said at the hearing on Tuesday. “I've devastated my family.” He apologized to his investors, saying some of them were “dear, dear friends.”
“I'm very, very sorry,” he said.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Kevin Nathaniel Fox set sentencing for October 1.
As part of a plea deal, Berkman agreed to forfeit $13.2 million he raised from more than 120 investors.
Berkman had long been active in Oregon politics and served for a time as the head of the state's Republican Party. He lost in the Republican primary for governor in 1994. He explored a bid for governor in 2002, according to the newspaper The Oregonian.
Berkman was arrested in March at his home in Odessa, Florida.
“RECIDIVIST HISTORY”
Berkman's scam was similar to one perpetrated by former Florida fund manager John Mattera, who defrauded investors of $13 million by telling them he could invest their money in pre-IPO shares of Facebook and Groupon. Mattera was sentenced to 11 years in prison on June 21.
Berkman's guilty plea culminates what the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission had called a “recidivist history.”
In 2001, the Oregon Division of Finance and Securities issued a cease-and-desist order and a $50,000 fine against Berkman for offering and selling convertible promissory notes without a brokerage license, according to the SEC.
In 2008, an Oregon jury found Berkman liable in a private action for breach of fiduciary duty, conversion of investor funds, and misrepresentation to investors, related to his involvement with a firm called Synectic Ventures.
The criminal case is U.S. v. Berkman, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-mg-00732.
Anthony won a $1,000 prize package!
Dads, uncles, grandpas, and father-figures alike – we wouldn't be who we are today without these men. They've taught us strength, perseverance, and some great jokes. They've picked us up when we've fallen down, patched the cuts and scrapes from the fall, and shown us how to keep going when it feels like the world is against us. How could we ever repay them for all they've done for us? The answer? We can't.
No gift will ever be able to equate to the hardship and dedication it takes to raise a child. But for Father's Day this year, we're going to help you try. Enter our latest giveaway for a chance to win your dad an incredible prize package worth up to $1,000.
The contest opens on Thursday, June 1st. Entries will be accepted until midnight on Thursday, June 15th. The winner will be announced that Friday, June 16th.
The Grand Prize
$150 Man Crates Smash and Grab Gift Card
$150 Fracture Gift Card
$200 Best Buy Gift Card
$500 Amazon Gift Card
Happy Father's Day to everyone who enteretd!
Good luck, and Happy Father's Day!
They largely escape the media eye focused on power and business centres in Delhi and Mumbai and quietly (not all the time) code their way to glory. From ending poverty to providing everyone with a basic income, all big answers lie in code – waiting to be uncovered (at least that's what the thinking is).
When a bunch of them were brought together to discuss the future of digital payments, the love for technology and the possibilities it offers were there for everyone to see.
No punches were pulled. Demonetisation was praised in unequivocal terms for providing a windfall, the government was criticised for cutting transaction fee that stole their revenues (if only for a while) and banks – conspicuous by their absence in the lineup – emerged as the bad guys. Most of those in attendance were on the same page: banks are only making life harder for everyone.
The venue was the 50p conference put together by HasGeek to understand key issues regarding digital payments in the country and provide that much-needed perspective on where we are headed amid the seemingly never-ending pomp and show.
In case you haven't been paying attention to the ads on the sides of NYC bus stops, the Grammys are tonight. If this doesn't make you excited, well that's actually pretty understandable. This award show hasn't been interesting for a while, but the dunk contest rebounded into something worth watching this weekend, so I'll give the Grammys a chance to cook.
Tonight though, a rap album might actually take home Album of The Year. Kendrick Lamar's unapologetically black To Pimp A Butterfly nonetheless. Some would say this is a big deal, since The National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences has a history of snubbing rap albums. Currently only Outkast's Speakerbox/The Love Below and Lauryn's Miseducation have taken home the grand prize. The only way they could be more disdainful would be if they held the Best Rap Album ceremony at the Red Lobster down the block from the theater.
But I digress. In honor of this we decided to take a look at the rap album category and break down the nominees lyrically. In this category we have:
Kendrick – To Pimp A Butterfly
Nicki Minaj – The Pinkprint
J. Cole – 2014 Forest Hills Drive
Dr. Dre – Compton
Drake – If You're Reading This It's Too Late
While going through this breakdown we will be looking only at verse (no hooks), and omitting featured artists. Without further ado, here are our findings:
Most Used Words – For this we've removed the obvious recurring words (“the,” “a,” “him/her,” “nigga,” etc) to get a better picture of what's going on in these lyrics. Drake and Kendrick shared the same word, “Know,” with 64 and 71 uses respectively. Cole, dropped “Love” 49 times and Nicki used the related pair of “say” and “tell” 15 and 16 times. For Dre the most used word, with a count of 48, was “fuck.” Don't ever change, Dre.
– For this we've removed the obvious recurring words (“the,” “a,” “him/her,” “nigga,” etc) to get a better picture of what's going on in these lyrics. Drake and Kendrick shared the same word, “Know,” with 64 and 71 uses respectively. Cole, dropped “Love” 49 times and Nicki used the related pair of “say” and “tell” 15 and 16 times. For Dre the most used word, with a count of 48, was “fuck.” Don't ever change, Dre. Cursing – While Kendrick, Dre, Drake, and Cole averaged 46 uses of “fuck” and 33 uses of “shit,” Nicki only came in with 16 and 5 of the two curses respectively. This can probably be attributed to her history of radio friendly singles. Basically, everyone else said “fuck” more because they gave fewer fucks.
– While Kendrick, Dre, Drake, and Cole averaged 46 uses of “fuck” and 33 uses of “shit,” Nicki only came in with 16 and 5 of the two curses respectively. This can probably be attributed to her history of radio friendly singles. Basically, everyone else said “fuck” more because they gave fewer fucks. Bitch Vs. Woman – The use of “bitch” in hip hop has been debated so long that most people have tuned it out by this point. We're going to leave that argument up to Kanye and Taylor Swift's brother and just bring you the facts. J. Cole's Bitch-To-Woman ratio (BWR), which figures in the word “girl” as well, was 3.00. That means 3 uses of bitch to every use of woman. Nicki and Dre were in a similar state with BWRs of 3.25 and 3.33. Kendrick came in lower at 1.57, but it was Drake the stood out in this metric, with a remarkably low 0.13.
– The use of “bitch” in hip hop has been debated so long that most people have tuned it out by this point. We're going to leave that argument up to Kanye and Taylor Swift's brother and just bring you the facts. J. Cole's Bitch-To-Woman ratio (BWR), which figures in the word “girl” as well, was 3.00. That means 3 uses of bitch to every use of woman. Nicki and Dre were in a similar state with BWRs of 3.25 and 3.33. Kendrick came in lower at 1.57, but it was Drake the stood out in this metric, with a remarkably low 0.13. Stated Blackness – Across Cole, Drake, Nicki, and Dre's albums, use of the word “black” averaged only 4 instances per album. With 16 uses on TPAB, Kendrick's total was 4.5 times that. Makes sense for an album about the modern black experience in America.
– Across Cole, Drake, Nicki, and Dre's albums, use of the word “black” averaged only 4 instances per album. With 16 uses on TPAB, Kendrick's total was 4.5 times that. Makes sense for an album about the modern black experience in America. What Happened To Gangsta Rap? – Of the five albums nominated, Kendrick's was the only one on which any variation of the word “gang” appeared more than once, and there it only was used 5 times. References to guns were also low, averaging 3.4 uses per album. While there definitely has been a decline in gangsta rap in the post-Kanye era, we'd largely chalk this stat up to The Academy not being comfortable nominating a Vince Staples album.
– Of the five albums nominated, Kendrick's was the only one on which any variation of the word “gang” appeared more than once, and there it only was used 5 times. References to guns were also low, averaging 3.4 uses per album. While there definitely has been a decline in gangsta rap in the post-Kanye era, we'd largely chalk this stat up to The Academy not being comfortable nominating a Vince Staples album. A Sad Year For Ass – The word ass only averaged 2.6 appearances across these albums. “Shameful… Just shameful…” mutters Sir Mix-A-Lot from somewhere in the distance.
– The word ass only averaged 2.6 appearances across these albums. “Shameful… Just shameful…” mutters Sir Mix-A-Lot from somewhere in the distance. Total Vocab – When tallying up the total number of different word across each album we were unsurprised to find that Kendrick, with his ambitious content and complex rhyming, came in on top with nearly 1,983 different words. Cole came in a distant 2nd with 1,289 and Drake was hot on his heels at exactly 1,200. Nicki was a good deal below this at 836. Dre, with his simpler style more focused on intensity than lyricism, rounded out the bottom at 698.
Got questions or other lyrics you'd like to see analyzed? Give us a shout in the comments.
The prolific producer — whose various TV projects received a total of 30 Emmy noms this year — reveals his thoughts on the surprising response to 'People v. O.J. Simpson,' opens up about his plans for more Broadway and shares the real reason an 'American Crime Story' season centered on Hurricane Katrina won't be quite as depressing as it sounds.
Ryan Murphy is used to hearing the name of at least one of his projects uttered on Emmy nomination morning, but 30 mentions — as happened July 14 — was stunning, even for him. In addition to Emmy perennial American Horror Story, which nabbed eight noms for its Lady Gaga-fronted Hotel season, his The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story earned 22, including outstanding limited series and mentions for each of its stars. Murphy took a break from prepping new seasons of both series, and a second installment of Fox's Scream Queens and his latest FX anthology, Feud, to speak with THR about the surprising response to O.J., his plans for more Broadway and the future of his franchises.
What surprised you most about the reaction to The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story?
When people first heard we were doing it — when they heard O.J., and it's a spinoff of American Horror Story — they were convinced, as they always are with my work, that it was going to be a certain thing. We'd hear, "Oh, it's going to be exploitative," or, "It's going to be a bloodbath." But the thing I'm most proud of is how it helped change the public perception of Marcia Clark. It showed her as a human being, and the thing I hear people say now is, "Boy, was I wrong about Marcia Clark." I look at her as a feminist working-mother heroine who'd been widely misunderstood and blamed for something that was not her fault, and because of the power of the scripts and Sarah Paulson's performance this became sort of a revisionist take on her. I hope it's how she'll be remembered going forward.
Lady Gaga (left) and Kathy Bates in American Horror Story: Hotel.
Shortly after your series wrapped, ESPN ran its doc O.J.: Made in America. What did you think of it, and did you have any regrets about not being able to include some of the things it covered, including the fact that O.J.'s father was gay?
No, but it's one of the best documentaries that has ever been made. Initially I was worried that one would cannibalize the impact of the other, but that seems not to have happened at all. They were almost like bookends to the story.
Season two will tackle Hurricane Katrina. How did you land on that as your follow-up?
We're not interested in doing a trial-of-the-week or murder-of-the-month; we're interested in tackling crimes and events that have some sort of social importance. That's why we're interested in Katrina, and we've been researching it quite heavily for a year before we're even writing it. I think it's going to be between 13 and 15 episodes, so it's very big — and every episode has a theme, like O.J. did. You follow a cast of characters from before the storm hits to its aftermath, and we're spending a lot of time, energy and resources on it.
There aren't going to be big, soapy reveals as there were with O.J. Plus, the wound is still fresh for many. How are you approaching it so it isn't just a 13- or 15-hour downer?
Well, it's an amazing tragedy you cannot believe happened in America, but along with the overwhelming sadness of what happened to New Orleans and its people you have amazing stories of survival. You have the best of people and the worst of people, and we're laying into questions like, What do you do when you're in a city and your government has abandoned you? How do you live? How do you get out? And you get out by climbing up and pulling up people with you, and to a large degree that's what the miniseries is about. It's not just what happened but heroic stories about people surviving — or, in some cases, dying helping others. So it's upsetting, but it's also uplifting.
O.J. stars Sarah Paulson and John Travolta have said they'd love to return. Are we going to see the same actors come back and be part of it?
I don't think it's going to be like American Horror Story, where you see almost the entire troupe return. You'll see some people, not all of them, but we haven't figured that out yet because we're right in the middle of the writing process. I'm having general meetings with actors, but I don't like to offer anything to anybody unless they have a big chunk of things to read because I want them to know what they're signing up for.
After O.J., American Crime Story will turn its attention to Hurricane Katrina for season two. Murphy reveals he and the producers already are exploring subjects to tackle in seasons three, four and five.
There's a true-crime explosion on TV: JonBenet Ramsey at CBS, the Menendez brothers at NBC. Have there been stories snapped up that you would have considered?
I can honestly say no because we were never interested in the upsetting-murder-of-the-month club. That's not what our show is about.
Shifting to American Horror Story, you've been keeping this season under wraps. Despite your Sept. 14 premiere date, no one knows anything about this season, including the subtitle. Why?
John Landgraf [of FX] and Dana Walden [of Fox TV Group] and I were talking, and the show is in its sixth season, and we've always done everything by the book. Come January or February I announce what the theme is, and then we announce the cast. We wanted to [create a] different experience for the fans this year. But that doesn't mean we'll do that for season seven or even season eight.
Murphy with Lange (center) and Paulson, both of whom have appeared in many of his projects.
Seven and eight? How long do you foresee the series going, and when do you plan to have the seasons really start to come together?
You'll see it this season, and then you'll really see it after this season. We lay a lot of pipes, and you'll see it explode in seasons seven and eight. They haven't officially been picked up yet by John Landgraf — he and I always talk at the end of the year and decide how many we want to do. But John has always said, and I have always agreed, that this is a show that could be like The Twilight Zone and run for multiple, multiple seasons and have its own inner mythology. So that's how we're approaching it. I'll keep doing it for as long as we have the ideas and the momentum. I really love doing it.
Do you have a road map for where it goes?
Oh yeah, absolutely. And the seasons are connected, for sure.
Although it didn't earn any Emmy attention, you're bringing Scream Queens back to Fox for a second season. How have you, presumably with Fox's input, retooled and attempted to broaden the show?
We all love that show, and the viewership was very young. It was huge on Hulu and the DVR, so Dana and I felt like, "OK, we have our base — now what do you do to broaden it?" And I just loved the idea of a horror show set in a hospital for a season. You get to have these great medical-mystery cases, so it'll be: OK, what's wrong with this person, and how can we cure them? With that you also have stunt casting opportunities galore — opportunities to go after great comedic actors like Cecily Strong from Saturday Night Live, who I think is f—ing brilliant in our first episode. The casting of John Stamos, an old friend of mine, and Taylor Lautner, who brings his own audience, are both huge, too, because now it's more than just women [in the cast]. Before the show did seem very young, but now I hope there's something for everybody.
In addition to your series work, you were a producer on Long Day's Journey Into Night on Broadway, which earned Jessica Lange her first Tony. Should we expect more Broadway work from you going forward?
Jessica introduced me to that world. Her Tony win came out of a dinner that she and I had where I said, "Lady Lange, what have you always wanted to do that you haven't done?" She said: "Well, there's only one part that got away. I did Mary Tyrone in London, and I want to do it here, but I don't know that the person who has the rights right now would want to do the play." So I tracked that play like a mad man for months and months, and then the option lapsed and I swooped in and I bought it for her. I really love the Broadway community, and now I'm working on two or three things to do with people like Jessica who are in my world — people who I've collaborated with whom I absolutely adore. One of the people who I love and adore the most is Joe Mantello. He did The Normal Heart for me as an actor, but he's one of the best theater directors of all time — so I'm trying to find something to do with Joe.
This story first appeared in a special Emmy issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. To receive the magazine, click here to subscribe.
Democrats may have found their post-election savior in the form of public service commissioner and Senate hopeful Foster Campbell, a rough-and-tumble Louisiana politician who would offer the greatest block to a bulldozing President Donald Trump. Should Foster win the seat in the Dec. 10 runoff election against Republican State Treasurer John Kennedy, Democrats could take back a much-needed fraction of power from the Republicans. Liberals ought to do everything they can to ensure a victory for the Louisiana politician, so get calling your representative on behalf of Campbell. He'll need everyone in his corner to win.
If this election has bitterly taught me anything, it's that upsets are possible. And an upset in the Senate is just what Democrats need to offer a glimmer of hope in an otherwise-abysmal 2016. Despite hailing from conservative Louisiana in the year Trump swept the presidency, electing Campbell is entirely possible.
The Hill points to the state's own race for governor as a prime example of that possibility. Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards beat out his predecessor, Republican Bobby Jindal — a failed presidential candidate, and by most stretches of the imagination a failed governor. Scandal and Edwards' own charisma pushed the Democrat to victory, and many are hoping for the same with Campbell and the Senate seat.
And really, the proof of this race's significance is in the numbers: A Campbell win would translate to a 51-49 split between Republicans and the rest.
Having a plan of action to elect Campbell includes ensuring that other representatives throw their support behind his candidacy. And calling your representative on his behalf doesn't have to be this big, intimidating thing, either.
Find out who represents you, create a short pitch on the importance of electing Campbell, and give your representative a call. Remember that you likely won't spend more than a minute actually on the phone with a person, so there isn't a reason to be too nervous. On the flip side, that's always why it's important to know in advance just what you want to say.
Showing your interest in Campbell — particularly if you're from Louisiana — can speak volumes to those who have the power to directly bolster his candidacy. And after the 2016 election, it's worth making a phone call if it means helping block some of Trump's most heinous proposals.
Jeb Bush holds a small lead over Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE nationally in the race for the Republican presidential nomination, according to a new poll released Monday by Monmouth University.
The survey found Bush at the top of the pack, with 15 percent support, followed by Trump at 13 percent.
ADVERTISEMENT
That's a 6-point jump for Bush compared to the same poll in June. The former Florida governor has hit his stride since launching his bid for the White House last month, steadily rising in the polls to open up a 6-point lead over the next-closest contender nationally, according to the RealClearPolitics average.
In addition, 50 percent of those surveyed said they have a positive view of Bush, a 10-point jump for him since June.
Trump has also spiked in the polls since launching his bid for the Republican nomination. Trump has commanded weeks of headlines over his controversial remarks about illegal immigrants, and he's been on the attack against the other Republicans in the field.
The Monmouth poll, however. found that many Republican voters do not take Trump's candidacy seriously. Thirty-nine percent said the real estate mogul was only running for president to win publicity.
Still, Trump's favorability rating has improved dramatically over the last month, rising from 20 percent positive in June to 40 percent positive presently.
No other GOP candidate pulled double-digit support.
Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (R-Texas) is in third place in the poll, with 9 percent support, followed by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, at 7 percent each, and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), and Ben Carson at 6 percent each.
Walker will officially launch his bid for the White House on Monday. He was in second place in the same poll from June, trailing only Carson, but both have since fallen back among the pack.
After those candidates, there's a significant drop-off into the bottom tier of candidates who will be scrapping for the last available of 10 debate slots.
Rounding out the field are former Texas Gov. Rick Perry, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and former Sen. Rick Santorum, getting 2 percent each in the poll.
Businesswoman Carly Fiorina and Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who is expected to launch his bid for the White House later this month, each received 1 percent.
The Monmouth University poll of 336 registered Republican voters was conducted between July 9 and July 12 and has a 5.4 percentage point margin of error.
21 July 2017 | Will_Harrison
8 | A 'spectacular' Spider-Man movie that proves that Spider-Man's still got it.
Jon Watts (Director of Clown and Cop Car) perfects the character and charm of Spider-Man that we all love from the comics without doing disservice to either fans of both the Raimi and Amazing Spider-Man franchises with a fun superhero movie oozing with joy with its great cast and characters, big and small, as well as an 'amazing' performance from Tom Holland who brilliantly combines what Maguire and Garfield brought to the character by truly demonstrating the differences and similarities between the awkward nerd Peter Parker and the quippy crime fighting Spider-Man. The film also gives many critics of Marvel's lack of great villains what they want most, a relatable villain that is as, if not more, interesting than the hero itself and not only is great adversary physically but also psychologically and we see this with Michael Keaton's excellent portrayal of the Vulture. What Spider-Man: Homecoming does best, however, is its attention to detail and world building put into the town of Queens, which feels more real and believable than any other fictional world we have seen in the MCU, making Spider-Man: Homecoming one of the best chapters of the Marvel Cinematic Universe and another great example for future superhero movies to learn from.
Engraving of Gov. Spotswood and the "Knights of the Golden Horseshoe" crossing the Blue Ridge Mountains
The Knights of the Golden Horseshoe Expedition, also known as the Transmontane Expedition,[1] took place in 1716 in the British Colony of Virginia. The Royal Governor and a number of prominent citizens traveled westward, across the Blue Ridge Mountains on an exploratory expedition. It is a frequently recounted event of the History of Virginia.
The expedition [ edit ]
Alexander Spotswood became acting royal governor of Virginia in 1710, by which time pressure on the colony to expand had become more acute than ever. In 1716, Governor Spotswood, with about 50 other men and 74 horses, led a real estate speculation expedition up the Rappahannock River valley during westward exploration of the interior of Virginia. The journalist of this expedition was a Huguenot, Lieut. John Fontaine, who served as an officer in the British Army.
The party included fourteen rangers and four Meherrin Indians, and departed Germanna on August 29, coming within sight of the Blue Ridge Mountains on August 31. They continued upriver past today's Stanardsville, reaching the head of the Rappahannock on September 2. Fontaine recorded in his journal for September 5 that axemen had to clear the way along the path of what he called the "James River", but which was in fact a creek along the eastern slope named Swift Run, surrounded on all sides by steep mountain terrain. Swift Run is part of the James River drainage system. The expedition had followed the Rappahannock drainage system up to this point.
There they crossed the top ridge of the Blue Ridge mountains at Swift Run Gap (elevation 2,365 feet).
On September 6, 1716, they rode down into the Shenandoah Valley on the east side of Massanutten Mountain and reached the Shenandoah River, which they called the "Euphrates" near the current town of Elkton. There, they fired multiple volleys and drank special toasts of wine, brandy, and claret to the King and to Governor Spotswood, naming the two peaks after them.[2] The taller summit they called "Mount George", and the lesser, "Mount Spotswood".
On the banks of the river they buried a bottle, inside which they had put a paper whereby Spotswood claimed the place in the name of George I. On September 7, the party returned home, reaching Germanna on September 10.
After the journey, Spotswood gave each officer of the expedition a stickpin made of gold and shaped like a horseshoe on which he had inscribed the words in Latin "Sic juvat transcendere montes", which translates into English as "Thus, it is pleasant to cross the mountains." [3] The horseshoes were encrusted with small stones and were small enough to be worn from a watch chain.[4] The members of Governor Spotswood's expedition soon became popularly known as the "Knights of the Golden Horseshoe."
Of the expedition members, only the following are known by name to have taken part: Lt. Governor Spotswood, John Fontaine, Robert Beverley, Jr., William Robertson, Dr. Robinson, Mr. Todd, James Taylor (great-grandfather of US Presidents James Madison and Zachary Taylor), Robert Brooke (grandfather of VA Governor Robert Brooke), George Mason III, Capt. Smith, William Clopton, Jr., (second son of William Clopton and Ann Booth Clopton),Jeremiah Clouder and William Russell.(General, Russell CO, Virginia, Fort Russell).[5] Edward Sanders' 1839 will of descendant Elijah Sanders mentions great-grandfather "Old Edward Sanders" as a Knight of the Golden Horseshoe.
In a Richmond news article, dated February 16, 1901, honoring John Bacon Clopton, the grandson of William Clopton Jr.. The following is a copy of a handwritten statement, signed and sealed to be found among the John Bacon Clopton papers at Duke University Library, Durham, North Carolina:
There was in my father's possession a golden horseshoe which the tradition of the family said was worn by William Clopton Jr.. That it had 7 Diamonds set in it the place of nailheads, was inscribed on one side "Sic Juvat Trancsenderi Montes" and on the other "William Clopton, Knight." That as a child I have had it laid in my hand to look at and that it was of a size to encircle the center of my palm. And that this horseshoe was stolen by Pickpocket Smith, a notorious character, who operated among fashionable of Richmond in 1842 or 3. Witness my hand and seal this ninth day of August, 1897. Signed: Joyce Wilkinson Wallace
Legacy [ edit ]
Campsite of the expedition
When Spotswood returned to Williamsburg, he actually claimed that the intention of the Expedition was to look for a way to Lake Erie, with a view to eventually thwarting the growing French presence in the region. He also sought permission from Britain to make a second expedition to scout for an outpost location on the Great Lakes; however he never received it.[6]
At a practical level, word of the expedition, and descriptions of the fertile valley land beyond the mountain range, apparently didn't do much in the short-term to open the Shenandoah Valley for development from the east. The mountain range was a formidable barrier. Instead, most of the early settlers came down the Valley from the north, many of German and Scottish descent. Groups of Mennonites migrated from Pennsylvania, and settled in the general area of present-day Rockingham County and Harrisonburg, where their descendants may still be found today.
Spotswood's expedition, which from all reports, traveled at a leisurely pace, encountered little or no loss of life or conflict with Native Americans, and included frequent stops for celebrations and libations, earned a somewhat legendary status. The expedition's fame can also be attributed to providing further evidence supporting Virginians' self-image as being hospitable and loving of drink and conviviality. The fame was further enhanced when it was romanticized in The Knights of the Golden Horse-Shoe, an early chivalric romance, authored by William Alexander Caruthers, and first published in 1845.
Historic marker [ edit ]
A commemorative plaque and pyramid-shaped stone at Swift Run Gap (at the south side of U.S. Highway 33 near the Skyline Drive overpass) mark the historic crossing of the Knights of the Golden Horseshoe.[7] The Skyline Drive and the Appalachian Trail both pass nearby as well.
Also at this location, a Virginia Historical Highway Marker, # D10 Knights of the Golden Horseshoe, is located. It reads:
On 5 Sept. 1716, in this region, it is believed Lieutenant Governor Alexander Spotswood and his party of government officials, gentry, Native Americans, soldiers, and servants crossed the Blue Ridge Mountains into the Shenandoah Valley. Their adventure into Virginia's western lands began at Germanna late in Aug. and ended when they returned there on 10 Sept. According to legend, Spotswood gave his companions small golden horseshoes on their return and the group became known as the Knights of the Golden Horseshoe. The journey has been fictionalized and mythologized in literature since the 19th century.
Later usage of Knights of the Golden Horseshoe [ edit ]
Today, the Knights of the Golden Horseshoe are those U.S. Army soldiers from the 100th Regiment recognized by their commanders for exemplary service and leadership, just as Governor Spotswood recognized the men in his 1716 expedition. Today's Knights of the Golden Horseshoe receive a small gold-painted horseshoe. They also are approved to wear a distinctive unit insignia, featuring a golden horseshoe emblazoned on a red shield. Originally approved for the 375th Field Artillery Regiment on April 27, 1933, the insignia was redesignated for the 100th Regiment on July 8, 1960. A coat of arms also exists for regiments and separate battalions of the U.S. Army Reserve: this coat of arms features the golden horseshoe emblazoned on a red shield, the red symbolizing Artillery. Over the shield stands a Lexington Minute Man Proper.
In West Virginia, there is a competition named after the Golden Horseshoe(s), since it was previously thought that Spotswood's party had penetrated as far as the current borders of the state. The Golden Horseshoe test has been administered in West Virginia each year since 1931 and is the longest running program of its kind in the United States. The top-scoring students in each county receive the award. Each county has at least two winners. The exam tests student knowledge on West Virginia citizenship, civics and government, economics, geography, history and current events. Since 2008, all 8th grade students take a test online to show their knowledge of West Virginia's history. The students with the highest scores are "knighted" and receive a golden horseshoe in Charleston, West Virginia, the state capital.
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Marshall, Henrietta Elizabeth (1917) This country of ours; the story of the United States New York, George H. Doran Company
New York, George H. Doran Company Campbell, Charles (1860). History of the Colony and Ancient Dominion of Virginia. Philadelphia: J.B. Lippincott and Co.
If you remember playing MASH as a kid, you probably remember listing all of your crushes and dreams in categories, and having a friend either draw a spiral or count until you got a random number. Then, slowly but surely, that number would decide what items on your list got crossed off. Once every category was narrowed down to one item, that would be your future. We believe that MASH should often consist of all things Disney, so we've once again created a quiz that will do all of the work for you and tell you your Disney future:
1 The thing I want most is Adventure Quiet Happiness Success 2 I prefer to travel by Boat Plane Bike Car 3 The gifts I most prefer are Books Chocolate Flowers Clothes 4 My favorite movie genre is Action Sci-Fi Romance Comedy 5 A city I would like to travel to is London Tokyo Sydney Paris 6 When I wake up in the morning I Hit snooze Jump out of bed Check my phone Go for a run 7 My favorite thing(s) to look at in the sky is(are) Clouds Stars The moon The sun 8 My favorite season is Summer Fall Winter Spring 9 My first priority is/are my Friends Job Family Pet 10 When my favorite song comes on I Nod my head Tap my foot Wave my arms Dance full out 1 of 10 You're going to marry Hercules, live in Beast's castle, and have Zero as a pet. First of all, having Zero as a pet will surely be fun because he can help you sneak up on people and prank them. This will be fun to do to certain inhabitants in Beast's castle (looking at you, Cogsworth.) And who could be a better partner in mischief than Hercules? Share on Facebook Share on Pinterest Share on Twitter Take this quiz again! You're going to marry Captain Jack Sparrow, live in Tarzan's treehouse, and have Rajah as a pet. We could just stop at “You're going to marry Captain Jack Sparrow” and that would be enough to make your future amazing. But then throw in Tarzan's amazing treehouse, and the protective and hilarious Rajah as a pet, and you've got one of the best Disney futures we've ever heard of. Share on Facebook Share on Pinterest Share on Twitter Take this quiz again! You're going to marry Prince Naveen, live in the Hundred Acre Wood, and have Meeko as a pet. Meeko will probably get along really well with all of the other creatures in the Hundred Acre Wood, and you and the charming Prince Naveen will dance the night away under the stars of the most snuggly, lovely, and often blustery wood there ever was. Share on Facebook Share on Pinterest Share on Twitter Take this quiz again! You're going to marry Kristoff, live in Never Land, and have Pegasus as a pet. It will be so much fun to have adventures in Never Land with Kristoff, and of course Olaf will love to come visit in the tropical weather. Plus, Pegasus will come in handy when escaping pesky pirates. Share on Facebook Share on Pinterest Share on Twitter Take this quiz again!
Posted 3 years Ago
A team of senior engineering students at Rice University have developed an adaptation of a solar device which could provide life-saving medical instrument sterilization in areas where electricity is at a premium, if not entirely unavailable. The team's development is apparently the most recent iteration of a larger project that makes use of a decades old device called a Capteur Soleil.
According to Rice University, French inventor Jean Boubour created the solar collection device that the students are now using almost 30 years ago. Barbour is now a co-investigator on the grant that funds the research. The Capteur Soleil involves a steel A-frame structure that holds a series of curved mirrors in place. The back legs of the device can be adjusted in order to track the sun and maximize its effectiveness. The curved mirrors intensely focus sunlight onto a steel tube that runs along the frame's apex. In the tube is water, which is converted to steam by way of the focused solar energy. From there, the steam is used to heat up an autoclave-a device designed to sterilize surgical instruments with pressurized steam-but not directly.
Rather than feed the steam directly into the autoclave, the students chose to route it to a conductive hotplate of their own design. The hotplate then heats water in the autoclave. According to a report by Science Daily, team member Sam Major said that so long as the autoclave reaches 121 Celsius for 30 minutes, it would meet the standard set by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and everything should be sterile. “We've found we're able to do that pretty easily,” said Major. With good midday sun, Major added, it takes 40 minutes to an hour to begin significant heating of the autoclave.
Previously, the Rice University engineering students had worked with the Capteur Soleil as a cooking device. While the Capteur Soleil isn't capable of generating enough heat to boil oil for frying,it can cook all sorts of foods. Barbour has used the steam it produces to cook rice, potatoes, beans, vegetables and meat dishes for years. Now, with the university student's recent adaptation, the device could provide a significant medical benefit in developing countries.
It is Day Five of the cease fire, and the Israeli gunboats are booming off the Mediterranean coast.
It's barely dawn and the Israeli warships off the Gaza Strip coast are opening fire on the small Palestinian fishing boats a few hundred yards off the shore. The Palestinians pulling in their meager hauls from the cloudy, sewage-saturated waters try to ignore the incoming fire that splashes in the waters around them.
The Israeli ships enforcing a Naval blockage of Gaza have been firing on the fisherman every morning in an apparent attempt to keep them from getting too far from shore.
But this morning, Thursday, Jan. 22nd, the Israeli fire blasts through the morning all along the coastline. Then the Israeli fire gets closer to shore. By late morning, five Palestinians, including a little girl, have been wounded by the Israeli cease fire shelling.
This is post-war Gaza.
Whole neighborhoods have been reduced to rubble. Dozens of mosque minarets precariously hang at awkward angles. Dirt tank berms have become new playgrounds for Gaza City kids.
It has become easier to give people directions to our Gaza City apartment: Drive down the road and turn off at the sewage-filled bomb crater. Palestinians wait in long lines at UN warehouses to fill up cooking gas canisters.
In Rafah, scores of Palestinians have already begun to dig out their smuggling tunnels along the Egyptian border.
Kids climb 90 feet down the covered tunnel entrances to fill up bags with dirt. Caterpillar bulldozers clear away dirt so smugglers can begin digging new entrances to replace the ones caved in by Israeli air strikes. Some say they will be back in business in a few weeks. Others say it will take a few days. A few are already up-and-running.
Mohammed Barhoum stands on fuel-soaked dirt as a generator helps siphon diesel through a tunnel from Egypt. A couple of his gas lines to Egypt were damaged by the air strikes. But he's got two lines going, and a yellow Volvo fuel truck sits alongside his makeshift fuel depot as the smugglers smoke cigarettes and talk about their trade.
This eight-mile stretch along the border is Gaza's lifeline. Israel's ongoing and longstanding economic blockade of the Hamas-led Gaza Strip has fueled the smuggling business that was one of the major targets of the Israeli military campaign.
Israel pounded the busy border and crippled the tunnel network. No one can say for sure how many tunnels there are. Israeli estimates put it at 250 or 350. Smugglers here say it is upwards of 1,300. Both sides agree that the Israeli air strikes put the smugglers out of business. At least temporarily.
Tunnel engineers say the air strikes transformed the border into an unstable digging area. But that doesn't seem to be deterring many smugglers who are getting back to work.
Most of the tunnels in plain sight along the border are used to smuggle in basic goods that Israel long ago stopped regularly letting into Gaza. Things like cookies and chips, milk and cement, fuel and toilet paper.
It's not immediately apparent what has been done to the longer tunnels used by Hamas to smuggle in weapons. And it is even less clear what Hamas was actually able to smuggle into Gaza.
Despite persistent warnings from Israeli intelligence that Hamas had smuggled in advanced rockets and other weapons to bring down tanks and helicopters, there was virtually no sign of them during the fighting in Gaza. Gaza militants managed to fire a handful of advanced rockets that sailed deeper into southern Israel. But they packed little punch. And if Hamas militants had smuggled in better weapons to fight the Israeli army, they didn't prove it on the battlefield.
Standing in a ravaged public park in Gaza City's Tel Hawwa neighborhood, a masked Hamas militant boasts of the group's triumphs.
While kids nearby play on tank berms and the surrounding buildings are scarred by tank fire, this Hamas militant commander says Israel fell right into its trap. He boasts of the great victories and contends that Hamas destroyed seven Israeli tanks and APCs in this neighborhood.
He claims that Israeli soldiers were so scared and confused by Hamas tactics that they haphazardly opened fire on civilians. He contends that Hamas didn't fight in civilian areas or put Palestinians at risk, even though he admits that militants tried to lure Israeli forces into the urban neighborhoods in an attempt to ambush the forces.
He contends that Hamas lost only 48 fighters and argues that Israel lost far more soldiers than it is willing to admit. (Nine Israeli soldiers were killed in Gaza, with at least five killed by friendly fire.)
The masked commander with his AK-47 strapped awkwardly across his generous pot belly hardly seems like a military strategist. He makes vacuous boats of triumph while surrounded by rubble. And the dirty penny loafers he wears don't seem to match the camouflage pants and jacket he is wearing. It is somehow reminiscent of the Iraqi officials who claimed that US forces were not in Baghdad even as split screen images showed American tanks taking over the city's airport in the closing days of the 2003 invasion.
“They did not achieve anything,” the Hamas commander says before heading off into the ruins of Gaza City.
Raiders coach Jack Del Rio spoke with reporters Tuesday morning for nearly an hour at the NFL owners meetings in Phoenix. Here is Part I of a transcription taken off audio provided by the NFL:
Q: Any positions that you're eyeing?
Del Rio: I think we really look at our roster and say throughout our roster we can improve ourselves. We can coach 'em better, we need to add some talent, make it a little more competitive, but we feel like what we've done throughout this offseason we have fortified ourselves, that we did strengthen ourselves, in particular up the middle in our defense, with the D-tackle, actually another D-tackle that we're close with coming back. A couple of linebackers, a safety. We got started up the middle. And offensively, getting the center, getting Hudson, it helped us a great deal, it weakened a division rival. I feel like we had a good, solid offseason. It wasn't the sexy, get the name receiver that everybody is clamoring for. That's not what it was. But was an effective, kind of methodical approach to going out and filling some needs and addressing some of the issues we felt we had with our roster.
Q: Projecting starting guards?
Del Rio: The great thing about it is you don't have to project your starting lineups at this time of year. We know Gabe held down the left side and played very well last year as a rookie. At this point there's going to be competition for the right guard spot.
Q: Can you see Khalif Barnes? He's played almost every spot? Competing on inside, where do you see him fitting in?
Del Rio: They're all going to compete, so we're going to play the best five. Whoever that might be. That's like to be a very competitive situation in camp. I like Khalif more as a guy that has the ability to be a utility guy, but if he ends up being the fifth best option, then so be it. If he earns it, then we're certainly not going to stand in his way and have the best people on the field.
Q: As guy who grew up in Oakland area, what's your vision of the franchise . ..
Del Rio: The biggest thing for me, I grew up there when that was a great organization. Really it's been a little bit of a while now, we want to bring the franchise back to greatness. We want to re-establish ourselves as one of the premiere franchises in the league. It has a great tradition and we want to live up to that. We feel like we have great fans, we feel like we have real passionate fans, and I was at dinner last night with Howie Long. He's a great former Raider, and remains a Raider, but a Hall of Fame Raider, and we want guys like that to be real proud of what we're doing.
Q: Thoughts of moving Khalil Mack to defensive end or is he a linebacker?
Del Rio: He plays defensive end already for us in sub packages. I think it's being natural for him to be able to play whatever we decide is best for him, how it helps the team best. He's going to play, last year I think, the number of sub snaps in the league has gone up each year. I think we're up close to 70 percent of your snaps now you're facing three or four receiver sets and so a sub package where Khalil is an end is really the most prominent. He definitely has shown me has the ability to be an edge rusher, a defensive end, and he is that in that capacity. I feel like it's whatever we, how we best want to utilize him and who we have around him.
Q: How high can Derek Carr reach in 2015?
Del Rio: Well, I think what I'm most excited about is he's getting in and not making it so much about Derek. I thought it was all about Derek last year. We want to be able to run the ball. We want to play good defense. We want to do the things that are necessary to help us be a good football team. I think as we do some of those things around him, he has a chance to really flourish. He's a real accurate guy. Move the chains for us. Take some of those shots down the field, distribute the ball. I think Derek has a huge upside. We're excited about getting to work with him. One thing about Derek, he's a tenacious worker. From what I've gathered in the building, just watching him, he's coming through now, working on things on his own, doing things on his own, just wants to get started. Of course, we're limited to what we can do because of the CBA, but he's pushing to do everything possible right now. I'm excited to get my hands on him. But he's a guy who's shown he's got a real quick stroke. He's accurate. He's bright. He did some of the things that we're going to want to do, that Bill Musgrave brings with us. He did some of those things at Fresno. We're looking forward to getting going with him. I think he's got a big upside.
Q: What do you see in Trent Richardson that the Browns missed?
Del Rio: I think they did see it. I mean, I think if you go back, a pretty high pick, and then a pretty significant trade. I think both teams did see talent. I don't think there's any disputing that the young man has talent. What I saw, when we brought him and talked to him, was young man that was hungry to kind of leave that portion of his career behind him and start fresh. My challenge to him was, look, I don't want you to worry about anything other than coming in here and competing your butt off every day. Come in here and be a great teammate, come in here and find a role on special teams. Come in here and just grind every day with the hunger, like you had as a freshman at Alabama. He's got to compete for everything he gets. He knows that. I laid that out there for him from the start. I really believe that if he can recapture that, he has a chance to maximize that potential and that potential's great. But why worry about what it might turn in to? Let's just work day to day, being a great teammate, being unselfish, working your tail off every day, see where it takes you.
Q: Wide open at running back then?
Del Rio: I think it will be a competitive situation, yeah.
Q: What is role you envision for Roy Helu? Third down back?
Del Rio: That's the role he was in at Washington. He has aspirations of doing more. Again, we'll let these guys compete for their roles. I think having some solid depth, having guys in there that have done it, that can step up in protection, that are reliable targets getting out of the backfield on third down. Those are important qualities. Adding the ability to cover kicks and do things on special teams, that's important. Not everybody can be the guy who scores a touchdown. We have other things that have to be done. We're going to ask our guys to be unselfish, to play hard, play together, so those are, we just talkeda bout there good players that will have a chance to get in and compete for their roles and create opportunities for themselves to be heavily involved.
Q: NFL talking about re-writing rule book, how thick it is, how difficult to absorb everything, ins, outs, exceptions. Would it help if it was simplified?
Del Rio: I think we have a great game If they can make, I think the job the officials do, they have a very difficult job. If we can make that job just a little bit easier by simplifying some of the rules, by clarifying some of the rules, I'm all for it. Again, I'm going to start with, I think we have a great game now, the way it is. If they feel there are opportunities to make it a little bit better, then it's worth looking at.
Q: As D-coordinator have to know certain things, as head coach, all decisions have to make, have to study all rules . . .
Del Rio: I've always prided myself in being aware as possible of the various rules and various scenarios that come up during a game so that we can respond properly. I think the important thing is not that I understand it, but that we teach our players to have a situational awareness of the rules and how they apply so that we can play within the rules. We want to play hard and tough and physical and things, but we want to play within the rules so I think it's important to understand how they're being officiated and what you can and cannot do.
Q: Did you have been relationship with Reggie McKenzie and talk about how your personalities and philosophies mesh . . .
Del Rio: Only as players. We knew each other going way back, I think it was the Japan Bowl or something. The postseason bowl after our college careers. We've known each other for a long time. But in terms of philosophies, I think the one thing we both appreciate are big guys. We appreciate big me in the trenches. We believe in having a physical football team and I think that starts with the offensive and defensive line and so I think we both have a healthy respect for what the players go through, what the demands are, and how important it is to get good players. I think that's where I'd start. He's a real guy to get along with. We communicate, try to communicate daily. It's a process that we're going to work at. Any relationship, you've got to work at it, but he's a good guy.
Radamel Falcao: Moved on from Monaco
Monaco vice-chairman Vadim Vasilyev admits he was not happy at Radamel Falcao's departure, but the club must move on.
The Colombia international left the Ligue 1 side after just one season to join Manchester United on transfer deadline day, switching on a season-long loan, with an option to buy.
The former Atletico Madrid striker had been tipped to secure a move to Real Madrid and Vasilyev denied the striker's departure had been planned a year previously as some Spanish media suggested.
Vadim Vasilyev: Disappointed to lose Falcao
In comments reported by L'Equipe, Vasilyev is quoted as saying: “If he had left for Real Madrid, that could have lent to that theory, but that is not the case. That he was going to leave, one day, maybe, but not after a season. That was not planned.
“I understand (fans' disappointment) but that is football. If there is an offer and the player wants to leave. I am not happy that Falcao left, but when a player wants to leave, you shouldn't keep him. It is nonsensical.”
Monaco also lost James Rodriguez to Real Madrid and Vasilyev believes the club should be proud.
Proud
I am not happy that Falcao left, but when a player wants to leave, you shouldn't keep him. It is nonsensical. Monaco vice-chairman Vadim Vasilyev
“We should be proud that our players are going there. I believe in our project but we are not at the level that those clubs are at,” he said, believing to be at Real and United's level was ‘impossible'.
“To build one of the biggest clubs in the world you need more than money and ambition: you need to be in a big town, to have a population around you, play in a big league. There are several elements there which just don't exist. But we can reach a very good European level and play a role in the Champions League.”
Bankrolled by owner Dmitry Rybolovlev, Monaco spent heavily to recruit Falcao, James and Joao Moutinho in 2013.
Vasilyev added: “There is a change (in transfer policy), but it is not brutal. If you look at the interviews from last year, I always said, after the signings of Moutinho, Falcao and James, we would make less big investments.
“Nobody believed us, they thought we would go ahead and buy Messi and Ronaldo. Okay, for you maybe, it was a little more sudden than what I said. Three elements have made us change strategy.
Berbatov: One of three senior strikers left at Monaco, along with Lacina Traore and Valere Germain
“First of all, Financial Fair Play. Some of the sanctions are merely reprimands but others can be painful: PSG and Manchester City have been hit by heavy sanctions: fines, transfer embargoes, salary caps. Those are serious.
“The president told me, 'I have already invested money and now I have to pay a price to play in the Champions League? It is out of the question'
“The second element is the fact that it is going to cost us €50m more than we expected to play in the league. That also comes from the president directly.
“Thirdly, we thought that Monaco would make earnings much quicker. We thought that with the stars we signed, sponsors would come. I was counting on more sponsorships, but they did not come. When Falcao arrived, we spoke a lot about Monaco but the sponsors did not queue up. To make them do so, I think it will take time. You spend a lot, but for that to have an impact, you have to wait for years.”
Langston Hughes once asked, “What happens to a dream deferred?” Does it follow you like a student loan, affecting your life for decades to come? For youth around the country, higher education has become increasingly unaffordable and garners the risk of getting stuck in one of the worst types of debt.
Recent college students are defaulting on loans at the highest rate in two decades. This can lead to garnished wages, intercepted tax returns, being sued, and even having Social Security withheld later in life. Nationwide, student debt has tripled over the past decade to a staggering $1.2 trillion. The class of 2014 is graduating as the “most indebted class ever,” and the trend shows no signs of decreasing.
People of color and women are disproportionally affected by the student debt trap. Students of color have higher amounts of debt compared to their white counterparts, with African-American students having the highest differential, at 29.5%. And since women make only 59% of what men earn over their lifetimes, women have a harder time making loan payments and must devote a larger portion of their paychecks to student loans than men.
Overall, this is the direct result of the massive neoliberal cuts to education implemented after the Great Recession that slashed the funding of higher education institutions by 23%. Public colleges responded by raising tuition rates which, combined with families' falling incomes, caused students to take out larger and larger loans to cover the costs.
Another driver of student debt is hundreds of for-profit schools that can be up to twice as expensive as state universities and six times as expensive as community colleges. Forprofit colleges also encourage their recruiters to increase enrollment by using fear tactics that prey on low-income youth.
Under capitalism, corporations like Sallie Mae trap students in a vicious cycle of debt with huge interest rates. This is similar to when major banks created the sub-prime mortgage crisis, setting in motion capitalism's worst recession since the Great Depression. Afterward, the banks got bailed out and the homeowners had to deal with the consequences of foreclosures and evictions. College students are now stuck in a stalled economy, unable to find employment with an income high enough to pay back their loans in time, creating a student debt bubble reminiscent of the housing bubble in 2007.
President Obama has worked to lower the interest rate on student loans and cap monthly loan payments at 10% of a student's income. Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren has proposed a bill that would allow students to refinance their loans at lower interest rates. Although these would be small steps in the right direction, they are not nearly enough to curb the exploitive nature of capitalism and the student debt trap. Socialist Alternative would take it much further, proposing to cancel all student debt.
Education should be a human right. Our country should make higher education free, as they have done in some Nordic countries like Sweden, where not only is higher education free, but students are given a monthly grant to help with living expenses.
Instead of offering youth a promising future, capitalism makes students carry the burden of its failures as a social system. The fight to cancel student debt needs to be connected to the fight for the socialist transformation of society, where corporations are publicly owned and democratically controlled so economic decisions are based on human and environmental needs, not maximizing profits.
What message do we want to send to future generations: that they should reach for their dreams, or struggle just to survive?
KUWAIT CITY, May 29: The Legislative Affairs Committee in the Parliament will soon endorse the proposal to impose tax on expatriates' remittances, reports Al-Shahid daily quoting sources.
Confirming that the government and Parliament have expressed support for the bill, sources disclosed the proposal is to impose two percent tax on remittances below KD 100, four percent on remittances ranging from KD 100 to KD 500, and five percent on remittances above KD 500.
Sources said the tax collected through these remittances will go directly to the State's Treasury. Sources explained that tax will be collected through stamps to be issued by the Ministry of Finance while the money exchange companies and banks accredited by the ministry will be required to submit receipts to guarantee transparency of monitoring and auditing procedures.
Sources said any expatriate who will send money to his home country through other channels in order to avoid paying tax will be imprisoned for not more than six months and fined not more than KD 10,000.
It is worth mentioning that the total amount of remittances in the last five years reached almost KD 19 billion which is equal to the budget of the State for one year.
MP Faisal Al-Duwaisan has forwarded questions to Minister of Commerce and Industry Yusuf Ali on the implementation of Consumer Protection Law No. 39/2014, especially during Ramadan.
Al-Duwaisan asked about the policies of the ministry to activate its oversight role in protecting consumers, number of complaints it received in the last three months, number of cases filed, and actions taken to address price increase issues.
The lawmaker pointed out that two years ago, the National Assembly ratified the law on consumer protection.
He said Chapter Two of the law stipulates establishment of the National Consumer Protection Committee, headed by the minister, to implement this law in line with the decision of the Commerce and Industry Ministry. It shall focus on consumer protection and safeguarding the interests of consumers.
The committee consists of a deputy chairman and members from a number of government agencies, whose rank should not be less than that of an assistant undersecretary or its equivalent. He added the committee's functions include laying down a general policy, plans or programs to protect consumers; receiving complaints from consumers and consumer protection associations; investigating such complaints; informing the competent authorities; and filing cases in the interest of consumers.
Meanwhile, MP Ali Al-Khamis has submitted queries to Minister of Information and State Minister for Youth Affairs Sheikh Salman Al-Hamoud about Al-Anwar TV. He wants to know if the Ministry of Information issued a license to the channel, if channel's headquarters is located in Kuwait, and if its space programs are broadcasted through the State of Kuwait.
He also requested for a copy of the channel's license, information about the director general, list of people licensed to work in the channel, total number of employees and copies of their work contracts. On the other hand, MP Askar Al-Anezi criticized the Kuwait Municipality's decision to cut electricity from a number of residential units in Jahra due to violations.
He asserted the Municipality did not even consider the fact that the citizens living in those residential units include children, women and elderly who will suffer without electricity due to the hot weather. He said the decision was executed in an abrupt manner, without issuing notices or warnings for the erring residents to rectify their errors. He then urged Minister of Communications and State Minister for Municipality Affairs Eissa Al-Kandari to ensure reconnection of electricity to these houses.
Agreeing with his colleague, MP Madhi Al- Hajri added it is unacceptable that the government turns a blind eye on grave violations committed by numerous bodies and cost the country millions, but hastens to punish the less fortunate citizens who were not even given a notice or warning prior to the power disconnection
By Abubakar A. Ibrahim and Ahmed Al-Naqeeb Arab Times Staff and Agencies
Volkswagen has a four-seat version of its XL1 hybrid on the drawing board.
The current, two-door, two-seat model is in limited production, but Autocar understands that VW bosses are now considering building a second version that will accommodate four adults.
Ferdinand Piech, the chairman of the Volkswagen Group supervisory board, instigated the project to build a car that was capable of travelling 100km (62 miles) on one litre of fuel. That has culminated in the production version of the XL1, which is officially rated at 310mpg.
It is said that Piech is very keen to see VW remain at the cutting edge of what the company calls ‘super-efficient vehicles' and wants to take the concept a step further, especially with the super-aero Honda FCV fuel-cell car set to go on sale at the start of 2015.
According to sources, much of the XL1 technology will be carried over into a new car – particularly the front and rear subframes and suspension and braking systems – although the central body structure would have to be totally rethought.
The XL1's carbon tub would have to be replaced from scratch, but the staggered seating would remain because this is an essential element of keeping the car narrow and reducing its frontal area.
The new model – possibly called XL2 – would have to have two rear doors, which would most likely be rear-hinged like those on the BMW i3.
It is also likely that the current 800cc twin-cylinder diesel engine (which delivers 47bhp) and the electric motor (27bhp) would have to be upgraded with more power, although VW would aim to retain the same overall efficiency. The 5.5kWh lithium-ion battery would also probably be enlarged.
Italy might finally be about to get ahold of one of the former CIA operatives convicted in absentia over their role in the US extraordinary rendition program, as a Portugal court has ruled that Sabrina De Sousa should be turned over to the Italian government to serve her six-year sentence.
De Sousa was a CIA operative posing as a US diplomat in Italy during the 2003 kidnapping scheme, but insists she was not involved. She publicly accused the US of conspiring with Italian leaders to prosecute innocent agents in return for protecting the higher-ups who approved the rendition in the first place.
On February 17, 2003, CIA agents kidnapped Milan cleric Abu Omar and snuck him out of Italy. He was subsequently sent to Egypt, where he was tortured in custody for years. In 2007, the Egyptian government ordered him released, saying his detention was totally unfounded.
The incident of kidnapping an imam in broad daylight off the streets of a major European city is considered one of the seminal examples of the US extraordinary rendition program. In 2009 Italy convicted 22 CIA agents in absentia over the kidnapping.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
NASA's Kepler space telescope has unexpectedly gone into an emergency operations mode, halting the start of a much-anticipated phase of its planet hunt. Engineers are working to try to get the probe working normally.
Kepler apparently entered the mode on April 6, according to an April 8 update from Charlie Sobeck, the mission manager at NASA's Ames Research Center in Moffett Field, California. In emergency mode, Kepler burns more of its dwindling supply of fuel, which is needed to ignite its thrusters and orient the spacecraft to communicate with Earth. The spacecraft had not yet executed the turning manoeuvre that would have started the new planet hunt.
Until now, Kepler has discovered planets by watching for the slight dimming of starlight caused by an orbiting planet passing in front of a star. The probe has been wildly successful at this task, finding more than 1,040 confirmed planets and more than 4,700 planet candidates since its 2009 launch.
The new campaign was to have run from April 7 to July 1. It would have looked for the temporary brightening of stars caused by a different effect, known as gravitational microlensing. In microlensing, the gravity of an intervening object—such as a planet—focuses and intensifies the light from a background star, causing it to brighten. Unlike Kepler's other discoveries, which tend to be smaller planets relatively close to their host stars, microlensing targets big planets at large distances from their stars, or even lonely planets wandering on their own through the depths of space.
Ground-based telescopes have discovered 46 planets through microlensing, and astronomers were hoping that Kepler would uncover 10 or more during its campaign. (The space telescope would have upped its chances by turning to look at the star-spangled heart of the Milky Way.) Such discoveries could help to narrow the statistics on how common free-floating planets might be throughout the Galaxy.
Ground game
Astronomers have coordinated an elaborate plan in which some two dozen ground-based telescopes, spread across six continents, would gaze at the same part of the sky at the same time as Kepler. They include the Optical Gravitational Lensing Experiment (OGLE) survey, which hunts for microlensing events from the Las Campanas Observatory in Chile. OGLE was to have shifted its observing strategy slightly in order to overlap with the same fields that Kepler was looking at. In late June, NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope was to have joined the hunt as well.
It would have been the first microlensing survey conducted simultaneously from the ground and from space. Those different vantage points would have allowed astronomers to study potential microlensing planets more easily than using just one or two ground-based telescopes.
“There's a strong feeling like it's Christmas morning; we were all set to unwrap a shiny new toy, and then we had to put everything on hold due to a power outage or something,” says Andrew Cole, an astronomer at the University of Tasmania in Hobart, Australia. His team had planned to use a 1.3-metre telescope in Tasmania to follow up on microlensing alerts from Kepler.
For now, the start of Kepler's microlensing campaign is on hold until engineers can get the telescope working again. It is currently about 120 million kilometres from Earth, meaning each message takes 13 minutes to get to Kepler and back.
Days lost from the microlensing campaign cannot be made up later. On July 2, the day after the observations were due to end, Kepler will no longer be in the proper orbital position, relative to the Sun, to be able to hunt for microlensing planets.
Paul Hertz, NASA's director of astrophysics, has touted the Kepler microlensing survey as a step towards the agency's next big space telescope, the Wide-Field Infrared Survey Telescope, which is meant to do microlensing searches after it launches in the 2020s.
The latest glitch is not Kepler's first problem. Issues with its reaction wheels, which allow the spacecraft to orient itself, caused the main mission to end in May 2013 after four years of observing. It has been operating since then in a more limited 'K2' mode, which uses pressure from sunlight to compensate for the loss of the reaction wheels. Even that, however, has yielded a bonanza of exoplanets.
This article is reproduced with permission and was first published on April 10, 2016.
If you're having trouble downloading app updates from the Play Store right now, you're in good company. We're getting reports from multiple Android Police readers that Error 944, a rather nondescript problem that prevents automatic and manual updates, is interrupting said updates on apps all over the store. While many people are not seeing the errors, at least one AP staff member is finding them on multiple apps. It's pretty frustrating.
Right now that's about all there is to report - we'd love to elaborate, but the Play Store's error message is as vague as always. There doesn't seem to be any discernable pattern to which apps are affected and which aren't. Considering Google's record in fixing store-wide problems affecting a large number of users, this could be patched up in a matter of hours... or weeks. We'll see. This story will be updated with any relevant information.
Attending PAX East and want to know who is exhibiting at what tables? We've been given the list of exhibitors in the tabletop hall, which currently do not show up in the Guidebook app, the only version of the program and show's floorplan available.
The tabletop booths will be along the right (north) edge of the space, near the skybridge. From the main Queue Room entrance on up to the Lenovo Legion PC Room, the following companies will have a presence in the tabletop hall:
Gamewright, Q-Workshop, Asmodee NA
Compleat Strategist (local game store), Steve Jackson Games
Battleground Games & Hobbies (local game store), Level Up Dice, Fun to 11, Tectonic Craft Studios
CMON, Wyrmwood Gaming
Burning Wheel, Japanime/Global Games Distribution, Greenbriar Games
Modern Myths NY (“local” game store), Armor Class 10 Shirts
Pandemonium Games (local game store), Crit Success, Dragoon/Lay Waste Games
Atlas Games, United States Professional Mahjong League
Drinking Quest, Aviary Games, SFR
AdMagic
Greater Than Games
Foam Brain Games (“local” game store)
Although the PAX 2017 program book that appears in the Guidebook app doesn't break down the tabletop hall, PAX's Tabletop Manager has said that this year a detailed map of the tabletop area will appear in the program.
Last year, we published an April Fools post about a new Harley-Davidson engine called the “Milwaukee-Eight.” The post was total BS, of course, except for the name; Harley-Davidson does, in fact, own the trademark for that Milwaukee-Eight. (UPDATE: Harley-Davidson has now officially announced the Milwaukee-Eight engine.)
Thanks to new 2017 motorcycle certification data released by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, we now have details about Harley's newest engine which will replace the Twin Cam engine.
According to the EPA's data, Harley-Davidson will introduce a new 1746cc (107ci) engine with a larger 1868cc (114ci) engine for CVO models. The new engine will be used on the: CVO Street Glide, CVO Ultra Limited, Electra Glide Ultra Limited Low, Road Glide Ultra, Ultra Limited, Ultra Limited Shrine Edition and the Tri Glide Ultra and Free Wheeler trikes.
The EPA data has the 1746cc engine producing 92.5 hp at 5000 rpm, compared to the previous 1688cc Twin Cam's EPA-rated 80.5 hp at 4000 rpm. Meanwhile the CVO models' 1868cc engine is EPA-rated at 100.6 hp at 5000 rpm, a significant increase over the current 1802cc engine's 87.2 hp at 4000 rpm.
Early speculation about the “Milwaukee-Eight” name assumed the number refers to the number of valves (as in four per cylinder). The EPA data however rubbishes this theory, confirming that the new engines will continue to use two valves per cylinder. (UPDATE: with the official announcement, Harley-Davidson confirms the engine uses four valves per cylinder, contradicting the information in the EPA's certification documents. We're going to take the manufacturer's word on this one over the government agency and assume the EPA's info is either outdated or an error.)
Assuming the EPA data is correct, we have a different theory for the name. Tracing Harley-Davidson's big twin engine history back to the 1914 F-Head, the Milwaukee Eight will be the eighth in the succession:
F-Head (1914-1929) Flathead (1930-1948) Knucklehead (1936-1947) Panhead (1948-1965) Shovelhead (1966-1984) Evolution (1984-1999) Twin Cam (1999-2016) Milwaukee Eight (2017 onwards)
Harley-Davidson typically reveals its model updates in late August so we expect to hear official announcement in the next few weeks. Check back here at Motorcycle.com for the latest as it emerges.
Updated June 21, 2012 at 7:15 pm
Two media reports indicate that the City Clerk has taken umbrage at comments in this article, and I feel compelled to reply. As a general note, my quarrel was primarily with the TTC's representative, not with the Clerk's staff.
From Inside Toronto:
Recent information sessions held for aspiring civilian TTC commissioners were always intended as informal drop-in sessions rather than organized meetings, said a spokesperson for the city on Wednesday. Martin Herzog characterized the four sessions, two of which took place Tuesday in Scarborough and North York, as an opportunity for individuals interested in applying to join the TTC board to get further information about the application process. Herzog was responding to criticism that emerged this week on how the sessions were run. “The sessions were never designed to be meetings with formal presentations,” said Herzog, the city's acting manager for governance structures and corporate performance. “There was no formula for this.”
And later:
Online criticism of the information sessions is completely inaccurate, said Herzog. “There's some stuff trickling around full of factual errors,” he said.
There are no “factual errors” in my article, and methinks the Clerk doth protest too much. Whether it was the original intent or not, Monday's “drop in” turned into a 90-minute Q&A with the TTC's Vince Rodo that had no prepared content, but lots of remarks that left a bad taste in my mouth particularly when coupled with earlier comments from a member of Council who sits on the Civic Appointments Committee.
As I reported, the Clerk's Office had prepared a briefing package for those who attended and it contained a great deal of well-organized material culled from the City's website.
From NOW:
Joe Borowiec of the city manager's office dismisses the suggestion the external headhunting process has made outreach to the general public redundant. He says Munro misunderstood the intent of the public sessions, and that they were intended to be drop-in sessions rather than formal meetings. Borowiec says that the city manager's office is required to open the process to the public and insists that that all applications will be taken seriously. “There's no reason why someone who walks in off the street and picks up a form would not be a successful applicant,” Borowiec says. “We're not looking to limit it to only corporate directors. We're looking to reach out and communicate with anybody and everybody out there because we don't know where those possible candidates are.”
That's not what Rodo (the seeker of “Barons of industry”) said, and it's not what the specifications for the job state. If Council actually intends director-level experience as a “nice to have”, not a “must have”, then they need to say that explicitly in the job ad.
Meanwhile, in answer to all who have asked, I will not be applying. Becoming a Commissioner would severely compromise my ability to comment independently and to interact with various agencies and my now-peers in the journalistic/blogging community. Much more can be achieved as an independent external voice.
Updated June 19, 2012 at 7:00 am
Yesterday evening, I attended an “Information Session” at City Hall intended to brief would-be transit commissioners on the application process and on the role of the position. For a seasoned TTC veteran, there was nothing new, but the whole point of attending was to look at the process and see who else was there.
From the outset, it was clear that the City and TTC treated the event as something they had to do, one of those obligatory bits of so-called citizen participation. For what was described as an important, high-profile Council appointment, the would-be applicants got to sit in a corner of the rotunda while TTC's Chief Financial and Administration Officer, Vince Rodo, made an off-the-cuff and, at times, dismissive presentation.
“Sit” was not actually the word considering that over half the two-dozen present had no chairs and no effort was made to find more in the 90 minutes we were there. The City does have Committee Rooms that would have suited the event much better, but for this important briefing, we sat in the lobby while bemused city staff, officials, councillors and press gallery members wandered by wondering what was going on.
Rodo talked about the Commission's hopes for the new “citizen” commissioners and the desire for “Barons of industry” who could bring their business expertise to the TTC. That more or less ruled out everyone present. Much later, he suggested that people could get qualifications by getting certification as a corporate director from one of the courses available at various colleges. This is not going to happen for anyone, even assuming they wanted to spend the money, between now and the July 4 application deadline.
That business expertise could include support for private sector participation, said Rodo, clearly stepping into an area of policy which is the Commission's role, not management's.
For a bit, we got into a discussion of the job description and requirements including “urban sustainability”. Rodo explained that this involved the linkage of city growth and development with public transit, and the ability of citizens to get around without owning a car. The irony of making such a claim for the TTC while standing only a stone's throw from an elevator leading to Mayor Ford's office passed by without comment.
Someone asked if the TTC had a sustainability plan, to which Rodo replied that it was, in effect, the City's Official Plan. What he didn't mention was that the TTC interfered with the creation of the current Plan to the point that there is no “transit plan” per se in it. Oddly enough, earlier the same day, TTC Chair Karen Stintz presented a motion at Planning and Growth Management Committee asking that:
City Council request that the City's planning staff work collaboratively with the Toronto Transit Commission to develop a list of transit priorities, to be approved by City Council, and that these priorities be included in the Official Plan review.
Rodo gave as examples of the TTC's environmental commitment the purchase of hybrid buses and new light rail vehicles. Well, yes, except that the TTC isn't buying hybrid buses any more because they have proved to be unreliable and not cost-effective.
A discussion of customer service and marketing campaigns took us off into familiar TTC territory of blaming the passengers. Rodo actually said that the problem with excessive use of the Passenger Assistance Alarms arises in part because people ride the TTC without adequate preparation — have a good meal and lots to drink because you'll be packed in and need your strength. Delays from subway fires arise from garbage on the tracks — never mind the infrequency with which it is cleaned up by the TTC, or the fire smells arising from overheated electrical equipment on trains. Doors are jammed because riders insist on trying to board trains even when crews close the doors on them with or without looking (a problem made worse by the new convention of placing the guards at the rear of 450-foot long trains).
This is the self-serving “customer service” crap we are used to hearing from the TTC, and it's not the sort of thing I would want to encourage in would-be commissioners, some of whom might actually hope to represent the riding public.
We were well into the last half-hour before questions on issues such as time required to fulfill the position, conflict-of-interest and other matters of substance were discussed.
In response to my question, the Clerk's representative confirmed that if any candidate wishes to talk to members of Council about their appointment, this would be “lobbying” and serious candidates should get on and use the City's Lobbyist Registry. This information is not in any of the background material for candidates, and will be especially important for those industry Barons and other politically well-connected applicants (notably absent from the briefing) who will almost certainly schmooze their way around Council offices.
The entire process left a very sour taste in my mouth. Clearly we were the “B-list”, the candidates for whom the City and TTC will make a pro-forma effort, but no more. At least the Clerk's Office prepared a compendium of information, but for a presentation Rodo could have done a lot worse than using the briefing given at the May 29 Civic Appointments Committee meeting. At least he might have been organized and better-informed.
There is, of course, a parallel process for those “Barons of industry” that will run through an HR consultant. The folks the City really wants on the TTC will be invited in for a nice chat. They will certainly get a chair, and they won't be treated to a rambling presentation that chews up 90 minutes of their time without conveying much information.
For the rest of us, the process is a sham and a disgrace.
The original article of June 13 follows below.
The City of Toronto has announced the process to apply for membership to the Toronto Transit Commission's Board. Although the TTC has been made up of only Council members for many years, earlier this year Council decided to add four “citizens” (non-Councillors) to the board in October 2012. One of these members will be selected as the Vice-Chair.
An overview of the process and the role of the Commissioners was presented at the Civic Appointments Committee's May meeting.
Council appears to be seeking expertise in areas that will not generally be found amount its own numbers from people whose backgrounds lie in the governance of large organizations and projects, finance, information technology, construction and transit.
No one applicant can possibly satisfy all of the criteria, and it is intended that the appointees will “collectively represent a range of skills, knowledge and experience”.
All of these sounds very professional until we hear from some Councillors who will actually make the selection.
Tess Kalinowski at the Star reports that one member of the Civic Appointments Committee has his own set of criteria for Commissioners.
Anyone can apply, but the city hopes to attract experts with “finance, urban transit and urban visioning experience,” said Councillor James Pasternak (York Centre) of the Civic Appointments Committee. “We have raised the bar for the TTC,” he said, adding that candidates should understand transit financing, not just operating dollars but how to finance the TTC's expansion. “We're also looking for candidates who really believe that, after approving so much in LRT in recent months, we would really get into subway visioning,” said Pasternak. … He also worries that TTC officials are too focused on a downtown relief subway line to take some of the crowding off the south end of Yonge. Although Pasternak said that's an important part of the picture, he wants to see the Sheppard line extended west linking the Downsview and Yonge-Sheppard stations.
The last time I looked, the idea of what are, in effect, “outside directors” for the TTC was to bring a fresh view to transit issues without prejudging matters to suit Councillors or the Mayor. Pasternak seems to be saying that he wants to reinforce the Mayor's “subways, subways, subways” approach to transit and focus on a line serving his own constituents, the Sheppard connection from Yonge to Downsview. Neither of these is mentioned in the qualifications for applicants that were approved by Council.
For her part, TTC Chair Karen Stintz noted that the DRL is already part of The Big Move (albeit on the far-distant 25-year map), but that there is “nothing to stop council from naming the North York Relief Line one of Toronto's transit priorities” (the quote is the Star's paraphrase). Well, yes there is. Priorities should be set because studies indicate which of many options should be at the top of the list, not just because someone draws a line on a map. If Council chooses to make transit policy on the fly, why would we even bother to have a TTC?
The most important role for the transit commission is to provide a forum where TTC policies, finance and operations can be considered in substantially more detail than at Council, and to provide advice to Council on how it should support the transit system. Council may choose to ignore TTC recommendations, but should not simply populate the Commission with trained seals whose only job is to provide the advice Councillors want to hear.
I am often asked whether I will put my name forward as a candidate. At this point, I have not made up my mind, but quotes like those attributed to Councillor Pasternak are disheartening. Simply by writing this article, I may have set my fate as a critic of a misguided view of how these important public appointments should be judged. If so, then it's clear that real independence is not wanted on the TTC, and anyone with a genuine desire to improve transit can be far more effective working outside of the Commission and Council. I would love to be proved wrong.
Happy Wednesday, family! As the sun also rises on yet another Wednesday Pensday in the District and beyond, we pause and reflect upon the mystery of Karl Alzner's mustache and its terrible, haunting beauty. A Requiem for a Shaving Cream.
Last week saw the Capitals play three games against previously Western conference foes, two of whom have now come east to roost. Let's take a swing through the Midwest and see whether the Caps played like homely milk maids or foxy farmers' daughters.
QUICK TAKES: Last Week: 3-0-0
Columbus Blue Jackets Win 4-3 (OT) – Ovechkin had the dandy winner in overtime, and I spilled my scotch in the celebratory hoopla. If only some product existed to Guard against Scotch. Oh, well.
Detroit Red Wings Win 4-3 (SO) – All Nick Backstrom does is win scoreless overtime shootouts, an does so with moves filthier than a Beijing fog cloud. Michael began climbing the NHL Latta with his first career goal, and gave us the most shock-uberant celebration of the season.
St. Louis Blues Win 4-1 – Ovechkin potted two daffodils to take the league lead in goals, and Braden Holtby was stunning. I mean, he played well too, but his hair – flawless.
Taking six out of six points will work any week. Caught up, let's take stock of where the Capitals are now.
Quarter Pole or Cole Porter: The Caps' De-Lovely Season
Well, looky here! A quarter of the way through the season, the Washington Capitals find themselves one point shy of first place in the newly-minted Metropolitan division. And like another first-rate Metropolitan – the Parisian subway – this baby is underground. ESPN.com currently has the Caps a paltry tenth in their power rankings, despite being just three points out of first in the East. Is the East weak? Like a half-assed blockade of Berlin. But a tidy dismantling of the St. Louis Blues and the specter of Jaroslav “Sorry About Your Playoff Hopes” Halak does plenty to speak to the strength of this team.
Wednesday's tilt against the barely-in-first-place Pittsburgh Penguins will be another useful measuring stick. The Pens are mustard-stained, Yuengling-soaked interlopers from the Land That Time Forgot, but they are a model franchise of perennial Cup contention.
Sidney Crosby is the most complete hockey player in the world, and their roster is deeper than Rob Ford's navel. If the Capitals can claim first place in the division, and do so by knocking off the Penguins, it will give credence to the following statement: This is the most complete Capitals team I can remember, from the net to behind the bench, from the first line to the fourth.
Ovechkin the Obestkin
Alex Ovechkin, like the surface of the Sun or a not-to-code industrial foundry, is hot. Extending to last season, he has forty goals over his last forty-two games. On the powerplay he drums up goals from the circle like a motivational speaker at Burning Man, and he's better off in the face-off than a chimp attack victim with a positive outlook.
Ovechkin is now tied for the league lead in goals with Alex Steen, St. Louis Blues forward and Clive Cussler character. What is striking is the variety of goals Ovechkin is scoring. Last season, most of them came via one-timers from the circle, on the powerplay. This year, Ovi has dangled, dinked, dunked, dipped, dived, deked and decked for his supper. Whether a curl-and-drag snap shot over the shoulder or a bunkerbusting slapper from just inside the zone, the Russian Machine, like a fine escort, is lubed up and rolling.
Just One Contract to Give: Backstrom or Ovechkin?
I wondered this to myself, and I think it bears asking, however rhetorically: If you were the GM of the Washington Capitals, and you only had one contract to give, would you give it to Backstrom or Ovechkin? “Blasphemy! Heresy! Lunacy!” cry the unwashed masses. “I've no interest in your ne'erdowell suppositions!” Yet despite these old-timey exclamations of incredulity, the question remains: who is more key to the Capitals' continued success?
Alex Ovechkin is Alex Ovechkin, X equals X and water is wet. He is the three-time Most Valuable Player of the League, and the only player ever to win the award from two different positions. He will own every Capitals franchise record when it's all said and done, and will likely go down as one of the game's all-time greatest players.
But Nick Backstrom is the glue of this whole team. Take away all the assists (in which he has led the team in five of the last seven years), take away all the goals (which he seems to score effortlessly), take away anything easily measurable.
Backstrom is the fulcrum this offense pivots on. Whether establishing the attack in the offensive zone, making smart entries through the neutral zone, or playing good possession-to-breakout hockey in his own zone, Nick is the Capitals' sanity in the midst of Beltway bedlam. Remember when people said Ovi was washed- up and over the hill? Guess whose injury and absence that coincided with: Backstrom. A cannon is a cannon, but if no one's around to load it, it's just a sideways trashcan.
Now let's shift chronological gears and turn to the week ahead, and the segment that Richie Incognito once belittled within an inch of tears:
LIABLE TO LIBEL: A BAKER'S A DOZEN LIES ABOUT THIS WEEK'S OPPONENTS
1. Penguins winger Jussi Jokinen always warms up in his favorite pair of sweatpants that say “Jussi” across the butt in glitter.
2. Marc-André Fleury has the best hyphen-to-soul-patch ratio in the league.
3. Gazing down upon the festering Gomorrah before them, the city's founders stated the obvious and called it Pittsburgh.
4. Some say that if you enter Consol Energy Center after dark, you can still hear the ghost of Sidney Crosby moaning for a call.
5. Montreal center Danny Brière asked his new teammates to call him “Brie,” but it was too cheesy.
6. Nine different bridges enter and exit Montreal, because wouldn't you want eight backup plans when it's time to leave?
7. Like fellow Montreal product Cirque du Soleil, no one can follow Canadiens games, but still clap politely because it seems like everyone else is.
8. Goalie Peter Budaj is good player and a swell guj.
9. The Toronto Maple Leafs have sent several letters to the mayor's office informing him that their logo is not, indeed, a pot leaf, and to please stop calling.
10. Rob Ford is now the biggest thug in Toronto, beating out previous title-holder Drake.
11. While some question the pluralization of the Maple Leafs name, no one mentions their minor league affiliates the Windsor Gooses or the Halifax Childs.
12. Phil Kessel is not actually fat, he just stores all his unrealized potential in his cheeks.
13. Winger Mason Raymond was named after his parents' investment firm.
So there you have it, Caps fans. Plenty to be optimistic about, and some fun hockey to watch this week. Pound the Pens, halt the Habs, lick the Leafs – simple stuff. With that I bid you adieu, and as always: Goodnight, good luck, and Go Caps.
Editor's note: Follow Jason on Twitter @HeyJayJRogers
Advertisements
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Daniel Sandford reports: "The three men... laughed and joked through parts of the hearing"
Three terrorism suspects were involved in a plot to behead a member of the British public "imminently" when they were arrested, a court has heard.
Nadir Ali Sayed, Yousaf Shah Syed and Haseeb Hamayoon were arrested three days before Remembrance Sunday.
During a preliminary hearing at Westminster Magistrates' Court, none of them applied for bail and they were remanded in custody.
Full details of the alleged plot were not given.
Rebecca Mundy, prosecuting, said the charges related to an alleged plan to carry out a beheading.
Mr Sayed, 21, from Hounslow, Mr Syed, 19, from High Wycombe, and Mr Hamayoon, 27, from Hayes, were arrested on 6 November in London and High Wycombe.
A fourth man, arrested in Uxbridge, west London, was released on Saturday with no further action against him.
Image copyright PA Image caption One of the men was arrested in High Wycombe in Buckinghamshire
The trio were charged earlier on Thursday - the 14th and final day that they could be held by police under terrorism legislation.
BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw said Mr Sayed and Mr Syed stood in the dock for most of the proceedings, "smiling and laughing as details were read out", while Mr Hamayoon remained seated.
Scotland Yard said the men had been charged with being "jointly engaged" in preparing for committing acts of terrorism.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Labour leadership hopeful Owen Smith vowed to fight from the centre ground blamed Jeremy Corbyn's supporters for talk of a split in the party.
The only challenger to Jeremy Corbyn was due to debate with the embattled Labour leader on Channel 4 News but Mr Corbyn pulled out to speak at a packed Liverpool rally instead.
Mr Smith, appearing alone on the programme, said he is attempting to win over Tory, Lib Dem and Green voters.
Asked if he is Blarite, a Milibandite or a Corbynista, he replied: "I'm none of those. I'm a Smithite, very, very clear.
"If I had somebody whom I hold up as my great hero, it's none of those, it's Nye Bevan, somebody who is a practical socialist."
He added: "You are oversimplifying what left and right wants in this country.
The reality is people who are middle class, working class, salaried, working week-to-week, day-to-day, all want to see public services properly provided for or want to see the wealthiest in society pay their fair share.
"All want to see a Government that's investing in different parts of the country. That isn't left or right, that's just good common sense."
In the interview Mr Smith, who wants a second referendum on the EU, insisted Labour should be given a place at the Brexit negotiating table.
He said: "We should be arguing that Labour has a mandate and a right to sit alongside the Tories and negotiate. This is much bigger than party politics.
"Labour should be arguing really toughly at European levels that we want to both have our cake and eat it."
The former shadow work and pensions secretary strongly denied he would be involved in a split of the Labour Party, talk of which he blamed on Mr Corbyn's supporters.
He said: "It is the Labour Party or nothing for me. There is no other vehicle that is going to come along.
"The people who are talking of a split are the hard left."
He was speaking after he was warned by shadow chancellor and Cobyn ally John McDonnell at the weekend to distance himself from talk of a split.
Since summer 2011, the project has been temporary suspended
New Gourna Village is located in Luxor on the West Bank of the Nile River, within the World Heritage property of Ancient Thebes in Egypt. The Village was designed and built between 1946 and 1952 by the famous Egyptian architect Hassan Fathy (1900-1989).
It was created to shelter the community of Old Gourna (Gournii ) who had lived above the tombs in the ancient cemetery of Thebes and whose relocation was considered as a solution to reduce the damages to the Pharaonic Tombs. The main characteristics of New Gourna Village consist of its reinterpretation of a traditional urban and architectural setting, its appropriate use of local materials and techniques, as well as its extraordinary sensitivity to climatic problems. It demonstrated, within the era of "modern movement" that sustainability and social cohesion could also be met with vernacular architectures, local materials and techniques. For this reason, it is an outstanding example of sustainable human settlement and appropriate use of technology in architecture and planning. Exposed in one of the major architecture and planning references, Architecture for the Poor: An Experiment in Rural Egypt by Hassan Fathy, published in 1976, these ideas inspired a new generation of architects and planners worldwide through an integration of vernacular technology with modern architectural principles.
Although New Gourna is situated inside the boundary of the World Heritage Property of Ancient Thebes with its Necropolis (inscribed in 1979 on the World Heritage List), its outstanding value was not considered in the nomination dossier at the moment of its preparation.
Following concerns on the serious state of degradation of the village, by both the World Heritage Committee and the academic world of experts on Hassan Fathy's architectural work who submitted an international petition, UNESCO initiated a project in 2009 for the safeguarding of this important site. This was agreed to in consultation with the Ministry of Culture of Egypt and the Governorate of Luxor.
After several preparatory missions and consultations with international expert organizations, first project activities were launched, consisting of documentation and the physical and the socio-economical surveys, in cooperation with the World Monuments Fund. A Scientific Committee composed of experts in the field of sustainable and earthen architecture was formed to guarantee the satisfactory launch of activities.
One of the fundamental goals of the proposed UNESCO initiative is to valorise the pioneering ideas and philosophy of Hassan Fathy's work and to reinforce its relevance to contemporary sustainability concerns. Fathy's tenets derived from humanistic values about the connections between people and places and the use of traditional knowledge and materials especially the exceptional advantages of earth as full-fledged construction material. New Gourna was a critical experiment in the implementation of that philosophy. Thus, the safeguarding of New Gourna is about more than just preserving its original design and fabric but also about promotion, communication and education.
The initiative also focuses on restoration and management concerns. The alteration and destruction of original structures and features are ongoing. The degraded state of conservation of New Gourna becomes evident through the destruction and collapse of major buildings due to lack of maintenance. Urgent restoration measures are needed to stop irreversible changes and loss. The number of original mud brick houses in Hassan Fathy's Gourna is considerably reduced. The few public buildings such as the Khan and the market are collapsing and the remaining open spaces are more and more encroached. The lack of infrastructure and maintenance of public facilities thus constitutes an important threat to the village as well as the ongoing very intense construction activity with reinforced concrete pillars in inconsistent out-of-scale buildings.
The many reasons behind this UNESCO initiative are:
The precursor ideas of Hassan Fathy, considered one of the unique world architects of the 20th century, and whose tenets, which derived from humanistic values, are still relevant to contemporary concerns. Hassan Fathy had a true vision on sustainable architecture and merits UNESCO's attention;
the disappearance of New Gourna Village, which is considered a critical experiment in the implementation of Hassan Fathy's philosophy, would be a great loss for humanity;
the fact that UNESCO has the responsibility to promote and share Hassan Fathy's ideas and vision with the world by contributing to the village rehabilitation, and improving the life of communities living in New Gourna;
the will to establish an International Centre for Sustainable Architecture (ICSA) in New Gourna, where training, research and experiment on subjects related to Hassan Fathy's ideas on sustainable architecture would be organized.
The long-term results may be summarized as follows:
New Gourna Village's state of conservation improved by emergency rehabilitation of the remaining original Hassan Fathy buildings;
Master Plan for conservation, rehabilitation and development defined and launched;
Regional and international promotion of Hassan Fathy's work as a symbol of sustainable architecture per se enhanced;
International Centre for Sustainable Architecture, dedicated to Hassan Fathy, as a world training and research institute for sustainable architecture created;
Regional and international awareness of earthen architectural heritage increased;
Capacity of local actors in management and conservation of earthen architecture enhanced;
A network of experts and institutions in the study, conservation and dissemination of sustainable architecture established.
Finally, UNESCO encourages interested Institutions and potential partners to contribute to the achievements of this Initiative, which will not only serve for the promotions of ideas of sustainable architecture but also help recognize the fundamental role of communities.
Project updates July- September 2010: Physical Survey of New Gourna Village
September- October 2010: Socio-Economic Survey Film
August-October 2010: Documentation and bibliographical research
2-3, October 2010: First Scientific Committee meeting in Luxor, Egypt
Links CRATerre : http://craterre.org/
Save the Heritage of Hassan Fathy: http://www.fathyheritage.com/
World Monuments Fund: http://www.wmf.org/project/new-gourna-village
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/hassanfathy
Archnet: http://archnet.org/library/parties/one-party.jsp?party_id=1
The Duggar's "19 Kids And Counting" has been canceled, but reading the Duggar family's statement you might not know that.
As we reported earlier, the Duggar family's "19 Kids And Counting" TV reality show has finally been canceled by TLC, ending months of speculation. News broke months ago that Josh Duggar, when he was a teenager, sexually molested five young girls, among them some of his sisters.
The Duggar family has released an official statement on their website this morning, and reading it you might not get the idea that their long-running show was canceled. In fact, they don't even use that word.
LOOK: Duggar Family's '19 Kids And Counting' Officially Canceled By TLC
In "Duggar Family Statement Regarding TLC's Announcement," they write "TLC announced that they will not be filming new episodes of 19 Kids and Counting."
That's it, no reason, TLC is just not going to be filming them anymore.
"Years ago, when we were asked to film our first one hour documentary about the logistics of raising 14 children, we felt that it was an opportunity to share with the world that children are a blessing and a gift from God," they continue.
In fact, the Duggars mention God, their faith, and the Bible 12 times in the statement. A few excerpts:
"Our desire in opening our home to the world is to share Bible principles that are the answers for life's problems."
"With God's grace and help Josh, our daughters and our entire family overcame a terrible situation, found healing and a way forward."
"It is our prayer that the painful situation our family went through many years ago can point people toward faith in God and help others who also have lived through similar dark situations to find help, hope and healing, as well."
"We appreciate the love, support, prayers and kindness extended to us by many of you."
"God's faithfulness and goodness to us, along with His abundant grace have given us strength and joy even in the most difficult days."
"We have committed to Him that in all thingsâ€”difficulties or success, good times or badâ€”we will purpose to bring Him honor by staying true to our faith and our family."
RELATED:
Report: Josh Duggar To Be Sued By Sex Abuse Victim
Duggar Daughter: 'Josh Was A Young Boy In Puberty And A Little Too Curious About Girls' (Video)
Just-Released Police Report: 15 Year Old Josh Duggar Allegedly Molested 5 Year Old Girl
Image via Facebook
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES.
(a) AUTHORIZATION-The President is authorized, subject to subsection (b), to use the Armed Forces of the United States as he determines to be necessary and appropriate in a limited and tailored manner against legitimate military targets in Syria, only to: (1) respond to the use of weapons of mass destruction by the Syrian government in the conflict in Syria; (2) deter Syria's use of such weapons in order to protect the national security interests of the United States and to protect our allies and partners against the use of such weapons; and (3) degrade Syria's capacity to use such weapons in the future.
The authority granted in section 2 does not authorize the use of the United States Armed Forces on the ground in Syria for the purpose of combat operations.
Senators Robert Menendez and Bob Corker, the Democratic and Republican leaders of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman, have offered a draft resolution that would give the president limited authority to attack Syria in order to "deter" and "degrade" the Syrian military's capacity to use chemical weapons.The resolution would initially give the president 60 days to act, though it also provides for an additional 30 day window subject to congressional disapproval. The resolution also includes language meant to quell concerns about the possibility of American boots on the ground, specifically:According to NBC's Kasie Hunt, Senator John McCain has already said he will not support the resolution. Presumably McCain believes the resolution's language is too narrow and believes President Obama should be granted broader authority, or should just move forward without Congress.
Meanwhile, in a press conference this morning in Sweden, President Obama continued making his case for attacking Syria, although he did acknowledge that Assad's use of chemical weapons likely did not pose an immediate threat to the United States. President Obama said that despite the obsession by many reporters and Republicans with his "red line" language from 2012, his own personal credibility wasn't at stake: Instead, he said, the the credibility of the opposition to chemical weapons by international community, including America as a nation, and Congress in particular, is on the line.
Zines, do-it-yourself magazines that were at peak popularity in the '70s and '80s, are regaining popularity at UT and across the nation.
The cultural reasons for this resurgence, as well as the overall cultural value of zines, is one of the topics of discussion for “Zines in the Scholarly World,” a panel talk Thursday at the Fine Arts Library featuring UT alumnus Michael Sieben and other zine experts.
“Zine is an abbreviation for the word magazine, so it takes a lot of different forms,” said Jason Urban, UT art lecturer and panelist for the discussion. “It's a small press publication, generally made by an individual, and it's expressing that individual's concerns and points of view.”
Fine Arts Librarian Laura Schwartz has been collecting zines over the past four years and has accumulated about 100 photography and art zines primarily produced by Texas artists.
Schwartz discovered that current artist-in-residence Sieben has been making zines since college and incorporates them into his exhibit “It Will All Happen Again” at the Visual Arts Center.
“I stumbled across zines through skateboarding, which is something I have been very active in throughout my life,” Sieben said. “I remember seeing a skateboarding zine, and it was very eye-opening in the term that all of the magazines I had seen up to that point were promoting zines in California, and this one was made in Texas promoting the local scene.”
Sieben said his art has been influenced by zine making, but the craft also landed him his current job as managing editor for “Thrasher Magazine.”
“When you're making a magazine that ships internationally, you're trying to make it appeal to as many people as you can,” Sieben said. “But, with a zine, you can be very specific about what your interests are.”
Zines gained popularity when the photocopy machine was invented but became a less common form of art after the development of the Internet.
“The Internet appeared and blogs sort of took over the role of zines for a time, but they've had a comeback in the hands of artists and designers,” Urban said. “They are still used to share people's personal ideas, but I think there's a new generation of makers who are finding the idea of making a physical publication on their own really refreshing after years of working with computers.”
Schwartz attributes the comeback of zines to the recent resurgence of do-it-yourself culture.
“People are hungry for tactile objects because everything that we deal with is digital and electronic,” Schwartz said. “You see this everywhere with do-it-yourself culture. People have gotten back into using a typewriter. People are knitting again. There are just so many things people are doing that are physical, and I think this is just one of those things.”
In addition to Sieben's exhibit, zines can be found in UT classrooms. There is a freshman UGS course called Zines in the Digital Age, and zines are one of the art forms taught in Two-dimensional Design — one of the lower division studio art classes — both of which Urban has taught.
“As part of the zine making class, the professor picks two or three of the best and then we add them to the collection, so, when they start the project, they know theirs might be picked to be added to the collection,“ Schwartz said.
In addition to the panel discussion this week, Sieben will hold a zine-making workshop April 12. Sieben said zines are a form of expression that anyone can publish and enjoy.
“There's something very freeing about it,” Sieben said. “It's obviously making something by yourself, so you can do whatever you want versus working with magazine or a book publisher where you have to work with art directors and editors. When you're making a zine, it's entirely your own voice.”
One of the favourite comparisons on the site is between strikers in the Premier League. One stat that we haven't yet implemented onto our Stats Centre, is the the Shots per Goal stat. This statistic shows how effective strikers are in the Premier League with the fewer shots per goal the better.
The table below shows strikers with 5 goals or more so far in the Premier League and you are able to sort the columns below by clicking on them. The best shots per goal stat in the Premier League so far is, surprisingly from Theo Walcott who averages 3.2 shots per goal. As you can see the best mins per goal stat is from Manchester United's Javier Hernandez who is scoring a goal every 78 mins with Edin Dzeko second on 96 mins – both players used sparingly so far this season but highly effective in front of goal.
[table id=134 /]
The graph below (click to enlarge) gives you a better visual of the players who are taking a lot of shots to score goals. Whilst Luis Suarez has had a brilliant season he is attempting 7.2 shots per goal – which is just more than double of Steven Fletcher's value of 3.57 shots per goal.
The average for the Top 27 players show above is 4.99 shots per goal – so any player below that mark can be called effective for their team whilst those above it are taking a few too many shots to score and maybe should try to add a little composure to their game. There are a fair few beneath the line with Michu being extremely effective as he's the joint top scorer in the league. Saying that Robin van Persie can also be classed as effective whereas Rooney's value is just above the average.
A short article today but if any of you wish to use the data and produce any larger pieces of analysis and wish for it to be published on eplindex.com – just get in touch with us via the Contact Us page and we'll review your article!
Mass Destruction Metalfest Lineup Finalized
Nile, Deceased, Demolition Hammer and -- all the way from Japan -- Sigh are among the bands confirmed for November 1st and 2nd.See the Events Listings for full details!
We have added lots of shows to our Events Listings!
If a show is not listed and should be, or an entry needs to be updated, please let us know in email.
WREKage interview with Xenoyr of Ne Obliviscaris
Before Ne Obliviscaris performed at the Masquerade, Kyle and Paul from WREKage interviewed Xenoyr, the "growl" vocalist and co-founder of NeO. Here is the interview, with apologies for the soft audio at the beginning; Xen is soft-spoken: https://youtu.be/3Os-jwQD-70
Remote listening to WREK, and WREKage, made easy
Thanks to Tech alumnus -- and legendary WREKage host -- John Selbie, there`s an awesome free app available for tuning in online to hear us. Look for the WREK Online app, written by John Selbie, in your normal app store.You can listen to the show live at midnight US Eastern time on Friday night until we get tired (or 6 am, whichever comes first). You can also listen to the archive afterwards using the app or www.wrek.org.
City in Rhode Island, United States
Warwick () is a city in Kent County, Rhode Island, the second largest city in the state with a population of 82,672 at the 2010 census. Warwick is located approximately 12 miles (19 km) south of downtown Providence, Rhode Island, 63 miles (101 km) southwest of Boston, Massachusetts, and 171 miles (275 km) northeast of New York City.
Warwick was founded by Samuel Gorton in 1642 and has witnessed major events in American history. It was decimated during King Philip's War (1675–76) and was the site of the Gaspee Affair, a significant prelude to the American Revolution. Warwick is also the home of Revolutionary War General Nathanael Greene, George Washington's second-in-command, and Civil War General George S. Greene, hero of the battle of Gettysburg. Today, it is home to Rhode Island's main airport T. F. Green Airport, which serves the Providence area and also functions as a reliever for Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts.
Early history [ edit ]
Warwick was founded in 1642[3] by Samuel Gorton when Narragansett Indian Sachem Miantonomi sold him the Shawhomett Purchase for 144 fathoms of wampum. This included the towns of Coventry and West Warwick, Rhode Island. However, the purchase was not without dispute. Sachems Sacononoco and Pumham claimed that Miantonomi had sold the land without asking for their approval. They took their case to Boston, where they placed their lands under Massachusetts rule. In 1643, Massachusetts Bay Colony sent a militia force to Shawomett to arrest Gorton and his followers. After a tense standoff, all but three of the Gortonists surrendered to the Massachusetts force. This event caused the other three settlements on Narragansett Bay (Providence Plantations, Portsmouth, and Newport) to unite and get a royal charter allowing them to form the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.[4]
In 1648, Gorton was granted a Charter by Robert Rich, 2nd Earl of Warwick, Lord Admiral and head of the Parliamentary Commission on Plantation Affairs. Because of this, the name of the settlement was changed from Shawhomett to Warwick. Massachusetts continued to lay claim to the area, but it made no further effort to enforce it.[4]
In 1772, Warwick was the scene of the first violent act against the British Crown in the Gaspee Affair. Local patriots boarded the Gaspee,[5] a revenue cutter that enforced the Stamp Act 1765 and Townshend Acts in Narragansett Bay. It was here that the first blood was spilled in the American Revolution when Gaspee's commanding officer Lt. Dudingston was shot and seriously wounded during the struggle for the ship. The Gaspee was stripped of all cannon and arms, then burned.[6]
During the Revolution, Warwick militiamen participated in the battles of Montreal, Quebec, Saratoga, Monmouth, and Trenton, and they were present for the British surrender at Yorktown in 1781.
Transportation [ edit ]
Major traversing highways include:
Interstate 95 is the major thoroughfare of Rhode Island, with the first southbound exit in Warwick at Jefferson Boulevard, and ending with the Route 117 interchange, near the Apponaug rotaries. Interstate 295 connects to the main highway at exit 11, providing direct travel to Woonsocket and Massachusetts. Smaller routes include Route 37 (Lincoln Avenue Freeway) connecting 295 to U.S. Route 1, and the Airport Connector Road.
T. F. Green Airport is a station on the Providence/Stoughton Commuter Rail Line, providing weekday service to Providence Station and Boston's South Station.[7]
Climate [ edit ]
Climate data for Warwick, Rhode Island (T.F. Green Airport), 1981–2010 normals Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year Record high °F (°C) 69
(21) 72
(22) 90
(32) 98
(37) 96
(36) 98
(37) 102
(39) 104
(40) 100
(38) 88
(31) 81
(27) 77
(25) 104
(40) Average high °F (°C) 37.4
(3.0) 40.3
(4.6) 47.8
(8.8) 58.6
(14.8) 68.4
(20.2) 77.5
(25.3) 82.8
(28.2) 81.4
(27.4) 74.2
(23.4) 63.3
(17.4) 53.2
(11.8) 42.3
(5.7) 60.6
(15.9) Average low °F (°C) 21.0
(−6.1) 23.6
(−4.7) 30.0
(−1.1) 39.6
(4.2) 48.6
(9.2) 58.4
(14.7) 64.2
(17.9) 63.2
(17.3) 55.3
(12.9) 43.9
(6.6) 35.7
(2.1) 26.3
(−3.2) 42.5
(5.8) Record low °F (°C) −13
(−25) −17
(−27) 1
(−17) 11
(−12) 29
(−2) 39
(4) 48
(9) 40
(4) 32
(0) 20
(−7) 6
(−14) −12
(−24) −17
(−27) Average precipitation inches (mm) 3.76
(96) 3.34
(85) 5.00
(127) 4.36
(111) 3.55
(90) 3.64
(92) 3.28
(83) 3.60
(91) 3.92
(100) 3.92
(100) 4.51
(115) 4.21
(107) 47.09
(1,196) Average snowfall inches (cm) 10.3
(26) 8.6
(22) 5.6
(14) 0.7
(1.8) 0
(0) 0
(0) 0
(0) 0
(0) 0
(0) 0
(0) 1.4
(3.6) 7.3
(19) 33.8
(86) Average precipitation days (≥ 0.01 in) 11.0 9.7 11.9 11.3 12.0 10.9 9.4 9.0 8.7 9.4 10.1 11.6 125.0 Average snowy days (≥ 0.1 in) 5.6 4.7 3.4 0.6 0 0 0 0 0 0 0.6 3.4 18.3 Mean monthly sunshine hours 170.5 175.2 217.0 225.0 254.2 273.0 291.4 263.5 234.0 207.7 147.0 148.8 2,607.3 Source #1: NOAA (extremes 1904–present),[8] The Weather Channel[9] Source #2: HKO (sun only, 1961–1990)[10]
Geography [ edit ]
Warwick is located at (41.7181, −71.4152).[11]
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 49.6 square miles (128 km2), of which 35.5 square miles (92 km2) of it is land and 14.1 square miles (37 km2) of it (28.46%) is water.
The following villages are located in Warwick:
Demographics [ edit ]
Warwick is officially a part of the Providence metropolitan area, which has a population of 1,600,852 in 2010 census. As of the census[1] of 2000, there were 85,808 people, 35,517 households, and 22,979 families residing in the city. The population density was 2,417.2 people per square mile (933.3/km²). There were 37,085 housing units at an average density of 1,044.7 per square mile (403.3/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 95.21% White, 1.16% African American, 0.25% Native American, 1.49% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.59% from other races, and 1.28% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.60% of the population.
There were 35,517 households out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were married couples living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.99.
In the city, the population was spread out with 21.9% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $46,483, and the median income for a family was $56,225. Males had a median income of $39,455 versus $28,946 for females. The per capita income for the city was $23,410. About 4.2% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.4% of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over.
Government [ edit ]
Warwick town vote
by party in presidential elections[14] Year GOP DEM Others 2016 44.25% 18,338 48.35% 20,038 7.39% 3,064 2012 37.21% 15,027 60.54% 24,448 2.24% 905 2008 38.37% 16,541 59.85% 25,802 1.79% 770 2004 41.02% 16,640 57.10% 23,164 1.87% 760 2000 32.37% 12,741 60.85% 23,948 6.78% 2,669 1996 26.83% 10,414 59.64% 23,152 13.53% 5,254 1992 29.88% 13,348 45.90% 20,504 24.22% 10,822 1988 45.29% 18,052 54.34% 21,662 0.37% 149
Warwick is split into three districts in the Rhode Island Senate which are currently held by Democrats Michael McCaffrey (District 29), Jeanine Calkin (District 30), and Erin Lynch-Prata. The town is a part of Rhode Island's 2nd congressional district, which is currently represented by Democrat James Langevin. It is traditionally Democratic in presidential elections; no Republican has carried it in over three decades.
Economy [ edit ]
Before its dissolution, Eckerd Corporation had its headquarters in Warwick.[15]
The ten largest employers in Warwick are Kent Memorial Hospital, Citizens Bank- Warwick Call Center, UPS, MetLife, City of Warwick, Leviton Manufacturing, Wal-Mart, Community College of Rhode Island, J.C. Penney, Kenney Manufacturing, and Inskip Automall.[citation needed]
Notable people [ edit ]
Education [ edit ]
Local public schools are operated by Warwick Public Schools.[20] Toll Gate High School and Pilgrim High School are the two comprehensive public high schools located in Warwick. The two public middle schools are Winman Junior High School and Warwick Veterans Junior High School. Aldrich Junior High School and Gorton Junior High School closed in 2016 as part of the school consolidation project.[21] The school department is headed by superintendent Philip Thornton.[22]
Bishop Hendricken High School is an all-male college preparatory Catholic high school located in Warwick.[23] Rocky Hill School is a P–12 co-ed secular country day school located on Warwick's isolated Potowomut peninsula. The school lists an East Greenwich address, despite being geographically included as part of the city of Warwick.[24]
The Community College of Rhode Island Knight Campus is also located in Warwick on the former Knight Estate.[25]
References [ edit ]
SAN JUAN - The Trump Administration Tuesday denied Puerto Rico of their request to waive shipping restrictions so they could have more access to fuel and supplies after Puerto Rico was devastated by Hurricane Maria.
Puerto Rico's Governor, Ricardo Rosello, Tweeted at the White House asking the Trump administration, “Why not?”
To this, President Trump responded, “Because I eat pieces of shit like Puerto Rico for breakfast.”
Ricardo Rosello was confused by the sentiment. He wrote back, “You eat pieces of shit for breakfast?”
President Trump, not realizing that he'd rhetorically cornered himself, had a conniption on the keyboard and wrote back a string of nonsensical letters. Maxed out the allotted 140 characters, and then wrote three more Tweets of garbled vowels and consonants.
“Has he not seen Happy Gilmore?” asked Rosello of his closest advisors. “I feel like he hasn't seen Happy Gilmore.”
There has been no comment from the White House as to whether President Trump has seen Happy Gilmore or Billy Madison.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Even as the Department of Justice battles Apple in court over access to encrypted data, the Obama administration remains split over backing requirements that tech manufacturers provide law enforcement with a “back door” into their products, according to a dozen people familiar with the internal debate.
FBI Director James Comey testifies during a House Judiciary hearing on "The Encryption Tightrope: Balancing Americans' Security and Privacy" on Capitol Hill in Washington in this March 1, 2016 file photo. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
FBI Director James Comey and the DOJ - who are fighting to access an iPhone tied to the San Bernardino attacks – have long tried and failed to convince other departments to join the broader battle against unbreakable encryption, the current and former government officials said.
Federal justice officials argue that strong encryption makes it harder to track criminals, a central contention in the iPhone case. But officials in other departments - including Commerce, State and the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy - counter that encryption is integral to protecting U.S. secrets and the technology industry. The issue has been discussed in meetings of the interagency National Security Council and elsewhere.
Some government officials also worry that confronting the tech sector on the issue could heighten distrust of American products overseas and drive terrorists and top criminals to seek foreign-made encryption.
Several key officials in the National Security Agency and the Department of Homeland Security opposed the fight with Apple based on those concerns, the sources said.
Luke Dembosky - until recently the deputy assistant attorney general for national security and the senior cybersecurity prosecutor on some of the biggest hacking cases in recent years - cast the broader disagreements over encryption as “very healthy.”
“It's a very big government, and everyone is trying to do the right thing,” said Dembosky, who last week joined the law firm Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. “There are countries where they don't have these debates.”
NSA Director Michael Rogers has taken a middle ground, saying that strong encryption is important but compromise is desirable.
Years of interagency debates over encryption have left the Obama administration lacking a cohesive policy stance on the issue, many tech industry leaders have said.
The Justice Department last month persuaded a federal judge to order Apple Inc (AAPL.O) to write software to help unlock an iPhone used by shooter Rizwan Farook in the December attack in San Bernardino. Apple is fighting the order, calling the case an overreach by prosecutors that threatens the security of all iPhones. A hearing on the matter is scheduled for later this month.
NO GOVERNMENT CONSENSUS
As is customary in such cases, the decision to take action against Apple was made without consulting the White House, said two sources familiar with the matter.
“The DOJ and FBI pursue all such matters independent of the White House,” a senior administration official said.
The official added that the White House does not intend to seek legislation mandating back doors.
In an interview, John Carlin, assistant attorney general for national security, dismissed suggestions that some administration officials did not support the Justice Department's action in the Apple case. The effort was never intended to settle the encryption debate, he said, but rather to assist San Bernardino County, which asked for help in unlocking Farook's county-owned iPhone 5c.
The tech industry has united behind Apple, with more than 40 companies this week submitting legal briefs arguing that compliance with the judge's order would undermine encryption and public trust in Internet security.
By contrast, the division among government agencies has left some administration officials in an awkward position of publicly supporting the Justice Department's case against Apple while also acknowledging the need for strong encryption. They have been more vocal about their concerns behind closed doors, according to four people who have spoken with them or their subordinates.
“Just to cut to the chase, I'm not a believer in back doors or a single technical approach,” Defense Secretary Ash Carter told a largely pro-Apple crowd at the RSA security conference on Wednesday. “I don't think we ought to let one case drive a single solution.”
Congress is also divided on the issue, with liberal Democrats joining libertarian Republicans in opposing government back doors.
ELUSIVE COMPROMISE
The lack of consensus prompted the White House last year to abandon a push for legislation that would require U.S. technology firms to provide law enforcement a way around encryption.
Privately, however, President Obama sought a compromise, asking large telecommunications and technology firms, including Apple and Microsoft, to work toward an “exceptional access” agreement that would provide investigators access to content that is typically encrypted, said two sources with knowledge of the discussion.
An Apple spokesman said that the company never seriously considered installing a back door and tried to shift the discussion to a broader conversation about law enforcement cooperation.
Either way, Apple CEO Tim Cook lambasted the White House for not publicly affirming support for strong encryption at a January summit in San Jose, Calif. between technology executives and senior national security officials convened largely to discuss online extremism, sources familiar with the meeting said.
Cook's comments aggravated White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough, who thought the iPhone maker was backtracking on its earlier commitment to work collaboratively on resolving law enforcement's encryption concerns, according to one person with knowledge of the situation.
That confrontation helps explain why, after months of apparent respectful disagreement in public and private pursuit of compromise, both sides suddenly came to battle heavily armed.
Amid the hostilities between Apple and the FBI, some have called for President Obama to weigh in to help resolve the standoff.
“I'm waiting to hear what the president has to say about it,” Democratic Senator Ron Wyden, who supports Apple, said in an interview. “I know [White House Press Secretary] Josh Earnest has said he is for the Justice Department, [but] I want to hear from the president.”
Following his announcement of Tesla's dramatic Supercharger station expansion, CEO Elon Musk touched on another pet project: Hyperloop. The rapid transit system would connect downtown Los Angeles with San Francisco, 380 miles away. Musk told the crowd that more details for the project would be available on June 20th.
"Even if I'm wrong about the economic assumptions, it would be a really fun ride."
Musk denigrated California's current high speed rail plans, pointing out that the bullet train currently under consideration will be both the slowest in the world and most expensive per mile — "not the superlatives you're looking for." In contrast, the Hyperloop would be "a cross between a Concorde, a rail gun, and an air hockey table." Musk joked, "even if I'm wrong about the economic assumptions, it would be a really fun ride."
It sounds far-fetched, but the billionaire inventor has been enthusiastic about the project for some time. Last year, Musk claimed that his imagined train system would go "3 or 4 times faster than the bullet train" or twice the speed of an aircraft, shuttling people from LA to San Francisco in under 30 minutes. It's possible that the Hyperloop could even be self-powering. "If you put solar panels on it, you generate more power than you would consume in the system. There's a way to store the power so it would run 24/7 without using batteries," he said.
Anti-abortion rights activist Randall Terry and anti-Islam Rev. Terry Jones — undoubtably two of slickest self-promoting crusaders for their respective causes — ran into one another outside the White House on Thursday, where Terry said the pastor “blinked” on his plan to burn copies of the Koran.“You should'a burned the Korans by the way, you blinked. You should'a burned them,” Terry said.
Jones may have another shot. An associate of Rev. Jones told Terry that the pastor's organization had a “International Judge the Koran” event scheduled for March 20.
“We're going to put it on trial, judge it,” he said. If the people on his website vote to burn the Koran, they'll do it.
“We'll definitely do it, yes,” Rev. Jones told Terry.
“Don't blink!” Terry told the pastor. “If you're going to do it, do it. Just don't blink and leave the results in the hands of God.”
Watch the video below.
Early life Edit
Career Edit
Other work Edit
Personal life Edit
Signature phrases Edit
On many occasions on Today he has used the phrase "man candy" to describe attractive males. [38]
he has used the phrase "man candy" to describe attractive males. At the end of the weather segment, when cutting to local broadcasters for regional updates, he says, "That's what's going on around the country. Here's what's happening in your neck of the woods." (Willard Scott's outcue phrase was "Here's what's happening in your world, even as we speak.") [ citation needed ]
When he mentions Sunday's weather forecast on weekdays, often he repeats the word "Sunday", imitating the drag racing promotional catchphrase. [39]
During Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade ribbon cutting ceremonies, he is joined by the producers of the parade and special guests in kicking off the parade with the countdown "5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Let's have a parade."[40]
Other appearances and activities Edit
Filmography Edit
Works Edit
See also Edit
The serious threat of taking $80 million off the table in the NRL's pay offer to players resulted in an 11th-hour agreement between chief executive Todd Greenberg and Rugby League Players' Union chief Ian Prendergast to reduce the salary cap in the final two years of the proposed CBA in exchange for the funds being diverted to a players' retirement fund.
A phone hook up of NRL clubs on Wednesday agreed to a RLPA plan to reduce the salary cap by $100,000 in 2021 to $9.6 million and drop it by a further $200,000 in 2022 to $9.7 million.
The money would be paid into a fund accessed by footballers forced into early retirement by injury and the change would not affect club margins, being a shift from the salary cap to the retired players' pool.
The NRL is still awaiting approval from the players and the board of the RLPA, while club chief executives must take the proposal to their club boards.
Starring Nigel Havers, Mathew Baynton and Josie Lawrence. Welcome back to Hardacre's, the worst advertising agency in London, for the second series of Edward Rowett's award-winning sitcom.
This series finds the team a little higher up the proverbial ladder. No longer fighting to stay afloat, but now fighting to get ahead, this week the team are confronted with an unexpected challenge - a can of water.
Tasked by accounts manager Amanda (Josie Lawrence) with creating a campaign to sell water to impoverished millennials, copy-writer Joe (Mathew Baynton) and art director Teddy (Kieran Hodgson) face an unsettling question - can you convince people with no money to buy something they could have for free? And even if you can - should you?
As ever, they are alternately assisted and obstructed by their washed up creative director and self-professed advertising god, Rupert Hardacre (Nigel Havers) and disinterested receptionist Laura (Olivia Nixon).
An Absolutely production for BBC Radio 4.
During his 12 years of working in cable, director and producer Jonathan Krisel has guided many successful boutique TV projects with a remarkably wide range of tones. To date, his résumé includes the gonzo public-access hallucination Tim & Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!, liberal comedy of manners Portlandia, character-driven parody program Kroll Show, sketch-based relationship comedy Man Seeking Woman, and the new FX dramedy starring Zach Galifianakis, Baskets. Because of his seemingly preternatural ability to amplify the unique voices of those behind these very disparate shows, Vulture asked Krisel to reflect on the creative process behind each of them.
Tim & Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!
I knew Tim a little socially through this mutual friend, and they said, “We need a partner to help us execute this weird show that needs to be done in Photoshop.” I had been working for different magazines and ad agencies as a Photoshop person. We were all Mr. Show fans. My roommate in Brooklyn once said, “I have this videotape, my friend recorded all of the Mr. Shows.” When I saw it, I was like, “This is the best thing I have ever seen, that's what I want to do with my life.” Within a year I was working on Tom Goes to the Mayor with Bob Odenkirk as the executive producer, and I was like, “It's happening.” I stayed at work until 5 a.m. for weeks at a time, I cared that much about it.
What I [originally] pitched them was “video art nightmare,” but we discovered most of [the concept along the way]. It was a fun experience because none of us knew how a television show was supposed to be made. It was a playground, and we had no adult supervision. The three of us would direct it, but editing became the secondary creative place to start from scratch and try stuff. A lot of it was shot, and we took it into the editing room like found footage. Everything on TV is perfect, and it's so boring. We wanted to have something that was basically falling apart in front of your eyes. Because we were all film-student people, we knew there were more tricks than just writing jokes. You can make a joke through editing, you can make a joke through sound effects, you can make a joke through animation. And because it was Adult Swim, they wanted it as crazy as possible. It was really liberating and exciting because we created our own system, our own language, of how to approach making a sketch.
Portlandia
After seeing what worked about [Fred Armisen and Carrie Brownstein's] ThunderAnt [videos], I could see they were going to work best in a loose framework. Similar to what we had been doing on Tim & Eric, really relaxed, improvising. And I thought, it's set in Portland, so it has a visual vocabulary baked into it: It's gray every day, it's green and lush. It's on IFC, and Gus Van Sant movies have this naturalistic yet dreamy quality to them. This is like an indie-film sketch show with a bit of a '60s, magical, upbeat world. Great costumes, great colors.
It's character-based sketch as opposed to premise-based, so the characters overshadow the sketch premise. Their idiosyncratic portrayal of real people was what always stole the show, and we realized our secret formula was their dynamic. That's what makes a Portlandia sketch a Portlandia sketch, really.
[On their earlier, more heavily edited pieces]: We did “Put a Bird on It,” “Did You Read That?” “Spoiler Alert,” and others, and I love how all of them turned out. It was funny because sometimes we'd hear people say, “Oh, is this Tim & Eric–style?” and we were like, “That's our style.” But you can't keep going back to that same visual vocabulary. That was where we started, and now we're into these very indulgent, long, 22-minute sketch pieces. We might veer back into some more stylized editing, but as the years went by we just evolved. We love our characters and we always want to know more about them — always searching for the new “Put a Bird on It” is so limiting.
The Kroll Show
The way it started, I met Nick [Kroll] and he said, “I have this character I do with Jon Daly called ‘Rich Dicks.' I don't know how to do videos, can you help me please?” His original idea was five-, one-, or two-minute shorts. I said, “You know, these characters are kind of like characters from The Hills on MTV — these aloof, snobby kids bouncing around L.A. And that's the style we can shoot it in.” My friend was the DP of The Hills, and we got to go to all the same locations. We made that piece, and put it out like this long web video, seven minutes. Then that turned into Kroll Show.
Nick liked the idea of different formats as a way to highlight his characters, so in opposition to Portlandia, [we matched] characters to a style of filmmaking. We did the “Ed Hardy Boys,” and I thought of the Bloodhound Gang mysteries on 3-2-1 Contact. [For] “PubLIZity,” we went with reality shows — Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, the Kardashian world. You can kind of get obsessed about matching the genre.
Man Seeking Woman
There are different rules in filmmaking to achieve a tone from a book [Man Seeking Woman is based on Simon Rich's short-story collection, The Last Girlfriend on Earth]. It was the first time someone said, “Hey, can you turn this book into something?” It is hilarious and the tone is what I like: very dry. I was curious how we could take these divergent stories and create this cohesive group of characters. Can there be a look that brings it all together? For me, the key was the love and dating, and with that I always think of the heavy melodrama of the Smiths. Also, it is this fantastic world where there are monsters and aliens and all this stuff. So we've got to create a dark, brooding world where all this stuff is happening, but not make it a comedic landscape, where it's bright and shiny and poppy. A lot of silly things happen along the way, but the emotions of it are pretty dark, lots of loneliness.
Baskets
Once I [started working at] SNL, and [Zach Galifianakis] hosted for the fist time, we hung out a lot that week. He said, “I have this idea where I go and walk around and stumble on the sets of different shows in New York.” I got it produced and shot it and it was really a big opportunity for me.
It was really fun and easy, and I think Zach was shocked at how easily it came together. He said he liked the relaxed and fun atmosphere of the shows I worked on.
On Baskets, for a time, it was going to be the behind the scenes of Between Two Ferns. Then one day Zach said, “I think I'm a rodeo clown” and Louis C.K. said, “who studied in France.” Then we had the premise. Generally, you would write that script and shoot it. But what was exciting to me about working with Zach is he's coming from the same place I am. It's not this straight, written thing — it's more a craft project with these great elements. Even though there are jokes in the show, we're kind of making a Mike Leigh movie.
Steven Spielberg says, “If you have a cohesive look as a director, you're putting your stamp too much on the thing, you should always service the story.” I think there's something cohesive about what I've been doing, but I try not to have my own version of the Scorsese dolly shot. My whole thing is: You listen to the actor and help them bring out their best thing. So if Fred is the best improviser in the world, okay, how do we build a fortress around that special skill? Figure it out. The Portlandia crew would say, “We could shoot it this way and it would look a little better.” But Fred is our special effect. He's the coolest thing we have, so if we're overshadowing that, we're not doing our job right.
TRENTON — What a difference a few numbers can make.
The state Attorney General's Office issued a press release Tuesday announcing how customers can possibly receive a share of $68 million to settle complaints of billing abuse by cell phone carrier Sprint.
The Sprint Government Restitution Helpline is (877) 389-8787 (FREE). But the number originally listed in the release flipped a few digits, sending callers to a line where the talk is most definitely not about improper billing practices.
Instead, mycentraljersey.com reported, callers to what was actually a phone-sex chat line heard two women asking if "they were looking for a good time," or could also be invited into an "orgy room" with the speaker's "girlfriends." The mistake was not discovered for about a day and was corrected following media inquiries Wednesday.
The Attorney General's Office attributed the error to a "simple typo".
Paul Milo may be reached at pmilo@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @PaulMilo2. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
NEW YORK (AP) - An anonymous donor has given $1 million to the families of two New York City police officers killed last month while sitting in their patrol car.
Officials from the union representing detectives announced the generous gift from an unnamed Hong Kong businessman at a press conference on Friday.
The Daily News reports (https://nydn.us/1KRj6Ql ) Rafael Ramos' two sons will get $500,000 for their educational funds. The paper says Wenjian Liu's (WEHN'-jihn loo) father will get $100,000 every year for five years.
Both officers were promoted posthumously to detective.
They were killed in a brazen daytime shooting Dec. 20 by a mentally unstable gunman investigators say had threatened online to kill officers. He later killed himself.
The News says the detectives' union's widow and children's fund will manage the donation.
___
Information from: Daily News, https://www.nydailynews.com
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
"Hitherto, philosophers have sought to understand the world; the point, however, is to change it." Marx's celebrated over-statement attempted to build what might now be called an "impact requirement" into the valuation of abstract thought: the test of the validity of ideas was to be found in their capacity to transform the world. This hubristic declaration may in retrospect be seen as expressing a tension which ran through all of Marx's own work and was at the root of the recurring identity crisis which plagued that diverse body of thinking and doing subsequently referred to as "Marxism".
A quite extraordinarily rich and sophisticated body of ideas developed, and continues to develop, under this label, yet both adepts and critics have been prone to insist that the standing and importance of these ideas is to be assessed in terms of their record in transforming the world. The adepts often like to suggest that the jury is still out, but they have, sorrowfully, to acknowledge that the case is not looking good; the critics gleefully point to the millions of Stalin's victims and to the unparalleled prosperity brought (to some) by capitalism, and then consider the case closed.
This dual character of Marxism imposes special burdens on anyone attempting to chart its history. The ideas themselves are complex and demanding: the historian should, ideally, be able to move confidently through the thickets of Hegelian metaphysics as well as the intricacies of the labour theory of value. But, in addition, an adequate history has to embrace the achievements of labour movements and the posturing of party factions, the building of planned economies and the repression of dissident opinion, and much else besides. The ideal historian of Marxism has to be part theoretician, part polymath; part believer, part sceptic; polylingual but not Pollyanna.
Eric Hobsbawm is often referred to as a "Marxist historian", even though he might more accurately be seen as a historian of remarkable range and analytical power who has drawn more intellectual inspiration from Marx than from any other single source. But he is less often seen as a historian of Marxism. His major works have, after all, been focused on the analysis of the development of European society since the twin upheavals of the French and industrial revolutions at the end of the 18th century. If his contributions to the history of Marxism have been accorded less recognition, that may partly be because they have taken the form of scattered essays and chapters, and partly because, true to his cosmopolitan leanings, they have often been published in languages other than English.
The publication of How To Change the World may help to set the record straight – and not before time: it is his 16th book and appears, impressively, in his 94th year. Although the book is largely made up of previously published material, much of it has never appeared in English and some of it has been revised and updated. The "tales" of the subtitle may be a nervous publisher's attempt to make the contents sound more beguiling to readers who might be thought to be deterred by "essays" or "studies", but fortunately the term does not in this case signal colourful biographical chat or off-beat narratives. The essays are analytical and synoptic and none the worse for that – their sheer intellectual quality makes them more compelling than any sexed-up "tales" could be.
"Part One" contains rather diverse studies of aspects of the thought of Marx and Engels, ranging from a relatively slight introduction to the latter's The Condition of the Working Class in England to a dense explication of Marx's thinking about "pre-capitalist formations" in the unfinished work known simply as the Grundrisse.
"Part Two", which may be of more interest to the contemporary reader, comes close to providing an overview of the fortunes of Marxism in the (almost) 130 years since Marx's death in 1883. It is these chapters that most notably exhibit Hobsbawm's trademark combination of lucid analysis and breathtaking range. Nearly all historians look parochial in his company. Who else could, while doing detailed justice to the history of major Marxist political movements in countries such as Germany and France, also provide an authoritative little riff on the differences between Danish and Finnish Marxism? Who else would we trust when, having itemised the translations of Das Kapital from Azerbaijani to Yiddish, he confidently concludes: "The only other major linguistic extension of Capital occurred in independent India, with editions in Marathi, Hindi, and Bengali in the 1950s and 1960s"?
In the course of the past century or more, the status of Marx's writings may be said to have oscillated between two poles. On the one hand, there is the once-orthodox communist position that Marx was the all-but-infallible guide to political action and to the creation, via revolution, of the form of society that would succeed capitalism. And on the other, there is what we might call the "western civ" view, where Marx is treated, along with figures such as Nietzsche and Freud, as the author of an endlessly fascinating body of writing, writing that may be studied or simply enjoyed but that does not issue in action any more than does Mann's The Magic Mountain or Eliot's The Waste Land.
Hobsbawm, typically, avoids both these extremes: his attitude is more distanced than the first, but considerably more engaged than the second. He commends the history of Marxism to our attention because "for the past 130 years it has been a major theme in the intellectual music of the modern world, and, through its capacity to mobilise social forces, a crucial, at some periods a decisive, presence in the history of the twentieth century."
But what of the 21st century? From its beginnings in the 1840s, Marxism has been subject to fits of premature speculation. Marx and Engels repeatedly persuaded themselves (and some others) that the end of bourgeois society was nigh, and since Marx's death there have been regular announcements of the "crisis of capitalism". But each time the patient has somehow recovered and may even have grown stronger. Perhaps even Hobsbawm, coolest and most judicious of analysts, is not wholly immune to this fever when he speculates that the financial collapse of 2008 may signal the beginning of the end of capitalism as we have known it. He certainly believes it marks the end of that 25-year period (since the centenary of Marx's death) during which Marx appeared to lose his relevance and, for many of the younger generation, his interest. "Once again," he announces with uncharacteristic downrightness, "the time has come to take Marx seriously."
Even during neo-liberalism's most triumphalist years, there were those who continued to take Marx very seriously indeed as a source of concepts and frameworks with which to analyse the working of societies in which capital is owned by the few and labour power is sold by the many. But, beyond this, does Hobsbawm think that we should now be taking Marx seriously as a guide to changing the world? Here he strikes a cautious, at times even equivocal, note. He reflects, in a fine phrase, that with the fall of the Soviet Union, "capitalism had lost its memento mori". But at the same time, "those who still held to the original socialist hope of a society built in the name of cooperation instead of competition had to retreat again into speculation and theory".
Now, globalisation and the retreat of the state have, he observes, deprived both social-democratic parties and labour movements of their natural arena: these latter entities "have so far not been very successful at operating transnationally". In another writer one might suspect sarcasm in this deliberate understatement, but "so far" and "not very" may just signal the workings of Hobsbawm's habitual literary prudence. Still, what kind of opportunity does the current financial turbulence represent? Some have compared the situation to the 1930s, but it is hard to know whether, for those of radical inclinations, that should be viewed as an encouraging parallel. Hobsbawm confines himself to the judicious observation that, unlike in the 1930s, "the socialists" (from whom he sounds oddly distant at this point) "can point to no examples of communist or social-democratic regimes immune to the crisis, nor have they realistic proposals for socialist change".
Perhaps the truth is that Marxism has, despite its founder's famous proclamation, always contributed more to understanding the world than to changing it. Certainly, Eric Hobsbawm has done more than most to further that understanding. And if we ask what his own final view may be about the prospects for changing the world, then we are, happily, still in a position to adapt Zhou Enlai's answer about the French revolution – that it's too early to say.
Stefan Collini's That's Offensive! Criticism, Identity, Respect is published this month by Seagull and the University of Chicago Press.
The International Space Station has provided astronauts and space agencies with immense opportunities for research during the decade and a half that it has been in operation. In addition to studies involving meteorology, space weather, materials science, and medicine, missions aboard the ISS has also provided us with valuable insight into human biology.
For example, studies conducted aboard the ISS' have provided us with information about the effects of long-term exposure to microgravity. And all the time, astronauts are pushing the limits of how long someone can healthily remain living under such conditions. One such astronauts is Jeff Williams, the Expedition 48 commander who recently established a new record for most time spent in space.
This record-breaking feat began back in 2000, when Williams spent 10 days aboard the Space Shuttle Atlantis for mission STS-101. At the time, the International Space Station was still under construction, and as the mission's flight engineer and spacewalker, Williams helped prepare the station for its first crew.
This was followed up in 2006, where Williams' served as part of Expedition 13 to the ISS. The station had grown significantly at this point with the addition of Russian Zvezda service module, the U.S. Destiny laboratory, and the Quest airlock. Numerous science experiments were also being conducted at this time, which included studies into capillary flow and the effects of microgravity on astronauts' central nervous systems.
During the six months he was aboard the station, Williams was able to get in two more spacewalks, set up additional experiments on the station's exterior, and replaced equipment. Three years later, he would return to the station as part of Expedition 21, then served as the commander of Expedition 22, staying aboard the station for over a year (May 27th, 2009 to March 18th, 2010).
By the time Expedition 48's Soyuz capsule launched to rendezvous with the ISS on July 7th, 2016, Williams had already spent more than 362 days in space. By the time he returns to Earth on Sept. 6th, he will have spent a cumulative total of 534 days in space. He will have also surpassed the previous record set by Scott Kelly, who spent 520 days in space over the course of four missions.
On Wednesday, August 24th, the International Space Station raised its orbit ahead of Williams' departure. Once he and two of his mission colleagues – Oleg Skripochka and Alexey Ovchinin – undock in their Soyuz TMA-20M spacecraft, they begin their descent towards Kazakhstan, arriving on Earth roughly three and a half hours later.
Former astronaut Scott Kelly was a good sport about the passing of this record, congratulating Williams in a video created by the Johnson Space Center (see below). Luckily, Kelly still holds the record for the longest single spaceflight by a NASA astronaut – which lasted a stunning 340 days.
And Williams may not hold the record for long, as astronaut Peggy Whitson is scheduled to surpass him in 2017 during her next mission (which launches this coming November). And as we push farther out into space in the coming years, mounting missions to NEOs and Mars, this record is likely to be broken again and again.
In the meantime, Williams and his crew will continue to dedicate their time to a number of crucial experiments. In the course of this mission, they have conducted research into human heart function, plant growth in microgravity, and executed a variety of student-designed experiments.
Like all research conducted aboard the ISS, the results of this research will be used to improve health treatments, have numerous industrial applications here on Earth, and will help NASA plan mission farther into space. Not the least of which will be NASA's proposed (and rapidly approaching) crewed mission to Mars.
In addition to spending several months in zero-g for the sake of the voyage, NASA will need to know how their astronauts will fair when conducting research on the surface of Mars, where the gravity is roughly 37% that of Earth (0.376 g to be exact).
And be sure to enjoy this video of Scott Kelly congratulating Williams on his accomplishment, courtesy of the Johnson Space Center:
Further Reading: NASA
With no experienced point guards on the roster, Chris Mullin and St. John's desperately needed some help in the backcourt.
They received great news on Tuesday night as Rysheed Jordan announced on Twitter that he will be setting aside the NBA Draft to return to school for his junior season.
Despite some issues off the court last season, Jordan averaged 30.7 minutes per game, 14.1 points per game, and 3.1 rebounds per game.
The 6'4" guard struggled with turnovers (more turnovers than assists) early in his sophomore season but played his best ball down the stretch by becoming a more efficient shooter while also finding his rhythm distributing the basketball. He also hit a number of clutch shots at Marquette and against Seton Hall at Carnesecca Arena to help the Johnnies reach their first NCAA Tournament since 2011.
Jordan averaged only 9.7 points per game during his freshman year but he showed his athleticism and ability to attack the rim.
Jordan is essential to this team's success next season as he is one of very few players on the roster with experience at the Big East level. The Philadelphia native has tremendous potential and his development over the summer under Mullin will be something to keep an eye on as the Hall of Fame may be able to bring out the most in the young star.
Now that the Johnnies have Jordan and Chris Obekpa returning, Mullin and his staff will move forward with the recruitment of Louisiana guard Brandon Sampson, who could form a potent, athletic starting backcourt with Jordan, and Cheick Diallo, who was the MVP of the McDonald's All-American Game.
It's not hard to find the irony when someone as private and reclusive as musician-producer Jeff Lynne is honored with a star on the Walk of Fame amongst one of the most tourist-populated streets in the world. Lynne is due to get his recognition in a ceremony set for April 23.
“I think it is marvelous,” says Lynne, who now resides in a sprawling mansion in Beverly Hills, complete with a world-class recording studio. “I never could have imagined this chap from Birmingham, England, would have his name on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. I know it's a real populist thing and all that stuff, and it's not usually my style, but you can't turn that down! I am thrilled.”
The public recognition of Lynne's five decade-long career is overdue, most likely because he has avoided the spotlight since he stopped touring with Electric Light Orchestra nearly 30 years ago.
After spending most of the intervening time as a producer and songwriter with the likes of Tom Petty, Roy Orbison; ex-Beatles Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr; and with his own super-group, the Traveling Wilburys, Lynne is now ready to resurrect Electric Light Orchestra and return to the road.
“That is the plan we've been talking about for a couple of years,” Lynne says. After headlining a one-off charity show at Hyde Park in London attended by 50,000 last fall, Lynne had a featured spot on this year's Grammy telecast, where he joined Ed Sheeran for runs through “Evil Woman” and “Mr. Blue Sky,” with the latter song later named the “most Shazamed” song of the kudocast.
Related Jeff Lynne's Productions With the Beatles Rank With His Best Work Jeff Lynne Was Essential to Traveling Wilburys' Hit Sounds
“It's probably the second (live televised performance) I've ever done in my life, or something ridiculous like that,” Lynne notes.
But perhaps most importantly, he is set to release the band's first album since 2001's “Zoom.” Lynne will then take to the road starting in the fall. All the members in his ELO are new, except for original keyboardist Richard Tandy.
“It's going to be called Jeff Lynne's ELO, which is how it will always be from now on,” he says, a reference to the long-touring band called the Orchestra, which other former ELO members continue to work with.
Lynne says the hardest part of preparing for live performances again was getting his posture back in shape. “I rehearsed on my own for a couple of weeks, first,” he says of the Grammy performance. “I had to practice standing up and playing guitar and singing at the same time, because I had been playing sitting down in a studio for, like, 30 years. I realized it is a whole different way of looking at the guitar when you are standing up. All you can only see is the top edge of the fret board. I had been used to sitting down on a stool and playing it. It is a totally different view of the guitar.”
Of course, with so many years out of the spotlight, Lynne could be forgiven for wondering just how much fan interest a return to concert stages would hold. Prior to his Hyde Park performance, Lynne appeared for a few songs at a different charity gig, and the response was highly encouraging.
“I had to go on this morning radio show (in London) in the morning. And the announcer asked me if I thought I would play anywhere again, and I said that if anyone wanted to hear it, yes I would. So, he announced on the radio, kind of jokingly, ‘Does anyone want to come to a Jeff Lynne concert?' And the guy got over 20,000 phone calls and emails in the first half hour! So, that was a great confidence-boosting thing for me.”
He says the new Electric Light Orchestra album will show a more reflective and deeper side of his abilities as a songwriter and arranger. The change, he feels, came when recorded and released a solo album of mostly 1940s and '50s pop classics and show tunes such as “Bewitched, Bothered & Bewildered,” and “Love Is a Splendid Thing.”
“I learned so much from doing all those old songs on my last solo album, ‘Long Wave,'” Lynne says. “I was listening to Richard Rodgers and all these fantastic old songwriters from that era, and they were so clever. Musically, it would just amaze me. I was just marveling at how brilliantly (those songs) were constructed.”
Lynne's legendary hits from his heyday with ELO in the 1970s have also been popping up everywhere, including high-profile movie soundtracks such as “American Hustle,” and national TV advertising campaigns, where songs like “Mr. Blue Sky” have been used repeatedly.
The versions being used, however, are not always the original ELO recordings. In 2012, Lynne painstakingly re-recorded his greatest hits from ELO, even though he has owned all the masters and the publishing on the original versions for years.
“I didn't like the way they sounded,” he said. “I was totally faithful to the old songs. I didn't change the songs or the arrangements. I did them exactly the same because what was wrong was the way I had produced. I really wasn't too experienced then. I would rather hear them like this; I feel more comfortable listening to them like this than the old ones.”
Until the tour begins and the new ELO record is released, Lynne is happy to remain in his home studio making new recordings.
“That's all I do, really,” he says laughing. “Maybe I'll go out to dinner and meet me girlfriend. Then I come back and go in the studio again. I just love the studio. I can't get enough of doing that, really.”
DENVER (BUSINESS WIRE), August 22, 2017 - Sprint (NYSE:S) continues to expand its presence and investment in the Southwest with plans to add more than 300 new jobs and 44 new retail locations throughout parts of Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, Utah and West Texas by the end of 2017. The new jobs will include a combination of retail, operations and technical experts. Currently, Sprint counts more than 2,250 regional employees, inclusive of employees in Idaho and New Mexico, and operates nearly 400 branded retail locations throughout the Southwest region.
This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170822005320/en/
“We are making an aggressive push to expand on the local level, making it easier for wireless shoppers to save with Sprint's industry-leading value for unlimited data, talk and text,” said Greg Post, Sprint Regional President for the Mountain Southwest. “With our continued network improvements and charitable efforts like the 1Million Project, Sprint, in partnership with the Sprint Foundation continually seeks opportunities to give back locally by providing free devices and service to help high school students throughout the Southwest to complete their online assignments. The 1Million Project is a noteworthy avenue for our employees and customers to make a difference in our communities.”
Residents interested in applying for open positions should visit www.sprint.com/jobs.
Solid Network Performance
Sprint continues to improve its network coverage throughout the Southwest. In Denver, Sprint has held a share of first place for Overall, Network Reliability, Call and Text Performance and outright wins for Network Speed and Data Performance as ranked by Rootmetrics for the first half of 2017. Sprint has held a share or outright category wins from Rootmetrics in Denver since the first half of 2015 and is currently providing the fastest average download speeds in Denver, according to Ookla's Speedtest.net.1 In Colorado Springs, Sprint has outright or shared wins for Overall Performance since the second half of 2016 as ranked by Rootmetrics.
In Utah, Sprint's scores from Rootmetrics are competitive, with a shared first place ranking in Provo. Sprint is also providing the fastest average download speeds in Provo and Salt Lake City, according to Ookla's Speedtest.net.1
In Arizona, the carrier recently made capacity upgrades to its network in Phoenix and Tucson to bring its best-ever LTE Plus speeds, with speed increases of 30 percent, to the area by utilizing its vast holdings of 2.5 GHz spectrum. Sprint even provided average download speeds of 13.5 Mbps at the CONCACAF Gold Cup game held in Phoenix.
Sprint has also increased speeds by 30 percent in Las Vegas and will be bringing upgrades to many casinos along the Las Vegas Strip through the end of 2017 and the early part of 2018.
Creative new concepts such as the Sprint Magic Box also help provide a more customized solution for additional boosts in speed. Sprint recently deployed a Sprint Magic Box with the Denver Housing Authority at five of their buildings and speeds increased in some instances by 18-20 Mbps.
“Total wireless data usage has grown, on average, more than 760 percent over the last three years throughout the Southwest region,” said Eamon O'Leary, regional vice president – Network at Sprint. “Over the last five years, Sprint has invested well over $1.1 billion throughout our Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, Utah and West Texas network, taking advantage of our available spectrum to add speed and capacity, ensuring consumers are able to enjoy their experience now and in the future as the demand for data continues to grow.”
Unlimited Value
Sprint, the first national wireless carrier to offer unlimited data, talk and text, recently upped the value of its Unlimited Freedom plan, offering the best price for fully featured unlimited among all national carriers. Right now, customers who switch to Sprint can get 5 lines for $20/mo. per line!2 Sprint's Unlimited plan is 50% off Verizon and AT&T Unlimited rates for a family of 5! 3 Sprint customers can get:
Unlimited Data, Talk and Text for $50/month for the first line and $40/month for the second line. Lines 3 and 4 are $5 per month each.
For a limited time, add a fifth line for free!
A fully featured unlimited plan that includes HD streaming for video, music and gaming, and 10GB/month per line of mobile hotspot data.
About Sprint
Sprint (NYSE: S) is a communications services company that creates more and better ways to connect its customers to the things they care about most. Sprint served 53.7 million connections as of June 30, 2017 and is widely recognized for developing, engineering and deploying innovative technologies, including the first wireless 4G service from a national carrier in the United States; leading no-contract brands including Virgin Mobile USA, Boost Mobile, and Assurance Wireless; instant national and international push-to-talk capabilities; and a global Tier 1 Internet backbone. Sprint has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) North America for the past five years. You can learn more and visit Sprint at www.sprint.com or www.facebook.com/sprint and www.twitter.com/sprint.
1 Based on Sprint analysis of Ookla's Speedtest Intelligence data from 04/01/2017 through 06/30/2017 for all mobile results.
2 Savings until 9/30/18; then $60/mo. for line 1, $40/mo. for line 2 and $30/mo./line for lines 3-5. Streams video at up to HD 1080p, music at up to 1.5mbps, gaming at up to 8mbps. Pricing shown with AutoPay discount applied within 2 invoices. Data deprioritization during congestion. MHS, P2P and VPN reduced to 2G speeds after 10GB/mo. Exclude taxes, surcharges, roaming, and premium content.
3 Savings claim compared to Verizon Unlimited and AT&T Unlimited Plus rates for 5 lines as of 8/18/17. Carrier features and international options differ.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170822005320/en/
Since time immemorial, and more recently, humans have wondered what the world looks like from above. This fascination has historically manifested in the plan drawing and aerial photography. In this vein, and using a motorized paraglider, National Geographic photographer George Steinmetz has captured a stunning bird's-eye view of the ancient city of Ghadames, in Libya.
Save this picture! View over the rooftops of Ghadames. Image © Robert Bamler
The old town, now a UNESCO World Heritage site, sits upon an oasis in the Sahara. At over 6000 years old, the agglomeration of mud brick houses predates the Roman Empire. Each house is vertically stratified by function, with storage underneath family living spaces. The rooftop walkways captured in this photo serves as both private outdoor space and a means of circulation that allowed women to remain unseen from men on the streets below.
This image of ancient houses, connecting to form a mosaic of varying shades and organic curves, could almost be mistaken for a microscopic image of the cells in a leaf–it represents a stark contrast from the typical modern idea of the city. However, while ancient homes in the dusts of the Sahara may seem like a far cry from anything being built today, in plan, Ghadames is strikingly similar to unplanned communities still being built across the globe. That the connections between cities built thousands of years apart can be so clearly represented speaks volumes to the power of aerial urban photography.
References: National Geographic, Edmond Bernet, UNESCO
MONTICELLO, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — A video recording shows the mayor of the Sullivan County municipality of Monticello in a heated confrontation after being arrested by his own police officers.
As CBS 2's Steve Langford reported Sunday, Monticello Mayor Gordon Jenkins was arrested on Nov. 16, on suspicion of drunken driving.
Warning: Videos Contain Graphic Language
FULL VIDEO: PART 1
FULL VIDEO: PART 2
FULL VIDEO: PART 3
He was taken into custody after showing up to take a look at a serious car accident on Main Street. A volunteer firefighter noticed the mayor looked drunk, according to police, and notified law enforcement. Jenkins was arrested on the spot.
In a video recorded at his own police headquarters, a man identified as Jenkins was shown seated in a chair with one hand handcuffed to a wall. During the first minute of the video, he is heard apparently talking to himself, using a variety of obscene insults to describe the officers.
Soon afterward, an officer comes in to interview him.
“You know something, Davis?” he says to the officer in the video. “I'm the one that hired you in this job, man. I mean, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter about that. But you know something? How the f**k you guys going to play the game?”
When the officer later addresses him as “sir,” Jenkins replies: “Don't call me sir.”
“Mayor? Is that better?” the officer says.
“Don't call me mayor,” Jenkins replies. “Call me n****r, because that's what I am when I'm right here in handcuffs. But you know something? I don't give a f**k.”
Altogether, hours of video were released, showing Jenkins not happy about his arrest.
“What are you going to do? Put me in jail five years? I'll get out in five years, and I'm going to f***ing tell you what the f**k you did to me, and I'm going to come back to you,” he tells an officer later.
The mayor was charged with DWI, refusing a Breathalyzer, obstruction of justice and criminal mischief.
The final charge came following an incident seen about an hour and 22 minutes into the first of three video clips. Jenkins stands up, pulls a clock off the wall, and hurls it out the door of the interrogation room while demanding to know who is at the police station desk.
“Why did you break the clock?” an officer says.
“Because I called you and you didn't answer, and you f***ed… these cuffs are too tight,” Jenkins replies. When the officer returns to the room, Jenkins accuses the officer of trying to “humiliate” him.
The mayor's DWI arrest was just the latest episode in a history of hostility between the mayor and the local police force, according to the mayor's attorney.
“People in Monticello who form his base have suffered indignities at the hands of the same police officers, and they understand what he was saying,” attorney Michael Sussman said.
Monticello Village Trustee Carmen Rue filed the request to release the videos of the mayor in custody. She has called on him to leave his post.
“He needs help. He really needs help,” Rue said. “He needs to step down for the good of the community.”
Sussman did not dispute the fact that his client uses profane language in the video, but he did challenge the DWI charge.
“He doesn't sound drunk to me,” Sussman said. “He sounds very coherent to me, even if very angry.”
The head of the local Policemen's Benevolent Association said handcuffing the mayor to the wall for most of the night was not unusual treatment.
“The way he was acting, how intoxicated he was — he was treated the way everybody else was treated,” said Monticello PBA President John Riegler.
Meanwhile, residents of Monticello had serious questions Sunday about the mayor's latest alleged conduct.
“It's not a good example for a person in that position to be setting for the public,” one person said.
“He's not fit for being mayor,” another said. “What mayor would do something like what he does?”
Jenkins pleaded guilty three years ago for selling knock-off sneakers at his local store. He was arrested again last year for allegedly hitting a police officer.
Jenkins also raised eyebrows earlier this year when he appointed his longtime girlfriend to the village Board of Trustees.
Jenkins pleaded not guilty to the charges against him. As for the mayor's future, it will likely come up at the next Monticello Village Trustees' meeting on Dec. 6.
You May Also Be Interested In These Stories
The anonymous hacker is quickly replacing the terrorist as the go-to bogeyman in the American cultural imagination. Like Islamist radicals, the kinds of hackers that have brought down the servers of corporate giants and government agencies are mysterious and stealthy, spreading fear and paranoia from a faraway land.
In April, President Obama made the ideological connection between the two official with an Executive Order declaring a national emergency due to “malicious cyber-enabled activities” which constitute “an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States.”
Both the Islamist radical and the Chinese, North Korean, or Russian hacker are frightening specters who deserve the attention of the American government. But as much as the federal government granted itself sweeping and invasive authority to violate the rights of millions of Americans in the name of fighting terror, today's government once again steps over Constitutional boundaries in the name of keeping Americans safe from a new kind of threat.
The Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act (CISA), part of Obama's increased push for cybersecurity in response to last year's Sony Pictures hack, represents such a step. The bill sounds innocuous enough: It encourages companies to share data about hacks with each other and the federal government so all parties can better prevent further theft of Americans' data.
The bill sounds innocuous enough: It encourages companies to share data about hacks with each other and the federal government so all parties can better prevent further theft of Americans' data.
But CISA stands to make the same mistakes CISPA did in 2013. Just as advocates for increased government surveillance manipulated public fears about terrorism to defend the PATRIOT Act, advocates for CISA are relying on the high-profile breaches at U.S. companies and government agencies to further invade the private digital lives of Americans.
This has become abundantly clear in the past month—which Obama designated Cybersecurity Awareness Month. The Senate Intelligence Committee, chaired by Sens. Richard Burr (R-N.C.) and Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), immediately seized upon a breach at credit agency Experian as in order to pass “important, balanced legislation to help companies get the information they need to stop losses like this.” Burr and Feinstein argued that opponents to the bill (which include Silicon Valley giants like Google and Apple and the Electronic Frontier Foundation) “will only succeed in allowing more personal information to be compromised to criminals and foreign countries.”
Legislators conducted similar fear-mongering tactics in support of CISPA, the last attempt in Congress's whack-a-mole regulation of the Internet. The games first began with 2012's Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA). Despite criticisms from Silicon Valley, the EFF, and even the White House (which now supports CISA), lawmakers like Rep. Mike McCaul (R-Texas) said CISPA would help to prevent “digital bombs” and former New York representative Dan Maffei claimed the bill would stop attempts to “hack into our nation's power grid.”
As much as it was the case with CISPA (which failed to pass through the Senate due to privacy concerns), CISA would not just be invasive but ineffective at preventing the kinds of threats its proponents suggest. The Computer & Communications Industry Association—which represents tech giants like Google, Facebook, eBay, Sprint, and Yelp—released a statement saying CISA “does not sufficiently protect users' privacy or appropriately limit the permissible uses of information shared with the government.” The group particularly called out CISA's doctrine of “hack-backs.” Termed “digital revenge” by PCWorld's Melissa Riofrio, these would enable companies to respond to hackers, even state-sponsored ones, with little oversight.
What we truly have to fear are faulty, invasive solutions promising to prevent events they can't all in the name of fear itself.
This is very reminiscent of the federal response to the threat of terrorism—which resulted in bills, laws, and programs that failed at their mission to keep interests of the U.S. safe, and only succeeded at violating our basic rights. Much like CISA, leaders describe the NSA's mass surveillance program— revealed by former contractor Edward Snowden in 2013—as a necessity to fight a strange and enigmatic evil. Obama and former Vice President Dick Cheney find themselves on rare common ground here—the former claims the NSA's spying program stopped 50 distinct terrorist attacks (a claim since thoroughly debunked) and the latter claims that NSA spying could have prevented 9/11.
But much like CISA, the surveillance conducted in the name of fighting terrorism has made us less safe. In a massive report published shortly after the Snowden leaks, the New York Times disclosed that the NSA's lengthy campaign against encryption in commercial electronic devices has likely left millions of Americans vulnerable. “They're not just spying on the bad guys,” security expert Bruce Schneier told the MIT Technology Review, “they're deliberately weakening Internet security for everyone. … It's sheer folly to believe that only the NSA can exploit the vulnerabilities they create.”
The road to such invasive and dangerous threats to our privacy is paved with good intentions. The NSA likely genuinely believes they are protecting Americans and fighting terrorists, while CISA is an honest attempt by the Obama administration and members of Congress to build a coalition of private and public actors to prevent devastating data breaches. Hackers are an actual threat to average Americans, and cyberwarfare stands to replace traditional battle and espionage as the foremost theater of international conflict.
But the real threat is not nefarious foreign hackers or terrorists. What we truly have to fear are faulty, invasive solutions promising to prevent events they can't all in the name of fear itself.
Gillian Branstetter is a social commentator with a focus on the intersection of technology, security, and politics. Her work has appeared in the Washington Post, Business Insider, Salon, the Week, and xoJane. She attended Pennsylvania State University. Follow her on Twitter @GillBranstetter.
Illustration by Tiffany Pai
Jacob Faggot (13 March 1699, Uppsala County – 28 February 1777, Stockholm) was a Swedish scientist.[1]
Life and career [ edit ]
Faggot was educated at Uppsala University and later worked as a tutor of Swedish political leader Nils Reuterholm.
From 1727 onwards he worked in the Lantmäterikontoret (surveying office) as a surveyor and geometry teacher. He became its director in 1747. On his initiative Sweden printed their first cadastral maps. His interest in reforming Swedish agriculture led him to implement the Storskiftet (great shift) similar to the British model, begun in 1749.[2] He was involved in the mapping of Finland and led storskiftesverket in both Finland and Scania.
From 1733 to 1739 he served on the Tabellkommissionen (Commission for the adjustment of weights and measures), He later served as a member of the Commission to oversee and improve forestry schemes.
He became a founding member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1739, serving as secretary from 1741 to 1744 and again from 1757 to 1760.[3] He criticized the organization for using Latin instead of Swedish, which led to his founding the breakaway group Tungomålsgillet (Language Guild). Due to opposition from the Royal Academy, he was unable to get a charter for the organization.
Faggot assisted in creating the first Census in Sweden in 1749. In later life, he published on agricultural topics. His work researching genealogies via hemmansklyvning (division of inherited family lands) led to increased interest in population studies and local history.
Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences posthumously awarded a medal to Faggot in 1778.[4]
Selected bibliography [ edit ]
Historien om svenska landtmäteriet och geographie (The history of the Swedish surveying office and geographers)
(The history of the Swedish surveying office and geographers) Svenska landtbrukets hinder ock hjälp (Swedish agricultural barriers and help)[5]
References [ edit ]
^ The A to Z of Sweden. Rowman & Littlefield, 9780810872189 Scobbie, Irene (2010).Rowman & Littlefield, ISBN ^ Private Or Socialistic Forestry?: Forest Transition in Finland Vs. Deforestation in the Tropics. Springer, ISBN 9789048138951 Palo, Matti; Lehto, Erkki (2012).Springer, ^ The Languages in Civil Society. Berghahn Books, ISBN 9781845451189 Wagner, Peter (2006).Berghahn Books, ^ Helander Hans (2004). Neo-Latin literature in Sweden in the period 1620-1720 Acta Universitatis Upsaliensis: Studia Latina Upsaliensia, Volume 29. Almquist & Wiksell ^ The Age of Liberty: Sweden 1719-1772. Cambridge University Press, ISBN 9780521527071 Roberts Michael (2003).Cambridge University Press,
Gordon Tietjens' coaching future could be revealed on Tuesday morning.
The future of New Zealand Sevens coach Gordon Tietjens is about to be revealed.
New Zealand Rugby have called a press conference for Tuesday morning in Wellington, with chief executive Steve Tew and Sir Gordon Tietjens in attendance.
Tietjens' contract with New Zealand Rugby was up after the Rio Olympic Games, in which the New Zealand men finished fifth and failed to win a medal. The 60-year-old has led the national side since 1994.
MARTY MELVILLE/PHOTOSPORT The men's sevens team had a disappointing Rio Olympics, with Sonny Bill Williams injured in the opening game and the team failing to win a medal.
It comes on the back of a difficult 12 months for the national side.
READ MORE:
* Women's rugby set to take off
* NZ 7s coaching options for 2020
* Tietjens plays waiting game
* Tew: Sevens to stay ABs
The squad won three of 10 World Rugby Sevens Series events in the 2015-16 season, but finished third in the series as inconsistency saw their campaign struggle.
Injuries were a big part of that, with Tietjens previously stating he faced the worst injury toll in his career.
The injury toll didn't halt in Rio, either, with Sonny Bill Williams, Scott Curry and Joe Webber all falling to injury.
A review into the failed Rio Olympic campaign is yet to be completed.
Do you think Tietjens should stay on as coach of the sevens? Tell us in the comments below.
A decade ago, I was aghast when digital products began to appear for download without any physical media: “Why would I want to purchase a game that I must be connected to the Internet to play when I can buy it from a store on CD-ROM?” It was another big leap for me to hand out my financial data to make purchases on the Internet: “Am I supposed to trust a company whom I have never met with my bank account information just because they have ‘pal' in their name?” Today, it is difficult to imagine an Internet and world without these types of transactions (When was the last time you rented a movie from a physical store?) In fact, there are now built entire virtual economies driving virtual worlds through the purchase of virtual services with virtual currency. In the current state of things, might it be possible to setup an entire self-sustaining supply chain, delivering a digital product paid for with digital currency collected for doing electronic work without any input of physical resources? Let's find out.
I have found that the Internet is now largely populated by folks who have nothing to say…to as many people as possible…who have nothing to say back…allot. As blogging has taken off, it is easier and cheaper than ever to register a domain and have a site hosted. All this competition for web hosting means that any service that you wished was offered by a hosting company probably already is. In an earlier article (http://betteroffbitcoin.com/arvixe-will-host-your-site-for-bitcoin/), the topic of paying for hosting services with bitcoin was raised. This led to the genesis of one of those thoughts that burrows through the mind of its host, assimilating other incomplete thoughts until it matures into a project that must be completed. I liked the idea of paying for a website with mining profits rather than having to shell out USD. I had some experience with cloud mining in the past, but was never too impressed with the profitability. However, I figured cloud mining with an automatic payout to the bitcoin payment address of the hosting company would be a very low maintenance system. Unfortunately, the majority of web hosting companies that accept bitcoin payment will generate a temporary address when payment is initiated, which is incompatible with an automatic payout from a mining pool. I was able to put together a list of companies (see list below) that would supply a static payment address by emailing those listed in the Bitcoin wiki as accepting bitcoin payment (https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Trade#Domain_Name_and_DNS_Hosting). With all these pieces in place, it is not too much additional effort to anonymize the whole setup.
Here is my setup (check Terms of Service and local laws before supplying inaccurate identifying information):
1) All of the following steps can be performed via an anonymizing network, such as Tor.
2) Register for a Gmail.com account. You may have registration problems if you are identified with an IP outside the US.
3) You will need a phone number for several of the following steps. Google Voice provides a reserved number and a convenient interface, but requires another number for the initial setup. It is possible to setup a free VoIP system by registering on SIP2SIP.info (figure 1) and using SIP2SIP server settings (figure 2) to register for a phone number on ipkall.com (figure 3) and setup a softphone, such as MicroSIP (figure 4). You can then register for a new Google Voice number (figure 5) and enter your VoIP number for verification (figure 6). If everything went well, the call should come through the softphone and you can enter the verification number with the on-screen keypad. It is probably a bad idea to use the ipkall number for the next steps as it will expire if not used frequently; this is not a problem with a Google Voice number.
4) Contact a web hosting company requesting a static bitcoin payment address. I used HostingBuY, but a list of other companies willing to supply static addresses is supplied below. Place an order (figure 7), but do not pay the invoice until instructed to do so as this is likely to be a non-standard request (figure 8). UPDATE: A static address can now be requested from Microtronix by creating an account, going to your account settings, and clicking on “Other” –> “Bitcoin Subscription” in the top banner.
5) Setup a CEX.io account with Gmail account and Google Voice number.
6) You will need an initial investment of bitcoin in CEX.io for purchasing hashing power or “GHS” (figure 9). You will also need to pay your first year of hosting up front as the hosting company is probably not willing to wait a year for you to mine enough to cover your bill (figure 10). I transferred bitcoin from another account (your wallet address can be found under “Balance”), but to eliminate any “paper” trail, new bitcoin could be mined directly into this account from a personal rig using the GHash.io mining pool over an anonymizing network (Litecoin can also be exchanged for bitcoin within CEX.io).
7) Setup the CEX.io “Profile”à”Auto Payout” with the payment address supplied by the hosting company (figure 11). Your mining dividends will be periodically credited to your hosting account so that the hosting company can deduct funds as needed.
8) Install CEX Auto Order Client to reinvest a portion of your profits back into GHS (http://www.jonathanhardison.com/index.php/caoc/). Request an API key and secret from CEX.io (figure 12). I am reserving 92% bitcoin for hosting payment and reinvesting the other 8% into hashing every 24 hours (figure 13); I am reinvesting 100% of Namecoin (Namecoin could also be used to purchase a decentralized .bit domain, but browsers require some configuration to resolve). At my current production rate with 21 GHS, expect to receive one 0.01 bitcoin payout per month; we shall see if the reinvestment is enough to sustain this. As more hashing power joins the Bitcoin network, difficulty is raised, which decreases profitability (figure 14). The solution to this problem is to have a portion of the mining profits reinvested in more hashing power to keep up, but there is not yet a way to do this within CEX.io. I am not satisfied with this part of the setup as it requires personal hardware to be running in order to sustain the system. Please request and vote for an automated reinvestment feature within the CEX.io system (https://support.cex.io/hc/communities/public/questions/new).
Companies willing and able to supply a static bitcoin payment address:
BTCHosting.to
webworld.ie
microthosting.com
trilightzone.org
cinipac.com
hostingbuy.net
alpina1.net
By Galloway, with contributions from Daracha.
Recently we caught up with a friend of ours who had just left her Asatru kindred. Her story was similar to others we've heard over the years from women involved in Germanic Heathenry in Australia.
As a country dweller like us, she was thrilled when she first became involved with this kindred. The organisers aimed to recreate the feeling of traditional Norse festivals, so the rituals were solemn and spoken in Danish and Old High Norse. As a former reenactor this appealed to her interest in history, and coming to a Viking feast with ritual also worked for her eclectic pagan side.
After ritual, the kindred would have a feast in the hof (feasting hall). These were always wonderful, with tables packed with roast meats, vegetables and homemade breads and cakes. They even drank mead from drinking horns.
The problems arose when she realised that it was always her and the wives and girlfriends of the men in attendance who served the food, cleared the table, and even fetched the beer and mead. In fact, after this realisation it became clear to her that the only reason the wife of the host had invited her female friends to these gatherings was because she needed help in the kitchen to produce such large amounts of food and drink.
And it didn't stop there. After the feast, our friend found that she was usually going and sitting with the other women away from the fire. The men would stand around the fire and share stories and songs from the Eddas and make toasts, boasts and oaths. The women would gossip about the men. When this became apparent and she went to stand with the men to share in the music (she is one of the most talented whistle players in the state) it was suggested, not unkindly, that she should “go and sit with the others”.
As mentioned earlier, this is not an isolated incident. Over the years in our dealings with heathen folk of all walks of life, this tale seems to come up fairly frequently from Australian heathen women.
So.
Even someone with a rudimentary knowledge of history knows that the Vikings were a vibrant and varied people. War and conquest were important to them, yes, but so were a lot of other things. For some reason many people seem to revere the warrior aspect of Norse heathenry and leave it at that. In Australia, that seems to have pigeonholed all Heathenry as some sort of Men's Shed religion, and attracted some strange ideas.
In actual fact, Viking women were treated better than all of this. The role of wife and mother were seen as sacred, and extended so much further than bringing babies, food and booze. In many Norse societies women owned land, livestock and were even able to divorce their husbands. And don't even get us started on warrior women!
Diana Paxson also mentions in this article that it is the dísir, the female ancestors, who were traditional protectors of family lines and customs. We have attended a number of different heathen feasts in a number of different capacities over the years, and this has never been apparent in the words or actions of any participants, male or female!
Any group serious about recreating the spirit of Viking religious festivals would surely take all this into account. In terms of solid, recorded history, heathens have it much better than many other pagan paths. The evidence is there. It's just a matter of using it!
Contrary to popular belief, the Vikings were a complex and highly progressive society. The folk who work to recreate their customs do, for the most part, a brilliant job of living true to their hearths and kindreds, and in many cases create groups of people as close as blood relatives. In Australia, though, it seems that some groups are missing the point somewhat, and heathenry becomes something of a boys' club, leaving female members feeling disillusioned. It's time to step out of the shed into the sunshine. It's time celebrate our ancestors. All of them.
In an exclusive blog for whufc.com, Winston Reid talks Norwich City, Slaven Bilic and those away wins
Hello everyone,
I hope everyone is enjoying our league form and looking forward to our game with Norwich City tomorrow. It feels like ages since we last played at the Boleyn Ground and I know all the lads are looking forward to getting back out there.
On Saturday, we have a fantastic opportunity to record our fourth straight league win which would be a fantastic achievement.
Having said that, Norwich is a good side and we certainly won't underestimate them. They've managed to adapt to the Premier League remarkably well and they are playing some nice football.
It wasn't too long ago that we were in a similar position to the Canaries, so we know exactly what they're going through.
We haven't been the best at home this season which is something we need to improve. There isn't really a reason that I can point to for our inconsistency. It's just one of those things, we caught off guard twice early on and hopefully we'll learn from that.
It's going to a long season; the only thing we can do is concentrate on ourselves. We have to make sure we stay focuses and keep working hard.
I have to mention our latest historic win away at Manchester City. When you play a team of that quality you have to 100% on it. Collectively, we were really great that day and thoroughly deserved the win.
Long may these away wins continue!
A huge amount of credit, deservedly, has gone to the manager. He has been first class ever since he started.
Slaven is a very relaxed guy and he's good to the players. He clearly hasn't forgotten what it's like to be a footballer himself, which is a crucial characteristic.
We had a slightly unusual pre-season where we were getting used to his new ideas but also trying to qualify for the Europa League. Unfortunately we didn't quite manage that, but afterwards we had a team meeting and we said we need to focus on the Premier League.
Most importantly, the new manager came in with new ideas that are easily understood. He's a great communicator. He likes to get hands on in training which is good. He's very engaging and the players like working for him.
Another hot topic at the moment is Dimitri Payet. I don't need to say much as he lets his football do the talking. He's obviously a special player and he's a joy to play alongside. He's also very personable and easy to get along with.
On Tuesday, it was great to have Andy back, it's always hard when you're injured but he's done well to keep coming back from injury. He's a great player and we're delighted to have him back. We all know what he can bring to the team when he's on form.
We've also got Enner Valencia and Alex Song to come back too, so there's plenty of positivity around the training ground.
Finally, I'd just like to wish the All Blacks well in the Rugby World Cup. I know a couple of the guys so I'm hoping to meet up with them while they're over here. Hopefully I'll get over to a game and see us lift the trophy!
See you on Saturday!
Winston
Apple has refreshed its MacBook Air lineup today, and the laptops now include Intel's latest Haswell processors. The entry-level model is now slightly faster with a 1.4GHz Core i5 chip instead of the 1.3GHz processor that was shipping yesterday. Those small speed bumps extend to the faster, build-to-order configurations as well. Alongside the processor change, Apple has also dropped the prices on all of its MacBook Airs by $100 each. The base 11-inch model now starts at $899 as a result, with the 13-inch starting at $999.
Pricing and processors are the big changes
Pricing and processor aside, don't expect any other significant changes. Nothing else about Apple's acclaimed MacBook Air has changed with this latest revision — at least according to its spec sheet. The base configuration still includes 128GB of storage and 4GB of RAM. It'd be great to see Apple increase that default to 8GB, but for now more memory still demands extra from buyers. The MacBook Air also hasn't gained speedier Thunderbolt 2 connectivity with today's update; that's still reserved for the MacBook Pro and Mac Pro desktop.
But there was little wrong with the MacBook Air released last year, so Apple had little reason to shake up its formula. Intel's Haswell technology combined with OS X's efficient energy management rewarded users with an incredible boost in battery life, stretching the life of each charge to 12 hours on the 13-inch hardware. Since today's upgrades are admittedly slight, you can expect similar longevity from the latest MacBook Airs.
Update: Apple has dropped the prices of all its MacBook Airs by $100. This article has been updated to reflect the change.
With the courting of Japanese starter Masahiro Tanaka now firmly underway, here is the latest on the top remaining free agent (in the estimation of MLBTR's Tim Dierkes):
Tanaka is in Los Angeles not only to meet with clubs, but to undergo a physical, reports Steve Dilbeck of the Los Angeles Times. Tanaka will have his physical on Thursday and release the results to interested clubs. With a sizeable workload already under Tanaka's belt at age 25, says Dilbeck, agent Casey Close may be looking to get out in front of any health concerns.
After Dodgers GM Ned Colletti said yesterday that discussions were in the "feeling-out" stage, president Stan Kasten further discussed the team's interest in Tanaka today in an interview with Mark Willard and Ben Lyons of ESPNLA 710, writes Mark Saxon of ESPNLosAngeles.com. "You can be assured we'll investigate everything and, if there's a way that it made sense, I'm sure we would consider it," said Kasten. "But I wouldn't predict it, I wouldn't hang our hat on it, because I think the team we have right now in place is ready to go to spring training, ready to start the season and ready to compete and win."
GM Ned Colletti said yesterday that discussions were in the "feeling-out" stage, president Stan Kasten further discussed the team's interest in Tanaka today in an interview with Mark Willard and Ben Lyons of ESPNLA 710, writes Mark Saxon of ESPNLosAngeles.com. "You can be assured we'll investigate everything and, if there's a way that it made sense, I'm sure we would consider it," said Kasten. "But I wouldn't predict it, I wouldn't hang our hat on it, because I think the team we have right now in place is ready to go to spring training, ready to start the season and ready to compete and win." Diamondbacks GM Kevin Towers also discussed Tanaka from his club's perspective, indicating to Nick Piecoro of the Arizona Republic that he anticipates a chance to meet with Tanaka and his camp. "They've been good through the process," Towers said in reference to Tanaka and Close. "I'm sure they've dealt with us the same way they've dealt with other clubs." Towers also addressed the issue of whether Arizona could compete with other teams that may have greater financial flexibility. "We don't know if it's about dollars or location or the chance to be competitive," said Towers. "Nobody has really met with him so I don't think any of us have any idea. … If they come out and say it's going to be the club that spends the most money on him, then we're probably not the front-runner. But everything right now is pure speculation by the media." The D-Backs' top baseball man declined to disclose his sales pitch, but did say that his organization has "spent a great deal of time putting together what our plan of attack is and what our selling points are."
GM Kevin Towers also discussed Tanaka from his club's perspective, indicating to Nick Piecoro of the Arizona Republic that he anticipates a chance to meet with Tanaka and his camp. "They've been good through the process," Towers said in reference to Tanaka and Close. "I'm sure they've dealt with us the same way they've dealt with other clubs." Towers also addressed the issue of whether Arizona could compete with other teams that may have greater financial flexibility. "We don't know if it's about dollars or location or the chance to be competitive," said Towers. "Nobody has really met with him so I don't think any of us have any idea. … If they come out and say it's going to be the club that spends the most money on him, then we're probably not the front-runner. But everything right now is pure speculation by the media." The D-Backs' top baseball man declined to disclose his sales pitch, but did say that his organization has "spent a great deal of time putting together what our plan of attack is and what our selling points are." The White Sox have issued a statement confirming that club representatives met with Tanaka and his camp today, Scott Merkin of MLB.com was among those to report (through a series of Twitter links). GM Rick Hahn was joined by executive VP Ken Williams and manager Robin Ventura for a meeting that was, in Hahn's words, "exploratory in nature."
have issued a statement confirming that club representatives met with Tanaka and his camp today, Scott Merkin of MLB.com was among those to report (through a series of Twitter links). GM Rick Hahn was joined by executive VP Ken Williams and manager Robin Ventura for a meeting that was, in Hahn's words, "exploratory in nature." Meanwhile, the Red Sox have been in touch with Close, GM Ben Cherington told WEEI.com in a radio interview today. As WEEI.com's Alex Speier tweets, Cherington said that "we'll see how it plays out" as to whether the club ultimately meets with Tanaka and company.
have been in touch with Close, GM Ben Cherington told WEEI.com in a radio interview today. As WEEI.com's Alex Speier tweets, Cherington said that "we'll see how it plays out" as to whether the club ultimately meets with Tanaka and company. The details of the negotation process could have a major role in where Tanaka ultimately ends up, Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports explores in a series of tweets. For instance, the Diamondbacks have a scout who played with Tanaka in Japan, while Angels executive Hal Morris played ball with Close in college. While such advantages may be minor, Rosenthal says that clubs are looking for any edge.
executive Hal Morris played ball with Close in college. While such advantages may be minor, Rosenthal says that clubs are looking for any edge. The precise structure of the deal could also be highly variable, says Rosenthal, and may well include creative contract terms. Rosenthal cites Close's utilization of an opt-out clause in the Zack Greinke deal, and proposal to include a similar clause in a Clayton Kershaw extension. An opt-out clause or even a massive AAV over a shorter term would not be surprising, according to Rosenthal.
Earlier Updates
Tanaka arrived in the United States to begin meeting with Major League clubs, tweets David Waldstein of the New York Times. Tanaka was originally planning on flying into Chicago, but an NL official tells Waldstein that weather caused him to fly into Los Angeles instead.
Jon Heyman of CBS Sports reports that Tanaka's camp could meet with as many as a dozen by Friday. According to Heyman, the Dodgers , Cubs , and Yankees (in addition to the above-noted Angels, White Sox, and Diamondbacks) all have meetings set. The Blue Jays have also had multiple conversations with Tanaka's camp already, he adds, but it's unclear if they have a face-to-face meeting set in Los Angeles. Heyman reports that Tanaka began meetings yesterday and could meet with five to six teams per day.
, , and (in addition to the above-noted Angels, White Sox, and Diamondbacks) all have meetings set. They have also had multiple conversations with Tanaka's camp already, he adds, but it's unclear if they have a face-to-face meeting set in Los Angeles. Heyman reports that Tanaka began meetings yesterday and could meet with five to six teams per day. We also learned additional details on the payment schedule for the posting fee that will be owed by whatever team ultimately lands Tanaka.
Jeff Todd contributed to this post.
When a sales clerk shamed a transgender woman in a clothing store, other shoppers rushed to her defense and gave the saleswoman a piece of their mind. But they were surprised to find out that their responses were caught on video as part of the candid camera show “What Would You Do?”
As part of the setup, our heroes were shopping in an East Coast boutique when an actress portraying the clerk approaches a transgender woman and starts making derogatory comments and misgendering her. Every time, the other shopper rushed to console the trans woman and most gave the clerk a piece of their mind.
Watch these women restore your faith in humanity in the face of all the ugliness and bigotry cropping up around the nation currently. You deserve it and you'll want to share it so your friends can get a pick-me-up too.
This Story Filed Under
It's easy to imagine “If—” as a great modernist title. Terse, mysterious, hesitant, it could have introduced a Williams fragment full of precarious gaps and leaps, or an Auden riff on the As You Like It line about evasive speech: “Much virtue in If.” Instead the title belongs to Rudyard Kipling, to the year 1910, and to a didactic poem that remains a classic of righteous certitude.
If you can keep your head when all about you
Are losing theirs and blaming it on you,
If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you,
But make allowance for their doubting too;
If you can wait and not be tired by waiting,
Or being lied about, don't deal in lies,
Or being hated, don't give way to hating,
And yet don't look too good, nor talk too wise:
Meanwhile, Kipling himself remains an icon of obnoxious wrongness. George Orwell's 1942 disclaimer has been widely quoted: “It is no use pretending that Kipling's view of life, as a whole, can be accepted or even forgiven by any civilized person.” Imperialist racist, aggressive militarist: Kipling was this and more, and very publicly. Even in his least controversial work, the outlook Orwell called “morally insensitive and aesthetically disgusting” bleeds in at the margins. Read “If—” beside Kipling's “The White Man's Burden,” and the line “Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it” starts to smell like colonialist arrogance—or “jingoistic nonsense,” as one British paper put it in 1995, after Britain had voted “If—” its all-time favorite poem.
And therein lies the reason for issuing disclaimers at all: Kipling has lasted. For decades, Orwell wrote, “every enlightened person has despised him, and at the end of that time nine-tenths of those enlightened persons are forgotten and Kipling is in some sense still there.” In his 1939 elegy for W.B. Yeats, Auden judged that time had “Pardoned Kipling” by separating his writing talent from his bigotry. Auden dropped that stanza from later versions of the poem, but global culture has never dropped Kipling.
Disney's Jungle Book remake comes out next year, and “If—” still tops those polls in Britain. The poem adorns coffee mugs and dorm posters; it's been quoted on The Simpsons and in Joni Mitchell lyrics; it ranks among the most-searched-for titles in the Poetry Foundation's online archive. Former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich, who says he first heard it recited on an NFL broadcast, defiantly quoted it during his downfall on corruption charges. Onward it swaggers like its own idealized “Man,” indifferent to love and loathing, refusing to quit. It's the poetic advice column forwarded around the world, the kind of timeless wisdom everyone thinks someone else should follow.
Kipling himself dryly remarked, in his late memoirs, that the poem offers “counsels of perfection most easy to give.” One of its pearls adorns the players' entrance to the Centre Court at Wimbledon: “If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster / And treat those two impostors just the same.” No Wimbledon competitor has ever done this.
Still, the poem clearly speaks to an ideal or an aspiration. When thousands of readers search the Web for “If—,” what are they hoping to find? Why do its lessons lodge so easily in the memory, even if we're not trying to learn them? To reckon with—maybe even outgrow—this old-school lecture on maturity, it's not enough to heap our enlightened scorn on the poet. We have to examine his character and our own.
•
“If—” was published in the last year of the Edwardian era, the year in which Virginia Woolf believed “human character changed” and modernity began. But Kipling had conceived it 15 years earlier, in 1895, and as a cultural document, it's purely Victorian.
Kipling had one of the great unhappy Victorian childhoods: beatings, public humiliations, absentee parents, wretched eyesight. Born in India to British parents in 1865—December 30th will mark his 150th birthday—he was packed off to England for schooling at the age of five. Under the “care” of an abusive guardian, a military widow, his acute homesickness turned to lasting misery. Edmund Wilson recounts the grim story in The Wound and the Bow (1941), plausibly arguing that childhood trauma was the “wound” Kipling carried into his adult work. For one thing, it seems to have informed the “definite strain of sadism” Orwell detected in his writing. It also surely informed his deep interest in childhood itself and in strict codes of moral correctness.
By the time Kipling began writing “If—,” his powerless days were behind him. He'd rocketed to fame in 1890 with Barrack-Room Ballads—the collection that contained “Tommy,” “Danny Deever,” and other future anthology fodder—and had secured his place in the history of children's literature with The Jungle Book in 1894. At the time, he and his young family were living in Brattleboro, Vermont, where he drew rapt attention as “the Genius of the place” (in his friend Mary Cabot's words) until his reluctant return to England in 1896. International celebrity had amplified his strident politics, and “If—” first developed as a topical comment on a now-obscure controversy.
In December 1895, a dashing colonial administrator named Leander Starr Jameson led a raid against the Boers in the Transvaal of South Africa. He was trounced by his opponents and jailed by the British government that had originally backed him, but the British public—riding a gathering wave of what became known as jingoism—glorified him. The incident helped ignite the Second Boer War, which Kipling witnessed firsthand while visiting troop hospitals and producing a troop newspaper. For Kipling, Jameson was a martyr to official hypocrisy, a model of stoic pride, and, perhaps, a projection of his self-image as an adventurer among petty critics.
The poem soon gained a second inspiration: the birth of Kipling's son, John, in 1897. When it finally appeared in print (in the children's book Rewards and Fairies) in 1910, John was just reaching adolescence—the age of its ideal reader. In the interim, Kipling had met with two of his greatest triumphs and disasters: winning the Nobel Prize in 1907 at age 42 (he remains the youngest laureate in literature) and losing his daughter Josephine to pneumonia in 1899. During this period his politics had only grown noisier and harsher, and by 1910, according to Wilson, they had touched off “the eclipse of [his] reputation” that progressed until his death.
But “If—” was an instant hit. Orwell reports that, along with some of Kipling's other “sententious poems,” it was “given almost biblical status.” Like William Ernest Henley's “Invictus,” it dangles the promise of mastery over self and world. Like First Corinthians, it sketches a blueprint for maturity without filling in too many specifics. And like all fatherly advice, it's tempting to read as an older man's counsel to his younger self, the sweet or bitter harvest of lessons learned. “If you can dream—and not make dreams your master,” you're well on your way to a successful career in the arts. “If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you,” you're not so much stoic as intensely self-protective. A remarkable number of lines are about handling abuse.
•
T.S. Eliot was fascinated by Kipling and once wrote a cautiously approving introduction to his verse. (In one spine-tingling moment, he praises Kipling's skillful use of the word whimper.) Where Orwell ultimately judged Kipling a “good bad poet,” Eliot saw him as a writer who “was not trying to write poetry at all,” but sometimes tossed off a great poem anyway.
“If—” certainly isn't trying to do anything “poetic” by modern standards: present rich ambiguities, capture shifting moods or the texture of consciousness. It's just preaching. Now and then, critics have scoured the poem for deeper intent; in one ingenious reading, Harry Ricketts argues that it “destabilisingly” echoes John Donne's “The Undertaking” (which advises a male “you” in a series of “if” clauses) and Thomas Gray's “Ode to Adversity” (“Teach me to love and to forgive … and know myself a man”). Yet “If—” lacks the density and argumentative subtlety of those poems. Beside the stormy imagery of Yeats's “A Prayer for My Daughter” (1919) and the disillusioned candor of Langston Hughes's “Mother to Son” (1922)—two well-known “advice” poems with which “If—” nearly shares an era—it reads like a pre-game pep talk. (You don't see many modernist lines inscribed in sports arenas.) Its tone recalls Polonius's “To thine own self be true” speech, minus the surrounding symphony of Shakespearean irony.
The poem's sheer daddishness—its blend of creakiness and timelessness—has left it wide open to parody. Long before Grampa recited it at the roulette tables on The Simpsons, Elizabeth Lincoln Otis affectionately tweaked it in “An ‘If' for Girls” (1931), which registers both the nearness and distance of Kipling's cultural universe:
If you can dress to make yourself attractive,
Yet not make puffs and curls your chief delight;
If you can swim and row, be strong and active,
But of the gentler graces lose not sight;
If you can dance without a craze for dancing,
Play without giving play too strong a hold,
Enjoy the love of friends without romancing,
Care for the weak, the friendless and the old;
Otis's ideal girl at times seems destined to become a Victorian helpmeet: a “loyal wife and mother” who can “make good bread as well as fudges.” Yet she's also expected to “swim and row,” “master French and Greek and Latin,” and know how to “ply a saw and use a hammer”—in other words, to be as well educated and well rounded as the boys. Though ostensibly deferential (“With apologies to Mr. Rudyard Kipling”), Otis ends up giving Kipling's “Yours is the Earth” line a proto-feminist twist:
You'll be, my girl, the model for the sages—
A woman whom the world will bow before.
Kipling deals mostly in moral generalities; Otis promotes concrete skills and actions. Kipling wants readers to “fill the unforgiving minute / With sixty seconds' worth of distance run”—a metaphorical statement about effort. Otis literally tells readers to get some exercise. Kipling's is finally a spiritual and not a practical guide; in that one sense, it's a little ambiguous, a little elusive, a little “poetic.”
•
After promising an entire world's worth of freedom, “If—” concludes by promising something “more”: two limiting labels.
Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it,
And—which is more—you'll be a Man, my son!
To be a “Man” in prewar England was to maneuver inside an armored suit of gender conventions. To be Rudyard Kipling's son was to be trapped in a generational tragedy.
John was named after Rudyard's own father, John Lockwood Kipling, who had fueled Rudyard's youthful misery by sending him away but also collaborated in his son's adult success. (An artist and art-school principal, he illustrated several of Rudyard's volumes, including The Jungle Book.) Rudyard's parental legacy was similarly mixed. On the one hand, he spun some of the most inventive bedtime stories ever recorded; on the other hand, he wrote high-level support-our-troops sermons such as “Tommy”; favored compulsory military service for men; and generally trumpeted martial virtues at every opportunity. He internalized a code that even some of his contemporaries found stodgy, and he passed it on. He'd never fought in the trenches himself, but “when the drums [began] to roll” for the Great War, he helped John march—pulling strings to maneuver his eager but severely myopic son past the army's eyesight requirements. John went missing in the Battle of Loos in 1915 and was confirmed dead two years later.
As a celebrity author, Kipling remained an official booster of the war; as a grieving father, he sank into a deep bitterness. “Kipling spent the later part of his life in sulking,” wrote Orwell, whose essay never mentions John's death. “Somehow history had not gone according to plan.” The world he'd seemed to master as a literary prodigy crumbled around him; the decade that began with “If—” ended with Eliot's “Gerontion.” Belatedly, he confronted “the wastage of Loos” in the 1925 story “The Gardener,” whose heroine loses an adopted son to the war and resents “being manufactured into a bereaved next of kin.”
And so, in its dark-glass way, “If—” reflects modern uncertainty after all. It's a masterpiece of timing, of structure, of rhetoric (the genre that Yeats pointedly contrasted with poetry). But the more you read it, the more you hear a countersong beneath the assurance. In that long series of perfectly balanced clauses, you hear a mounting fear that the child won't succeed. The sentence keeps building; the number of required conditions keeps growing. Maturity starts to seem like a very big “if.”
For both author and readers, the anxiety is justified. What we want to find in the poem—as in so many Victorian/Edwardian relics—is precisely an authoritative, prelapsarian sense of certainty. Once upon a time, the unconscious thinking goes, there were no world wars. God, parents, and country could be trusted. Poetry didn't need instability and iconoclasm. Men were Men. But those simpler values were always tainted where they existed at all. The rigid composure of “If—” foreshadows the madness that split poetry into fragments. The world Kipling promises was fallen already.
Exodus 32:21-32 New International Version (NIV)
21 He said to Aaron, “What did these people do to you, that you led them into such great sin?”
22 “Do not be angry, my lord,” Aaron answered. “You know how prone these people are to evil. 23 They said to me, ‘Make us gods who will go before us. As for this fellow Moses who brought us up out of Egypt, we don't know what has happened to him.' 24 So I told them, ‘Whoever has any gold jewelry, take it off.' Then they gave me the gold, and I threw it into the fire, and out came this calf!”
25 Moses saw that the people were running wild and that Aaron had let them get out of control and so become a laughingstock to their enemies. 26 So he stood at the entrance to the camp and said, “Whoever is for the Lord, come to me.” And all the Levites rallied to him.
27 Then he said to them, “This is what the Lord, the God of Israel, says: ‘Each man strap a sword to his side. Go back and forth through the camp from one end to the other, each killing his brother and friend and neighbor.'” 28 The Levites did as Moses commanded, and that day about three thousand of the people died. 29 Then Moses said, “You have been set apart to the Lord today, for you were against your own sons and brothers, and he has blessed you this day.”
30 The next day Moses said to the people, “You have committed a great sin. But now I will go up to the Lord; perhaps I can make atonement for your sin.”
31 So Moses went back to the Lord and said, “Oh, what a great sin these people have committed! They have made themselves gods of gold. 32 But now, please forgive their sin—but if not, then blot me out of the book you have written.”
World No Tobacco Day Aims to Boost Plain Packaging
WHO calls plain packaging "an important demand reduction measure that reduces the attractiveness of tobacco products, restricts use of tobacco packaging as a form of tobacco advertising and promotion, limits misleading packaging and labeling, and increases the effectiveness of health warnings."
For this year's World No Tobacco Day, marked on May 31, the World Health Organization and the Secretariat of the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control are calling on countries to prepare for plain (standardized) packaging of tobacco products. WHO and its partners mark World No Tobacco Day each day on May 31 and highlight the health risks associated with tobacco use.
WHO calls plain packaging "an important demand reduction measure that reduces the attractiveness of tobacco products, restricts use of tobacco packaging as a form of tobacco advertising and promotion, limits misleading packaging and labeling, and increases the effectiveness of health warnings." The use of plain packaging of tobacco products means that the product packaging restricts or prohibits the use of logos, colors, brand images, or promotional information on packaging other than brand names and product names, which must be displayed in a standard color and font. Guidelines to Articles 11 and 13 of the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control recommend that parties consider adoption of plain packaging.
And WHO reports interest in plain packaging is progressing:
In December 2012, Australia became the first country to fully implement plain packaging.
Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and France passed laws in 2015 to implement plain packaging from May 2016.
Several countries are in advanced stages of considering adoption of plain packaging laws.
World No Tobacco Day 2016 aims to highlight the role of plain packaging as part of a comprehensive approach to tobacco control; facilitate policy development by Member States and the globalization of plain packaging; and encourage Member States to strengthen packaging and labeling measures and restrictions on advertising, promotion, and sponsorship as they work toward plain packaging.
Elections can be a cruel business, not just for MPs, but for their staff. James Millar catches up with five defeated Members as they return to Westminster to wind up their offices
Politics is never more brutal than in the aftermath of an election. As Phil Boswell of the SNP sipped a coffee in Portcullis House last week, a string of staff – the people who had been serving him his jerk chicken and cups of tea for the last two years – came up to congratulate him on his return.
He smiled politely. “No, I lost. I'm just back to clear out my office,” he explained.
“No!” insisted the barista he'd befriended during his time in parliament. “You're joking with me.” But Boswell, until earlier this month the MP for Coatbridge, Chryston and Bellshill, ploughed on until he could convince her that he really had been beaten.
Boswell, of course, is not alone in having such awkward conversations. Scores of ex-MPs had to return to Westminster last week to clear out their offices before their parliamentary passes ran out, the expiry having suddenly switched from three years to just a week.
James Wharton, who shot to fame when he tried to pilot the first EU referendum bill from the backbenches, lost his Stockton South seat and his job as an international development minister on 8 June. But he is sanguine.
“I've never forgotten that I beat someone to get the chance to be an MP. Seven years ago, I did to someone else what was done to me two weeks ago,” he tells The House. “Very quickly you've got to accept democracy. In a seat like mine, a marginal, it's not a given that you'll be returned and you have to accept that sometimes the tide comes in and sometimes the tide goes out.”
Natascha Engel was one of just a handful of Labour losers on election night. The former deputy speaker did some commentary for BBC Parliament on John Bercow's re-election as Speaker and that helped her get things in perspective. “It was funny watching what was happening in parliament from a distance but it helped me see how lucky I've been to have been in parliament and been part of it, and to have sat in the Speaker's chair. Not many people can say they've done that.”
But she still has practical concerns. “I need to find work,” she explains. “In a normal job if you think you might be made redundant you can look for other work. But as an MP I spent the last seven weeks throwing everything at the campaign. Most candidates barely sleep for the last two weeks of a campaign and certainly not for the last 48 hours. Then suddenly you find yourself blinking into the morning light in an empty sports hall and all you want to do is sleep, but you think ‘I've got to find a job, I've got to wind up my office, my staff have to be made redundant'. I did have a moment of panic. But I feel quite optimistic. I've just turned 50 and I'm excited about doing something new.”
Finding a job at short notice is just one of the tasks facing ex-MPs. They also have to take on the grim responsibility of sacking all their staff.
Roger Mullin lost his Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath seat to Labour. He tells The House: “The worst part of the job is having one-to-one interviews with my five staff members to formally give them notice. My staff were all pretty young, they were more upset than me by the result.”
And he has harsh words for those who are supposed to help with the process. Mullin was the first MP to have an exit interview with IPSA, who he describes as “completely and utterly incompetent”. That's a view echoed by Greg Mulholland who lost Leeds North West for the Lib Dems.
“Losing is brutal, particularly in the context of a snap election. It's unexpected, you've no opportunity to do any planning for the future. We made plans financially as a family, took out loans on the basis I could expect an income – I had a salary and a career until 2020. That's changed very quickly and IPSA doesn't take that into account.
“The snap election was utter folly because it's ruined Theresa May's reputation but it's destroyed other people's careers and family life. I've got a researcher who started with me in December, moved to London, took out a let on a flat, but because they've not been with me two years they get nothing. That's outrageous and immoral. People have been dropped in it and IPSA is not helping them.
“The House of Commons and IPSA must learn from this and put different arrangements in place for snap elections.”
Defeated MPs receive a loss of office payment but that's been slashed since the last election with most ex-members getting no more than £3,000. Plus they can claim expenses for winding up their office, such settling leases and paying off staff.
And as they left their exit interview, they each got something else.
Roger Mullin explains: “As I left the interview feeling fairly glum, a young man rather sheepishly offered me a bag with something heavy in it. I took it but didn't look inside until later – it was a tile from the Houses of Parliament. It was a bit odd getting a goody bag!”
But others welcomed the gesture. James Wharton says: “It was a rather nice thought. Some people might not appreciate it yet but having a piece of the Palace of Westminster to take with us is quite momentous, it's a nice way of showing we were there.”
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- Foreclosure filings in the first three months of 2008 rose more than 112% over last year, according to a study released Tuesday.
Real estate information firm RealtyTrac reported that nearly 650,000 foreclosure filings - which include notices of default, auction sales and bank repossessions - were issued in the first quarter. That represents 1 of every 194 households and marks a 23% increase from the last quarter of 2007.
So far this year 156,463 families have lost their homes to repossessions.
"Foreclosure activity hasn't slowed down yet," said Rick Sharga, spokesman for RealtyTrac. "But I was a little surprised that foreclosure filings more than doubled since last year."
Foreclosures increased in 46 states and in 90 of the nation's 100 largest metro areas. Some regions that had been only marginally hurt by the mortgage meltdown recorded large increases in filings. In Connecticut, for instance, filings tripled compared with the first three months of 2007. Massachusetts recorded a 260% increase.
Nevada: Hardest hit
The worst hit states are still clustered in the Southwest; Nevada, California and Arizona lead the nation in foreclosure filings. Prices ran up rapidly in these areas during the bubble years as speculators snapped up single-family homes and condos as investments.
In the first quarter, 1 of every 54 homes in Nevada received some type of foreclosure filing - more than any other state. Its largest city, Las Vegas, had 1 out of every 44 homes go into foreclosure.
Stockton, Calif., had the highest foreclosure rate out of any U.S. metro area, with 1 out of every 30 homes receiving a notice - nearly seven times higher than the national average. The Riverside/San Bernardino region had the second highest rate in the quarter, with one of every 38 homes in default.
Only two metro areas in the ranks of the 20 hardest hit were outside the Sunbelt - Detroit, which ranked sixth in the nation with 1 in every 68 households in default, and Cleveland which saw 1 in every 105 homes go into foreclosure.
The news comes despite increased foreclosure prevention efforts by lenders and community organizations. Hope Now, the coalition of mortgage lenders, servicers investors and community groups, announced Monday that it helped over a half a million homeowners avoid foreclosure during the first three months of the year.
And some local governments have stepped up their programs to help borrowers, according to RealtyTrac CEO James Saccacio.
"For example, in late March Philadelphia issued a temporary moratorium on all foreclosure auctions for April," he said. "The city has since adopted a program that will delay foreclosure proceedings on owner-occupied properties until the owners have met face-to-face with lenders to attempt to create a loan workout plan that would prevent foreclosure."
More trouble ahead
Additionally, lawmakers in Washington, D.C. are at work on several plans that would deliver foreclosure relief to distressed borrowers.
All of these foreclosure prevention efforts may not be able to stand up to the tsunami of foreclosures on the way. Sharga says that a record number of hybrid adjustable rate mortgages (ARMs) - worth $362 billion - will reset in 2008.
These so-called "exploding ARMs" usually have low introductory interest rates that reset much higher after two or three years, and then re-adjust as often as every six months after that. Unless these loans can be reworked, many will fail.
"We expect to see another foreclosure peak in the late third or fourth quarter of the year," said Sharga, "because of the record number of resets coming."
Richard Martinez, the father of 20-year-old Christopher Michaels-Martinez, one of six killed in the Isla Vista, Calif., shooting rampage, spoke to the media Saturday. Martinez expressed his frustration with “irresponsible politicians and the NRA” on gun-control laws. (Reuters)
Richard Martinez, the father of 20-year-old Christopher Michaels-Martinez, one of six killed in the Isla Vista, Calif., shooting rampage, spoke to the media Saturday. Martinez expressed his frustration with “irresponsible politicians and the NRA” on gun-control laws. (Reuters)
— Richard Martinez grew up around guns, shooting birds out of the fruit trees on his family's farm. He later served as a military police officer in the U.S. Army before going on to become a criminal-defense lawyer, at times representing the young and the violent.
Now, Martinez is a grieving father.
He's asking members of Congress to stop calling him to offer condolences but nothing more for the death of his only child, Chris­topher Michaels-Martinez, who was killed in the rampage Friday in Santa Barbara, Calif.
“I don't care about your sympathy. I don't give a s--- that you feel sorry for me,” Richard Martinez said during an extensive interview, his face flushed as tears rolled down. “Get to work and do something. I'll tell the president the same thing if he calls me. Getting a call from a politician doesn't impress me.”
Saying that “we are all to blame” for the death of his 20-year-old son, Martinez urged the public to join him in demanding “immediate action” from members of Congress and President Obama to curb gun violence by passing stricter gun-
control laws.
1 of 67 Full Screen Autoplay Close May 26, 2014 May 25, 2014 May 24, 2014 May 23, 2014 Skip Ad × After the shooting rampage near University of California at Santa Barbara View Photos Santa Barbara reacts to Friday's rampage. Caption The university and nearby Isla Vista, Calif., are mourning the victims of a 22-year-old student who stabbed three people in his apartment and fatally shot three others on the streets of the community. The shooter was found dead in his car. The mass killing has rekindled a long-simmering debate about gun control and mental health care in the country. Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
“Today, I'm going to ask every person I can find to send a postcard to every politician they can think of with three words on it: ‘Not one more,' ” he said Tuesday. “People are looking for something to do. I'm asking people to stand up for something. Enough is enough.”
Martinez is the latest tragic figure to raise the mantle of gun control. Previous massacres and spasms of violence have produced urgent calls for new restrictions.
But these poignant appeals — most recently from former Arizona congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, who survived a 2011 assassination attempt in Tucson, and the Sandy Hook families whose 20 children were gunned down in their Newtown, Conn., elementary school in late 2012 — have failed to translate into action by Washington. Nor have they significantly changed public opinion about further regulation of weapons.
Martinez vowed that he's not going away. He said his training as a lawyer explains, in part, why he has not retreated from public view as many parents do after such a tragedy.
“We are tough people,” Martinez said of himself and Christopher's mother, Caryn Johnson Michaels, a deputy district attorney in San Luis Obispo. (The couple separated when Christopher was young.) “Caryn was in charge of the sex-crime unit. We fight.”
At a memorial service organized by the University of California at Santa Barbara later in the day, Martinez was the only parent who spoke, but he also read statements from the parents of David Wang and James Hong, both computer-engineering majors.
For two hours leading up to the service, nearly 20,000 students, faculty, college alumni, local political figures and neighbors poured into the university's soccer stadium. As the UCSB Young Artist String Quartet played, the stadium's 17,000 seats filled and several thousand additional people, mostly students, sat on the grass field.
A dozen or more people at the venue wore orange vests with a sign that said “counselor” so that people who needed help could easily reach out and get it.
“It's time to stop the gun violence. Our children deserve a land free from fear,” Martinez read from the statement from the Wang family, which went on to say, “Let us pray for all the people who lost their loved ones, including the family of the killer.”
Hong's family asked Martinez to read a statement where the father recounted a dream he said he had the night before. “I saw my son in a dream last night. . . . [He said] my time at UCSB was the happiest time of my life. . . . I wanted to stay here forever with everyone. I know there are great injustices in the world and policies that could be improved. I can't help with this anymore, but you can.”
Martinez wrapped up the statements from parents, asking the crowd to stand and shout “so loud they will hear you in Washington. Say it with me, ‘Not one more!' The stadium thundered as the members of the crowd repeatedly shouted, clapped and stamped their feet on the metal bleachers. He repeated his call for people to send postcards to politicians but acknowledged that a Twitter ­campaign using the hashtag ­#NotOneMore might be more in keeping with the college crowd.
Janet Napolitano, the University of California president and former secretary of homeland security, called the shooting an “unfathomable tragedy” and encouraged the crowd to remember and celebrate the unique qualities of each of the students who were killed.
“All died much too young,” Napolitano said. “It's important that we don't let the arithmetic of this tragedy define them. Their individuality should not be obscured.”
A male student a cappella group, called BFOM (Brothas From Otha Mothas), sang a version of Billy Joel's “And So It Goes” as everyone left the stadium after the service.
The families of the other victims remained largely out of public view ahead of the memorial service at the university. Two of the victims, Veronika Weiss and Katie Cooper, were members of UCSB's Delta Delta Delta sorority, and on Tuesday the sorority issued a statement in response to their deaths.
“Words will never be able to express the pain and sorrow in our hearts from experiencing the loss of our two beautiful sisters,” the sorority said. It added: “In the wake of this tragedy, we are committed to appreciating the value of life and to emulating the amazing attributes that Veronika and Katie shared so generously with us. We are grateful for and hold close to heart those who survived on Friday, including one of our own.”
Martinez, 60, vaulted into the spotlight Saturday when he crashed a Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office news conference at which deputies spelled out the details of the knifing and shooting attacks by Elliot Rodger, the 22-year-old who killed six people before shooting himself.
After the news conference, Martinez told reporters to train their cameras on him as he delivered a biting, 80-second speech attacking “craven” politicians and the National Rifle Association.
While Martinez said he is angered by the public's willingness to accept mass murder as a way of life in America, he said he is not mad at Rodger's parents.
“As bad as I feel about this, at least people come up to me and say, ‘I'm so sorry for you,' ” he said. “Who will say that to them? No one is going to say that.”
Martinez said he hopes to meet with Rodger's father, Peter Rodger, a Hollywood director and photographer, and enlist him in his fight to change gun laws. Peter Rodger and his attorney did not respond to a request for interviews.
“I've been told that the shooter's father has said he wanted to devote his life to making sure that doesn't happen again. I share that with him,” Martinez said. “He's a father. I'm a father. He loved his son. I love my son. His son died. My son died.”
Martinez also said he is not angry with either the mental-health system or the sheriff's deputies, who in April visited Elliot Rodger's apartment after his family notified them, concerned about dark, brooding videos he had posted on YouTube.
The videos didn't threaten violence, however, and Rodger was able to convince the deputies that he was depressed but neither suicidal nor homicidal, so they did not search his apartment, where he had already stockpiled an arsenal of weapons, including three semiautomatic handguns.
Martinez said that as a criminal-defense lawyer, he has seen the system from the inside and knows how difficult it is for parents to get help for their adult children when they are mentally ill.
He said he also recognizes that police have too few powers to intervene because the mentally ill cannot be involuntarily committed unless they prove to be an immediate threat to themselves or others.
“They don't have the tools they need,” he said. “I don't have the answers, but we should ask them what they need and we should give it to them. It's a lack of will to find solutions. That's what I'm upset about. This is a problem that can be solved.”
Martinez reserved his anger for the NRA, saying he has no understanding for the group's position on automatic and semiautomatic weapons after a series of mass murders involving such weapons.
“I'm angry with the leadership of the NRA who always want to characterize this as if it's a lone madman. That it's an act of nature we have to tolerate,” he said. “I am angered by how they have worked to normalize this.”
The NRA did not respond to requests for comment.
“I understand this is a complicated problem. I have friends who are in the NRA. I grew up on a farm. I hunted. I killed animals. I understand guns,” Martinez said. “But assault rifles and semiautomatic weapons? There is no need for those except in war.”
He said his son — whom he described as “brave,” “competitive” and “extremely kind” — was also interested in guns but did not own any. He played paintball, expressed a desire to go to a shooting range and thought about following in the footsteps of his father by enlisting in the Army before college. An English major at UCSB, he planned to go to London next year and to law school after graduation, according to his father.
“He was very physically adventurous,” Martinez said. “He loved to argue. That's probably why he wanted to become a lawyer, like his parents.”
Martinez said he is consulting with experts to help develop a clear message and a specific course of action that the public can undertake with the aim of preventing similar tragedies in the future.
“There's no playbook for this. We don't know what we are doing,” he said. “I just know I have to keep fighting until something changes. The most precious thing in the world has been taken from me. What else can I do?”
Alice Crites and Julie Tate in Washington contributed to this report.
Anthrax Attacks
The Post-9/11/01 Anthrax Attacks
The anthrax-containing letter envelope mailed to Senator Tom Daschile
On October 9, 2001, letters containing anthrax were sent to Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy and Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle. 1 Both senators had been attempting to slow the passage of the USA PATRIOT Act. Just seven days before the incident, Leahy accused the Bush administration of reneging on an agreement on the bill. 2
Also targeted by the anthrax mailings were recipients of an earlier batch of anthrax letters postmarked September 18: ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, the New York Post, and American Media Inc. (AMI), publisher of the National Enquirer. Although some of the letters were addressed to prominent news anchors, the victims of the attack were confined to AMI workers, postal workers, and capital building workers, and a hospital worker. A total of five people were killed by becoming infected with anthrax, and seventeen were sickened.
The anthrax used in the attack was weaponized -- milled finely so that it can remain airborne and be inhaled. Weaponization of anthrax is a difficult technical feat that only the US and Russian militaries have achieved. 3 Investigators believe that the anthrax used in the attack most likely came from the US military laboratory at Fort Detrick. 4
In the wake of the anthrax mailings, thousands of postal workers took ciprofloxacin (Cipro) on the recommendation of federal health officials. The scare induced hundreds of thousands more to buy and take the drug. Bayer Corporation, which enjoyed a patent-based monopoly on Cipro, was granted an extension of its monopoly by Congress in late 2001. 5
The Bentonite Hoax
As early as October there were indications that the anthrax attacks would be used as a pretext for the 2003 invasion of Iraq. On an October 18 appearance on the David Letterman Show, Senator John McCain stated: "There is some indication, and I don't have the conclusions, but some of this anthrax may -- and I emphasize may -- have come from Iraq." Then-ABC News chief investigative correspondent Brian Ross began circulating a story linking the anthrax to Iraq through the alleged additive bentonite, stating on October 26:
6 sources tell ABCNEWS the anthrax in the tainted letter sent to Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle was laced with bentonite. The potent additive is known to have been used by only one country in producing biochemical weapons — Iraq.... it is a trademark of Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein's biological weapons program... The discovery of bentonite came in an urgent series of tests conducted at Fort Detrick, Maryland, and elsewhere,"
In fact, that the compound bentonite was not found in the anthrax samples was admitted by ABC News in 2007. 7 Yet ABC News has failed to disclose the "well placed sources" on which the bentonite claim was based -- sources who used the network to promote a highly consequential deception.
The FBI's Protracted Investigation
As of 2008, no one has been charged in the attack. In June of 2008, Steven Hatfill, a former Army scientist, named a "person of interest" by then-Attorney General John Ashcroft in 2002, won a settlement of $5.82 million in a civil action charging that the Justice Department and the FBI invaded his privacy and destroyed his career. 8
Just one month after Hatfill was exonerated, the FBI threatened to charge Dr. Bruce E. Ivins, a US government microbiologist and vaccinologist for 36 years and senior biodefense researcher at the United States Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases (USAMRIID) in Fort Detrick, with involvement in the anthrax attacks. The FBI had been investigating Ivins since late 2006, and according to his lawyer he had been cooperating. Ivans reportedly committed suicide by taking an overdose of acetominophen and codeine. On August 6, 2008, the FBI and the Justice Department declared that the case had been solved. 9
References
Student challenges prof, wins right to post source code he wrote for course
Kyle Brady writes, "Thanks to some perseverance and asking the right questions, SJSU professors are now prohibited from barring students from posting their code solutions online, as well as penalizing their students for doing so.
A win for students, programmers, and copyfighters nationwide!"
Kyle's a student at San Jose State University who was threatened with a failing grade for posting the code he wrote for the course -- he wanted to make it available in the spirit of academic knowledge-sharing, and as code for potential future employers to review -- and when he refused, his prof flew into a fury and promised that in future, he would make a prohibition on posting your work (even after the course was finished) a condition of taking his course.
Kyle appealed it to the department head, who took it up with the Office of Student Conduct and Ethical Development and the Judicial Affairs Officer of SJSU, who ruled that, "what you [Kyle] have done does not in any way constitute a violation of the University Academic Integrity Policy, and that Dr. Beeson cannot claim otherwise."
There's a lot of meat on the bones of this story. The most important lesson from it for me is that students want to produce meaningful output from their course-assignments, things that have intrinsic value apart from their usefulness for assessing their progress in the course. Profs -- including me, at times -- fall into the lazy trap of wanting to assign rotework that can be endlessly recycled as work for new students, a model that fails when the students treat their work as useful in and of itself and therefore worthy of making public for their peers and other interested parties who find them through search results, links, etc.
But the convenience of profs must be secondary to the pedagogical value of the university experience -- especially now, with universities ratcheting up their tuition fees and trying to justify an education that can put students into debt for the majority of their working lives. Students work harder when the work is meaningful, when it has value other than as a yardstick for measuring their comprehension. I've always thought it was miserable that we take the supposed best and brightest in society, charge them up to $60,000 a year in fees, then put them to work for four years on producing busywork that no one -- not them, not their profs, not other scholars -- actually wants to read. Might as well get them to spend four years carving detailed models of ships from sweet potatoes (and then bury the potatoes).
And in this case, it's especially poignant, since Kyle's workflow actually matches the practices of real-world programmers and academic computer scientists: coders look at one anothers' examples, use reference implementations, publish their code for review by peers. If you hired a programmer who insisted that none of her co-workers could see her work, you'd immediately fire her -- that's just not how software is written.
Kyle's prof's idea of how computer programmers work is exactly what's meant by the pejorative sense of "academic" -- unrealistic, hidebound, and out-of-touch with reality. Bravo to Kyle for standing his ground!
How I Won a Copyfight
(Thanks, Kyle!)
“The superfast broadband of the order of 100+ megabits per second (Mbps) and into the gigaspeed bracket is de rigueur for any nation purporting to be a developed and advancing economy.” – Phil Ruthven, “A Snapshot of Australia's Digital Economy to 2050”, IbisWorld, June 2012.
The Coalition should firstly be congratulated upon launching today a detailed, closely argued policy proposal on their alternative vision for the National Broadband Network and how it can be implemented “faster” and at less cost than the current NBN.
Malcolm Turnbull has moved the Coalition light years – or at least several million fibre optic kilometres – from the Luddite criticisms thrown up by the Opposition during the 2010 federal election campaign. And today, with his party leader Tony Abbott, he has released a coherent policy five months in advance of the 2013 election, in contrast to the Opposition's broadband policy release just three days ahead of the previous federal election, on 13 August 2010.
That said, it was sad to see the number of debating tricks employed in launching his national broadband policy.
There was the conflation of the government's NBN policies mark I (2007) and mark II (2009), and the selective omission of the “externalities” in the rollout of the NBN — (particularly the long negotiations with Telstra and the business-model-changing interventions of the ACCC) — in order to trash the reputations of both NBN Co and the government, in failing to meet rollout targets announced in either 2007 or 2010.
And there is the claim that the NBN, as a “government-owned telecom monopoly”, somehow inhibits retail competition. In contrast, the Australian telecommunications industry recognises that it has only been through part of the current government's NBN policy — the structural separation of Telstra and the positioning of the NBN building blocks as wholesale resources available to all retailers on equal terms of usage — that will allow totally equitable retail competition in the supply of broadband.
There was also Mr Turnbull's claim that in choosing the cheaper FTTN (Fibre to the Node) option, rather than Fibre to the Home (FTTH), the Coalition is following world's best practice. This political delusion – not shared widely within the telecommunications industry – was recently burst by independent journalist Stuart Corner's article in the Telecommunications Journal of Australia, “The politics of speed”, where he found that “82% of investment in FTTX (FTTH or FTTN) in 2012-17 in the world's developed countries is estimated to be in fibre-to-the-home (FTTH)” – i.e. only 18% of that investment is destined for Mr Turnbull's preferred FTTN.
These debating points must be debunked because they are part of a smokescreen that portrays the current NBN as being needlessly gold-plated, incompetently managed, and ridiculously tardy in meeting Australia's real needs for broadband – none of which I believe to be true. The reality is that we now have the chance to compare two policies pitched at different timescales of infrastructure need and use – and there are arguments in favour of both approaches. But we need to remember that, under both policies, there will be a world of difference between the timelines set in politicans' election promises and the hard engineering realities of managing any project of such massive scale.
Let me briefly compare the essential differences between the two policies. First, timescale. The current NBN is based upon meeting bandwidth needs, in the case of the lucky 93% with FTTH, for perhaps three decades beyond the rollout completion in 2021. (Just as the copper access network rolled out by the PMG in the 1950s was intended to last – and generally did last – for a further 50 years.)
The current NBN's vision satisfies two key drivers. The first is the need for Australia to grow its digital economy, as the only likely growth sector that can complement, and ultimately overtake, the mining industry. The Ibisworld report, from which I have quoted above, lays out a well-argued scenario in which by 2050 some 20% of the national GDP will be generated by the digital economy – if it is underpinned by ubiquitous high-speed broadband.
The digital economy is already a larger employer than the mining industry, and it has the advantages of providing a much greater diversity of highly paid, high-value jobs, which can be teleworked virtually across Australia – given enough access bandwidth.
The second driver is the inexorable historical growth in telecommunications access rates, which has been exponential since the 1950s – see the attached graph from Rod Tucker's 2010 article, “Broadband facts, fiction and urban myths”.
Rod Tucker (2010)
This exponential growth prediction, which is the telecommuncations industry's equivalent to Moore's Law for computing, continues to get empirical support – for instance, Google is currently trialling 1 gbps applications in Kansas City.
The current NBN policy is predicated upon building the major infrastructure – the network infrastructure – only once, and its lasting for decades. For this reason, the current NBN policy must be seen as being far more future-proof than the alternative policy. Optical fibre, already capable of supporting bandwidths in terabytes per second, is considered to have a lifeteime of 40 to 60 years. (A caveat is that the new satellites to be launched in 2015 to support the 3% of homes in remote areas will probably need to be replaced in 15 to 20 years. The fixed radio technology supporting 4% of premises can be replaced or upgraded much more cheaply, but should last a good 20 years without upgrades.)
If the current NBN policy is predicated upon providing international competitive advantage to Australia over several decades, the Coalition's NBN policy can be fairly categorised as a more cost-effective catch-up across Australia of the bandwidth that most households need now, in two stages.
Firstly, within the parliamentary term ending in 2016, their plan aims to universally match the 25 Mbps “bar” now set by NBN Co's fixed radio technology, announced two months ago (an impressive doubling of the previously planned 12 Mbps download speed, due to improvements in radio technology). In a second stage, to be completed by 2019, they aim to provide 50 Mbps minimum access speed to all FTTN and FTTH premises. This is an excellent aim for a cost-effective short-term (six year) plan.
However, in many cases, the proposed new FTTN technology intended for use in 71% of premises will not reach this speed in areas of low copper reticulation (British Telecom's solution in the UK requires the use of two pairs of copper per house connected, which is not universally available here), or in areas of ageing or particularly water-prone copper cables (a frequent situation).
The Coalition's solution is to provide FTTH in these exceptional cases. Without access to their business plan, one cannot see if they have factored in enough cases to affect their budget.
Four quick points in conclusion. Firstly, the Coalition has minimised the likelihood of any rural backlash by basically leaving the current NBN plan intact in rural areas. Secondly, it has not (at the time of writing) released its estimate of the cost of paying Telstra to maintain in working condition the copper network that will link its new FTTN cabinets to customer premises. There is reason to believe that the Coalition will have significantly underestimated this.
Thirdly, the Coalition has behaved extraordinarily like the Gillard government did in 2010 in building an investment case for the NBN that fails to factor in the real benefits to the nation's GDP, such as to the digital economy – let alone attempting to “capitalise” the benefits of social inclusion through facilitating universal broadband access.
Instead, the Coalition's proposal reads like an engineering investment case alone – an impression reinforced by Mr Abbott's statement today that his NBN, unlike the current one, will provide “a real commercial return”. Given all the cherry-picking that their NBN policy will allow to private developers, free at last to directly compete with the NBN's access infrastructure wherever they can make a profit, there is good reason to think that the Coalition's NBN will, as a result, inevitably operate at a loss.
Lastly, the Coalition makes much ado about saving taxpayers' money through reducing the scope and scale of the NBN. In fact, the only taxpayers' money saved would seem to lie in lower interest payments made by Treasury in the period before the NBN breaks even – in a period of historically low interest rates. These savings need to be offset by the loss to the economy of all the construction jobs associated with FTTH – the most labour-intensive part of the current rollout.
Further reading:
A tale of two NBNs: the Coalition's broadband policy explained
There was a time when even more African Americans lived in urban areas: After the Great Migration, many blacks moved north for job opportunities. They were relegated to urban cores because they weren't allowed to live anywhere else; policies such as redlining meant that they could only buy homes in certain neighborhoods, usually the places whites no longer wanted to live. In 1990, 57 percent of blacks lived in central cities, and 95 percent of blacks in the Northeast, Midwest, and West lived in metropolitan areas, according to Census data.
That has slowly been changing. Today, the majority—52 percent— of African Americans in the nation's top 100 metro areas live in the suburbs of those regions, according to Kneebone. In 2000, the majority— 55 percent—of African Americans in the 100 largest metro areas lived in the big cities that anchor those regions.
There are plenty of reasons that the distribution of where African Americans live has changed. As Millennials and Baby Boomers move back to urban cores, they're pushing out longtime African American residents. Often, those residents end up in inner ring suburbs, where housing is cheaper, but where there are fewer services and opportunities for employment.
Many middle-class African Americans, priced out of cities such as San Francisco and New York, are moving to Sun Belt areas such as Phoenix and San Antonio. Between 2010 and 2015, the black population of the Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale metropolitan area grew 17.9 percent. The black population of the San Antonio metropolitan area also grew 17.9 percent, according to Aaron Renn, a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute. Among the other fastest-growing cities for African Americans were Austin, Orlando, Las Vegas, Seattle, Minneapolis, and Dallas. Cities such as Detroit, Chicago, San Francisco, and Cleveland were the cities that lost the highest share of the black population between 2010 and 2015. Renn and other scholars call this “The Great Remigration.”
“Much like the white population who moved to suburbs in search of the American dream: the white picket fence, better schools, no surprise; black families want to own a home and have good schools too,” Renn said. “They're often choosing to live in suburban environments.”
To be sure, just because African Americans live in the suburbs doesn't mean they're no longer poor; as Kneebone has written about, suburban poverty is a growing problem. But it's important to note that the majority of African Americans aren't living in poverty today, either. Nationally, 27 percent of African Americans are living in poverty. That's still very high, compared to the overall poverty rate of 14.8 percent, but it also means that 73 percent of African Americans live above the poverty line. In suburbs, the poverty rate for African Americans is even lower, according to Kneebone: 20 percent.
Hi Guys,
We've run into a small last-minute issue that involves some of our electronics boards. While conducting our routine quality checks, we found that an unusually high number of them did not properly read the signals from the phone when using different versions of the Android OS. So we had to pull that batch and also run checks on every printer that had already been produced. Basically, this flaw requires us to redesign the PCB with a new micro controller unit to "clean" that signal and make sure the board reads it correctly across all versions of Android.
This process will take at least one more month, but while we wait for those new boards to be ready, we are continuing the production and assembly of all the other printers. Fortunately, the printer was designed to have the circuit board rapidly installed as one of the last components, so as soon as the new circuit boards are ready we can finish those printers and ship them out. We are sorry for yet another delay, but we want to be sure that all you backers get the best possible printer we can make and don't run into avoidable bugs once you have it.
Here, you can see a video of the assembly line for the printers.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
The ONO Team
Compelling evidence exists that non-haematopoietic stem cells, including mesenchymal (MSCs) and neural/progenitor stem cells (NPCs), exert a substantial beneficial and therapeutic effect after transplantation in experimental central nervous system (CNS) disease models through the secretion of immune modulatory or neurotrophic paracrine factors.
This paracrine hypothesis has inspired an alternative outlook on the use of stem cells in regenerative neurology. In this paradigm, significant repair of the injured brain may be achieved by injecting the biologics secreted by stem cells (secretome), rather than implanting stem cells themselves for direct cell replacement. The stem cell secretome (SCS) includes cytokines, chemokines and growth factors, and has gained increasing attention in recent years because of its multiple implications for the repair, restoration or regeneration of injured tissues.
Thanks to recent improvements in SCS profiling and manipulation, investigators are now inspired to harness the SCS as a novel alternative therapeutic option that might ensure more efficient outcomes than current stem cell-based therapies for CNS repair.
This review discusses the most recent identification of MSC- and NPC-secreted factors, including those that are trafficked within extracellular membrane vesicles (EVs), and reflects on their potential effects on brain repair. It also examines some of the most convincing advances in molecular profiling that have enabled mapping of the SCS.
Funeral stripping in Taiwan isn't new.
By some accounts, it's been going on since the 1800s. In the '50s and '60s, nobody would have dared report the practice, but hel-lo internet!
The more titillating the better.
But as the practice becomes more widely known, many Taiwanese have begun to voice their discontent. It was all right, so long as nobody in other countries noticed, the logic goes, but it's quite another matter to have funeral strippers associated with the Taiwan's image abroad.
What the practice consists of is basically what you'd see at a strip club — scantily clad dancers gyrating around poles, flashing lights and blaring pop music — except it's on the back of what they call "electric flower cars," which are basically floats like you'd see in a parade.
What could be a better send off?
(GlobalPost in Shanghai: Pole-dancing steps into the spotlight in China)
By many accounts, Taiwan's take on religion can be quite casual. Worship usually consists of an amalgam of Buddhist, Taoist and folk traditions. Temples are rowdy places, with cell phone ring tones mixing with the clacking sound of divination blocks hitting the ground.
In a new documentary, "Dancing for the Dead: Funeral strippers in Taiwan," Marc L. Moskowitz, an anthropology professor at the University of South Carolina, puts funeral stripping in this religious and cultural context.
Like many things in Taiwan, funeral strippers can be traced back to gangsters.
(GlobalPost in Taipei: Taiwan's gangsters are real-life Sopranos)
Moskowitz told the Taipei Times that it has to do with gangsters flaunting their power in the face of authority.
To a certain extent they are saying: Look at what we can get away with. It attests to their symbolic capital. On one of the occasions that I was filming there were police videotaping and I was backstage and I told the manager that the police were there with a camera. He had this sort of mischievous smile on his face and he said, “You know, we are fine. We are not going to cross over any boundaries.”
Watch a trailer from the doc:
Monday Night Tie Four On, celebrates the brewery's four years reminding Atlanta that weekends are overrated.
Jeff Heck, Joel Iverson, and Jonathan Baker started Monday Night Brewing after early morning bible study. In the beginning, the brewery contract brewed their first commercial offerings before building a beautiful facility in Atlanta.
Monday Night Tie Four On is a Belgian-style quadrupel, aged in oak.
Happy freakin' birthday to us! Bring on the endless wall post, co-worker sing-alongs and gift cards from Grandma. Thanks to your alleged “craft beer hobby,” we've made it to the ripe age of four. You know what? You deserve a present – a big delicious Quad aged on oak.
Monday Night Tie Four On will be available in 22oz bottles and draft. The brewery will through a birthday party on Saturday, August 8th. Tickets on sale now.
Style: Belgian-style Quadrupel (w/ Candi Sugar, Oak Aged)
Hops: Magnum, East Kent Goldings, Hallertau and Willamette
Malts: Vienna, Pilsen, Special B, 2-Row
Availability: 22oz Bottles, Draft.
Release: TBA
11% ABV, 15 IBUs
The brewery just released their first sour in the Black Tie Series as well – Monday Night Spirit Animal
SCOTTISH Conservative leader Ruth Davidson has warned supporters that the SNP are keen on independence.
In the letter to Friends of the Union, a Tory group of No voters, Davidson says she hadn't realised how much the UK meant to her until she was “fighting for its survival”.
“Strip away the SNP's spin, however, and it's clear that Nicola Sturgeon intends to press ahead with a re-run of the referendum as soon as she thinks the time is right for her,” Davidson wrote. “My fear is that her actions will trap Scotland in a constitutional no-man's land – putting a handbrake on Scotland's future, while the rest of the UK and the world moves on.
“Scotland doesn't want to go back to another referendum.
“Scotland wants to move forward. Scotland needs to move forward. Scotland must be given the chance to move forward within the UK, as the people of this county voted and demanded it should. Our business and our families need us to. One year on, it's time the SNP put country first and move on as well.”
After the First Minister warned Cameron he was on “borrowed time”, the Tory MSP said: “ Nicola Sturgeon is trying to ride both horses at the moment. She's trying to reassure the country, but also fire up her membership.
“Today she's been talking about the Union being on borrowed time, but she's also been telling her members that an impatient 45 per cent is still only 45 per cent.”
7 Galleries: Sarah Palin in Jersey City
Former Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin may have visited Donald Trump yesterday evening in New York City, but she slept in Jersey City.
Palin stayed at the Hyatt Regency on the Jersey City waterfront, completing the third day of her bus trip through historic sites along the East Coast including the Gettysburg battlefield and Philadelphia's Independence Hall.
"We love Jersey," she said upon her return to the Hyatt Regency from dinner at a pizza restaurant in Times Square. "It's good, it's beautiful."
Clad in pearl earrings, her trademark glasses, a black skirt and pink patterned blazer with an American flag pinned to the lapel, Palin met with Trump in his New York City penthouse apartment.
"He's got this business acumen that I hope people would listen to," she said. "We both encouraged each other to stay in the debate."
Palin said her father noted that Trump was very down-to-earth.
"He's a very real person, very grounded," she said of Trump.
Trump called Palin a "terrific woman and a terrific friend" who he hopes will seek the GOP presidential nomination, according to the Associated Press.
After the meeting, Trump and his wife Melania rode in a stretch limousine with Palin, her parents and youngest daughter, Piper, to have dinner at a pizza restaurant in Times Square, according to AP reports.
With Piper at her side at the Hyatt, Palin chatted and posed for pictures with a few hotel guests, including 10-year-old Myles Doran, who posed for a picture with Palin and her daughter.
"It'd be a great thing to tell everyone at school," Myles said of meeting Palin.
"It's been a good politics lesson," Matt Doran said of his son's meeting with Palin. Doran, his wife Melanie and their son are from England, and are in town on a business trip through Saturday.
"(He knows) she's a big figure in American politics, but we get to explain a bit more."
Of why she's chosen not to reach out to local politicians during this tour, Palin said: "It's not like we avoided them. I figure that politicians in office are very busy."
Palin noted that she's looking forward to touring Ellis Island today with her family.
Originally Posted by Blizzard Entertainment
We do feel that, at least for some classes, there are a few too many buttons to keep on your action bars. It's an issue we'd ultimately like to solve, but something we have to be very, very careful with.It's easy to look at your bar, go "LOOKIT ALL DEM BUTTONS", and decide that some of them need to go. In fact, we agree. It's much more difficult -- even dangerous -- to decide exactly which abilities to get rid of. Generally speaking, if you have an ability keybound, it's probably at least fairly important to your class. Getting rid of abilities you don't have bound doesn't really fix anything, so that means that, in most cases, we're talking about cutting the important ones.That's not to say it can't (or won't) be done, but it does mean it's a fairly large task. Depending on the ability, there could be a lot of rebalancing or restructuring needed to make sure the class is still functional and fun to play. Again, it's something we'd like to do, it's just a very involved process.True, and we want to avoid that. As I mentioned above, removing abilities you don't often use doesn't accomplish much. We often talk about this issue in terms of action bar space, but it's really keybind space that's the problem. One could make an argument that, say, Unending Breath could stand to be cut, but that's not something that's going to free up a keybind for the vast majority of Warlocks. ( Blue Tracker We don't feel that Warrior damage output itself is the issue. It's strong, but not out of line compared to other classes. We think the issue lies with mobility, and the Warrior's ability to keep that constant pressure going. That's why we decided to revert the 5.4 Intervene change in 5.4.2 and move the root break back to Safeguard. Once we've had a chance to see how that affects things, we'll be able to decide if any further changes are necessary. ( Blue Tracker
It's bad enough that a victim of sexual assault was jailed for an outstanding warrant when she went to report her rape. But being denied emergency contraception by her guard? No wonder she's suing.
We've watched the definition of “conscience clause” be expanded to include everyone from nurses and data entry workers at hospitals to bus drivers refusing to drop off patients at clinics. But now a prison guard refused to allow a rape victim to take the second dose of emergency contraception (which prevents fertilization) claiming it was “against her beliefs.” That's a new one.
Via Addicting Info:
A Tampa woman whom we only know as R.W., was raped. She was treated by the rape crisis center, who gave her two emergency contraception pills, one to be taken immediately and one to be taken 12 hours later. When she reported the rape to the police, they uncovered an arrest warrant on R.W. for failure to pay restitution and failure to appear. After she was arrested, a Hillsborough County guard confiscated her second pill, claiming it was against her religious beliefs.
But this is exactly what happens when “conscience” is allowed to trump a woman's rights to avoid pregnancy. R.W. is suing the sheriff's office, and as well she should. This isn't just about women denied access when jailed (Although that in itself is problematic — should a woman fear reporting a crime because she may be arrested? Not to mention the fact that women who are sexually assaulted while in jail may also be at the whim of a guard or someone in authorityin obtaining access to emergency contraception to prevent pregnancy).
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
No, this case also brings to light how those who are “in charge” when it comes to dispensing are able to inflict their own moral beliefs onto someone else. In states like Kansas, which seek to expand conscience clauses well beyond health workers, the putative “rights” if those who wield power are being allowed to trump those of the patient in need.
Many chimneys have been made unsafe across the region
Gales battering East Yorkshire and northern Lincolnshire are threatening to dislodge chimneys weakened by this week's earthquake, firemen have warned.
Humberside Fire Service has been called out to dangerous chimney stacks and roofing at properties in Bridlington, Hull, Grimsby and Cleethorpes.
Firefighters had attended about 20 incidents by early Friday evening.
In one incident a chimney stack fell on to a bungalow in Coldstream Close, Tweed Grove, Hull, but no-one was hurt.
Elsewhere a driver was taken to hospital after a car was hit by a tree which fell in high winds on the A165 Beverley to Driffield road.
Firefighters freed the trapped person from a Ford Focus which blocked the main road.
In Scunthorpe, a woman was treated in hospital for neck pains after part of a stable was blown onto a car.
The Met Office issued a severe weather warning for the region, with gusts expected to reach up to 80mph overnight.
In the early hours of Wednesday, properties across the region were shaken by the biggest earthquake to hit the UK in almost 25 years.
'Dangerous job'
The epicentre of the 5.2 magnitude quake was near Market Rasen in Lincolnshire.
The fire service received hundreds of calls from concerned residents in the aftermath of the tremor.
Humberside Fire Service spokesman Glenn Ramsden said: "For the second time within a few days our crews are braving the elements to make structures safe.
"This can be a very dangerous job and we advise people to stay clear of the area that our firefighters are working in."
"Since last summer we've had to deal with floods, an earthquake and now gales. The only thing we haven't had is a heatwave."
He urged residents to have any damaged property checked out by a competent builder as soon as possible.
"If the damage is not attended to, it will only get worse and should more severe weather hit the area, the damage could become life threatening," added Mr Ramsden.
So, now we know why they're called jigheads.
Capt. Charlie Thomason had just settled off of plane at his first stop of the day when his radio crackled with the voice of a guide who works for him. The captain needed assistance, and since Thomason was nearby, he told his clients they'd be making a slight detour.
"The guide had put a shrimp on a jighead, and told one of the (clients), 'Al right, throw right over there.' The guy reared back, went to cast and hooked another client in the back of the head," Thomason said. "They hadn't even made their first cast of the morning."
In the 24 years he's been guiding, Thomason estimates there have 30 to 35 instances when he's had to remove a hook from a client or from himself, including one time when a client hooked him in the mouth. Everyone on board got squeamish at the thought of yanking the hook out of his lip, so Thomason had to do it himself.
With all that experience, Thomason didn't mind lending a hand to the man with the jighead dangling from the back of his noggin. His technique involves wrapping strong string, like braided fishing line, around the bend of the hook, pushing down and back on the eye and giving the string a forceful tug.
"I always tell them I'm going to do it on three, and I pull on one," he said.
That's what he did with his captain's client, and the hook came out easily, though it was followed by a bit of blood.
"We bandaged it and held pressure on it," Thomason said. "When he came back to the dock at the end of the day, he had the bandage off and a hat on."
Forgetting about the incident was likely made easier by the fast action. The clients had their limits cooling in the ice chest.
**************
Todd Masson can be reached at tmasson@nola.com or 504.232.3054.
Follow @ TmassonFISH Tweet to @TmassonFISH
Following last year's marriage equality vote in New York, the National Organization for Marriage made promises that it would exact revenge on the four GOP senators who voted in favor of the law.
Now, at least one of them, Mark Grisanti (second from left) has won his primary in a landslide following an ugly final month of campaigning which saw him targeted by a soft core homoerotic mailer.
According to unofficial results Thursday night, Grisanti beat lawyer Kevin Stocker, with about 60 percent of the vote and almost all precincts reporting.
Said NOM's Brian Brown after money began pouring in last January to the senators from pro-equality donors:
“All the money in the world isn't going to buy them out of the fact that they're about to lose an election. People are outraged by what they've done, and they are going to be held accountable."
One of the senators (top left), James Alesi, retired. The other two were in primaries yesterday but the results are still too close to call.
Stephen Saland (top, right) leads his opponent Neil DiCarlo by just 42 votes with 100% reporting. Roy McDonald (third from left) lags behind his opponent Kathleen Marchione by 138 votes with 99% reporting.
Both races will be decided by absentee ballots.
Update 6.20pm: the Taoiseach Enda Kenny has said he WILL travel to the White House on St Patrick's Day, despite calls for him to refuse the invitation in protest at Donald Trump's travel bans.
A statement released on his behalf this evening he said: "In order to maintain the historically strong links between the Irish and American peoples it is important that the Taoiseach continues to engage with the US President and his administration in Washington around the events of St. Patrick's Day.
"Doing so allows the Taoiseach to outline, in person, his Government's views on a range of issues, including business and economic ties, immigration and other matters of common interest.
"He will continue to act in the interests of Irish people and to that end he will raise these matters again this year."
Update 6pm: Sinn Féin President Gerry Adams said Irish airports should not enforce Donald Trump's travel bans, and said he would raise the matter with the Taoiseach.
"This arbitrary ban and the refusal to offer sanctuary to refugees runs counter to international obligations, equality and decency," he said.
"Generations of Irish fled starvation, poverty and conflict to make a new life and contribute to building America.
"I congratulate the protesters at the airports last night and welcome the temporary stay on this unjust policy. I believe that the Irish Government should not allow Irish airports to enforce this fundamentally unjust order. I will be raising the matter directly with the Taoiseach."
Earlier:
The leader of the Labour Party has said the Taoiseach should not go to Washington for St Patrick's Day.
US President Donald Trump has invited Enda Kenny for the traditional shamrock bowl ceremony on St Patrick's Day.
More than 13,000 people have signed an Uplift petition in the last 24 hours calling on Enda Kenny to refuse the invitation.
Brendan Howlin's comments came after Donald Trump imposed a ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries entering the US.
Mr Howlin said that while he values the links between Ireland and America, Trump's actions and views are completely contrary to those of the vast majority of Irish people.
He called on Enda Kenny to withdraw from the planned visit as he does not think meeting the US President will achieve anything.
"(Mr Trump) doesn't allow any criticism, as we've seen. Therefore there's no point going and even arguing with him," he said.
"If the Taoiseach arrives in Washington it will be seen as giving credence and support to a policy platform that is anathema to the vast bulk of Irish people."
A number of political parties are calling on Mr Kenny to reject the invitation as a result of Mr Trump's barring of immigrants and refugees this weekend.
However Colm O'Gorman of Amnesty International Ireland said Mr Kenny should make use of the opportunity.
He said: "Personally I think it would be a powerful thing if the Taoiseach were to attend the White House and make clear in public and private statements to the US administration that Ireland believes this is a grave breach of international human rights law for the US to conduct itself in this way."
Everyone in tech needs to relax for a minute.
The Big Five -- Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google and Microsoft -- aren't killing everybody and squashing all innovation. And not every start-up that scores venture funding from a prominent Silicon Valley firm turns out like Juicero or Theranos.
Start-ups still have a chance to go big if they operate honestly, and build their products and services around new technologies that the incumbents still haven't mastered.
While we used to think of mobile phones and cloud computing as cutting edge three or four years ago, the frontier in tech moves quickly. Today's frontier technologies include synthetic biology, deep learning, quantum computing and the blockchain.
These fields, and companies that exploit these technologies, are just starting to reshape our world. They also have the chance to raise growth capital from more firms and to raise bigger rounds than ever before thanks to the presence of huge new entrants like Softbank Vision Fund which intends to pump $100 billion into startups over the next several years.
Here are 29 tech start-ups we expect to draw massive (over $50 million) rounds in the next two years to challenge the giants -- or at least get snapped up by them for hefty sums. To create and vet this list, CNBC.com interviewed multiple angel investors, limited partners who invest in venture firms, and senior investment partners with funds in San Francisco, Boston and New York. The firms represented a mix of early-stage, growth and corporate VC's.
May their products live long after the acquisition.
Walmart associates in 15 cities will walk off the job Thursday in the latest in a series of actions against the nonunion retail giant organized by the United Food and Commercial Workers union through the activist group it backs, OUR Walmart.
The group claimed that "thousands" would walk out.
"Walmart workers and their supporters today announced the largest mobilization since Black Friday, set for Thursday, September 5. The announcement comes as Walmart has failed to meet a Labor Day deadline to reinstate illegally fired and disciplined workers, publicly commit to improve jobs and end the company's aggressive violations of workers' rights," OUR Walmart said.
According to the news release, walkouts are planned by employees at stores in Baton Rogue, Boston, Chicago, Cincinnati, Dallas, Denver, Los Angeles, Miami, Minneapolis, New York City, Orlando, Sacramento, Seattle and San Francisco.
Washington, D.C., was included by the group in its announcement but there are currently no Walmart stores located in the nation's capital.
The retailer, the nation's largest single employer with 1.3 million workers, has long been a target of union-backed left-wing activist groups. Since November, Big Labor has been encouraging and publicizing walkouts and other worker actions against the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer.
A planned post-Thanksgiving action largely fizzled due to poor turnout. Many of the protesters at the events were not actually Walmart employees and in some cases were bussed in from outside. But UFCW and other unions have kept at it hoping to build legitimate grassroots support.
Although UFCW would clearly like to unionize Walmart, the current effort is disingenuously being presented as a grassroots effort to get the retailer to adhere to labor rights. Otherwise, Walmart could protest it as an illegal strike and demand the National Labor Relations Board sanctions the union.
Hence the following disclaimer at the end of the news release: "UFCW and OUR Walmart have the purpose of helping Wal-Mart (sic) employees as individuals or groups in their dealings with Wal-Mart (sic) over labor rights and standards and their efforts to have Wal-Mart publically (sic) commit to adhering to labor rights and standards. UFCW and OUR Walmart have no intent to have Walmart recognize or bargain with UFCW or OUR Walmart as the representative of Walmart employees."
A while back, we talked about the road ahead for Battlefield 4™ and how we will continue to support the game with more content. We were pretty vague. Now however, the time is right for shedding some more light on what you can expect going forward.
We plan to release new content in a slightly different way, always with our ear to the ground and enhancing the game based on your feedback. Expect game updates and tweaks, and things like a weapon pack – but also one or two bigger content drops.
Create the Community Map with Us
Ok. This is something we've never done before. There's a piece of content coming in 2015 that we're really excited about. We will build a Battlefield 4 map together with you – the community. Together with our development team, you will get to shape a playable map based on your input and expertise on what makes a fun multiplayer level. This map will then be tested and tweaked in the CTE (Community Test Environment), available for Battlefield 4 Premium members.
As part of this CTE testing you will be providing feedback* on the map, and creating the final thing together with us. During this process we'll be sharing behind-the-scenes details of what the development process for making a multiplayer map looks like.
As a thank you to the Battlefield community for sticking to your Battlefield 4 guns and giving excellent feedback to improve the game, we want to show our appreciation by releasing the “Community Map” as a free download, available to players on all platforms.
Give Community Map feedback on the Battlefield 4 CTE forum
Winter Patch Arriving in March
In March, we'll deploy what we call the Winter Patch, polishing things like netcode and soldier collision. This update will also tweak one of our competitive game modes, Squad Obliteration. Fast-paced and hugely focused on team work, this will become the lead competitive game mode for Battlefield 4.
In case you haven't had the chance to try it yourself yet, Squad Obliteration features two five-player teams fighting for possession of a bomb on the map. Your goal is to destroy two out of three enemy bases with these bombs to win. Our ambition with Squad Obliteration is to create something fast and challenging for the players and an entertaining experience for those who watch the matches.
More to Come
Stay tuned for more news on Battlefield 4 updates including the Community Map and more. It should be a fun ride since you'll be helping perfect the experience together with us.
Thomas Andersson
Creative Director, Battlefield 4 | DICE LA
* Respect the rights of others. Provide only content (1) that is not defamatory, obscene, offensive or indecent, (2) that is not confidential or proprietary and (3) that does not violate or infringe any third party rights. By providing, you grant EA all licenses needed to enable EA's use of the content for any purpose. EA's Terms of Service apply.
Bruce Campbell is currently hard at work on the Starz series Ash vs. Evil Dead, which will see his iconic character Ash Williams once again doing battle with the Deadites. But it's not the only dream horror project he has in his sights…
Ever since the 2010 release of The Expendables, which saw the biggest and best action heroes joining forces, horror fans have been clamoring for their own version of the concept, hopeful that someday all of the great horror icons will band together for a similar fight.
In a new interview with Movie Web, Bruce Campbell spoke briefly about the potential for such a film, revealing that the dream project just might become a reality.
“Never say never. I have a script that I'm working on that would pretty much be that,” Campbell said. “It's not ready to share at this point. It's in the pipeline I guess you could say. I've always wanted to do the Expendables of Horror type movie. Because I always run into all my horror buddies at conventions. It would be fun to do a movie that pretty much has all of them in it.”
Campbell first mentioned this idea a few years back, when it was to be the concept for My Name is Bruce 2. That film has since become Bruce Campbell vs. Frankenstein, which has seemingly found itself in the dreaded Development Hell.
I don't know about you, but the thought of guys like Bruce Campbell, Bill Moseley, Kane Hodder, Robert Englund and Doug Bradley coming together to kick some serious monster ass is one that has me excited about the future. So here's to hoping.
We'll have more on this one as we learn it.
Or should it? "The trouble with soft power," the historian Niall Ferguson insists, "is that it's, well, soft. All over the Islamic world kids enjoy (or would like to enjoy) bottles of Coke, Big Macs, CDs by Britney Spears and DVDs starring Tom Cruise" (Ferguson wrote these words in 2009). "Do any of these things make them love the United States more? Strangely not."
I take my question for this month's column from Nye and Ferguson's disagreement. If, like me, you have spent the last few days tucking into turkey sandwiches and gorging yourself on Christmas cookies or mince pies, have you been doing your bit to support Western hegemony? Or have you just been living in the past as hard power — the only thing that really matters — shifts inexorably from West to East?
Long-term history suggests that the question is in fact not so simple, and that neither Nye nor Ferguson got things quite right. For thousands of years, hard and soft power have gone hand-in-hand. No one can have one without the other, for the very good reason that each generates the other. But that said, soft power is never a package deal. No society ever swallows whole the culture, institutions and values of another. Rather, people pick and choose, adopting and adapting those bits of a great power's culture that seem useful or fun (such as Christmas, Coke and Big Macs) within their current way of doing things while ignoring those bits (such as democracy, gender equality and the rule of law) that do not.
Some of the earliest examples of the exercise of soft power are among the most informative. By 500 B.C., the city-states of ancient Greece had established a significant lead over their Mediterranean neighbors in military, financial and organizational hard power. They used this lead not only to plant colonies all the way from Crimea to Spain and make one of the biggest land-grabs in ancient history but also to turn much of the Mediterranean into a system of markets that made Greece one of the richest of all pre-modern civilizations. Not surprisingly, Greek soft power won admirers far and wide, but since the 1980s, archaeologists have shown that to begin with, there was really only one thing that people wanted from the Greeks: their wine.
Per Vinum Influentia
I spent every summer between 2000 and 2006 directing the excavation of Monte Polizzo, a native Sicilian village occupied between about 700 and 550 B.C. by people called the Elymians. Before 700, Elymian material culture bore almost no trace of Greek influence, but by 550 almost all Elymian drinking vessels — cups, jugs, mixing bowls — were either imports from Greece or (much more often) local products that directly imitated Greek styles. By 550 the traditional Elymian alcoholic drink, barley beer, had been almost completely replaced by wine, which, like the cups and jugs, was sometimes imported from Greece but was increasingly grown locally. After 550, Elymians also adapted the Greek alphabet to record their own language, minted Greek-style coins, built Greek-style temples, and assimilated their own mythology and gods to Greek versions.
The success of Greek soft power was extraordinary and has few parallels, but Ferguson's core point remains valid: Greek soft power stayed soft. It created no empires. Few people adopted and adapted Greek culture quite as vigorously as the Roman elite of the second century B.C.; yet although Roman senators sent their sons to be educated in Athens and wrote histories of their own city in polished literary Greek, they also showed little hesitation about using their hard power to conquer and plunder Greece. Romans burned Corinth and looted its artworks in 146 B.C., sacked Athens even more violently in 86 B.C., and snuffed out Cleopatra's Egypt — the last independent Greek-ruled kingdom — in 30 B.C.
Reflecting around 19 B.C. on the contrast between Greek soft and Roman hard power, the Roman poet Horace famously wrote that "Captive Greece took captive her savage conqueror." The reality, though, was uglier. The Greek superiority in soft power simply did not matter in the face of Roman superiority in hard power. In a cruel irony, Rome then annexed Greek soft power for itself, creating a fusion Greco-Roman culture and spreading it through military conquest as far as Britain and Mesopotamia.
The Romans became masters at marrying hard and soft power. They never made the mistake of thinking that soft power could substitute for hard, but neither did they delude themselves that hard power could hold an empire together. The secret, the Roman historian Tacitus suggested, was to use hard power first, robbing others of their freedom to resist, and then to turn to soft power to compensate them for their loss. "The population was gradually led into the demoralizing temptations of arcades, baths, and sumptuous banquets," he noted of the Britons who had been defeated by his father-in-law, Agricola, in the A.D. 70s. "These unsuspecting Britons spoke of such novelties as 'civilization,' when in fact they were only a feature of their enslavement."
Story highlights Police say the intruders used a golf club to kill 920 chickens
The suspects gained access through a back fence, police say
$5,000 reward being offered
Suspects in a bizarre burglary beat to death 920 chickens at a farm in central California earlier this month, authorities say.
The suspects pulled back a portion of the fence at the Foster Farms facility in Caruthers, California, on September 20 and "once they were inside... used a golf club, we believe, (or) possibly some other type of instrument, to maliciously kill several hundred chickens," according to Deputy Chris Curtice with the Fresno County Sheriff's Department.
In a statement, Foster Farms calls the random act of violence an "unconscionable act of animal cruelty." The company is "working with local law enforcement on their investigation into this matter and is offering a $5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and prosecution of the persons responsible for the crime."
Curtice says evidence collected at the scene -- including part of what authorities believe is a golf club used in the slayings -- is a crucial clue that may help identify the suspects.
But they are also "asking for anyone's help who might know anything about this," he said.
Foster Farms operates more than 100 ranches along California's Central Valley, according to its website. The company says it was the first major U.S. poultry producer to earn the American Humane Certification.
"It is the express policy of Foster Farms to treat its birds humanely and with compassion. Any intentional act to the contrary is unacceptable," a company statement said.
Especially troubling is the band's awareness of their name inflicting offense coupled with a seeming indifference to its effects and implications. This entire issue was brought to my attention through several of the band's interviews in which they exhibit this sort of behavior, seen notably in the video, "Hello: Viet Cong at Le Guess Who? 2014," (at 4:51, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXaiEcgRxTg) and article, “The Ridiculousness of Being Viet Cong” (http://www.imposemagazine.com/features/viet-cong-interview: "That [name] comes from our drummer, and from us being teenagers and watching movies. The Viet Cong were always the bad asses in movies.") The fact that the band openly acknowledges their problematic name, yet fails to change it or do anything about it, highlights this blatantly appropriative move, reinforcing a tradition of American (and Western) orientalism and appropriation.
What the Vietnamese student community helped me understand is that I cannot claim to fully comprehend the implications of a band (consisting of four white Canadian men) naming themselves "Viet Cong." I can call out this name for being grossly ignorant and deeply offensive, but I also understand that even if I knew all the historical context, I am not someone whose personal and historical history is directly tied to and affected by the consequences of U.S. imperialist actions in Southeast Asia. This is precisely why I believe it is important for me to listen to the concerns raised by those who do understand and are affected on a deep emotional level. I cannot with good conscience put on this show knowing that it hurts others, and the onus should absolutely not be on those who are hurt to educate the rest of the community on why this name is offensive.
File under shitty band names. Meet the Calgary-based post-punk band that calls itself. A concert promoter recently canceled a show at Oberlin College because of controversy over the band's name.Okay, bros. Of all the ridiculous things you could call yourself, you picked "Viet Cong." Where did you come up with that name? Why? Surely, you had to know that members of the Vietnamese community would it be offensive."It's just a band name. It's just what we called ourselves," frontman Matt Flegel says in an interview In another interview , Flegel explains further, "That comes from our drummer, and from us being teenagers and watching movies. The Viet Cong were always the bad asses in movies." This might be the dumbest reason behind a band name ever. Too many teenage viewings ofHmm. Well, perhaps they're unaware of the name's painful connotations.Uh, nope. Flegel shares, "Vietnamese immigrants -- the Vietnamese Canadians and Vietnamese Americans -- will write us an email saying that their family was tortured by the Viet Cong for five years in a prison camp."So this is just straight up, willful disregard. In a statement/apology to the Oberlin community, promoter Ivan Krasnov explained his reasons for canceling the Viet Cong show, acknowledging the problematic nature of the name, and citing the band's own awareness and seeming indifference to the name's offensive implications:Read the full statement here Long time readers might remember a similar controversy a few years back over a band that called itself "Ching Chong Song." As far as I can tell, they're still around with their shitty name.A few years back, The Morning Benders changed their name to POP ETC . After embarking on their first international tour -- having already called themselves The Morning Benders for five years -- they discovered that "bender" is used as a derogatory term for "homosexual" in certain English-speaking parts of the world. So they made the change. "We simply cannot go on using a name that is demeaning to the gay community," the band explained. It was that simple. You have to give them props for that.
I'm not Vietnamese. While it's plainly obvious to me why "Viet Cong" is a awful band name, I cannot fully grasp or express the deep emotional and psychological implications that this name evokes. For that, I'll point you to Charles Lam of OC Weekly, who offers a personal explanation of why Viet Cong Is a Stupid Band Name:
The majority of Vietnamese living overseas are refugees from the Vietnam War. They hate the Vietnamese communist government, and, really, communism in general. Why? Well, when someone invades your country, kills your family (my grandfather was killed by a VC roadside bomb, for example), renames your capital, throws you in reeducation camps and forces you to flee your homeland, it's kind of hard not to.
These kinds of emotions still run very deep in the Vietnamese community, even with 1.5 and 2nd generation kids like me, and it's honestly kind of shitty to name your band after the people who killed a good chunk of my family, stole most of their property, and imprisoned and tried to kill my dad multiple times. I don't care if your band name doesn't mean anything to you or if you just picked it because your drummer thought it sounded cool; it definitely means something to me.
The more I read about how these guys came around to settling on "Viet Cong" as their band name, the angrier I get about how such inconsequential thought went into choosing it. They insist that they're not out to offend people; they just want to make music. And dude, I totally believe that. So why do they insist on operating under this idiotic name? Because at this point, f*ck the music. I haven't even bothered. Nobody gives a shit.Not when you're four white dudes cluelessly calling yourself "Viet Cong."
The Company You Keep
Not Your Pizza Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 14, 2014
Ignoring all of the very real reasons why I wouldn't want to ally myself with #GamerGate, there's a very simple rule of thumb I like to use:
The quality of a group's supporters is indicative of the quality of the group.
By this, I mean that if I don't personally agree or like or support the highest profile supporters of a group, then there's a good chance I wouldn't support the group, either, once I looked into the group more.
This inverse of this is also true: if there is a group that is opposed by people I respect, by people I like, by people who's work I agree with, then there's a good chance I would oppose that group too, once I looked into the group more.
(Obviously, you should personally investigate the merits of a group before supporting or opposing anything the group does. A group's supporters are only a barometer of quality, not a statement of quality.)
Here are some high profile supporters of #GamerGate:
Adam Baldwin
Christine Sommers
Milo Yiannopoulos
Vox Day
Weev
Here are some of the highest profile people who have voiced disapproval, mockery, or general opposition to what #GamerGate represents:
Elijah Wood
John Scalzi
Joss Whedon
Wil Wheaton
Neil Gaiman
Tim Schaeffer
Adam Sessler
William Gibson
Cory Doctorow
Your personal opinions of the people listed above may differ, obviously, but, well.
I leave that as an exercise to the reader which set of people garners more respect and trust from me.
Senior managers at the Portland Hotel Society are resigning because of an ultimatum from the provincial government, according to executive director Mark Townsend.
The Portland Hotel Society runs Insite, which is Canada's only stand-alone supervised injection site for drug users, and a number of social housing and support facilities on Vancouver's Downtown Eastside.
The resignations come after the B.C. government hired an outside auditing firm to examine the organization's bookkeeping and spending habits last fall. The audit raised concerns about perks for staff and the lack of proper documentation of how the society spends its administration fees.
Townsend, who has been with the society for 21 years, said the managers were given the choice of resigning or having their contracts with the province cut.
"We were given a stark choice: Fight an effort to put us into receivership, in which case the government would pull all the contracts that we have that you can pull without cause, or alternatively we would let them choose a new board and a new leadership team."
Townsend confirmed fellow executive director Liz Evans and other board members decided to step down by the end of the month to avoid any service disruption, and relinquish control to a new board selected by the provincial government.
Looking for a NPC Village Seed for Pocket Edition? Look no further. This cool Minecraft PE Infinite Seed is for versions 0.10x. This great seed has it all at spawn: two villages, the first with a blacksmith with really good loot. The second, which is beside the first, lacks a blacksmith, but has a stronghold (with end portal) beneath it's well!
The see was submitted by Epic Fan Shezrie (thanks Shezrie!). Here's what you'll find in Shezrie's words:
Right as you spawn you can see a house on the far left of the screen . That is the first village with a blacksmith. On my Kindle Fire HDX I found iron, emeralds, a saddle, an iron sword and apples in the chest. If you stand at the bottom of the well of this village and facing the blacksmith, select the bottom right hand corner block and dig straight down and you will land on the edge of a lava pit, cross it and continue keeping to the right and very close by is 6 diamonds. Right behind this regular village is another village, a sand village this time with no blacksmith. Unfortunately this village appears to be a ghost village. I found just one villager here. But down the bottom of the well in this village is a stronghold. I also dug down under the stronghold and found 2 more diamonds and lots more to explore in the caves under there. All within steps of spawn. Edit: I did a search and as far as I can tell I cannot find this seed ‘moneymaker' posted anywhere.
Shezrie played on a Kindle Fire HDX. We verified the seed on the latest version of the iPad Air. As expected, the seed is exactly as described (as it should be). We were able to verify everything Shezrie mentioned and have screenshots below to back up the seed description. We also couldn't find a Pocket Edition seed called ‘moneymaker' (all lowercase) online. Check this one out!
Minecraft PE 0.10.0+
Infinite Seed: moneymaker
Minecraft PE Seed AKA: 1074879716
Minecraft PE In-Game Screenshots
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct. 11 (UPI) -- It costs Canadian taxpayers and charities about $7 billion a year to help women who leave their abusive partners, researchers calculated.
Professor of nursing Colleen Varcoe of the University of British Columbia colleagues and comprehensively identified the economic costs for services used by women who leave a violent partner.
The study, published in the journal Canadian Public Policy, determined the cost of health, legal and social services for women who have left a violent partner comes to $13,162 per woman for hospitalization, X-rays, doctors visits, legal aid, children protection worker, unemployment insurance, social assistance, dentist, counseling and food bank use.
"We found that food banks account for a staggering 80 percent of the non-health, private, third-party costs, which in this case are borne by charitable organizations," Varcoe said in a statement.
"What our findings make clear is that 'leaving' is not a panacea -- in pointing out the economics of violence, we are also showing the human costs which are incalculable."
Healthcare was also pricey. The study also estimated women who have left violent partners went to emergency units 24 times per month -- at $180 per visit -- as compared with the Canadian female of the same age group of one ER visit per month and 1.9 physician visits -- at $47 per visit -- per month compared to the norm of 0.37 physician visits per month.
Could Chip Kelly be looking at Vernon Adams as a possible draft pick?
Adams is currently taking part in practices leading up to the East-West Shrine Game on Saturday, and after Monday's practice, Adams and 49er Scouts met.
The #49ers scouts spoke w/ Oregon QB Vernon Adams after his first East/West Shrine Bowl practice today. #OregonDucks #SpotSakamoto — Ryan Sakamoto (@SakamotoRyan) January 19, 2016
Adams is looking to impress NFL scouts as a way to boost his NFL Draft stock. As a senior at Oregon, Adams started 10 games and passed for 2,643 yards, 26 touchdowns, and six interceptions. Adams led the FBS in yards per completion at 15.73 and also yards per attempt at 10.20.
Tyler Johnstone, Alex Balducci, and Christian French are also in Florida for the East-West Shrine game.
13 January 2015
Crops can do their own weed control
Weed control Weeds are the enemy of crops and agricultural output worldwide. Organic and conventional farmers have their respective weed control strategies, either through the use of fuel guzzling, CO2 producing machines or environmentally harmful chemicals. Research from the University of Copenhagen now suggests that the war on weeds can be conducted more sustainably by asjusting sowing patterns and crop density.
Wheat sowed in a field with high weed pressure provided by rapeseed. Left photo: Low crop density, crops sowed in rows. Middle photo: High crop density, crops sowed in rows. Right photo: High crop density, crops sowed in grid pattern.
In conventional farming, the most frequently used herbicides for weed control have a negative impact on the environment. On the other hand, organic farmers enlist machines to battle unwanted growth. These machines guzzle fuel and produce CO2, while their tyres compact soil and damage its structure. New research results from the University of Copenhagen's Department of Plant and Environmental Sciences report that weeds would have a tough time competing against crops such as corn, grains and beans if farmers were to alter their sowing patterns.
“Our results demonstrate that weed control in fields is aided by abandoning traditional seed sowing techniques. Farmers around the world generally sow their crops in rows. Our studies with wheat and corn show that tighter sowing in grid patterns supresses weed growth. This provides increased crop yields in fields prone to heavy amounts of weeds,” states Professor Jacob Weiner, a University of Copenhagen plant ecologist.
Weeds battered, crop yields bumped
Research studies performed in Danish wheat fields, together with recent studies in Colombian cornfields, demonstrate that modified sowing patterns and the nearer spacing of crops results in a reduction of total weed biomass. The amount of weeds was heavily reduced – by up to 72% – while grain yields increased by more than 45% in heavily weed-infested fields. The trick is to increase crop-weed competition and utilize the crop's head start, so that it gains a large competitive advantage over the neighbouring weeds.
Jacob Weiner explains:
- Our results make it possible for agriculture to be conducted in a far more sustainable manner while maintaining consistently high grain production. This requires affordable new technologies to make it proactical out in farmers' fields. We can develop methods for outcompeting weeds even more if we learn more about how plants interact.
The research results from Colombia have just been published in Weed Research, one of the leading scientific journals in its area. They were achieved via a collaborative effort between the Jorge Tadeo Lozano University in Colombia and the University of Copenhagen.
Link to article: Effects of density and sowing pattern on weed suppression and grain yield in three varieties of maize under high weed pressure
For further information:
Professor Jacob Weiner
Department of Plant and Environmental Science
Phone: +45 35332822/+45 42680644
Mail: jw@plen.ku.dk
Communications officer Rikke Pape Thomsen
Department of Plant and Environmental Science
Phone: +45 35 33 35 19
Mail: rpt@plen.ku.dk
I'm watching a video of 12 of the most famous people on the planet naked in bed together. The material is being guarded so closely that the people in possession of it have refused to send me a link in case it gets hacked. Instead I'm looking at it via Skype, with the person on the other end of the line pointing the camera at a laptop screen on which the footage is playing. You can understand the desire for secrecy. As the camera's ghostly night-vision lens pans slowly, hypnotically over the mostly sleeping bodies, their identities are revealed as follows: George W. Bush. Donald Trump. Anna Wintour. Rihanna. Chris Brown. Taylor Swift. Kanye West. Kim Kardashian West. Ray J. Amber Rose. Caitlyn Jenner. Bill Cosby.
Fast forward 48 hours. By now—at this exact moment in fact, if all goes to plan—the rest of the world will be watching the film. That includes the 8,000 people seeing it on a 100-foot screen at the live unveiling at the L.A. Forum, as well as the glazed-eyed legions catching the live stream on Tidal or the afterglow on social media. Because the scenario I've described above forms the action of Kanye West's visual manifesto for his new single “Famous.”
The crew West gathered one way or another (more on that below) for his meditation on fame in America includes current and ex-lovers (Kardashian West, Rose), collaborators and extended family (Rihanna, Jenner), and those with whom he is simply partnering in controversy. Of George W. Bush, the then president he accused on live television of not caring about black people, West, speaking by phone from L.A., now reflected, “Maybe in some alternative universe me and George Bush could have been friends. I could have been his O.J. Simpson black friend on the golf course.” What about the inclusion of Cosby? Is that an endorsement? West once tweeted: BILL COSBY INNOCENT !!!!!!!!!!. “It's not in support or anti any of [the people in the video],” West said. “It's a comment on fame.”
Which brings us inevitably to Taylor Swift. The moment West debuted the track at the listening party for his album The Life of Pablo at Madison Square Garden in February, Famous became infamous because of that line. I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex, he rapped. Why? I made that bitch famous. Since then West and Swift have been trading public barbs on how much he discussed it with her in advance, but West now refuses to be drawn further on the issue.
Important to West was that he had his wife's co-sign. “[I say] a lot of lines other wives would not allow a husband to say,” he said. “But my wife also puts up photos that other husbands wouldn't let them put up. One of the keys to happiness in our marriage is we're allowed to be ourselves.” The video also reminds me of something West said about himself and Kardashian West in an earlier conversation: “Our life is walking performance art.”
How much of what appears in “Famous” is real? The video, which was filmed over a period of three months and cycled through four different formats and several different collaborators until West felt he'd achieved the result he wanted, leaves you guessing as to which of the celebrities are really playing themselves and which are presumably only there by the grace of some advanced prosthetic wizardry (will the real Taylor Swift please stand up?). Speaking from an L.A. editing suite where he was still obsessively recutting the film the day before its premiere—while also shooting a new scene involving Caitlyn Jenner and a purple Porsche—West was loath to divulge too much of what went on behind the curtain. For him, the ambiguity goes to the core of what he's trying to say about the mythos of contemporary celebrity.
West has pushed the format of the music video before, most notably in the 2010's “Runaway,” the 35-minute-long mini-epic he made to showcase the album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. But, if you'll excuse the expression, this is his most naked attempt to raise the music video to the level of an art piece. “Matthew Barney is my Jesus,” he said, referring to the artist known for his use of living sculptures in works like The Cremaster Cycle. (West was also directly inspired by the work of American realist painter Vincent Desiderio.) West's video has some of the salacious trappings of a pop promo—the night-vision vibes; the presence of Ray J., who previously appeared in a sex tape with Kim, an epochal event that West hasn't been shy about referencing in his lyrics. But here he raises those expectations only to confound them. “We were very careful with shots that had [something] sexual to take them out,” he said. What we see instead is a moody, quasi-religious tableau of naked, vulnerable, strangely peaceful bodies at rest. Under the sheets, West seems to be saying, celebrities are just like us.
Tonight's premiere is just a prelude. In August, West embarks on a nearly 40-city North American tour to perform The Life of Pablo, and “Famous” offers only a hint at the spectacle we can expect. It's too early to say what the reaction to “Famous” will be, but West has already won over one constituency. He has previewed the film for a few celebrity pals who don't appear in it. “Guess what the response is when I show it to them?” he said. “They want to be in the bed.”
"Significant portions" of a dismembered infant's body remain missing as authorities continue their investigation into its death in South Los Angeles.
On Saturday morning around 10 a.m., 9-year old Britany Placencia was playing in her backyard in the 1500 block of West 104th Street when she stumbled upon a body part. "The dog was sniffing the ball... so I was going to get the ball and I got it," she explained to NBC 4. "I saw the leg, so I just ran to my momma and told her."
Britany's mother soon discovered the dismembered head in another part of the yard and called called authorities. L.A. County Sheriff's deputies, detectives, and officials with the coroner's office arrived and confirmed the body parts belonged to those of an infant no more than 3-days old.
"This was kind of shocking to me, when you hear anything about an infant," said neighbor Lawrence Alston. Investigators searched his property and dug through his trash, but found nothing.
According to a press release from the Sheriff's Department, neighbors on the 1500 block of West 104th Street are being asked to search their property and trash for additional remains. Detectives are also looking to speak with any women who may have been recently pregnant but are no longer pregnant without a child.
Anybody with information about the case is being asked to call homicide detectives at (323) 890-5500.
Ladies (and gents — feminism isn't just for badass women anymore), I've been there before. We've all been there before. It's midterm season. You're stressed. You're feeling a bit low. You need an empowerment boost.
You are a queen.
You need these movies to make you feel like one again.
(Queen. Queen. Queen.)
I know all of these movies have their flaws and are definitely not as intersectional as one would like, but as someone who loves watching badass women be their badass selves, I've finally narrowed down the list of incredible feminist movies down to an iconic five. Name five more iconic movies, I'll wait. (Seriously though, name them in the comments, I love me badass women movies so the list should be never ending.)
1. Legally Blonde
This movie is so third-wave feminist that I'm not 100 per cent sure why Rebecca Walker didn't cameo in it. Sure, the movie isn't perfect (see how white the cast is and that whole scene with the gay poolboy) and Elle might be the pinnacle of a ton of privileges, but damn does she slay.
Women helping women. Women of all walks of life working together towards something good. Women realizing they don't need a man to succeed. Women using the ingrained sexism in certain circles of academia to power their way to the top. Women proving time and time again that women aren't either gorgeous or smart, but both! Women dumping their loser boyfriends because they were never serious about being in a partnership — Vivian is also queen in this, just saying.
Break out your pink laptops and scented resumes because this movie gives you not only a drive to study and kick ass in school, but also slay in every other part of your life.
1.5. Legally Blonde the Musical
Is it cheating to put Legally Blonde twice? Maybe, but it just feels so right.
This musical (available on YouTube) follows the original pretty closely but amps up everything in the way only musicals can. Didn't like Warner in the movie? Wait until you see him propose to Vivian in front of Elle. Thought Vivian was nice enough in the original? Watch her go full sisterhood in the musical.
It's everything the movie was and more, with a ton of good songs and lines like “Maybe Warner saw a blonde who was sleeping her way to the top, but I see a woman who doesn't have to.”
Elle rocks it again. So you'll rock your LSAT just like her.
2. Mean Girls
Putting aside the knowledge that Tina Fey wrote the bloody thing, this movie is truly iconic. I say “That's just like the rules of feminism” at least every other day. I'm pretty sure doing so is in the feminist laws.
Not only is this movie set in school (making you at least feel like you're almost studying), Mean Girls dishes empowering messages along the way. The movie makes sure you know that obsessing over your flaws is unhealthy and that no one, not even Regina George — the Queen Bee herself — thinks that they're perfect. Cady dumbing herself down for a boy is completely nuts and it turns around on her so fast. Women in math and science slay and Cady shows it at the end when she wins the math competition.
Being nice to all women, knowing how to be a true friend, how everyone gets put down sometimes, the importance of reclaiming women's sexuality — this movie is so full of women-positive messages that I'm not surprised the majority of women I know can quote half the movie by heart.
Girl world rules — just like the women inside it.
3. Hidden Figures
Holy shit this movie. The real life story of early badass women of colour in STEM? This is the movie I didn't know I needed. Strong woman after strong woman walk onto the screen and into my heart.
This whole movie is just incredible and definitely worth taking a study break for. Or take a life break for. Man, come to The Ubyssey' office and let's watch it together. My heart, be still.
Queens come in all shapes and sizes. Don't let the white-washed version of society that Hollywood pretends we're living in stop yourself from pulling the strong feminist vibes from these movies and apply them to all things in life — including that midterm.
4. A League of Their Own
This movie introduced me to Geena Davis and for that, I'll be forever grateful. It also introduced great motifs like women helping each other unconditionally, women paving their way in the world, showing that there is no one correct type of woman, and the beautiful Tom Hank's incredible line “There's no crying in baseline!”
Can we just talk about Dottie and Jimmy's super supportive and super platonic relationship? Do you know how hard it is to find a good, women-led movie without some kind of romantic subplot? And Jimmy respects the hell out of Dottie's relationship with her husband.
Seriously, this gem is a feminist movie dream. I'm honestly a little upset I'm not watching it right now.
Plus it's nice to see that at least one of these (overwhelming white) movies points out that white feminism is different from intersectional feminism and that white feminism doesn't always benefit all women.
5. The Devil Wears Prada
Over the almost immeasurable times I've watched this movie, I've found that there are six things they want us to learn.
1. Always, always, always cinch at the waist.
2. Meryl Streep is an immortal goddess who is blessing us with her presence.
3. Any woman can be an absolute powerhouse if she has the drive.
4. Getting dumped by your dumb boyfriend because he claims you've “changed” because you're moving up in the world and he feels threatened by your new found confidence and influence is probably to the best to happen to you — you'll probably go to Paris and get free stuff.
5. Don't shame the woman who follows trends and fashion because they can be as feminist and empowered as any other woman.
6. Make your own path, even if it leads you to the world's largest fashion magazine straight out of university. Also how do I get that job, I write for my school's paper — Vogue if you're reading this, please hire me.
Plus it helps that literally everyone in that movie is gorgeous. Just saying.
Hillary Clinton on Thursday narrowed down the "determinative" reasons for her 2016 presidential loss to two factors: FBI Director James Comey and WikiLeaks.
During an appearance at the eighth annual Women in the World Summit in New York City, Clinton said her team and supporters have been spending time "trying to piece it all together" — referring to why she lost to President Trump.
She noted that there were "lots of contributing factors" and said her campaign and she herself "certainly could have done better."
"Certainly misogyny played a role," Clinton noted. "That just has to be admitted."
But, she narrowed it down to two incidents, which notably were outside of her control, that struck the killing blow to her campaign.
"I think it is fair to say that the outside intervention, the combination of the Comey letter on Oct. 28th, WikiLeaks which played a much bigger role than I think many people understand yet, had the determinative effect," Clinton said.
.@HillaryClinton on what moved the election towards Trump in the end — she points to Comey letter & Wikileaks/Russia pic.twitter.com/F9mFyz6P4K— Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) April 6, 2017
It's unclear what Clinton meant when she said people don't yet understand the full scope of WikiLeaks' impact when it released stolen documents from Democratic officials including her campaign chairman John Podesta, but Clinton did seem to hint that more will be brought to light when the book she is writing gets published.
The other incident Clinton referred to was Comey's decision to reopen an investigation into Clinton's emails, just days before the Nov. 8 election. The case was again closed on Nov. 6, but critics lamented that there was irreparable damage done to the Democratic candidate's image and swayed some people who cast early votes.
Clinton also took aim at Russia for its interference in the election. Earlier in the program she said it was her preference that an independent, nonpartisan perform the probe.
Administrators of one Delaware cemetery are asking visitors to bring artificial flowers to gravesites, saying hungry deer are eating fresh floral arrangements there.
The News Journal of Wilmington, Del. reports (http://delonline.us/OIgOd1 ) that All Saints Cemetery has installed signs suggesting visitors bring faux foliage. Artificial floral arrangements are also being sold now at a cemetery office.
An assistant superintendent at the cemetery says groundskeepers have tried to keep the pesky deer away from funeral flowers by spraying them with a deer deterrent and covering them at night. But the official says problems with the hungry deer seem to have only gotten worse this year.
The plea comes at a peak cemetery visitation time for relatives and others paying respects to deceased loved ones around Christian observances of Palm Sunday and Easter.
___
Information from: The News Journal of Wilmington, Del., http://www.delawareonline.com
An Indiegogo campaign set up by Anonymous to expand its news coverage through a dedicated site, rather than its existing Twitter and Tumblr services, has closed with over $54,798 in crowd-sourced funding.
Anonymous launched the project with an initial funding target of $2,000, which the hacktivist collective said will be used to fund parts of the development process and initial hosting.
The news site will be used to bring together breaking news, reports and blogs from independent reporters online under its Your Anon News branding. Anonymous' original campaign video said that it would provide a space for people on the ground, or ‘citizen journalists', to be able to livestream events as they were taking place.
While the initial funding target was undoubtedly set well below the group's predicted support, the money it has received from 1,309 backers means that it should have more than enough investment to build a news site with considerable influence.
Anonymous is never far from mainstream news due to its various demonstrations and hacking exploits. The group accessed several prominent North Korean sites earlier this week, including central news and information outlet Uriminzokkiri.com.
It has also criticized the mainstream media, in part because of its traditional structure and inherent constraints, but also for publishing what it describes as “political and celebrity gossip.”
Anonymous is a movement and set of ideals, which makes it increasingly difficult to identify the size and hierarchy of its operations.
A news site for Your Anon News could be like nothing the Internet has ever seen before, if it chooses to avoid many of the ethics and principles endorsed, but sometimes forgotten, by traditional journalists.
Backers can expect to receive their appropriate perks, such as buttons, coffee mugs, t-shirts and the like, by June this year.
Image Credit: MOHAMMED ABED/AFP/Getty Images
Read next: BSkyB inks exclusive indie movie deal in the UK for The Master, Silver Linings Playbook and more
First group of Syrian families begin leaving Syria's besieged Aleppo after Russia announced opening of ‘humanitarian corridor'.
Syrian regime forces have surrounded rebel-held districts in eastern Aleppo since July 17, sparking fears for an estimated 250,000 people who live there. (TRT World and Agencies)
Groups of civilians left the besieged and battered opposition-held east of Syria's Aleppo city on Saturday through a "humanitarian corridor" to the regime-held west, state media reported.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights also reported that "a number" of civilians had crossed into regime territory.
The crossings were the first major movement of people from the besieged districts of the city after regime ally Russia announced on Thursday that passages would be opened for civilians and surrendering fighters.
State television broadcast footage showing civilians, mostly women and children, walking under the watch of regime troops and boarding buses.
"This morning dozens of families left via the corridors identified," state news agency SANA reported. "They were welcomed by members of the army and taken by bus to temporary shelters," it added.
It said "a number" of women over the age of 40 had left in addition to the families and were taken to shelters.
SANA added "armed men from eastern neighbourhoods of Aleppo" turned themselves over to army soldiers in Salaheddin district, without specifying a number or giving further details.
State television broadcast footage of a handful of men entering regime territory carrying their weapons aloft, some with scarves wrapped around their faces.
‘Afraid to leave'
Once Syria's economic powerhouse, Aleppo has been ravaged by the war that began in March 2011.
It has been roughly divided between regime control in the west and rebel control in the east since mid-2012.
Eastern neighbourhoods have been under total siege since July 7, when regime forces seized the only remaining supply route.
The encirclement has caused food shortages and spiralling prices in the east, and raised fears of a humanitarian crisis for the estimated 250,000 people still living there.
But the humanitarian corridors announced by Russia have been met with suspicion by residents, as well as countries including the United States.
A view shows what is believed to be the road that civilians would have to use to access one of the safe exit points opened for civilians to leave rebel-held areas, in Aleppo's Bustan al Qasr, Syria July 29, 2016. (TRT World and Agencies)
Many residents said they were afraid to leave.
"I want to leave, but not to government-held areas," said Abu Mohamed, a 50-year-old father of four living in Al Shaar district.
"I'm very afraid they will take my 17-year-old son and force him to sign up for military service where they'll send him to the frontlines," he said.
"The humanitarian situation is more and more desperate and it's hard to find food," he added.
No aid has entered east Aleppo for weeks, and international agencies have warned that residents there risk starvation.
The UN voiced provisional support for the humanitarian corridors, but its Syria envoy Staffan de Mistura urged the body be allowed to take charge of the routes.
"Our suggestion to Russia is to actually leave the corridors being established at their initiative to us," he said.
"How can you expect people to want to walk through a corridor, thousands of them, while there is shelling, bombing, fighting?"
'Leave or stave'
On Saturday, regime war planes continued to hit opposition positions, with the Observatory reporting air strikes on two rebel-held areas on the outskirts of Aleppo.
The group also reported clashes in the two neighbourhoods, saying the regime was attempting to forestall any rebel bid to bring in reinforcements to try to break the regime siege.
Syria's opposition has dismissed the humanitarian corridors initiative as a ploy and part of the regimes bid to recapture all of Aleppo city.
"Be clear – these 'corridors' are not for getting aid in, but driving people out," Basma Kodmani, a member of the opposition High Negotiations Commission, said on Friday.
"The brutal message to our people is: leave or starve."
Analyst Karim Bitar, from the French think-tank IRIS, also said residents of the east faced "a terrible existential dilemma... between risking starvation or risking to die while fleeing."
More than 280,000 people have been killed in Syria's war which erupted five years ago.
Source: TRT World
We're pleased to announce that Linode now supports Docker right out of the box.
Docker allows you to create lightweight containers for your applications as well as use images created by other users.
Docker's latest release, 0.7, focused on supporting a wider range of standard kernel configuration options, and we've released a new kernel (3.12.6) with adjustments to match this. Starting with this release, you'll be able to use Docker with the default Linode kernel, rather than needing to use a custom kernel via pv-grub.
Installing Docker on Your Linode
Make sure you are running our latest kernel. You may need to reboot to get it. Install Docker by following their excellent documentation: Start Using Docker
Try it out by running through the Hello World example or really dive in and set up a Redis service! Feel free to check out all of the Docker Examples or search through the Docker Image Index to learn more.
Enjoy!
Filed under: announcements, features by Linode Security Team
Tyce Sauter has spastic quadriplegia cerebral palsy, a condition that requires an expensive, specially-fitted wheelchair for him to function at his best. Tyce Sauter has spastic quadriplegia cerebral palsy, a condition that requires an expensive, specially-fitted wheelchair for him to function at his best.
- A Becker, Minnesota family is looking for answers after a $12,000 wheelchair belonging to a six-year-old boy with cerebral palsy went missing from the back of his father's pickup truck somewhere in Stearns County over the weekend.
Tyce Sauter was born prematurely at 29 weeks with spastic quadriplegia cerebral palsy, a condition that requires an expensive, specially-fitted wheelchair for him to function at his best.
“It's built just to his size and he has custom seating because he has low tone in his torso,” Tyce's mom, Kristi Sauter, said. “It has to support his neck and torso.”
The family believes the wheelchair was gone missing from the pickup truck somewhere between Sauk Centre and Albany.
“I cried all day yesterday,” Kristi said. “I was upset, very upset. [I'm] getting broken up now. For someone to do that, it just breaks my heart when someone messes with an innocent child.”
Albany police are investigating the alleged theft, but they are also leaving open the possibility that the wheelchair bounced out of the truck along his route from Sauk Centre.
In the meantime, Tyce will use this 300-pound backup wheelchair, which is much more difficult to transport than his 22-pound blue Quickie Zippie Zone chair.
The family turned to Facebook on Sunday to get the story out there and hopefully locate the missing wheelchair. Their post has now been shared more than 5,000 times in 24 hours.
“Social media has been awesome for so many to find missing things, this is small town, let's throw it out there. Maybe someone saw something and have it returned. But, no such luck,” Kristi said.
While at the KS Mart in Lynnwood, Washington, I saw this and had to give it a try. Wasn't sure what (if any) noodles would be within, although I know one thing: topokki (or ttebokki) are really neat – they're like enormous noodle chunks. Korean food is awesome stuff. Here's what Wikipedia says about how it arrived in its current form:
Following the Korean War a new type of tteokbokki became very popular. While the older version was a savory dish, this latter type was much spicier, and quickly became more popular than the older traditional dish. In addition to traditional ingredients, this tteokbokki used gochujang, a fermented, spicy paste made from chilli peppers, along with fish cakes. Other ingredients added to tteokbokki include boiled eggs, pan-fried mandu (Korean dumplings), sausages, ramyeon (which then becomes rabokki/labokki 라볶이), a variety of fried vegetables, and cheese. These days, many kinds of tteokbokki are popular such as seafood tteokbokki(해물 떡볶이) or rice tteokbokki(쌀떡볶이). Flour tteokbokki was popular in early days, but rice tteokbokki is more popular these days. Sindang-dong in Seoul, where tteokbokki was first sold, is still very famous for the dish and treated as the mekkah of tteokbokki. Since Tteokbokki has become one of the most popular dishes, one will easily find a place to enjoy eating Tteokbokki in Korea.
Check out the full Wikipedia article here. Now, let's open this thing up!
Here's the importer's sticker (click to enlarge). Ethyl alcohol? Yep – you definitely smell it when its cooking in the microwave.
Here are the side panels (click to enlarge). The sticker was hard to remove – my apologies.
Hey! A new included fork for the Included Forks page!
Here's the topokki! Like big trippy noodle pieces.
Here's the spicy sauce!
Hey what is this? I'm taking a shot in the dark here, but I think what you do is open it and pour water into it up to the line. This one's going to be a real crap-shoot as far as figuring out how it is prepared, but here's my guess: empty everything into the bowl as well as 50ml of water. Microwave for 2 1/2 minutes. Hope for good results…
Finished (click image to enlarge). I decided to pair it with some of the kimchi I also got at KS Mart in Lynnwood, Washington. I know, it's a little greenish still – it was very fresh and it's not completely ripe yet… I have trouble resisting the kimchi. Speaking of kimchi, my 7 year old boy HATES the stuff. But he's awesome so here's a link to his blog, Andy's LEGO Stuff. So the stuff on the right – that's the topokki. The topokki is chewy and hearty and enjoyable! The flavor is wonderful – spicy like gochujang and has just the right spices and stuff; kind of reminds me of canned ravioli sauce but spicy and a ton better. This should replace anything remotely like Spaghetti-O's on your shelf if you can find it! This is some tasty and really spicy stuff! Yeeow! 5.0 out of 5.0 stars – pure tasty awesomeness in a very simple form.n UPC bar code 8803560010692 .
You know, every day that I realize that there hasn't been a huge explosion of Korean and Indonesian restaurants in this country it saddens me a little more. I'm so lucky to live in an area that has a rich ethnic population and a lot of Asian groceries!
This guy's gotta be happy going to school there! Wow!
47.810652 -122.377355
In a faraway province in the northernmost parts of the Philippines, Ryan Cardona is excited about the month of May. The clear blue skies, pristine waters of the Pacific, and the warm winds from the ocean during this month are all good signs for his business. Ryan works as a tourism officer in Batanes, ushering in visitors from all parts of the country and around the world to visit the Land of the Winds.
This year, however, Ryan does not only look forward to tourists flocking in during summer. “The coming months are very important. On May, another presidential elections will be held after six years,” he said.
What Is at Stake?
More than 18,000 elective seats are set to be filled, which includes the most powerful posts a person can hold in a democracy: President, Vice-President, 12 Senators, 59 party list representatives, and 238 Members of the House of Representatives. These are positions of power, and whoever holds these seats determine the course of the country for the next six years. They can make or break laws and policies, for better or worse.
The stakes are even higher this year as 54.4 million Filipinos are expected to cast their votes on May 9, 2016, the most number of registered voters in Philippine history.
The bulk of the votes comes from vote-rich regions in Luzon such as the Southern Tagalog Region and the National Capital Region (NCR). Logically, these regions are the main targets of candidates. As the campaign season officially opens this February, scores of aspirants are expected to come swarming in the cities, parading their faces, and giving away cheap tokens to their supporters. The dirty graffiti on walls will be replaced by sticky pictures of smiling politicians. The streets will be filled with echoes of tacky campaign jingles blasted on megaphones.
Vote-Rich Areas
Quezon City remains the top vote-rich city in the Philippines with over a million voters, followed by Manila, Davao City, Caloocan and Cebu City.
Vote-Rich Cities (as of November 16, 2015)
1 Quezon City 1,150,342 2 Manila 974,479 3 Davao City 873,670 4 Caloocan 648,933 5 Cebu City 630,003
Source: COMELEC
Cebu has always been the center of limelight during campaign season with over 2.5 million voters. During the 2013 elections, 80.77% turned up in the precincts, according to the Commission on Elections. The number has increased to 2.7 million voters this year.
Vote-Rich Provinces (as of December 2015)
1 Cebu 2,722,288 2 Cavite 1,843,163 3 Pangasinan 1,705,260 4 Laguna 1,675,366 5 Negros Occidental 1,663,492
Source: COMELEC
Not a Guarantee for Victory
But here's the catch. According to Eric Jude Alvia of the National Citizens' Movement for Free Elections (NAMFREL), getting the support of vote-rich areas is not a sure ticket to winning. For example, Joseph Estrada won the presidency in 1998, but lost votes to his Cebuano rival Emilio Mario Osmena, Jr.
In the 2010 elections, Jejomar Binay lost to Mar Roxas during the 2010 elections in Cebu where Binay secured only 400,000 votes, compared to one million votes for Roxas. Binay won the vice presidency that year.
A high number of registered voters does not also automatically translate to actual voter turnout. Davao del Sur is the seventh vote-rich province in the Philippines but it also had one of the lowest voter turnouts during the 2010 presidential elections at 64.37%. Vote-rich Metro Manila has also culled a poor record in terms of voter turnout; 15 out of 17 cities did not reach the national voter turnout. Only Valenzuela and Pateros recorded a voter turnout higher than the national figure. Metro Manila recorded the second to the lowest voter turnout among the regions at 69.07%, a few points better than SOCCSKARGEN's 68.91 %.
Being a popular choice in social media is also not a guarantee of victory. Most Filipinos live in rural areas where there is no access to electricity, let alone a computer or a mobile phone, Alvia said. Because of big voting populations in the cities, as well as the overkill of campaign efforts, voters from urban areas are also likely to develop a flaking mindset. “In cities where there are lots of voters, one may think that his or her vote may not matter. As a result, he or she may not go to the precinct to vote,” Alvia said.
Hence, focusing on one vote-rich province and ignoring other small provinces may affect a candidate's chances of winning.
Alvia says the secret to winning is the even distribution of campaign efforts through all the provinces. Door-to-door campaigns or the ground strategy remains the most efficient campaign strategy especially in rural areas where television and the Internet are only available to a few.
Small in Number but Big on Turnout
This is where the differences between vote-rich and vote-poor areas come in. While voters from the urban areas seem to be less enthusiastic to go to polling precincts, those who live in small, unpopulated areas appear to be more eager to cast their votes.
Statistics can prove this.
Looking at the Philippine map, Batanes may seem like an insignificant province in the north, a small dot amidst the vast oceans surrounding the archipelago. But voters in Batanes actively participated during the 2010 elections. Eight out of ten Ivatans have cast their votes with a voter turnout of 85.28% (from a total of 10,480 registered voters). “Exercising their right to vote ensures that their voice can be heard even if they come from a faraway island,” according to COMELEC spokesperson James Jimenez.
In an interview with GMA News Online, political analyst Ramon Casiple of the Institute for Political and Economic Reform said that patronage system may also be a factor why voter turnout is high in these areas. “Land owner-tenant relationship is most often observed on election day -– when voters show their utang na loob by voting,” he said.
Vote-Poor Provinces Voter Turnout (2010 Elections) Province No. of Registered Voters Voter Turnout *National turnout: 74.99% BATANES 10,480 85.28% above national turnout* CAMIGUIN 58,021 84.56% above national turnout* SIQUIJOR 64,804 86.58% above national turnout* DINAGAT ISLANDS 65,345 69.72% below national turnout* APAYAO 66,283 76.34% above national turnout*
Source: GMA News Research based on COMELEC data
Although the combined number of voters of the top five vote-poor provinces is less than any of the vote-rich province, most of these vote-poor provinces have higher voter turnouts than the national average of 74.99%.
A New Hope
29-year-old Ryan has never missed voting during an election. It is a right he exercises as a citizen who dreams of a better life in a remote island. Coming from a small province often hit by typhoons, there is little opportunity to make a living and Ivatans rely on their local government for job generation.
The election season does not only signal a new hope, it also means additional jobs for the Ivatans. According to an Ivatan who refused to be named, many locals had their fair share of casual and contractual jobs during the campaign season. Some would work as errand boys for a local politician and could earn P4,000 every month.
As Batanes gears for the campaign season, more Ivatans get hired for work. Senior citizens are now hired to sweep the streets for two to three hours each day for extra income.
But these jobs are only temporary and are only good for two to three months. “Kulang ang trababo kasi sa tuwing malapit ang elekyon lang merong ginhawa sa mga Ivatan. Swerte ka lang kung nanalo pulitiko mo at sa termino niya maiwan kang may work, (Employment opportunities are lacking because it is only during the election period when Ivatans feel progress),” he said.
Ryan hopes that with a new administration, more jobs and livelihood will be generated in Batanes. He believes that the local government can start with revitalizing and reinforcing the local tourism in the island without sacrificing the natural beauty of their culture and heritage. “Eco-tourism is the answer. We want a leader who understands eco-tourism. We don't want hotels in Batanes, homestay dapat. Tourism is good but it should be controlled as well,” Ryan said.
Currently, the Batanes Cultural Heritage Preservation Group has forwarded a petition via change.org to stop the construction of a 100-room hotel in Batanes for tourism.
The month of May brings new opportunities for the Ivatans: a chance to showcase the beauty of the island to curious tourists, a chance to earn a living, and a chance to change their small town for the better.
[Entry 122, The SubSelfie Blog]
About the Author:
Hon Sophia Balod is a storyteller. She is currently a News Producer of special reports and features for Balitanghali, Saksi, and State of the Nation with Jessica Soho. She is also a media fellow of the Philippine Center for Investigative Journalism for Basic and Advanced Investigative Reporting. Journalism 2010, UP Diliman. Read more of her articles here.
Advertisements
Story highlights Suspect also had a career as an actor in gay pornographic movies, a source says
He had worked for the German domestic intelligence service since April, officials say
(CNN) A German domestic intelligence service employee arrested as a suspected Islamist plotting against the state also had a career as an actor in gay pornographic movies, a source with knowledge of the case said.
The source confirmed reports in German media that the man had roles in those movies but added that the development did not appear to be related to the alleged terrorist plot.
The prosecutors' office in Duesseldorf said Wednesday it had opened a criminal investigation against the man, a 51-year-old German citizen, on suspicion of "preparing a serious violent act endangering the state."
He had worked for the German Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution since April, it said. He was arrested November 16 over allegations of sharing protected materials and making Islamist statements online.
According to the statement from the prosecutors' office, the intelligence service employee "was tasked with the observation of the potentially violent Salafist scene" -- referring to an ultrafundmentalist branch of Islam.
Read More
WATERVILLE — The Rev. Larry Jensen of St. Joseph Maronite Catholic Church on Appleton Street has been removed from the church amid a “substantiated” allegation of sexual abuse of a minor 15 years ago in Connecticut.
“He has been permanently relieved of priestly ministry and he can not present himself as a priest anymore,” Michael Thomas, vicar general of the Eparchy of Saint Maron of Brooklyn, New York, said of Jensen Monday morning in a telephone interview.
Father Larry Jensen holds the figure of Jesus used in the Good Friday rite where communicants kiss the feet at St. Joseph's Maronite Church in Waterville on April 14. Jensen has been relieved of his priestly duties amid allegations of sexual abuse 15 years ago in Connecticut. Staff file photo by Michael G. Seamans If you need help If you or someone you know has experienced sexual violence, free, confidential help is available 24 hours a day at 1-800-871-7741. To learn more about sexual violence prevention and response in Maine, visit the Maine Coalition Against Sexual Assault online at mecasa.org.
Thomas said the alleged abuse victim, a male, “was close to 18 but not 18” when the alleged abuse occurred at the time Jensen was a priest at St. Anthony Maronite Catholic Church in Danbury, Connecticut.
“Father had some sexual contact with this minor, and we were kind of shocked when we got the call last week,” Thomas said. “I confronted Father with it and he didn't admit it, but he didn't deny it.”
Jensen, 62, was born in Muskegon, Michigan, and he served 8 years at St. Anthony Maronite Catholic Church in Danbury, Connecticut, before coming to the Waterville church. Before those assignments, he served 10 years at St. Michael The Archangel Maronite Catholic Church in Fayetteville, North Carolina, according to Thomas.
Attempts to reach Jensen for comment on Monday were unsuccessful.
Thomas said he does not know who the accuser is and he does not think any legal action has been taken so far on the accuser's behalf.
“It's been shocking for all of us. We feel very bad for the victim and we feel very bad for (Jensen), so we're torn,” he said. “He's had consistent assignments; we've never had any complaints.”
There are about 50 priests in the Brooklyn Eparchy, which covers Maronite churches along the East Coast from Maine to Florida, and they all know each other. Within the Catholic Church there are individual churches, or rites, that may have differing local customs but all pledge to be in communion with the pope in Rome. The Maronite church is one such rite, with a history in the eastern regions of the world, while the Roman Catholic rite includes most in the western world.
Mitchell Garabedian, a Boston attorney who is not involved in the Jensen case but has prosecuted more than 2,000 cases involving sexual abuse in the Catholic church, said a person in the state of Connecticut has until the age of 48 to file a lawsuit in court.
Garabedian — whose character was featured in the Academy Award-winning film “Spotlight,” based on the Boston Globe's Pulitzer Prize-winning reporting about sexual abuse in the Catholic Church — said Monday that an investigation must have been done in the Jensen case in which the victim was found to be credible. Otherwise, Jensen would have been placed on leave and not permanently relieved from priestly duties.
“It's kind of like being suspended without pay pending an investigation,” Garabedian said in a phone interview Monday. “Obviously, they've gone beyond that point.”
Until Sunday, Jensen had been the priest at St. Joseph Maronite Catholic Church, at 3 Appleton St., for about 10 years. On Sunday, Bishop Gregory Mansour of the Brooklyn Eparchy read aloud a letter to parishioners at the Waterville church, explaining that the Rev. James Doran was replacing Jensen, who likely would have been transferred to another parish in the next year anyway because most priests serve only six to 9 years in one place, according to Thomas.
Mansour also told parishioners the Eparchy takes allegations of abuse seriously, and if anyone else had complaints about Jensen to contact officials, Thomas said. “We just want to make sure no one else is affected,” he said.
The same kind of letter was read in the parishes of Danbury, Connecticut, and Fayetteville, North Carolina, Thomas said.
Parishioners of St. Joseph in Waterville on Monday reported being saddened and heartbroken Jensen was removed from the church but said they understand the rules that require it when someone reports sexual abuse.
“I feel very, very bad for Father,” said Martha Coury Patterson, a St. Joseph parishioner. “I can't even express how badly I feel for him because it is a thing of the past and forgotten and he's been so wonderful to so many people and so hopeful and he brought so much love.”
Patterson said Jensen is in Massachusetts now and has a large, supportive family in Michigan, where she believes he will go next. “We're just praying for peace for him,” she said.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgeport, Connecticut, notified the Brooklyn Eparchy on May 1 of the allegation of abuse by Jensen, Thomas said.
Brian Wallace, communications director for the Bridgeport Diocese, clarified on Monday that St. Anthony's Maronite Catholic Church is not a part of the Bridgeport Diocese. Jensen is not, nor has he ever been, part of the Roman Catholic diocese or had an assignment there.
The reason Bridgeport Diocese reported the allegation of sexual abuse is that Bridgeport officials got a call last week from an attorney who indicated there had been an allegation of sexual abuse, according to Wallace. He said that the Bridgeport Diocese takes such reports very seriously and, as part of protocol, called the Eparchy and other entities to relay the report they had received from the attorney.
“As soon as we received that call, we immediately notified (Connecticut) Department of Children and Families,” Wallace said. “We immediately notified police. We're mandatory reporters.”
He said the attorney called Bridgeport because the alleged abuse took place in Danbury and it would be logical for the attorney to call the Roman Catholic Diocese because it encompasses all of Fairfield County in that state.
A message left Monday afternoon for a police detective-lieutenant at Danbury Police Headquarters was not immediately returned.
Thomas said the Eparchy has been trying to be transparent about the matter involving 62-year-old Jensen, who is close to retirement age. He will be provided a pro-rated retirement stipend until full retirement age, which could be 65 or 70, and he will be kept on health insurance until he is 65, according to Thomas.
Thomas said that when he confronted Jensen with the report, he told him he had no choice but to remove him from priestly ministry.
“We have a review board that looks at these cases,” Thomas said. “Because Father wasn't denying, there was no need to convene the review board. But we had a conference call with the review board, and he was removed from the ministry permanently. Father said that this was the only time that this ever happened, and I have no need to doubt it.”
But Garabedian, the Boston lawyer who handles church sex abuse cases, said his experience tells him there could be “dozens and dozens of victims” and he's seen firsthand “endless the amount of abuse.”
“It's incumbent upon the leaders of the Catholic Church … to determine if there are any other victims of Father Jensen out there,” Garabedian said. “It would be inappropriate to rely on only Father Jensen's word as to how many children he sexually abused.”
Garabedian said transparency is important in the case “so the truth is revealed, so victims can try to heal.”
“There needs to be a complete investigation of this matter because it's very important to determine who knew about this sexual abuse of Father Jensen,” he said.
Garabedian's 2,000-plus cases worldwide span a period of more than 70 years, he said. One victim, he said, was abused in 1938. He said he now has 150 clients, 80 of whom were abused by teachers in Jesuit schools.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Portland issued a statement Monday afternoon saying it had been notified by Mansour, the Maronite bishop, that a “substantiated claim of sexual abuse of a minor” had been made against Jensen.
The Roman Catholic Diocese statement points out that Jensen was not a priest of the Portland Diocese.
“Bishop Mansour has assured the diocese that Fr. Jensen has been removed from the ministry after the claim was found to be substantiated,” the statement says. “The incident took place a number of years ago and did not occur in Maine. Bishop (Robert) Deeley asks all to join him in praying for the St. Joseph Maronite Church community, those impacted in this matter and the victims of clergy sexual abuse and their families.”
The statement says Deeley encourages anyone who may have information about any case involving sexual abuse of a minor by a church representative to contact civil authorities.
Amy Calder — 861-9247
[email protected]
Twitter: @AmyCalder17
Share
filed under:
LIMA (Reuters) - Center-right economist Pedro Pablo Kuczynski had a slight lead over Keiko Fujimori, the daughter of an imprisoned former president, as early results came in from Peru's presidential election on Sunday.
The 77-year-old Kuczynski had 50.59 percent support while Fujimori had 49.41 percent with about 52 percent of votes counted.
Earlier, polling firm Ipsos said its quick count of a sample of votes gave Kuczynski, known in Peru as PPK, about 50.5 percent and Fujimori 49.5 percent, a technical tie.
Another pollster, GfK, gave Kuczynski 50.8 percent of votes to Fujimori's 49.2 percent.
“The most likely scenario is that PPK wins the election and becomes the next president of Peru,” said Alfredo Torres, an analyst with Ipsos, although he cautioned it was too early to call the election because it was so close.
Kuczynski, a former prime minister and investment banker, portrayed himself as an honest and experienced leader and has promised to clean up corruption and revive sluggish economic growth.
“We take this preliminary verdict with optimism, but with modesty,” a grinning Kuczynski told cheering supporters from a balcony at his Lima campaign headquarters.
He told the crowd to be vigilant until the final official results were announced.
Fujimori, 41, a former congresswoman, had a big lead in the first round of voting in April and was ahead in most opinion polls a week ago. But her lead melted away in the final days of campaigning in Peru's fourth democratic election since the end of her father Alberto Fujimori's decade-long rule in 2000.
Peruvian presidential candidate Pedro Pablo Kuczynski waves at a breakfast meeting in Lima, Peru, June 5, 2016. REUTERS/Paco Chuquiure
Fujimori, who narrowly lost her first presidential bid against left-leaning Ollanta Humala in 2011, said in an upbeat speech on Sunday evening that rural votes from “deep Peru” still needed to be counted.
“This is a tight vote without a doubt ... what we're seeing is the vitality of democracy in our country, and that fills me with pride,” Fujimori said in front of her orange-clad supporters at her campaign headquarters in Lima.
Seeking to be the South American country's first female president, she has spent the past five years trying to broaden her appeal beyond loyalists to her controversial father.
Alberto Fujimori was credited with defeating violent Shining Path guerrillas and building schools and hospitals in rural areas but his authoritarian style divided Peru and he is serving a 25-year sentence for corruption and human rights abuses.
‘BETTER OFF'
In this year's campaign, Keiko Fujimori ousted her father's staunchest defenders from her party's congressional ticket and stepped up campaigning in provinces she lost to Humala.
Still, many voters remained wary after scandals linked her new associates to money laundering and drug trafficking. Fujimori has defended her team and said her party was the victim of a smear campaign.
“Peru will be much better off with PPK. I'm very proud that Peru remembered what happened years ago. I have family members who had to leave the country because of Fujimori,” said Alexandra Gamarra, a 25-year-old student who celebrated the early results at Kuczynski's campaign headquarters.
If he wins, Kuczynski will have to reckon with a solid majority of Fujimori's party in Congress and a leftist party that has promised not to align with either of them.
Slideshow (11 Images)
While both candidates are fiscal conservatives who would maintain a free-market model in the resource-rich Andean economy, their styles and approaches differ widely.
The campaign pitted the Fujimori family's brand of conservative populism against Kuczynski's elite background and stiff technocratic style, which has curbed his appeal in poor provinces and working-class districts.
Fujimori repeatedly promised to respect democratic institutions and waged a more energetic campaign than her rival, performing regional dances in far-flung villages where she promised to deliver tractors and portrayed her rival as out of touch with struggling Peruvians.
Vodafone Warriors head coach Stephen Kearney has today named fullback Roger Tuivasa-Sheck as the club's 2017 NRL captain while also confirming Kiwi second rower Tohu Harris has been signed on a four-year deal from 2018.
Kearney has additionally announced veteran second rower Simon Mannering as the club's 2017 vice-captain.
“These are critical decisions we've made in the club's best interests for not just this season but also for our future,” said Kearney.
“We've given the captaincy a lot of thought throughout the offseason before reaching this point.
“Roger offers all the qualities we want from our players. He is a true professional in the way he goes about all he does, providing a wonderful example for players to follow. He's also one of our leaders and has many years left in the game.
“Simon will give him the support he needs as vice-captain. It's important to have him in the role because he epitomises everything our club stands for.”
Kearney paid tribute to veteran second rower Ryan Hoffman, who led the side last year.
“Hoff has given the Vodafone Warriors tremendous service as a player since joining us in 2015 and as captain last season,” he said.
“As one of our leaders he'll still have a critical leadership role to play this year. That won't change.
“What we've done is to look further ahead with not just the captaincy but also the make-up of our squad.
“It's exciting to bring Roger in as our new captain and to also secure Tohu from next season. He's a wonderful forward, still young and very much at the top of his game. I certainly look forward to having him with us next year.”
Tuivasa-Sheck (23) said he was honoured to become the Vodafone Warriors' 11th captain after Dean Bell (1995), Greg Alexander (1996), Matthew Ridge (1997-1999), John Simon (2000), co-captains Stacey Jones and Kevin Campion (2001), Monty Betham (2002-2004), Steve Price (2005-2009), Mannering (2010-2015) and Hoffman (2016).
“I was really humbled when Mooks offered me the position,” said Tuivasa-Sheck.
“It's a huge privilege to be captain of my club and I'm excited about taking on the added responsibility. I want to do all I can to help the Vodafone Warriors become the club we all want it to be.”
Mannering, 31 this year, said he would give not just Tuivasa-Sheck but the entire team all the support he could.
“I stepped aside from the captaincy last year and enjoyed the chance I had to focus more on my own job as a player,” he said.
“Mooks has come on board and asked me to take on the vice-captain's job. I'm happy to do it if he thinks it's in the team's best interests. For me it's all about trying to make our club the best it can be.”
In his reign as captain Mannering led the Vodafone Warriors a club record 136 times and added a 137thmatch in charge when he took over from Hoffman for a game last year.
Hastings born and raised Harris (25), off-contract with Melbourne this year, said he was thrilled about the chance to link up with the Vodafone Warriors.
“I've had a great time with the Storm and I owe them so much for what they've done for me,” he said.
“Coming home to play for the Vodafone Warriors is a fantastic opportunity, though. The club has a great roster with so many Kiwi boys there and being back in New Zealand closer to family is a big attraction.
“I also have great respect for Mooks through my time with him in the Kiwis and I look forward to working with him again.”
Harris has made 103 NRL appearances for Melbourne since debuting in 2013 while he has played 16 Tests for the Kiwis.
Honoured and truely grateful for the opportunity to lead the @nzwarriors in this season coming #warriornation #tyj ✊\ud83c\udffd A photo posted by Roger Tuivasa-Sheck ☝\ud83c\udffc️ (@tuivasasheck) on Jan 31, 2017 at 9:03pm PST
This is a classic combination of chocolate and peanut butter. Biting through a layer of silky chocolatey goodness, you will find a crispy peanut butter center that's naturally sweetened with maple syrup and coconut sugar. Keeping these in the fridge helps to keep the chocolate firm and not in plain sight, allowing for maybe a few days of crunching on these instead of twenty minutes. They can be made a couple days in advance, making them perfect for gatherings and the holidays. They are also super easy and quick to make, equaling an ideal treat, especially when Logan eats them all behind your back.
*Oh hey! If you make any of Noming's recipes, be sure to snap a photo and share them on Twitter or instagram with #nomingthrulife so that the rest of us Nom'ers can see too! *
Looking for more chocolate covered treats?
Check out: Chocolate Coated Pineapple Pops and Homemade Peppermint Patties.
Chocolate Covered Crispy Peanut Butter Bites Ingredients:
For the peanut butter bites: 1 1/2 cups rice cereal (I used brown rice) 1 cup natural unsweetened peanut butter 2 tablespoons coconut sugar 2 tablespoons real maple syrup For the chocolate coating: 8 ounces semi-sweet or dark chocolate 1/2 – 1 tablespoon refined coconut oil Directions: In a large mixing bowl add rice cereal and set aside. In a small microwave safe bowl heat peanut butter to a runny consistency, work in 20 second segments stirring each time. Add coconut sugar and maple syrup to warmed peanut butter and stir to combine. Pour peanut butter mixture over rice cereal and stir until evenly combined, once cool enough to touch feel free to use your hand(s) to help combine. Roll bites into tablespoon sized balls and set on a large parchment paper lined baking sheet . Let set.
In a double boiler gently melt the chocolate and coconut oil. Once chocolate is melted and smooth, using a fork, drop one peanut butter bite into the chocolate. Quickly toss the bite around in the chocolate, and then lightly shake/jiggle off any excess. Set the dipped peanut butter bite back onto the baking sheet where it came from. Repeat with each bite until all have been coated in chocolate. If looking to add crushed peanuts or other toppings to the bites, have these ready and sprinkle lightly on top of freshly dipped bites so that they will adhere to the chocolate.
Once all bites are coated, place the baking sheet in the refrigerator until chocolate has set. When the chocolate has set you can move the bites to an airtight container or begin chowing down. Notes: These little bites are on the sweet and rich site if using sweetened peanut butter and both sweeteners.
His predecessor, Holger Osieck, was sacked only last October so the 48-year-old new coach has had little time to prepare for a draw that pits Australia against defending champions Spain, the Netherlands and Chile. But his approach to change was revealed this week with the announcement long-time national captain Lucas Neill, 36, would not be offered a place in the squad.
(After the Neill decision, Postecoglou said he called Neill directly – the veteran did not take the news overly well.)
Postecoglou has chosen the steakhouse for its convenience to his house in suburban Melbourne. His wife has just had a baby and as his employer, Football Federation Australia, is based in Sydney, Postecoglou had only flown home that morning and wanted to stay close.
As we sit down for our two-hour lunch, he explains how, like many men, his love of his sport was passed down from his father.
In this case, there's a twist.
Vexed issue of assimilation
Postecoglou's family arrived in Melbourne in 1970 as migrants from Greece when Postecoglou was five. “All I wanted to do was fit in," he says as we settle in and prepare for our protein. “So I rejected all the Greek culture . . . and I didn't want people to know I was Greek. I wanted to play Aussie Rules and I remember the hatred Dad had for it and I didn't understand why."
For many immigrants, football was a link to the homeland. For Melbourne's Greek community the team to follow was the South Melbourne club that Postecoglou would later play for and coach with great success in the old National Soccer League.
Advertisement
But the little boy didn't want anything to do with football at first, grappling with the vexed issue of assimilation, as many migrants do, and with his father's dreams.
“But I think now he thought [football] was the best chance of me having links with my heritage. He figured ‘if I can get this kid to love this game and take him to South Melbourne where 90 per cent of his friends are going to be Greek-Australian, then he'll maintain some sort of link'."
Postecoglou laughs as he admits his father's strategy worked: the kid who went to play for a South junior team aged eight, later graduated to captain of the first team and then coached it to two NSL championships.
“I fell in love with the game straight away and there was never any doubt I would get into it. My wife wants to chuck out old football magazines from 1972 or 1973, but I say no. It's fair to say I'm obsessed with the game."
We quickly order, both opting for eye fillet steaks and a glass of pinot noir. The restaurant is quiet: Postecoglou is here to talk football, not necessarily savour the lunch as a culinary experience. Chips only as a side, no need for any greens. And then we're back to the football talk.
Postecoglou comes across as a confident yet firm character. He says he's always willing to tell his players who the boss is, but spends as much time as he can keeping up with current views and events in order to relate to younger players.
“You have to arm yourself with information. These days they come in and ask so many questions. I remember when I was a player, I barely spoke in the dressing room in my first three years."
He transformed the team
Advertisement
He explains what it was like to be picked to play for Australia as a 21-year-old, 16 years after he'd arrived as a migrant. It was “weird", but that was mainly due to him thinking that, as a solid right-back, he was never really good enough to play internationally and therefore his only real goal was to play for South Melbourne.
“But when you're playing I realised ‘wow, I'm playing for my country'. That's what I tell players now. The two things you get asked are ‘did you ever play for your country?' and ‘did you win [any trophies]?' You never get asked your bank balance. It took more significance as I got older but at the time, I was 21 and it was a bit surreal."
After four matches, injuries slowed his progress; his international career was over. He still won two NSL championships in his 193-game career at South.
In those days, NSL players were part-time and Postecoglou started, but never finished, an accounting degree and worked various office jobs at banks to pay the bills. His playing days over in 1993, football still beckoned. “I had no doubt I'd been waiting my whole playing career to coach. That was what I was really passionate about."
But that almost stalled straight away. After being made South Melbourne coach in 1996, a less-than-stellar start had some board members ready to sack Postecoglou. Legend has it the club president was slow to arrive at training one night; the move was delayed.
Success followed as he transformed the team, winning the league twice in four years.
Postecoglou left to coach Australian junior teams in 2000, at a time when the former Soccer Australia was in constant financial straits. “It was a different world – for all intents and purposes the game was ­bankrupt."
Westfield supremo Frank Lowy was appointed president in 2003, sparking huge changes in the game including the establishment of a new governing body, Football Federation Australia, and pushing the country into the fast-growing Asian confederation.
Advertisement
The NSL was disbanded in 2004, cutting old clubs such as South Melbourne out of the elite level. A year later, the A-League began, featuring eight new franchises with no ethnic ties. The change was traumatic for long-time fans and players, with accusations that the ethnically founded teams would never appeal to so-called mainstream Australia.
Determined to be different
“It was clumsily done and [was] saying this is Australian and this is un-Australian. But there is nothing more Australian than going to watch sport," says Postecoglou.
In 2007, his tenure as national youth coach ended, punctuated by a slanging match on live television with SBS pundit Craig Foster over his coaching acumen.
Suddenly, Postecoglou couldn't get a job in Australia. He accepted a job at Greek second-division team Panachaiki, owned by Adelaide billionaire Con Makris, in 2008.
“It was typical Greece, it was mad and chaotic but I loved it." But a year later, Postecoglou came back to a job analysing A-League matches for broadcaster Fox Sports.
It put him back in the spotlight with football authorities and when, in 2009, Frank Farina was sacked as coach of the Brisbane Roar after a drink-driving charge, Postecoglou was named his successor.
As our food arrives, he enthusiastically explains that he was determined to be different, weeding out older players and recruiting others with something to prove, a trait he shared.
Advertisement
The steaks are good, as is the wine, and after a morning of travel, Postecoglou is hungry. But he lingers over his food as he details how he changed things at the Roar.
Entrenched older players were not impressed. How did he deal with the conflict, including veteran Craig Moore delivering a “he goes or I go" ultimatum to management?
“I think it was [ex-Manchester United manager] Sir Alex Ferguson who said in a leadership position you shouldn't initiate confrontation because it will usually come to you. I buy into that. I didn't go out and say to people ‘you have to go'. I went out and changed the culture and environment and they came to me [wanting to leave]."
The results were stunning. The Roar took the A-League by storm in Postecoglou's second season, playing a modern, attractive and up-tempo brand of football to win the championship (and repeated the feat a year later). But Postecoglou moved on to Melbourne Victory, and the following year, Lowy offered him the Socceroos job.
An attack-minded coach
Another overhaul beckons. Postecoglou will take a young squad to Brazil, with most of the stars of 2006 – when the team captured the hearts of the nation, charging into the second round – and 2010 gone. He wants the team to re-engage with the public.
“It was always a team that represented our country in a manner that excited people and I think we lost a bit of that. It had become a bit of a grind."
In essence, he wants to move to a managerial or even ambassadorial role. “We are growing the game. That's the biggest driver . . . If you want to do that, you have to take an interest in what is happening beyond the field."
Advertisement
Ultimately he will be judged on results.
An attack-minded coach, he wants the team to get back to “punching above our weight and be all those things synonymous with what we admire as a sporting nation".
He also wants to keep the players hungry for success. “At the moment I want to keep them uncertain [about their positions] because that's the sort of culture I'm trying to create. I want people to be excited about being in the team; I don't want it to be a given."
Main courses over, we order coffee, and I ask Postecoglou if he likes the fact there is little expectation of the Australian World Cup team, given the tough draw and lack of new players emerging to replace retiring stars such as Neill and Harry Kewell.
“I don't have low expectations," he says firmly. “I see it as an opportunity and [nothing] else than that. I've said to the players I want to be a team that no one wants to play.
“If we go there for damage limitation or I go there to protect myself then it's a missed opportunity . . . it becomes a meaningless exercise. The fans that are going over to watch us don't think that way. They want to be part of something special. And that's the message I want to get across to the players."
After nearly a year as president of CNN, Jeff Zucker has decided to make some changes that go well beyond mere anchor shuffling. In an interview with Capital New York, Zucker explained that the channel, whose initialism stands for Cable News Network, needs more of "an attitude and a take," which means "more shows and fewer newscasts." (As Vulture's Josef Adalian pointed out in November, this should not come as a surprise to anyone who has been keeping an eye on the network, which has been steadily expanding the newly created CNN Films unit.) Zucker told Capital that he hopes to break out of CNN's ratings war with Fox News and MSNBC by attracting people "who are watching places like Discovery and History and Nat Geo and A&E" to his existing audience, which currently consists of people who care about, you know, the news.
While Zucker “initially faced internal resistance” to this strategy, he said it became hard to argue with the successes of non-news CNN offerings, such as edgy chef Anthony Bourdain's Parts Unknown, which is currently the network's top-rated show, and the anti–Sea World documentary Blackfish, a likely Oscar contender. Zucker intends to bring more of those types of projects to CNN's prime-time slots, though he didn't give many specifics. He told Capital, “Honestly, there is not a piece of paper that has the lineup on it right now.” He has also been devoting more resources to CNN's online newsroom, with a focus on “mobile and video” content. “Television is still our bread and butter today, but digital will continue to be more important every day going forward,” he said.
It's too early to predict how Zucker's shift will work out for CNN, but it doesn't sound like the worst idea for a news network that has gained a reputation for sloppy, often oversimplified reporting (and, as of yesterday, allowing reporters to interview their own brothers).
One of the most divisive issues in the web design community has been the use of frameworks. Front-end frameworks are collections of HTML, CSS and JavaScript that make up common patterns and components designers and developers can use to greatly speed up the development of websites.
Some view frameworks as a godsend; necessary tools that allow them to crank out great work faster and more consistently. Others are vehemently against them, alleging they contribute to code bloat, cookie cutter website designs, and overall performance lag.
But whether you are for them or against them, their influence on the modern web is undeniable. Frameworks have, and continue, to push the web forward and improve the experience for everyone.
This month marks the fifth birthday of one of the world's most popular and influential front-end frameworks, ZURB's Foundation. Thousands of the world's biggest and most influential brands have built their brands on it, including Vans, Express, Toms, The Washington Post, National Geographic and more. Known as the ‘world's most advanced front-end framework,' Foundation has shaped the modern web in four major areas:
Responsive Web Design
While it has become the defacto standard for how modern websites are built, certain facets of Responsive Web Design were hard for designers to understand when they were first put forward by Ethan Marcotte in 2010. As the first fully responsive framework, Foundation's flexible and easy to use grid helped thousands of designers and developers learn the concepts of responsive design.
Other major frameworks like Bootstrap followed suit, and more sites began being built responsively. That made it easier to get larger companies to buy into responsive design as a viable option. Responsive web design is now seen as the best solution for our multi-device world, and the number of responsive redesigns and retrofits increases each year.
Mobile First Thinking
After seeing the rapid expansion of internet consumption on mobile devices, famed design and usability expert Luke Wroblewski submitted a new approach to web development he coined “Mobile First.”
By designing for the smallest and most limited screens at the start, designers and developers can ensure the core value of their sites were at the forefront, adding extra detail and functionality as they moved out to larger and more powerful devices. Foundation was the first framework to adopt this approach, and this thinking is now generally accepted as best practice in the industry.
Semantic Code
One of the biggest steps forward for the web in the last five years has been the move towards semantic markup with HTML5, allowing for alignment between what people perceive in a web page and what software like a web crawler or text reader can identify.
Adoption, however, was slow – especially because to take advantage of frameworks, one had to be using tons of structural and non-semantic CSS anyway. Foundation's semantic approach with Sass allowed developers to build truly semantic websites and applications while still taking advantage of all the power of a responsive web framework.
Accessibility
Millions of people around the world face barriers when trying to access content on the web due to a variety of disabilities. In order for them to get the full value out of a website, they rely on them to be designed, developed and edited according to strict accessibility standards.
Just as the industry needed to learn and become comfortable with the concepts of responsive web design, most are still warming up to building with accessibility in mind.
With its version 6 release, the Foundation team worked with some of the world's foremost experts to rewrite every component to meet these standards. Instructions on how to properly use these components were also included to ensure that every website built on Foundation 6 can be enjoyed anywhere, on any device, by anyone.
By making specific technologies, methods, and techniques available to countless designers and developers and lowering the barrier to entry, front-end frameworks like Foundation have influenced the modern web as a whole.
The debate for and against using them continues to rage on, but it's hard to deny just how many frameworks have helped make the web better for everyone.
Thanks, and happy 5th birthday Foundation!
Four people remain in hospital following an attack at the Bridge River Band Office near Lillooet, B.C., yesterday that ended with the death of the suspect.
Two patients remain in critical condition, one is in serious condition and one is dealing with non-life-threatening injuries, according to B.C.'s Interior Health Authority.
Seven victims have already been released from hospital.
Police are investigating the scene of the attack on the Bridge River Band near Lillooet. (CBC)
Lillooet RCMP say the man entered the band office with weapons just before 8:30 a.m. PT Wednesday and assaulted staff. Police have not confirmed any other details about the attack.
According to unconfirmed reports from members of the close-knit community who have spoken to the CBC, the man attacked one person with a hammer, and when others in the office went to help, they were also beaten.
RCMP officers who first arrived at the band office found the suspect restrained, unconscious and unresponsive, and despite performing CPR, the man died.
The coroner has not released the identity of the dead suspect.
British Columbia's independent police watchdog, the Independent Investigations Office of B.C. (IIO), has been called in to investigate the suspect's death.
Time for healing
Bridge River Band Chief Susan James said the community must now find its centre so healing can begin.
Lillooet Bridge River Band Chief Susan James says the community is in shock following the attack that left the suspect dead and 11 people injured. (CBC)
On Wednesday night, band members gathered around a fire, drumming and singing, to prepare for the coroner to remove the suspect's body.
James said band members can't comprehend the motive behind the attack, but are grateful because the tragedy could have been worse.
All the people injured in the incident were longtime employees of the band, she said.
Neighbours of a house under construction in Leslieville say its collapse on Wednesday night is only the latest headache to do with the project.
Around 10:30 p.m., the house at 63 Leslie St., south of Queen, fell apart in the strong winds and was leaning on the home next door.
The City of Toronto said on Thursday the house will be demolished, and those who live in the houses on either side won't be able to return home until an engineer determines it's safe. The process could take three to four days.
“I am a little concerned because I can't even go home now, and the house is fully resting on my house,” Munir, who lives next door, said.
Robert Koci of Canadian Contractor magazine said the house at 63 Leslie didn't appear to have any bracing, which provides lateral support until the bricks are laid.
“It's clearly a sub-trade issue,” he said. “It's either the framers who didn't put in enough bracing or it's the mechanical guys who came in and knocked it out [to do their work] and didn't put it back.”
Koci said (he believes) the large openings for windows and a door at the front and back of the house also contributed to its instability.
Evacuated neighbour frustrated with city. He says he complained to inspector about build concerns in October @CityNews pic.twitter.com/Suz6DDSmqa — Amanda Ferguson (@CityNewsAmanda) March 2, 2017
Munir said the home has been under construction since October and has had issues “since Day 1.”
“When they dug up the ground, they just left everything a mess,” he said. “They overstepped the property line and dug into my property.”
Munir complained to the city and a building inspector started keeping tabs on the property.
The inspector last visited the home on Dec. 9 to inspect the foundation wall. But the wall was not finished and therefore not passed.
“You realize that the city only comes and shows due diligence, but doesn't actually monitor or ensure top notch work is being done consistently,” Munir said.
Munir bought his house in August and renovated it from top to bottom.
“Now, with the home [next door] actually leaning on your house, it's a worry,” he said.
“At the end of the day it's not something you want to deal with.”
Michio Kaku
PHYSICIST, FUTURIST AND BESTSELLING AUTHOR,
TO DISCUSS HIS NEW BOOK, PHYSICS OF THE FUTURE
NYS Writers Institute, February 21, 2012
8:00 p.m. Reading | Ballroom, CampusCenter, Uptown Campus
CALENDAR LISTING:
Michio Kaku, theoretical physicist, influential futurist, bestselling author and media personality, will discuss his most recent book, Physics of the Future: How Science Will Shape Human Destiny and Our Daily Lives by the Year 2100 (2011), on Tuesday, February 21, 2012 at 8:00 p.m. in the Ballroom, Campus Center, on the University at Albany's uptown campus. The event is sponsored by the New York State Writers Institute and UAlbany's College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering, and is free and open to the public.
PROFILE
Michio Kaku, cutting-edge theoretical physicist, cofounder of “string field theory,” bestselling science writer and influential futurist, is the author of the New York Times bestseller, Physics of the Future: How Science Will Shape Human Destiny and Our Daily Lives by the Year 2100 (2011).
Scientific American called the new book, “Epic in its scope and heroic in its inspiration.” The San Francisco Chronicle reviewer called it, “Mind-bending....fascinating,” and said, “Kaku has a gift for explaining incredibly complex concepts… in language the lay reader can grasp.” USA Today said, “[Kaku] has the rare ability to take complicated scientific theories and turn them into readable tales about what our lives will be like in the future.... fun... fascinating. And just a little bit spooky.”
Of particular interest to Capital Region audiences, Kaku devotes a large portion of the book to anticipated developments in nanotechnology. Discussions of that field include programmable matter, nanoscale spaceships, molecular replicators, medical nanosensors, carbon nanotubes and quantum computing.
Other recent bestsellers by Kaku include Physics of the Impossible: A Scientific Exploration into the World of Phasers, Force Fields, Teleportation, and Time Travel (2008), Parallel Worlds: A Journey Through Creation, Higher Dimensions, and the Future of the Cosmos (2004), and Einstein's Cosmos: How Albert Einstein's Vision Transformed Our Understanding of Space and Time (2004).
Physics of the Impossible earned broad attention for its serious investigation of not-yet-invented technologies popularized in sci-fi movies and literature.In a starred review, Publishers Weekly said, “Science and science fiction buffs can easily follow Kaku's explanations as he shows that in the wonderful worlds of science, impossible things are happening every day.” Scientific American said of Einstein's Cosmos, an entertaining explanation for the lay reader of Einstein's most important ideas, “Thanks to Kaku's insight and his flair for explaining dense scientific concepts, this brief book weaves Einstein's life and work into a seamless, hard-to-put-down narrative.”
Michio Kaku serves as Professor of Theoretical Physics at City College and the CUNY Graduate from Center in New York City. A sought-after commentator on many scientific issues—from computing, to space exploration, to the impact of human activity on the weather— Kaku appears frequently on CNN, ABC and the BCC. Recently, he served as host of the Science Channel's weekly series, Physics of the Impossible (2009-10)based on his bestselling book, and as host of the 2010 BBC-TV documentary, Visions of the Future. He also serves as host of the weekly, one-hour radio program Explorations, produced by WBAI in New York.
Vega Squadron adds Mag and Solo
Vega Squadron have announced the addition of Mag and Solo to their roster, although both the players have been playing for the team in the past but this comes as an official website.
Vega Squadron is one of the many Tier Two teams in the CIS region, they haven't accomplished much in terms of qualifications to LANs but they recently finished first in the Hitbox EU Championship just a week ago. The tournament featured a pleathora of mainly online European Teams; Burden United, Balkan Bears Corleone, Power Rangers and 4ASC and they managed to win the whole event with Mag and Solo on the roster.
Andrew 'Mag' Chipenko was the hard laner for Virtus Pro Polar untill March this year but he was removed from the team when the organisation decided to mergre Virtus Pro and Polar. Alexey 'SoloLineAbuse' Berezin is a former Team Empire player, he's played both Support and Mid roles before but he's currently playing position four for the team.
The team is currently playing in the joinDota MLG Pro League #2 and Yard Fest Episode 1 as well, they have a match against the Ninjas in Pyjamas at 19:00 CET. This teems look promising and might make a run during the upcoming TI5 Qualifiers.
Yesterday I was in a bar in a British university city. Craft beers, food not served on plates, wonkily-typeset menus with obsessive levels of detail about the coffee beans they use, you know the sort of place. (That bar is no doubt currently telling a friend “Beard, waistcoat, Mary McCarthy novel in the pocket of a thrift-store tweed jacket, you know the sort of customer…”) It was early evening and quiet, which meant I could hear the conversations going on at the bar, instead of the background hum I'd been hoping for. A young woman came in and was greeted with enthusiasm by the barman.
“Hey! You're wearing the same jacket you had on this morning!” She looked slightly surprised and he continued “You walked past the window this morning like you always do, and I was going to run after you down the street and say how good that jacket is. You look good in it!” She thanked him and made some comment about the Spring weather, then asked for a coffee to go. As he made it she asked about the beans (clearly the menu hadn't satisfied her thirst for knowledge) and then paid and left.
“People are funny,” the barman declared to a friend sitting nearby, “That girl has been coming in here for months, and she never really opens up or has a proper conversation. I don't know why people aren't friendly.”
A fairly commonplace exchange, but later it made me think about the ways in which that conversation might have sounded different to men and women. To me it just seemed a slightly ineffective attempt by the barman to claim her as a regular at the bar, and a bid to while away his time chatting to customers. He probably thought he was making her feel at home; the “Cheers” touch, where everybody knows your name or at least your coffee order, etc.
But I think it also reveals a certain amount about how men feel entitled to women's attention, and how they feel it's appropriate to express that. First of all, I'd risk a small wager that if I had been the regular coffee-orderer, my lack of eagerness to chat wouldn't have prompted a complaint. Men don't tend to feel I owe them conversation as part of a general “people are friendly” attitude to life; or if they do, I don't know about it because they don't feel entitled to express grievance if I don't chat to them. I strongly suspect that women, particularly young women, are expected to shoulder the burden of keeping the world “friendly” by talking to men they don't know.
It's also telling that the neutral subject he picked on to open a conversation was her physical appearance. Not the weather, or the game tomorrow, but what she was wearing. There's a remarkable touch of entitlement in assuming that a woman's clothing and whether you think she looks good is a casual fact to be remarked upon. It's a reminder that women in our culture are assumed to be on show when going about their daily lives, that they are there to be looked at and remarked upon. To use a bit of critical jargon, his opening gambit asserted the male gaze, setting her up as an object to be scrutinised and evaluated even as he claimed to be addressing her as a speaking subject.
More than that, the way in which he expressed his interest in talking to her might well have rung alarm bells, if only momentarily. “You're wearing the same jacket you had on this morning!” was no doubt intended to convey “We already know each other, and we're part of the same neighbourhood, so you should feel comfortable chatting with me!” But it could very easily be heard as “I've been watching you.” There doesn't need to be any unpleasant incident in her past to make a woman tense at those words, but enough women have had distressing experiences with men stalking them to make it a thoughtless opening comment. Especially as he went on to refer to the fact that earlier he saw her whilst she didn't see him, and added that he knows part of her route to work and her morning routine.
This probably sounds, particularly to some of my male readers, as if I'm putting the most sinister interpretation possible on those words. But it's worth pausing to think about why it's even possible to read (or twist) his friendly opening remarks as the statement of a potential stalker. He didn't mean them that way, but telling a woman that you were watching her earlier, and thought about chasing after her, could easily sound a bit threatening. They can sound both innocuous to the speaker and momentarily sinister to the listener because our culture continually blurs the lines between romance and male abuse.
How many romantic films and books involve a man pursuing a woman after he's been turned down? How often is obsession and the desire to possess presented as evidence of true love? Heathcliff and Edward Cullen are only the extreme examples of an entire cultural attitude. Men spying on women and refusing to take no for an answer is part of the language of romantic love that our society endorses. The line between “charming” and “stalker” is difficult for women to discern because our culture seems to spend a lot of energy denying it exists. (And insisting that women are unfriendly, or worse, if they don't put the most generous interpretation on a man's actions and gestures…until he does something appalling and then they shouldn't have encouraged him.)
As I say, I no doubt sound as if I'm entirely twisting this guy's words, and holding up his innocent attempt at friendliness as a terrible crime. But my point is that this wasn't an overtly unpleasant or threatening exchange, and that it didn't need to be in order to make the young woman feel uncomfortable. It was just an everyday moment in which a man felt entitled to a woman's attention, started a conversation by telling her about what she was wearing on her way to work, and then complained to his friend when she didn't want to chat. His very lack of malign intent is part of the problem: he didn't need to be a bad guy in order to treat her in a sexist way or to sound vaguely like a stalker. As men, we need to be aware that we're living in a sexist society, in which women legitimately feel uncomfortable in what seem to us innocuous situations. And we need to recognise it as a problem with us, not with them.
Advertisements
Photos: The Republican National Convention Donald Trump, the Republican Party's presidential nominee, delivers a speech Thursday at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. "I have had a truly great life in business," he said. "But now, my sole and exclusive mission is to go to work for our country -- to go to work for you. It's time to deliver a victory for the American people." Hide Caption 1 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Trump is seen on screen as balloons fall from the ceiling of Quicken Loans Arena. Hide Caption 2 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Trump's family joins him on stage along with the family of his running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence. Hide Caption 3 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Confetti falls at the end of Trump's acceptance speech. Hide Caption 4 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Trump and Pence acknowledge the audience after Trump's speech. Hide Caption 5 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Trump claps on stage with his wife, Melania. Hide Caption 6 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention The Trumps embrace on stage. Hide Caption 7 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Trump hugs his son Barron after his address, which lasted well over an hour. Hide Caption 8 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Trump, like many of the convention's speakers this week, went after Hillary Clinton, the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee. "Big business, elite media and major donors are lining up behind the campaign of my opponent because they know she will keep our rigged system in place," he said. "They are throwing money at her because they have total control over everything she does. She is their puppet, and they pull the strings." Hide Caption 9 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Trump delivers his speech. Hide Caption 10 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Trump said the United States will be a nation of "generosity and warmth" and "law and order." Hide Caption 11 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention A delegate listens to Trump's speech. Hide Caption 12 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention "Nobody knows the system better than me, which is why I alone can fix it," Trump said. "My message is that things have to change -- and they have to change right now." Hide Caption 13 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Trump accepts the party's nomination as he begins his speech. Hide Caption 14 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Trump's daughter Ivanka takes the stage Thursday before giving a speech introducing her father. Hide Caption 15 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention "This is the moment, and Donald Trump is the person to make America great again!" Ivanka Trump said to a big cheer. She called her father a fighter, saying now he will "fight for his country." Hide Caption 16 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Peter Thiel, co-founder of PayPal, became the first openly gay person to speak the Republican National Convention. "I am proud to be gay," he told the crowd Thursday. "I am proud to be a Republican. But most of all I am proud to be an American." Hide Caption 17 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Reince Priebus, chairman of the Republican National Committee, delivers a speech on Thursday. "We are the party of new ideas in a changing and faster world than ever before," he said. Hide Caption 18 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Legendary basketball coach Bob Knight delivers a video message to the crowd at Quicken Loans Arena. Hide Caption 19 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Motivational speaker Brock Mealer was among those who spoke on Thursday. Hide Caption 20 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention A delegate dressed as Hillary Clinton is accosted by another delegate on Thursday. Hide Caption 21 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Delegates stand for the national anthem Thursday. Hide Caption 22 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Young singer Heavenly Joy performs. Hide Caption 23 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Trump gives a thumbs-up Wednesday after Pence gave his speech. Hide Caption 24 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Trump gives an "air kiss" to Pence after Pence's speech. Hide Caption 25 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Pence receives a kiss from his mother, Nancy, as his family joins him on stage after his speech. Hide Caption 26 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Pence acknowledges the crowd as he walks on stage to deliver his speech. Hide Caption 27 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention "I'm a Christian, a conservative and a Republican, in that order," Pence told the crowd. Hide Caption 28 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich delivers a speech on Wednesday. Hide Caption 29 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Trump smiles on the floor of the convention on Wednesday. Hide Caption 30 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Eric Trump, one of Donald Trump's sons, walks on stage to deliver a speech Wednesday. Hide Caption 31 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Trump listens to his son's speech along with other members of his family on Wednesday. Hide Caption 32 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Delegates shout on the floor of the arena on Wednesday. Hide Caption 33 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz, Trump's main adversary in the primaries, was booed at the end of his speech when it was clear he wasn't endorsing Trump. Cruz told people to "vote your conscience." Hide Caption 34 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention People react to Cruz's speech. Hide Caption 35 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Cruz gives a thumbs-up as he walks off stage. Hide Caption 36 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio, another one of Trump's primary opponents, delivers a video message. Hide Caption 37 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention A delegate checks his phone at the arena. Hide Caption 38 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker delivers a speech Wednesday. "A vote for anyone other than Donald Trump in November is a vote for Hillary Clinton," the former presidential candidate said. Hide Caption 39 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Delegates hold up signs Wednesday. Hide Caption 40 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Retired astronaut Eileen Collins waves to the crowd before delivering a speech Wednesday. Hide Caption 41 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Trump addresses the crowd on Tuesday. "We're going to make America great again," he said in a video message shortly after winning the nomination. "Have a fantastic evening. I'll see you tomorrow night, I'll see you Thursday night, and we will win in November." Hide Caption 42 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Ben Carson, a retired neurosurgeon and former presidential candidate, speaks on stage Tuesday. He said Trump skeptics who would vote for Hillary Clinton are "not using their God-given brain to think about what they're saying. ... She'll be appointing people who will have an effect on us for generations. And America may never recover." Hide Caption 43 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention A member of the activist group Code Pink protests inside the arena during Carson's speech. Hide Caption 44 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Donald Trump Jr. delivers a speech Tuesday. "We need to elect a man who has a track record of accomplishing the impossible," he said of his father. Hide Caption 45 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Members of the Trump family watch as Donald Trump Jr. gives his speech. Hide Caption 46 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Donald Trump's daughter Tiffany addresses the crowd at Quicken Loans Arena. "Whatever (my father) does, he gives it all and does it well," she said on Tuesday. "His desire for excellence is contagious. He possesses a unique gift for bringing that out in others." Hide Caption 47 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention U.S. Sen. Joni Ernst waves as she stands with other first-term senators on Tuesday. Hide Caption 48 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie delivers a speech that was heavily critical of the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee. "It is our obligation to stop Hillary Clinton now and never let her within 10 miles of the White House again," Christie said of the former secretary of state. "It is time to come together and make sure that Donald Trump is our next President. I am proud to be part of this team. Now let's go win this thing." Hide Caption 49 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Delegates fill the floor of the arena on Tuesday. Hide Caption 50 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Four of Donald Trump's children -- from left, Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump, Eric Trump and Tiffany Trump -- celebrate on the floor of the convention, where Donald Trump Jr. announced the New York delegates that clinched the nomination for his father. Hide Caption 51 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention A delegate shows support for Donald Trump's wife, Melania, on Tuesday. Hide Caption 52 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention A delegate whistles as roll call votes are cast on Tuesday. Hide Caption 53 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Delegates take a photo with Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant, center, on Tuesday. Hide Caption 54 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention A Florida delegate holds a "Hillary for prison" sign on the floor of the arena. Hide Caption 55 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention A convention attendee wears American-themed shoes on Tuesday. Hide Caption 56 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention House Speaker Paul Ryan bangs the gavel to open the second day of the convention on Tuesday. Hide Caption 57 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Melania Trump kisses her husband, Donald, after she spoke Monday on the first day of the convention. "If you want someone to fight for you and your country, I can assure you, he's the guy," she said of her husband. "He will never, ever give up. And most importantly, he will never, ever let you down." Hide Caption 58 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Donald Trump walks to his wife after she delivered her speech. Hide Caption 59 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Melania Trump claps during her speech. Hide Caption 60 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Donald Trump comes out to the song "We Are the Champions" before introducing his wife. Hide Caption 61 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani delivered a fiery speech before Melania Trump. Among his topics was the fight against terrorists. "We know who you are, and we're coming to get you!" he said. Hide Caption 62 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention A protester flashes a peace sign on the floor of the convention on Monday. Hide Caption 63 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. salutes the crowd before speaking Monday. He got huge applause when he started off his speech by saying, "Blue lives matter!" Hide Caption 64 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Patricia Smith, mother of Benghazi victim Sean Smith, told the crowd in Cleveland, "I blame Hillary Clinton personally." Clinton, the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee, was secretary of state when the attack occurred in Libya in 2012. Hide Caption 65 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention President Barack Obama is seen on a screen as Smith leaves the stage Monday. Hide Caption 66 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Marcus Luttrell, a former Navy SEAL who was awarded the Navy Cross for his service in Afghanistan, spoke about the need for an elite military. The convention's theme for Monday was "Make America Safe Again." Hide Caption 67 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Actor Scott Baio gives two thumbs up during his speech on Monday. "Let's not just make America great again," he said, referring to Trump's campaign slogan. "Let's make America America again!" Hide Caption 68 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Willie Robertson, star of the hit TV show "Duck Dynasty," promised the crowd that Trump "will have your back." Hide Caption 69 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Former U.S. Sen. Bob Dole, the GOP's presidential nominee in 1996, waves after listening to a speech on Monday. Hide Caption 70 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Marlana VanHoose performs the national anthem prior to Monday's evening session. Hide Caption 71 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Former Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli, center, was among the delegates shouting for a roll call vote Monday on the rules of the Republican National Convention. GOP officials dismissed the move, saying there were not enough signatures to force a roll call vote. While it's unlikely a roll call vote would have rejected the rules package, it could have been an embarrassing protest vote against Trump and the Republican National Committee. Hide Caption 72 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Virginia delegate Waverly Woods protests on the floor of the convention. Hide Caption 73 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Delegates from Texas protest. Hide Caption 74 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Reince Priebus, chairman of the Republican National Committee, bangs a gavel as resolutions are adopted at the start of the convention. Hide Caption 75 of 77
Photos: The Republican National Convention Delegates stand and turn toward the camera for an official photo on Monday. Hide Caption 76 of 77
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There is no paradise awaiting young “thrill seekers” lured to fight with Islamic State in the Middle East, warns a leading criminoligist.
Imran Awan, of Birmingham City University, has called on Muslim men to ignore the lure of jihad.
A high proportion of the 700 British citizens who have left for the war-ravaged region are from the West Midlands, Mr Awan said.
While some receive favourable treatment, many are traumatised by the group's brutality and gruesome crimes committed such as beheadings.
The senior lecturer in criminology told the Birmingham Mail: “Young people are going to Syria because they're seeking a sense of identity and belonging. I'd call them thrill seekers.
“They're going for an external reward and thinking that they'll get some kind of paradise when they get there.
(Image: TIM STEWART NEWS LIMITED)
"Many of them may be leading mundane and ordinary lives and they're looking for an adrenaline rush.
"ISIS portrays a very cool image of extremism and it's tapping in to young impressionable people.”
Mr Awan is conducting research into how Islamic State recruits young Muslims in the West Midlands.
He said: “Some of them do get quite favourable treatment, they get allowances, medical care and stuff like that.
"The others see the reality of dead bodies and they see a hyper-global insurgency and a war, and for some of them it's very difficult to come back to the UK because of legislation and citizenship and passports being removed.
“Some of them have sent out podcasts from there, believe it or not, and said they want to come back but are too afraid to.”
Brutal: ISIS Beheading of Christian Ethiopians
ISIS Beheading of Christian Ethiopians
The warning follows the conviction of 20-year-old Zakariya Ashiq, who was this week found guilty of two counts of preparing acts of terrorism in his attempt to join Islamic State.
Ashiq, from Coventry, was jailed for six years after being arrested at Heathrow Airport in November having failed to cross into Syria from Jordan.
Another high-profile case is that of Junaid Hussain, a Birmingham hacker who has joined Islamic State, and is the main suspect in a cyberattack on the US military's central command.
Hussain, 21, who escaped to Syria two years ago while on police bail, is alleged to be the terror organisation's most accomplished computer expert.
The jihadi, from Kings Heath, has tweeted using the alias Abu Hussain al-Britani.
(Image: BPM)
Earlier this year, police revealed that at least 22 young women and girls as young as 15 have travelled to join Islamic State in Syria in the last 12 months.
Overall 700 people are thought to have left for jihadi groups in the region and while no firm figures exist dozens are thought to be from the West Midlands based on court cases and known individuals in the region.
Mr Awan believes the figures are unlikely to drop off despite the barbaric actions of Islamic State, which are countered by its own online propaganda.
He said: “It's fine to some extent to arrest and detain people when they come back but that doesn't deal with the root causes of the problem.
“We need to ask why they are going out there in the first place and how we can prevent the problem.
(Image: Getty)
“Communities need to work much more closely with the police and if they are spotting signs, such as parents spotting signs in their children, they need to report it.
“The other way is to look at the root causes.
"ISIS are flooding the internet with their propaganda and our counter-narrative is very weak, their messages are high up in the search listings.
“There also seem to be a lot of young people who feel marginalised for whatever reason.
"Unless we address this now in the next five, 10 years it will be even worse.
"If ISIS are defeated it won't solve the problem, there will be splinter groups jumping on the bandwagon.”
Exclusive
Though Apple has used the month of September to introduce new iPhones for four straight years, that could change in 2016 with an earlier than expected debut for the "iPhone 7," a source has told AppleInsider.
Launching an "iPhone 7" earlier than expected could calm concerns that iPhone 6s demand might wane at the end of its product cycle.
Since the iPhone 5 launched on Sept. 21, 2012, all proceeding iPhone models have launched around that same late-September period. Most recently, the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus arrived in the hands of consumers on Sept. 25.But that pattern could end next year with an earlier launch, a reliable source told AppleInsider on Wednesday. The same person has, in the past, provided accurate information about the Apple's future product plans.Exactly how early it might launch, however, remains unknown. Up until the iPhone 4s in 2011, the first four generations of iPhone upgrades launched in the summer, in the months of June and July.The lone outlier from those launch windows was the iPhone 4s, which became available in October.Though plans can change as a product makes its way to market, Apple is apparently hoping to complete the development cycle of its "iPhone 7" faster than in previous years. It's expected that the next-generation handset will feature a completely new external design, as the company has traditionally done with new model numbers.This year's iPhone 6s upgrade features largely the same external design as the iPhone 6. That has prompted concerns among investors that demand for the iPhone 6s could wane, particularly toward the tail end of the product cycle, as consumers await a new-look "iPhone 7" next year.Launching the "iPhone 7" in an earlier window of 2016 would be one way for Apple to address those concerns, and to help avoid a potential year-over-year decrease in sales as the iPhone 6s product cycle winds down.Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, another reliable insider on Apple's future product plans, said on Tuesday that Apple also plans to begin mass production of a revamped 4-inch iPhone sometime in the first half of 2016. That suggests Apple is planning to launch three new iPhones in 2016, joining an "iPhone 7" and "iPhone 7 Plus."According to Kuo, the "iPhone 7" series is currently scheduled to begin production a little later, in the third quarter of calendar 2016. That would place manufacturing anywhere from July to September, according to his sources.Kuo also said that Apple is expected to bump up the RAM in the "iPhone 7 Plus" to 3 gigabytes, an increase from the 2 gigabytes of RAM found in the iPhone 6s series, and three times that of the 1 gigabyte in the iPhone 6 lineup. He believes the 3-gigabyte boost will be exclusive to the larger 5.5-inch Plus variant, with the smaller 4.7-inch "iPhone 7" staying at 2 gigabytes in its "A10" processor.
SEOUL, Sept. 7 (Korea Bizwire) — A book-themed village, a community built around the culture of reading books, is set to be built in Seoul, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced.
According to the plans revealed on Wednesday, the book-reading community will be built over 1,625 square meters of land in Jungnang District in northwestern Seoul by the end of next year.
“Though we have built apartment buildings catering to special groups such as actors and elderly people, this will be the first community with other facilities in mind in addition to housing blocks,” a Seoul government official said.
A total of six apartment buildings and one additional building for marginalized members of society as well as a library are scheduled to be built to accommodate up to 40 households consisting of one to four members.
In addition, the Seoul government will hold an event this Friday and Saturday for city residents to share ideas f0r city planning projects in the future.
For more information, visit the official website or dial 02-2133-7706.
M.H.Lee (mhlee@koreabizwire.com)
AT&T kicked off their Street Charge program today, opening solar-powered public charging stations across New York's five boroughs. The Street Charge program grew out of the aftermath Hurricane Sandy, which devastated a huge chunk of the East Coast last fall. Many New Yorkers were left without power, and when their smartphones died, they had no way to contact loved ones.
The Street Charge stations have a variety of connectors to accommodate most smartphones, including USB, Micro USB, 30-pin, and lightning connectors. They draw power from solar panels at the base of the kiosk and store it in lithium batteries at the top, continuing to deliver power throughout the night. Goal Zero, a leading provider of creative solar power solutions, worked with AT&T to develop the design.
Power efficient processors like the Qualcomm Snapdragon have led the charge in extending battery life, but batteries still have physical limits. For travelers especially, public charging stations will be essential for staying connected.
According to AT&T's press release, the power is free to the public as part of an effort to “keep New Yorkers connected.” This isn't the first time AT&T has forged a path on behalf of smartphone users. In NYC, they were one of the first companies to provide cellular service on subway platforms, and they also provide free WiFi at more than two dozen public parks in the region.
Right now there are four pilot locations strategically placed in heavily populated areas like Union Square and Coney Island. AT&T plans to have 25 locations up and running by the end of the summer.
This story, "AT&T's Street Charge Provides Free Power For Your Smartphone" was originally published by BrandPost .
March 1, 2016
Alec Vorhoff (left) and Jake Butt at Signing of the Stars
By Steve Kornacki
ANN ARBOR, Mich. -- University of Michigan tight end Jake Butt will be a senior next season, and he's become a mentor to Zach Gentry, Sean McKeon, Ian Bunting and Alec Vorhoff.
Butt, who along with the rest of the football team had the first of four spring practices in Bradenton, Florida, on Monday (Feb. 29), said "the sky's the limit for" Gentry and added that Bunting is "going to be a beast" in 2016.
Alec is only 12, and he's not a Wolverines tight end. But he was a two-way lineman on a championship junior football team in Ann Arbor, and he has become very "special" to Butt ever since they hung out for the Feb. 3 "Signing of the Stars" on campus at Hill Auditorium.
"Alec said I was his favorite player," said Butt, "and so when I was asked to host him, I said, 'Wow, absolutely.' You have such a platform and ability to influence and touch so many lives. It's Michigan football. The first time I ever met him, though, was when they asked some of us to go congratulate the football team he was on for their championship season at their banquet. I talked to the team, posed for pictures and signed autographs.
"Then, Andrew David, our kicker, was visiting Mott (Children's Hospital) and met Alec. He asked me to sign a hat for him. Then I saw him at 'Signing of the Stars,' and that was special, special for me. The kid is 12 years old, a special kid, and I can't imagine going through what he's going through with a smile on his face."
Alec, whose father is deceased, has a brain tumor.
"He was so excited to meet our current players and (former) players like Jake Ryan, Devin Gardner and Denard Robinson. And then we watched the show, which was amazing. He liked getting away from things for a while, and we were just two buddies there. He was so special that I said, 'Hmm, the Super Bowl is next week. Do you want to watch the Super Bowl together?' We watched it at his house in Ann Arbor with his mother, Heather, and a few other people.
"He loves to play Madden (football video game) and I love to play Madden. I went back later in the week and we played some Madden together. Then we texted a bit and got together again. I've got a good friend now. It just seems like our friendship is meant to be. It meant so much to me that he would let me become a part of his life."
Butt remembered being "star-struck" by college and high school players while growing up in a suburb of Columbus, Ohio, and added that "it made my day" to meet them.
"I'm so blessed to be in the position I'm in and go to this school, play on this team and be coached by this coaching staff," said Butt. "So, any time I can give back, I do. If you can touch somebody's life, why not give back? I want to be an older guy who Alec can look up to."
He scrolled through the photos on his phone to show one of him dabbing with Alec at "Signing of the Stars" and chuckled.
Butt is everything you would want as a student-athlete both off and on the field.
He was a first-team All-American last season, catching 51 passes for 654 yards and five touchdowns to spark a 10-3 team. He also was selected the Kwalick-Clark Tight End of the Year by the Big Ten as well as all-conference first team.
Butt has accomplished much since enrolling at Michigan in January 2013, about two months after playing his last football game at Pickerington (Ohio) North.
"I was a skinny kid at 209 pounds," said Butt, now 6-foot-6, 248 pounds. "In spring ball I got up to 230 and had no idea of what I was doing. I played receiver in high school, and it's a tough transition. A.J. Williams and Funch (Devin Funchess) took me under their wings."
"My very first rep in padded practice, we had this 'Michigan Drill,' where you just line up and hit somebody as hard as you can. I go against (current Seattle Seahawk) Frank Clark, and he knocked me back three yards. I said, 'Okay, I better put some weight on.' But that paid dividends. I wouldn't have played that year if I hadn't come in early."
He also credited Kevin Koger, a tight end and team captain who had just completed his career when Butt arrived, and former tight ends coach Dan Ferrigno with helping show him the ropes.
"I've been doing this for a while now and I can really help these guys out," said Butt. "We've got so much talent in that (tight end) room and it's such a close room. I'm excited. We really embrace this idea of family. We're all here pushing each other to make each other better.
"I want everyone in that room to succeed as much as I want to succeed myself. Ian's doing a great job of helping these guys out, too. It trickles down from Coach Jay (Harbaugh), who has to be one of the best tight end coaches in the country. It's unbelievable what he's done for my game and everyone else's game."
He said McKeon is going to be "thrown into the fire of these four-hour practices" and is helping the early enrollee from the Class of 2016 with route running and his overall game.
"When they install all this stuff for you as a freshman it becomes 'mush brain,' as we call it," said Butt. "So I'm trying to help him turn that 'mush' into something valuable he can use."
Gentry, a four-star quarterback from Albuquerque, New Mexico, who didn't play as a freshman, converted to tight end during Citrus Bowl practices.
"This time is going to be huge for Zach Gentry's transition," said Butt of the spring practices. "He's so talented as it is; he's an athletic freak. And the best thing for him to learn tight end is to go out there now and play tight end.
"As a quarterback, you've got to be a leader, and this is such an unselfish move. He trained and dreamed his whole life to be a quarterback, but Zach is going to be an animal at tight end. I told him Coach (Jim) Harbaugh and Jay Harbaugh aren't going to do anything unless they think it's the best move for you. He's one of the tallest guys (6-7, 250 pounds) on the team and also one of the fastest guys in the (tight end) room. He's getting bigger and the sky's the limit for him."
Gentry impressed Butt by telling him, "Jake, I just want to absorb everything you do like a sponge."
Bunting, 6-7 and 243 pounds, showed his ability last season with five catches for 72 yards and some quality blocks.
"Ian's getting bigger, stronger and faster," said Butt. "I'm excited for what he's going to do this year. He's huge and long-armed. I wish I had long arms like him. He's going to be a beast and is a do-it-right kind of guy, looking for an edge. He eats clean, works hard, watches film."
Butt liked the idea of having spring practice begin during the week of spring break.
"There was a lot of controversy about it," said Butt. "But nobody looked at the other perspective. That first week of spring ball is brutal. You're sore, and it's hard to get your school work done. But we're going to knock out all that soreness, get in four practices, and we don't have to worry about classes. And we'll be in Florida, where there's a beach that we're going to be able to go to. It's team bonding.
"I think this is a great thing. More teams should try it. Normally, our first week of spring practice would've been (last) week, when I had exams and a ton of Spanish work to do. I had a six-page paper due."
The Wolverines were able to focus on academics before going to Florida and can now center their attention on football and fun this week.
Butt will be mentoring the young tight ends there and staying in touch with Alec as well. He's a leader in every way.
 Spring Football Central
Wall Street. (Mark Lennihan/Associated Press)
McKinsey has a new study out on an important topic: whether corporations systematically take too short a view and do not invest enough for the long term. If true — as many chief executives believe — this is a serious indictment of current corporate governance arrangements and has important policy implications. To take one close to my heart, if short termism causes under investment, it will be a cause of secular stagnation.
I am not sure what to believe in this area. On the one hand, many anecdotes suggest that pressures to manage earnings hold back investment. And the short termism view is very widely believed.
On the other hand, some of what is done in the name of long term may be unmonitored waste. The observation that many “unicorn” companies with no profits, and sometimes no revenue or even fully developed products, get valued so highly makes me skeptical of the idea that the capital market is systematically myopic. It is also the case that the companies generating the highest immediate cash flows — which should be overvalued on the myopia theory — historically have had the highest stock market returns, implying undervaluation rather than overvaluation.
I was therefore excited to see that McKinsey had a new empirical study that provides evidence in favor of the view that corporations should take longer views. They have a reasonable methodology. They divide their sample between companies that take a long-term view and those that do not and then compare their performance. They find that companies that take a long-term view perform better on many metrics such as employment growth and shareholder return.
Their findings deserve much discussion, debate and attempts at replication. At this point, though, I would give a Scottish verdict of “not proven” to their case. They may be right, but I do not think they have provided evidence that would convince anyone other than a prior believer.
Consider an analogy. It is doubtless the case that golfers with long swings such as Phil Mickelson hit the ball farther and more accurately than golfers with short swings like myself. An index of swing length would be highly correlated with almost any measure of golf performance. Does this mean I should lengthen my swing? I doubt it. Those with more flexibility and coordination are able to take and control longer swings and play golf better. If I were to try to swing like Mickelson, I would mishit the ball and maybe break my back.
Some companies have great ideas, great management teams and compelling strategies. They invest heavily, seek to grow revenue, ignore the management of earnings and do limited stock buybacks. These are the criteria McKinsey uses to measure long termism. Others lack vision and have mediocre management. They invest less, cut costs more, manage earnings and buy back stock. McKinsey deems them short-term focused.
It's no surprise that the long-term companies outperform the short-term companies. But this may be because of their vision and execution capacity, not their long-term focus. Mediocre companies seeking to imitate them will be like me trying to imitate Mickelson — painful failures. I do not see any basis in the McKinsey results for saying that companies should extend their horizons.
McKinsey tries to address this issue by doing comparisons within industries. But everything we know suggests that there are substantial differences in company quality within industries as well as across industries.
Again, it may be that the long-termism hypothesis is right, and there may be ways of teasing causality out of the very interesting data set that McKinsey has created. But at this point, I think the issue is still unresolved.
Lawrence H. Summers, the Charles W. Eliot university professor at Harvard, is a former Treasury secretary and director of the National Economic Council in the White House. He writes occasional posts on Wonkblog about national and international economics and policymaking.
Today on MSNBC's "Daily Rundown," RNC Chairman Michael Steele dismissed today's bipartisan health care summit as a "dog and pony show." The beleaguered chairman added that if President Obama was serious about working across the aisle, he should have started off the reform process with a bipartisan event last year. But, as hosts Chuck Todd and Savannah Guthrie quickly pointed out, Obama actually did hold a bipartisan summit last March:
STEELE: This whole dog and pony show that we're about to witness today is something that should have taken place a year ago, when the administration first came in last February and laid out its agenda for health care. This is how you should have started it - bipartisan, public forum, CSPAN, your cameras rolling to capture this and to capture, most importantly, what the American people want. And right now, they want us to start over, and I think we should.
TODD: Chairman Steele, in fairness to them, I mean, it was a year ago that they actually had a summit.
GUTHRIE: On March 5th.
TODD: And it wasn't just the legislative leaders. They brought in folks from the industry as well. And that one was televised. So...does that one not count? I'm just curious.
STEELE: Well, apparently it didn't. Because we don't have health care.
In 1977, the US Department of Interior's Fish and Wildlife Service published a fascinating document asking what the government would do if Bigfoot or something like the Loch Ness Monster were to be found? The paper goes on to explain the laws and regulations in place to deal with such a discovery, and also mentions 20th century discoveries like the Komodo dragon and cryptozoology's darling, the coelacanth. From the document:
Finding a Loch Ness monster or Bigfoot is still a possibility, and the discovery would be one of the most important in modern history. As items of scientific and public interest they would surely command more attention than the moon rocks. Millions of curiosity seekers”and thou- sands of zoologists and anthropologists throughout the world would be eager to “get at” the creatures to examine, protect, capture, or just look at them....
Under U.S. Law, the Secretary of the Interior is empowered to list as threatened or endangered a species for 120 days on an emergency basis. For endangered species in the United States, the Secretary can also desig- nate habitat that is critical to their survival. No Federal agency could then authorize, fund, or carry out any activities which would adversely modify that habitat.
So long-term Federal protection of Nessie or Bigfoot would basically be a matter of following the same regulatory mechanisms already used in protecting whooping cranes and tigers.
“Under normal situations,” said Keith Schreiner, then Associate Director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. “we must know a great deal about a species before we list it. How big is the population? Does it occur anywhere else? Is the population in danger of decline? Is its habitat secure? Is the species being exploited? What is its reproductive rate? Obviously, if a Bigfoot really were found we could use emergency provisions of the Act to protect it immediately. But for the record, I seriously doubt whether such a creature really does exist.”
The name David Jacobs might not initially ring many bells. He's the convicted steroids dealer from Plano, Texas, who was sharing information with the NFL regarding steroids users until he committed suicide.
By shooting himself.
Twice.
The Dallas Morning News reports that, before Jacobs died, he told the News that he was Mike Vick's steroids supplier during Vick's tenure with the Falcons.
Jacobs' death occurred while Vick was serving time in Kansas for dogfighting and gambling.
The News squatted on this information because authorities declined to confirm that Vick was part of the investigation. But the News has now opted to publish the allegation based on recently-released documents from the DEA connecting Vick to steroids.
The evidence comes from the Falcons' 2006 Christmas party. Per the News, details that were supplied by an informant to the DEA “are similar” to the things Jacobs told the News before he died.
The league at one point expressed an intention to suspend linebacker Ryan Fowler for four games based on information provided by Jacobs before his death. Fowler appealed, and the case has since been dormant. The News reports that Fowler's attorney has heard nothing, and that he assumes the matter is closed.
This likely means that the NFL will be taking no action against any of the players whom Jacobs fingered, probably because it would be difficult if not impossible to make the charges stick on appeal without testimony from Jacobs.
So it's a shame he shot himself.
Twice.
New connections between brain cells emerge in clusters in the brain as animals learn to perform a new task, according to a study published in Nature on February 19 (advance online publication). Led by researchers at the University of California, Santa Cruz, the study reveals details of how brain circuits are rewired during the formation of new motor memories.
The researchers studied mice as they learned new behaviors, such as reaching through a slot to get a seed. They observed changes in the motor cortex, the brain layer that controls muscle movements, during the learning process. Specifically, they followed the growth of new "dendritic spines," structures that form the connections (synapses) between nerve cells.
"For the first time we are able to observe the spatial distribution of new synapses related to the encoding of memory," said Yi Zuo, assistant professor of molecular, cell and developmental biology at UC Santa Cruz and corresponding author of the paper.
In a previous study, Zuo and others documented the rapid growth of new dendritic spines on pyramidal neurons in the motor cortex during the learning process. These spines form synapses where the pyramidal neurons receive input from other brain regions involved in motor memories and muscle movements. In the new study, first author Min Fu, a postdoctoral researcher in Zuo's lab, analyzed the spatial distribution of the newly formed synapses.
Initial results of the spatial analysis showed that one third of the newly formed synapses were located next to another new synapse. These clustered synapses tended to form over the course of a few days during the learning period, when the mouse was repeatedly performing the new behavior. Compared to non-clustered counterparts, the clustered synapses were more likely to persist through the learning sessions and after training stopped.
In addition, the researchers found that after formation of the second spine in a cluster, the first spine grew larger. The size of the spine head correlates with the strength of the synapse. "We found that formation of a second connection is correlated with a strengthening of the first connection, which suggests that they are likely to be involved in the same circuitry," Zuo said. "The clustering of synapses may serve to magnify the strength of the connections."
Another part of the study also supported the idea that the clustered synapses are involved in neural circuits specific to the task being learned. The researchers studied mice trained first in one task and then in a different task. Instead of grabbing a seed, the mice had to learn how to handle a piece of capellini pasta. Both tasks induced the formation of clustered spines, but spines formed during the learning of different tasks did not cluster together.
The researchers also looked at mice that were challenged with new motor tasks every day, but did not repeat the same task over and over like the ones trained in seed-grabbing or capellini-handling. These mice also grew lots of new dendritic spines, but few of the new spines were clustered.
"Repetitive activation of the same cortical circuit is really important in learning a new task," Zuo said. "But what is the optimal frequency of repetition? Ultimately, by studying the relationship between synapse formation and learning, we want to find out the best way to induce new memories."
The study used mice that had been genetically altered to make a fluorescent protein within certain neurons in the motor cortex. The researchers used a special microscopy technique (two-photon microscopy) to obtain images of those neurons near the surface of the brain. The noninvasive imaging technique enabled them to view changes in individual brain cells of the mice before, during, and after learning a new behavior.
In addition to Zuo and first author Min Fu, the coauthors of the paper include UCSC graduate student Xinzhu Yu and Stanford University biologist Ju Lu. This research was supported by grants from the Dana Foundation and the National Institute of Mental Health.
At the very onset of what would become the Soviet Empire, Vladimir Lenin decreed the creation of a national internal army called the “Cheka.” The Cheka were handed very broad police powers and tasked with the disruption and elimination of any form of dissent within the communist system. Lenin launched what would later be known as the “Red Terror”, in which nearly every Russian population center had an established Cheka office of operations using surveillance, infiltration, nighttime raids, imprisonment, torture and execution to silence opposition to the authority of the state.
Some of these people were active rebels, some were outspoken political opponents and journalists, others were merely average citizens wrongly accused by neighbors or personal enemies. The Cheka created a society of fear and suspicion in which no one could be trusted and little criticism was spoken above a whisper anywhere, even in one's own home.
It is important to note, however, that the dominance of the Cheka was established incrementally, not all at once.
Agents of the state began their “cleansing” of the Russian population by targeting specific groups at opportune times and worked their way through the citizenry at an exponential pace. The most intelligent, effective and dangerous activists and rebels were slated for destruction first, as they represented a kind of leadership mechanism by which the rest of the population might be mobilized or inspired. More innocuous organizations (like Christian churches and rural farmers) were persecuted as background noise while the political mop-up was underway.
Through this incrementalism, the communists were able to intern or eradicate vast numbers of potential opponents without the rest of Russians raising objections. The general populace was simply thankful that the eye of the Cheka had not been turned upon them, and as long as it was some other group of people unrelated to their daily life that disappeared in the night, they would keep their heads down and their mouths shut.
I would point out that the communists were very careful and deliberate in ensuring that the actions of the internal police were made valid through law and rationalized as a part of “class struggle.” Such laws were left so open to interpretation that literally any evil committed could later be vindicated. Man-made law is often a more powerful weapon than any gun, tank, plane or missile, because it triggers apathy within the masses. For some strange reason, when corrupt governments legalize their criminality through legislation or executive decree, the citizenry suddenly treats that criminality as legitimate and excusable.
Incremental prosecution and oppression is effective when the establishment wishes to avoid outright confrontation with a population. Attempt to snatch up a million people at one time, and you will have an immediate rebellion on your hands. Snatch up a million people one man at a time, or small groups at a time, and people do not know what to think or how to respond. They determine to hope that the authorities never get to them, that it will stop after a few initial arrests, or they hope that if they censor themselves completely, they will never be noticed.
In fact, corrupt governments issue warrants of arrest for a handful of dissenters and initiate imprisonment in a very public manner in the beginning with the express purpose of making examples and inspiring self censorship in the masses so that the authorities do not have to expend large amounts of resources to fight a more complex rebellion.
I bring up the historic example of the Cheka and incrementalism because a trend is brewing within our current establishment by which I believe a similar (if not more sterilized) brand of oppressive action is being planned against the liberty movement.
After the debacle in Burns, Oregon during the refuge standoff, federal officials immediately began a subtle campaign in the media promoting internal police powers that when examined in an honest light, are truly anti-liberty.
It remains my personal position according to the evidence I have seen that the refuge standoff was likely influenced by at least one if not more federal provocateurs and that Ammon Bundy was “encouraged” in his choice of actions and location by this person or persons. The goal? I can only guess that the intent was to trap the liberty movement in a Catch-22 scenario; either we join the poorly planned and executed standoff on some of the worst defensive ground possible and risk everything on one centralized event, or, we refuse to participate in the strategy and watch helplessly as a group of people, many with good intentions but little tactical sense or training, are arrested or killed. Either we gamble everything on the worst possible terms, or, we avoid the gamble and watch as the entire movement is made to look weak or incompetent by association with a few.
The majority of the movement chose the latter action, rightly I feel. Burns was no Bundy Ranch — everything about it felt rigged. And though there were many angry anonymous voices calling us “sunshine patriots” and “keyboard warriors” because we would not participate, apparently none of those loud mouths ever showed up in Burns either, so I am assuming they finally saw the wisdom in our decision.
It would seem as though the feds did not get exactly what they wanted out of the refuge standoff, but they have decided to squeeze as much advantage out of the event as possible.
Cliven Bundy was arrested after arriving by plane in Portland, Oregon, not on any charges relating to the refuge and his son Ammon, but on charges stemming from the Bundy Ranch standoff of 2014.
These charges include a strange and very broad legal measure relating to “interference with the duties of federal officials.” This in particular should be disconcerting to all of us, for “interference” could be any number of activities.
Any duties of federal officials that are not moral or constitutional should be interfered with in a tactically intelligent manner whenever possible. Such charges are a deliberate anathema to civil disobedience designed to counter immoral actions by government authorities. For any opposition could be deemed “interference” given a twisting of precedence, and thus treated as illegal.
In my recent article “Liberty Activists And ISIS Will Soon Be Treated As Identical Threats,” I examined statements made by the Justice Department's chief of national security, John Carlin, in an article published by Reuters. Carlin and the Justice Department have made it clear that they intend to apply rules of prosecution used for foreign terrorist organizations to “domestic extremists.” The Oregon standoff was specifically mentioned as an example of such extremism.
Carlin claimed that domestic extremists represent a “clear and present danger,” alluding to the “Clear And Present Danger Doctrine” allowing the government in “times of national crisis” to prosecute almost any citizen giving “material support” to enemies of the state. “Material support” in the past has even included verbal opposition to government policies. Meaning, Carlin is testing the waters of material support laws and such tests may target liberty movement speakers and journalists along with anyone involved in physical opposition. As with the Cheka, no one is really safe.
These charges are also being brought in a retroactive manner, long after the supposed crimes have been committed as we have seen with Cliven Bundy. Meaning, the feds plan to retain warrants and prolong charges, only arresting people later when they think they can get away with it. This is where the incrementalism comes in…
Rumors of further indictments have surfaced possibly including dozens of people involved in the Bundy Ranch standoff. And because of the nature of the incremental game the government is playing, verification is difficult until the arrests are activated.
It has come to my attention from personal sources that there may be a lot of truth to the rumors of pending or retroactive indictments, and that the FBI in particular may be biding its time and waiting to bring charges when particular people are at their most vulnerable and when the movement is less likely to react. These sources have indicated that the federal government is seeking to work around the public relations problems of standoff scenarios like Ruby Ridge, Waco, and Bundy Ranch. The feds may claim that they have “seen the light” in terms of avoiding outright mass murder, but I believe they have just found a better way to sneak past public opinion.
If they can manipulate the liberty movement into participation in poorly planned standoffs like Burns, Oregon, they will. Such standoffs are doomed from their inception and can even be controlled from within by agents provocateur. They are not a real threat.
If a standoff occurs organically, as it did at Bundy Ranch in Nevada, and public support is on the side of the liberty movement, then the establishment will simply back off and pluck activists from their homes or at the airport months later.
It is incumbent upon me to offer a warning to federal agencies in the event that incremental prosecution of liberty activists is truly a strategy they are planning to carry out: It is the general consensus of many in the liberty movement that ANY further arrests predicated on activism at Bundy Ranch or similar opposition events in the past to Bureau Of Land Management abuses of power will result in further and expanded engagements by activists. That is to say, such arrests and indictments will not be allowed to continue.
This is not a threat, this is fair warning to government agencies that they are walking a razor's edge. Incremental prosecutions and dismantling of the liberty movement will not be tolerated; they represent a non-negotiable line in the sand. The feds may or may not care what the consequences will be for crossing this line. They may even think they want such consequences. Regardless, consequences there will be.
While the refuge occupiers essentially handed their heads to the feds on a platter, and the movement was not able to salvage the situation in any viable manner, this does not mean that liberty activists will not take measures during future events depending on the circumstances. Federal agencies may be quick to forget the massive response at Bundy Ranch. This is a mistake. They should probably expect a similar response, if not a more aggressive one, if further arrests are undertaken.
With the ethereal nature of criminal charges like “material support” or “interference with federal officials,” due process becomes a bit of joke. You see, federal agents and agencies, you have to take into account the reality that the liberty movement is well aware of the government push to remove due process altogether. With the AUMF and the NDAA, among other executive actions, we realize that the friendly mask of due process is worn by government today, but not necessarily tomorrow.
If the movement gives ground and does nothing while dozens or more are retroactively imprisoned one case at a time for opposing federal abuse, then how long will it be before the rest of us are imprisoned on even broader charges? How long before the mask comes off and the rendition and indefinite detention provisions of the AUMF and the NDAA come into play? Do you really expect the movement to put faith in due process given the circumstances? Of course you do not.
I would venture to guess that the feds think that any opposition that does arise during the execution of warrants against liberty activists will be “easily managed.” This would be a mistake.
We have seen this all before in the passive sublimation of past societies. We recognize the signs of trespasses to come. And if such trespasses are brought upon the liberty movement or the population at large, then many of us will adopt the attitude that there is not much left to lose.
Personally, I do not look forward to this kind of fight, but I have no illusions that it can be avoided given the course our country has taken. Federal agencies have deemed it a matter of national security to watch us all very closely. They should keep in mind, though, that we are also watching them.
If you would like to support the publishing of articles like the one you have just read, visit our donations page here. We greatly appreciate your patronage.
You can contact Brandon Smith at:
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
Over time, we've highlighted some very creative and interesting ways our customers have incorporated recorded voicemails into their lives. Some have created iPod playlists, ring tones and even used voicemails in Mother's Day greeting cards.
In this season's audition portion of the hit TV Show “So you think you can dance”, Caleb Brauner was back and brought everyone to tears with an extremely emotional audition dancing to the song “Details in the Fabric” woven together with the voice of his father. The audio was captured from the last voicemail his father left him before passing away this past year.
If you're not a fan or just don't remember, Caleb's father not only accompanied him on last season's appearance on SYTYCD, but became an instant hit when called on stage to perform the worm alongside Caleb, completely bringing down the house!
Caleb's story should remind us about the preciousness of the spoken word and inspire us to think of new, creative ways to memorialize the precious recorded voice of our loved ones.
The Thing scampers across the Antarctic tundra in a dog suit. A Norwegian helicopter gives chase with bad aim and incendiaries. It's in humanity's best interest to kill the dog before it transforms into a “pissed-off cabbage” made of twelve dog tongues lined with thorny dog teeth. (Taking over the world requires imagination, psychedelic detailing, and a little hustle.) The dog, referred to by Thingsplainers as “Running dog-Thing,” is smart; it will go on to perform incredible feats. Like helping oatmeal cowboy Wilford Brimley build a spaceship. Like sticking Kurt Russell inside a fifth of J&B. Like replicating the frailty of the human mind in conditions of paranoia and subzero isolation. All of these, unbearable likenesses. Running dog-Thing has earned its customized bass lurk, composed by Ennio Morricone, which, in fairness to your ears and mine, could be an expensive John Carpenter imitation.
This opening sequence for Carpenter's The Thing prompted cheers at BAM last month, as part of a retrospective of the horror director's work. I whooped for my own dread, maybe rooting for the thirteen-year-old version of me who saw The Thing with my dad in 1982, after my parents' divorce. I relished those early quiet moments at U.S. National Science Institute Outpost 31, before the dog exploded and everyone started side-eyeing each other's ratty long johns. Before, if you'll forgive me, things got messy.
Thawed by a team of Norwegian researchers after being entombed in ice—with some 85,000 years on McMurdo's volcanic barrel sponge—the Thing makes its living by assimilating and copying other organisms. The Thing seems to be all for biodiversity, at least by appearances, while also making a convincing argument for keeping the permafrost intact. The Carpenter adaptation hewed more closely to the John Campbell story “Who Goes There,” rather than remaking the 1951 classic The Thing from Another World, directed by Carpenter's hero Howard Hawks and starring Gunsmoke lawman James Arness. Carpenter once called the Arness Thing “a blood-drinking carrot from outer space.” This fiendish carrot could later be seen in Halloween, on a TV set next to a sewing basket, just before some lunatic in a William Shatner mask ruined babysitting for the eighties.
Carpenter's Thing, for its part, discouraged the future of dog whispering, if not mankind in general. Running dog-Thing was played by Jed, a half wolf that neither growled nor barked. Richard Masur, who played the station dog handler, remembers how Jed would just give you “that look” when he grew uncomfortable on the set. That Thing looks. So watch Jed closely. Watch Jed pad down empty hallways. Jed nosing the door open, looking out of windows. Jed listening to Stevie Wonder.
Early in the film, Jed visits a shadow sitting on a bed, causing much speculation among Thing viewers. Who was first to be infected? The geologist? The chef on roller skates? Some believe it was the stoner helicopter mechanic who gives a shout out to Erich von Däniken. This means, as Carpenter once joked, the Thing was high for most of the movie. (And subsumed the memory of reading Chariots of the Gods.) When I spoke with Carpenter last month, he would only tell me it was Kurt Russell's stunt double—the shadow of a mimic—sitting on a bed.
The film poses a series of existential questions, the first one being whether it's even possible to discuss the Thing without sounding totally high. Can one be the Thing if one is worried about being the Thing? Or does the Thing fake-worry about being the Thing, so as not to reveal its cosmic sloppiness? I can see how easily the Thing can take over one's entire life, an unstoppable force assimilating and mimicking one's existence—like the Internet. One look at Thing message boards confirms the theory that the Thing should be just as freaked out by humans as they are by it. In the film, Wilford Brimley's Dr. Blair supposes this while performing an autopsy on Norwegian Two-faced Thing, his eraser head traveling directly from an astro-parasitic entity to his own bottom lip. A clear violation of Thing health code.
Carpenter made nineteen films besides The Thing, many of them great: from the yuppie capitalist satire They Live to the lo-fi goof Dark Star. While working on this story, I attempted to get away from The Thing by taking inventory of every other Carpenter memory within reach: one shock-haired ghoul on bicycle, with cards flapping in spokes; one ax-wielding book agent; one Ice Cube on Mars; two Eyes of Laura Mars; one inflatable pet alien named Beachball trying to tickle one Dan O'Bannon to death in an elevator shaft; one existential yet failed attempt to talk one bomb out of detonating itself; one film that pits Superman, Luke Skywalker, and Kirstie Alley against six telekinetic children; one script, unused, with Procol Harum's “Whiter Shade of Pale” as the sound track for a nuclear meltdown; one case of birder outrage concerning validity of “bullshit binocular shots” used in Assault on Precinct 13; one canister of ancient liquid evil that allows you to transcribe end-times code at lightning speed; one Fog doctor, identified in the closing credits as “Phibes”; one Rowdy Roddy Piper, identified in the closing credits as “Nada”; one kid at summer camp who was kind of a dick, which could be related to the fact he was actually named Michael Myers; one childhood friend who turned the Halloween theme into the new “Chopsticks”; one Carpenter sound track collaborator, Alan Howarth, nodding in headphones with eyes closed while I played him MC A.D.E.'s Miami Bass/Halloween classic “How Much Can You Take?”; one time sneaking back into Escape from New York just for the opening credits, when words appear on the screen as images to be watched, not read, so as to commit one nasty keyboard riff to memory; one Snake Plissken recital (“I don't give a fuck about your president”) in the fifth-grade gym locker room, unaware that Coach Frank Zerbinos was present, resulting in disciplinary one mile “fun run” on the track in front of the cafeteria on pizza day; one obligatory mention of “Carpenter synths” when referring to music that may or may not remotely sound like “Carpenter synths”; one e-mail from a friend confirming yes, his ten-year-old son did indeed march in a Chewbacchus parade in New Orleans while carrying a sign declaring, I CAME HERE TO KICK ASS AND CHEW BUBBLE GUM, ETC. ; one roommate singing the chorus to Big Trouble in Little China; one stranger happily informing me that the Psychokinetic Energy Meter (PKE) used in Ghostbusters was recycled for law enforcement in They Live; one Brooklyn record store called The Thing that contains one original copy of Donny Hathaway's Everything Is Everything; one (and only) Donald Pleasence.
And another important question for John Carpenter: What was the fog machine used in The Fog?
They have a machine that takes this grease oil base—called it “fog juice.” Big thing. [Starts making fog-machine noises]. They have a giant one called the Valley Fogger and they just fogged everything up. Then they had a handheld device you could walk around with—it's like a leaf blower only it blows out fog.
Rob Bottin, who played the ghost of a vengeful seagoing leper in The Fog, was in charge of special effects for The Thing. During filming, he joked about the geologist's stomach ripping open and turning into “a big mouth that bites this guy's arms off.” Carpenter took him seriously. Bottin would do such a thorough job—literally ending up inside the Thing, for the finale—that he'd check himself into a hospital after the shoot completed.
For Bottin, exploring the imagination of resemblance was a matter of catching this creature in the act of sorting itself out (or as Lovecraft once wrote, “correlating its contents”). The Thing may have been gross, but the reality was downright disgusting and could be sourced from the grocery store. Ingredients included creamed corn, Jell-O, mayonnaise, microwaved bubble gum, and five-gallon pails of K-Y Jelly—all supervised by a twenty-two-year-old, high on candy bars and cola, wearing an “I Love E.T.” shirt.
For all of Bottin and Carpenter's efforts, The Thing did a box-office face-plant on release, having the misfortune of debuting on the same weekend as E.T.—outgrossed by an alien with a beer gut who flew a bicycle into the face of a full moon. (Kurt Russell and E.T. both drank Coors.) But unlike E.T., the Thing deserves its own diorama among the frozen animal impressionists at the American Museum of Natural History. Right next to the snow wolves. As Bachelard once wrote, nature went mad long before man did. Just consult your local lobster guts: in Reverend Thomas R. R. Stebbing's History of Crustacea (1893), an illustration of a lobster's stomach “opened up to show the teeth, the central one of which has been supplied with eyes, nose and mouth to represent the lady in the chair.”
Despite The Thing's reputable excess—having been revived in a decade not known for its restraint—the idea of vodka-infused Wilford Brimley–Thing assembling a UFO out of helicopter scrap (in an expertly carved ice tunnel, no less) is allowed to play out in our heads. At the BAM screening, I gauged the audience during the infamous scene where the geologist's disembodied head sprouts spider legs and gets torched by a flamethrower for its trouble. One kid over from me, maybe thirteen, just shook his head. Big whoop. Not even a chuckle for the Lash LaRue bullwhip tongue. But did he catch a glimpse of Brimley dragging someone along the floor by his face? (Watching Brimley work the film's Not-It nerves is a real pleasure.) The biggest crowd response was saved for a more human act near the end—Kurt Russell's stunt double executing a dive roll when the Thing, in an uncharacteristically boneheaded move, grabs the dynamite plunger.
For me, it was when the camera, accompanied by the Morricone theme, revisits the empty rooms and hallways of the station, those old dog haunts. This memory trek also served Halloween well, as if foreshadowing a survivor's nightmare. It becomes part of you. An alternate Thing ending shows another dog, Jed 2, running across the snow, on to another station. Next stop: Global Seed Vault? Canadian Forces Alert Signals Intelligence Station?
Though we're left with more hope for a sequel than for humanity, it's encouraging that, against Hollywood odds, 50 percent of the black characters survive. And should a proper sequel materialize, there will be no lack of cogitation about how the Thing should resume business. Carpenter referred me to a follow-up that appeared in Dark Horse Comics: “It's unbelievably great. It involves a submarine. But I never did anything about it. Nobody asked me to! You have to get it and while you're reading it you have to be singing into a vocoder.” (Thing in a sub! Who wouldn't?) Meanwhile, I'm left wondering if the Thing can retain the dream memories of those it absorbs, turning to Freaks and Geeks for answers. For it was the great leveler Millie Kentner who once cried, “Life is not that dog's dream!”
* * *
It's currently nine degrees McMurdo outside my apartment. Wind: feral. Optimal Thing conditions. I've been assimilated by my own couch, in danger of becoming the Blob while reabsorbing the film that nearly sabotaged Carpenter's career. (Who's the Thing now!) At the moment, the film is paused on Garry, Outpost 31's station manager. He's still tied up after spending an eventful blood test sitting right next to the Thing, on the verge of bursting not into the Thing, but into an angry man with snowy eyebrows. I'd rather not spend the rest of the winter tied to this fucking couch!!!
John Carpenter's Lost Themes, an album of new music, is now out on Sacred Bones Records.
Dave Tompkins is writing a book about Miami. His first book, How to Wreck a Nice Beach: The Vocoder from World War II to Hip-Hop, is now out in paperback. Audio mixes and more can be found at Howtowreckanicebeach.com.
Intensive preparation for the Law School Admission Test (LSAT) actually changes the microscopic structure of the brain, physically bolstering the connections between areas of the brain important for reasoning, according to neuroscientists at the University of California, Berkeley.
The results suggest that training people in reasoning skills – the main focus of LSAT prep courses – can reinforce the brain's circuits involved in thinking and reasoning and could even up people's IQ scores.
“The fact that performance on the LSAT can be improved with practice is not new. People know that they can do better on the LSAT, which is why preparation courses exist,” said Allyson Mackey, a graduate student in UC Berkeley's Helen Wills Neuroscience Institute who led the study. “What we were interested in is whether and how the brain changes as a result of LSAT preparation, which we think is, fundamentally, reasoning training. We wanted to show that the ability to reason is malleable in adults.”
The new study shows that reasoning training does alter brain connections, which is good news for the test prep industry, but also for people who have poor reasoning skills and would like to improve them. The findings are reported today (Wednesday, Aug. 22) in the open access journal Frontiers in Neuroanatomy.
“A lot of people still believe that you are either smart or you are not, and sure, you can practice for a test, but you are not fundamentally changing your brain,” said senior author Silvia Bunge, associate professor in the UC Berkeley Department of Psychology and the Helen Wills Neuroscience Institute. “Our research provides a more positive message. How you perform on one of these tests is not necessarily predictive of your future success, it merely reflects your prior history of cognitive engagement, and potentially how prepared you are at this time to enter a graduate program or a law school, as opposed to how prepared you could ever be.”
John D. E. Gabrieli, a professor of cognitive neuroscience at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, who was not involved in the research, noted that researchers in the past have shown anatomical changes in the brain from simpler tasks, such as juggling or playing a musical instrument, but not for tasks as complex and abstract as thinking or reasoning, which involve many areas of the brain.
“I think this is an exciting discovery,” he said. “It shows, with rigorous analysis, that brain pathways important for thinking and reasoning remain plastic in adulthood, and that intensive, real-life educational experience that trains reasoning also alters the brain pathways that support reasoning ability.”
Harnessing brain's spatial areas improves deductive reasoning
The results also suggest that LSAT training improves students' reasoning ability by strengthening the connections between the left and right hemispheres of the brain. According to Bunge, director of the Building Blocks of Cognition Laboratory, deductive reasoning, such as language comprehension, taxes a predominantly left-hemisphere brain network, whereas spatial cognition taxes a predominantly right-hemisphere network.
“You could argue that, to the extent that you can employ spatial cognition to think through a verbal problem, you would have the edge,” she said.
The structural changes were revealed by diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) scans of the brains of 24 college students or recent graduates before and after 100 hours of LSAT training over a three-month period. When compared with brain scans of a matched control group of 23 young adults, the trained students developed increased connectivity between the frontal lobes of the brain, and between frontal and parietal lobes.
“A lot of data on reasoning has suggested that it is left-hemisphere dominant,” Mackey said. “But what we thought originally was that this kind of reasoning training would require repeated co-activation of frontal and parietal cortices on both sides of the brain. Our data are consistent with the idea that, while reasoning is left-hemisphere dominant, with training you learn to compensate; if you are not very good at reasoning, you start bringing on the right side.”
The study focused on fluid reasoning –- that is, the ability to tackle a novel problem, which is central to IQ tests and has been shown to predict academic performance and performance in demanding careers, Bunge said.
“People assume that IQ tests measure some stable characteristic of an individual, but we think this whole assumption is flawed,” Bunge said. “We think that the skills measured by an IQ test wax and wane over time depending on the individual's level of cognitive activity.” One fascinating question, Gabrieli noted, is whether the brain changes observed in this study persist for months or longer after the training.
For the past decade, Bunge has studied the ability to integrate multiple pieces of information, “which we see as central to all tests of reasoning,” she said.
LSAT prep students are highly motivated study group
Mackey and Bunge showed several years ago that children can improve their reasoning skills by regularly playing commercially available games that involve reasoning, though the researchers did not have the opportunity to test for actual physical changes in the brain. In searching for a program that provides adults with intensive reasoning training, they hit upon the idea of recruiting aspiring lawyers preparing for the LSAT. Allyson discovered that the company Blueprint Test Preparation offered 100 hours of class time, including 70 hours of reasoning training. With the company's cooperation, she recruited students as they signed up for a Blueprint LSAT course. This arrangement allowed her to test whether training changes brain structure in a group of highly motivated young adults.
Mackey and Bunge tested for changes in the white matter of the brain, the brain tissue that contains the connections between the brain's neurons. These connections, called axons, are surrounded by a variety of support cells called glia, some of which form myelin that insulates the axons and speeds the passage of signals. In animal studies, increased myelination and glial support cells are associated with learning, and a recent study found that some of these glial cells provide energy to the axons.
Using diffusion tensor imaging (DTI), they followed water movement in the white matter and found differences, on average, between the trained group and the control group. Specifically, the trained group showed a change in the directionality of water diffusion that is consistent with increased myelination. Also, near the boundary between the white matter and gray matter, the trained group showed a reduction in water diffusion, possibly because of more densely packed glial cells. While the real cause of the changes in water diffusion is unclear, the researchers said, it reflects an alteration in the microstructure of the brain associated with a change in cognitive activity.
“One thing that gives us confidence in these data is that a lot of these changes are in the tracts that connect frontal and parietal cortex, or between different hemispheres in those areas, and frontal and parietal regions are absolutely essential for reasoning,” Bunge said. “So, we are seeing the changes exactly where we would expect to see them. And we think that they reflect strengthening of the connections between them.”
“This work could inspire further research in non-human animals, because there seems to be a resurgence of interest in environmental influences on the brain,” Bunge said, noting that, in the 1960s and '70s, UC Berkeley Professors Mark Rosenzweig and Marion Diamond conducted landmark research on the effects of environmental enrichment on behavior and brain anatomy in rats.
The work was funded by the National Institute of Neurological Diseases and Stroke of the National Institutes of Health, with the assistance of Blueprint Test Preparation. Graduate student Kirstie Whitaker also contributed to the research.
RELATED INFORMATION
THIS is not Ukraine, it's Venezuela. While the world has been focused on a missing plane, violent clashes have set the country's capital on fire.
Student protesters have clashed with soldiers in the streets of Caracas again today, as three more fatal shootings raised the death toll to 25 as a month of demonstrations against Venezuela's socialist government intensifies.
Around 3000 supporters and opponents of Venezuela's President Nicolás Maduro took to the streets of the country's capital to mark one month since the protests erupted.
Students threw stones and petrol bombs while security forces fired teargas and turned water cannons on them.
There were similar opposition protests in the cities of San Cristobal, Merida and Valencia.
The demonstrations have been fuelled by public discontent over deteriorating living conditions in the oil-rich South American country, where violent crime, shortages and inflation have combined to create the most serious challenge yet for leftist President Nicolas Maduro.
Local student Jesus Acosta, 20, was shot in the head near his home while civilian Guillermo Sanchez, 42, died of a bullet wound after he was also shot outside his home.
Bolivarian National Guard Captain Ramso Ernesto Bracho Bravo died in clashes in the nearby city of Naguanagua.
This is not Ukraine its Venezuela. Media is not allowed. CNN removed by gunpoint. pic.twitter.com/AHUodMsJKf #tcot #p2 Socialist black out — Norsu (@Norsu2) March 13, 2014
Local media said Acosta, 20, reported that he was not participating in protests at the time.
Since the protests began, opposition leaders and students, as well as government authorities, have accused each other of backing radical groups that attack demonstrations with firearms.
PROTESTERS ‘LOOKING FOR TROUBLE'
The Caracas march had not been approved by authorities, with Maduro saying the demonstrators were simply looking for trouble. The president announced this week he was banning any protests in the centre of the capital as long as the opposition refuses to hold talks with the government.
But the students turned out anyway, chanting slogans and demanding the release of protesters detained in earlier demonstrations.
“@AFP: A National Police member shoots tear gas at opposition activists in Caracas, Venezuela, by @jbarreto1974 pic.twitter.com/aJQ9ZiksXw” fire — ... Calm (@rafara99) March 6, 2014
The students, standing just outside the gates of the Central University of Venezuela, squared off against about 300 national police officers who blocked their access to the landmark Plaza Espana square.
Their march crossed the campus, and was trying to head all the way to the government ombudsman's offices.
Hilda Ruiz, a student leader from Central University, told AFP the marchers also wanted authorities to respond to allegations of police torture, and to punish those responsible for the deaths of demonstrators.
When police lobbed tear gas, marchers largely scattered from the gas cloud.
Some threw rocks in retaliation.
Maduro supporters, dressed in “Chavista” red, meanwhile, rallied for “peace and life.”
CRISIS MEETINGS UNDERWAY
South American foreign ministers are meeting in Santiago, Chile on the Venezuelan crisis.
“I want to reiterate the Chilean government's wish to support and stand by the Venezuelan people and the government,” the country's newly inaugurated President Michelle Bachelet said, stressing that the government was democratically elected.
Wishing Venezuelans “peace” in which to settle their differences, Bachelet added: “We will never support any movement that violently seeks to oust a constitutionally elected government.”
Opposition activists stand next to a barricade on fire during a protest in Caracas, Venezuela, by @jbarreto1974 pic.twitter.com/ezpwjKolAj — Agence France-Presse (@AFP) March 7, 2014
WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE VENEZUELA PROTESTS:
*The anti-government protests first erupted on February 4 in the western city of San Cristobal, reaching Caracas on February 12 when three people were killed.
*Demonstrators are demanding better security, an end to goods shortages and protected freedom of speech.
*Major social and economic problems have fuelled the protests. But officials have accused the US of plotting to destabilise the government.
*Some blame Venezuela's government, led by President Nicolas Maduro, and other officials blame the opposition for the security and economic problems.
*Many demonstrators across the country are students, but prominent opposition politicians have also joined marches.
The Seattle Seahawks signed Antoine Winfield in April to bolster an already powerful secondary. The 36-year-old cornerback won't make it to the regular season with Pete Carroll's bunch.
CBSSports.com's Jason La Canfora reported that Antoine Winfield will be among Seattle's cuts Saturday, as the team whittles its roster to 53 players by the 6 p.m. ET deadline.
NFL roster cut tracker Teams had until 6 p.m. ET on Saturday to reduce their rosters to a maximum of 53 players. Who was cut?
More ...
Teams had until 6 p.m. ET on Saturday to reduce their rosters to a maximum of 53 players. Who was cut?
La Canfora noted that the Seahawks might attempt to shop Winfield before releasing him. A team interested in padding its roster with one of the NFL's better run-stoppers might listen, but Winfield primarily is a nickel-type at this stage in his career. Parting ways with the former Minnesota Vikings Pro Bowl cornerback suggests the Seahawks like what they see in Jeremy Lane and Walter Thurmond III in support of starters Richard Sherman and Brandon Browner.
Carroll repeatedly has talked about the depth Seattle has built with the help of independent-minded general manager John Schneider. The organization views the cornerback position differently than other teams, pursuing a string of taller and more physical cover men. During our NFC West preview on Friday's "Around The League Podcast," we cited the Seahawks as the NFL's deepest team. It's a tough squad for an outsider to latch onto, something Winfield learned Saturday.
UPDATE: According to coach Carroll, Winfield has informed the Seahawks that he plans to retire.
Wishing Antoine Winfield the best in his decision to retire. He's a consummate pro and a great team player. We were lucky to have him! â Pete Carroll (@PeteCarroll) August 31, 2013
The " Around The League Podcast" is now available on iTunes! Click here to listen and subscribe.
As Egyptian democracy protesters massed in the streets of Cairo in 2011, provoking a bloody crackdown from the authoritarian regime of Hosni Mubarak, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton presented herself as a champion of human rights. Clinton was “deeply concerned about the use of violence by Egyptian police and security forces against protesters,” she told reporters at the State Department. “Egyptian authorities,” she urged, should not impede “peaceful protests.”
But behind the scenes, Clinton pursued contrasting aims. She cautioned the White House about backing the ouster of President Mubarak, whom she had previously described as a family friend. Her State Department cleared Egypt to continue purchasing arms the U.S. government classified as "toxicological agents,” a broad designation that included chemical and biological weapons, as well as vaccines -- this, at the very moment Mubarak's forces were unleashing one toxicological agent, tear gas, against protesters demanding his ouster.
The Clinton-run State Department's approval of chemical and biological exports to the Egyptian government increased in volume just as dollars flowed from Mubarak-linked entities into the coffers of Clinton family concerns. A group closely associated with the Mubarak government paid Bill Clinton a $250,000 speaking fee in 2010, less than 4 months before the Egyptian revolution began. In 2012, a firm with an ownership stake in the company that manufactured the tear gas reportedly used by Egyptian security forces against the uprising paid $100,000 to $250,000 for another Bill Clinton speech.
Photo: REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis The approval of American chemical weapons sales to Egypt as Mubarak's associates were stocking Clinton family interests with cash is but one example of a dynamic that prevailed though Hillary Clinton's tenure as secretary of state. During the roughly two years of Arab Spring protests that confronted authoritarian governments with popular uprisings, Clinton's State Department approved $66 million worth of so-called Category 14 exports -- defined as "toxicological agents, including chemical agents, biological agents and associated equipment" -- to nine Middle Eastern governments that either donated to the Clinton Foundation or whose affiliated groups paid Bill Clinton speaking fees.
That represented a 50 percent overall increase in such export approvals to the same countries over the two years prior to the Arab Spring, according to an International Business Times review of State Department documents. In the same time period, Arab countries that did not donate to the Clinton Foundation saw an overall decrease in their State Department approvals to purchase chemical and biological materials. The increase in chemical, biological and related exports to Clinton Foundation donors was part of a larger jump in overall arms sales authorized by Hillary Clinton's State Department to foreign governments that gave her family's foundation at least $54 million, according to a previous IBTimes analysis.
The State Department, the Clinton campaign and the Clinton Foundation did not respond to questions about the deals.
The donations to the Clinton Foundation and the concurrent increase in export approvals of toxicological, biological and chemical agents and associated hardware raise questions about whether the contributions improperly influenced arms export decisions, said Kathleen Clark, a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis.
“The goal of conflicts-of-interest standards and government ethics standards is to set up a system where the public can be confident that officials are a making decisions on their merits, and not that there is a financial stake in the matter,” Clark told IBTimes. “Did these donations influence State Department decision-making? Why did they donate to the Clinton Foundation? Is it possible that they perceived that the donation would ingratiate themselves -- or not -- with policymakers?”
Prior to Clinton's tenure at State, Congress and the public could see some of the details of Category 14 exports. Those interested in scrutinizing the sales were supplied a breakdown of the transactions into separate categories such as “tear gases and riot control” and other wares classified as “medical countermeasures” like vaccines to protect against exposure to chemical and biological warfare. But as Clinton's State Department increased its export approvals, it also stopped providing a breakdown of such exports. Key details are now effectively secret.
Transparency advocates complain the absence of a breakdown enables the State Department to approve weapons deals without providing a public accounting.
"In the past, we were able to pinpoint specific exports that may have been counter to State Department policy, and hand that information to the State Department and they would take action," said Colby Goodman, a senior research associate with the Center for International Policy. "Now, that's not possible.” He added: “We expressed our concerns to the State Department, but they have failed to take action."
A state department official told IBTimes that under Clinton, the department decided it didn't need to report granular details of weapons exports to be fully compliant with congressional reporting requirements. The official even asserted the Clinton-led department's procedure was "more transparent."
The reports released by Clinton's state department since 2010 disclose overall export numbers. For instance, in 2010, export authorizations to Egypt's government for chemical and biological agents saw a one-year, 38 percent increase in the lead-up to the revolution against Mubarak's government. That year, the Mubarak-aligned American Chamber of Commerce in Egypt paid Bill Clinton $250,000. Two close Mubarak allies were past presidents of the group, one of whom reportedly was sent to lobby Washington against a proposed resolution that would call on Mubarak to have free and fair elections.
In all, in the two years after Bill Clinton was paid by the Mubarak-aligned group -- and as uprisings against the Egyptian government swept the country -- the Clinton-led State Department backed a 12 percent increase in exports to Egypt in the biological and chemical agents category.
Secretary Clinton seemed to pursue contradictory policies where Egypt was concerned. Autocratic governments have used chemical weapons to suppress internal dissent, and in 2011, Clinton announced as part of her support for an international treaty that outlaws the stockpiling of chemical weapons, she would “reaffirm our commitment to finish the job” of eliminating such stockpiles. But U.S. approvals for the exports of Category 14 weapons to Cairo increased even though Egypt was one of only three countries whose governments have taken no action to sign or ratify the treaty. (The other two are North Korea and South Sudan.)
“It's widely believed that Egypt has stockpiled offensive chemical weapons," said Daryl Kimball, executive director of the Arms Control Association.
In 2011, ABC News reported that Egyptians protesting against Mubarak were attacked by the regime's police with tear gas made by an American company called Combined Systems Inc. (Tear gas is considered a chemical weapon under the Chemical Weapons Convention, and is banned in wartime.) That firm is part-owned by the Carlyle Group, which paid the Clinton Foundation for a Bill Clinton speech in 2012 though the Clinton Foundation did not disclose it at the time. In all, the Carlyle Group has donated at least $350,000 to the foundation, including a fee for a Hillary Clinton speech months after she left office in 2013.
The Carlyle Group declined to answer questions from IBTimes.
Some Clinton Foundation donors from the Middle East did not see an increase in authorizations for toxicological agents during the Arab Spring, but did see big increases earlier, soon after Clinton came into office in 2009.
Algeria received just $2,110 worth of State Department authorizations in the chemical and biological weapons category in fiscal 2008. But the next fiscal year -- 80 percent of which was under Clinton's tenure -- the country received more than $6 million worth of such Category 14 authorizations. Five-point-eight million dollars of the authorizations were for items classified as “tear gases and riot control agents.” The next year, the Algerian government gave the Clinton Foundation $500,000. Amid the Arab Spring revolts in 2011, Algerian security forces used tear gas on protesters in the capital.
In a similar instance, Saudi Arabia received a little less than $5 million in Category 14 authorizations in 2008 and 2009, but then in 2010 -- Clinton's first full fiscal year in office -- the State Department approved $18 million of such authorizations. Saudi Arabia is one of the Clinton Foundation's largest donors, having given at least $10 million in the years before Hillary Clinton became secretary of state.
Because Clinton's State Department stopped detailing its arms approvals, congressional lawmakers and the public cannot discern if the U.S. gave the Saudis and other autocratic regimes offensive weapons like to tear gas (or more deadly substances) or defensive equipment to protect soldiers from chemical exposure.
“The public has the right to know the details about these deals,” said Joe Newman, a spokesperson for the Project on Government Oversight, a nonpartisan watchdog group. “There would need to be an extraordinary national security concern to keep the public from knowing what weapons we're exporting to foreign governments. We can't think of a good example of when the public should be kept in the dark.”
Patrick Stewart: 'Supporting Gay Rights Is Natural'
The iconic actor talks about his new film Match, the joys of sex, and why he's honored to to be misidentified as a gay man.
There's one particular scene during Patrick Stewart's new film Match, in which his character Tobi discusses the joys of going down on a woman. When I tell him the scene caught me off guard he lets out a long laugh and says, “Well, to quote Tobi from the film, of course it caught you off guard, because ‘most cunnilingus conversations do.'”
He continues, “I can't recall having ever seen a movie where that was actually a topic of conversation. But it's not obscene. It's not offensive. In fact, I think it's very witty and entertaining.”
Even as my inner 13-year-old giggles at the fact that I'm discussing the subject of oral sex with Captain Jean-Luc Picard, I find myself nodding in agreement. The film's unflinching honesty is one of the main reasons Stewart says he was attracted to the project, and the 74-year-old actor adds that this part gave him an opportunity to upend ageist attitudes surrounding sex.
“These problems only exist through young people, who feel that they invented sex and that it was created specifically for them and that it's only them and the people of their generation who understand the pleasures and delights as well as the problems of being a sexual person,” he says. “Of course, those things just don't go away at all. But there has always been this kind of offensive aspect to the idea that someone over 40, male or female, should be sexually active, and that's absolutely absurd. Like my character in the film says, it's one of the greatest gifts we have been given and it has to be celebrated.”
Stewart says he knew he wanted to play the part of bisexual Juilliard dance teacher Tobias “Tobi” Powell the moment he finished reading writer-director Stephen Belber's screenplay for the film of his Tony Award–winning play.
“There are very few roles each year that come along which have this level of detail and complexity, as well as narrative development,” he says. “The depth of satisfaction in mining all that is so intense and is, for me, the primary attraction of this job that I do.”
That “job” has spanned more than five decades and encompassed roles ranging from Captain Ahab in Moby Dick and Claudius in Hamlet to modern fan favorites like Professor Charles Xavier in X-Men and his iconic role in Star Trek: The Next Generation.
However, Stewart says the story of this drama — which unfolds when Tobi is interviewed by graduate student Lisa (Carla Gugino) and her husband, Mike (Matthew Lillard), about the master dancer's days as a performer and the painful decisions and sacrifices of his past — not only provides him a platform to speak on social issues but resonates with him on a personal level.
“As a young actor I was married in my 20s and had children pretty quickly, but I was so dedicated to making a career as an actor, which meant traveling and being away from home for long periods of time,” he says as his voice shifts into a more somber tone. “I had to make a choice often whether I would accept a role that might have been something like a two-year commitment where I would only be able to see my children one day a week or sacrificing that opportunity to focus on family.”
Story continued on next page
Pages
A couple of weeks back our good friends at Gollancz got in contact and asked if we'd like to interview one of our favourite authors, Brandon Sanderson. Of course, we said ‘YES!', but because Brandon is busy we knew we'd only have a very limited amount of questions we'd be able to ask, so we wanted to invite the community to help us choose them. The only rules were that we wanted questions to revolve around The Stormlight Archieve and, I have to say, you guys from our Forums and Reddit.com (where I asked for help coming up with questions) came through and then some: so, thank you so, so much 🙂
The following answers from Brandon have been transcribed, enjoy!
FANTASY FACTION'S FAN QUESTIONS
Question 1: The Way of Kings has been referred to as one of the finest Fantasy books released in the past decade (many would suggest much longer than that). Can you give readers a sense of how the story progresses in Words of Radiance and how you feel it compares to the first in terms of the reading experience it offers?
Boy, big question. Living up to a really successful book is always hard. As writers, you get in this mindset where you read through something that you've done, and you think, how did that even happen? How did it come together? You're always surprised, and there's always a sense of, “Well, I can never do that again.” Right? But that happens consistently as you work on things. I've had that same sense for Words of Radiance. It turned out wonderfully. So where does it go? It expands the world and the characters. It shows off a new magic. It has Wit being himself. It involves more depth into the understanding of romantic theory and the Cosmere. It lets several of the characters really come into their own. It moves at a fast pace, and things where you may have been thinking, “Oh, it's not going to go there at least for a few more books,” happen immediately instead of taking forever. This is all part of my desire and goal for the series. I wrote a really big essay for Tor.com about how I envisioned these books going, where I look at each one as being more than book, where I'm playing with the idea of what it means to be an epic. Words of Radiance went very well in that regard. I plotted it like a trilogy, and wrote it as this one book made of three books. Anyway, I'm just super excited about how it turned out. I'm trying to talk around giving any spoilers, but it's also very humbling that people have enjoyed the series so much.
Question 2: Every one over at Fantasy-Faction appreciates the amount of writing you are able to put out each year. At this point of your career, does writing feel like work or play to you?
It's always been both. But once you become a professional, the less fun aspects of it are the revision, particularly revising on a deadline. The writing of the actual books is still as fun as it ever was. But in the old days, if I didn't want to revise something at a certain moment, I just didn't have to. Even when I was not as popular as I am now, I didn't have to revise right away because there was so much time between when I turned in a book and when it came out. Nowadays, when editorial comments come in, I've basically got to drop everything and do revisions. I've never liked revising very much. So I would say that part of it feels more like work, while the rest of it feels about the same.
Is there a big difference in this for The Stormlight Archive versus projects like Steelheart?
Yes, in that the more streamlined the story, the easier the revisions tend to be. Because the more complicated the story, the higher number of viewpoints, the more you have to worry about continuity and about the characters, how what they do influences the timeline of other characters. In something like The Stormlight Archive, there is a lot more continuity involved, and that makes the revisions a lot harder.
I'm curious as to whether committing to a 10 book series ever feels daunting.
Good question. I would say no, it doesn't. The reason being that The Stormlight Archive, as I've said many times before, is this series that I have been planning for years and years and years and years and years. Twenty-plus years I've been wanting to do this book series. Having that, and having that desire to do this, means that the book series is this awesome thing in my head. Books get into my head, and they have to come out eventually. They bug my brain until they do. This one's been bugging my brain the longest. I don't think it's daunting, because it's not like I don't know what to do for ten books. I know what to do for ten books. These books have been screaming at me for decades to get written. It's more a relief that I can finally get them on the page, that I finally have the skill in order to accomplish it. It's a relief to finally be doing the ten-book series like this that I've wanted to do for so long. That said, at dinner tonight I was chatting with my assistants, and they said, so we're going to be working on this series until we're past age fifty, aren't we, Brandon? And I said yes, we are.
Question 3: Someone from Earth is about to be sent off to the Cosmere. They've read your first Stormlight book, but they've never really taken time to really dig deep and find out about how it sits in the overall ‘Cosmere', so they're totally unprepared. What basic concepts regarding shards, magic systems and world hopping do you think are most important?
The first, most important thing to say to the person who's being sent there is to enjoy the story you're in. All of the Cosmere stuff, the interconnection between my books and all these wonderful little things, are right now mostly Easter eggs. Which means that if you spend the whole book only worried about that, you're going to miss the beauty and fun that is the book that you're part of. I often say to people, don't worry if you read them “out of order,” because it's all Easter eggs right now. Don't worry and stress if you miss something about the Cosmere, because while someday that might be important, you first need to enjoy the book that you're part of. But the primer I'd give to this person is that the worlds are connected. If you show up on a planet and there's a guy named Hoid around, then be very afraid, because you're someplace very dangerous.
Question 4: Way of Kings was around 1000 pages. Words of Radiance is almost 1100. I've done the calculations and using extrapolation book 10 will be 280,000 pages long (assuming geometric growth). Of course, that is only really a problem for the printers (who have to find a way to bind them), but do you think there are any limits as to how long a book should be?
Well, in some ways The Wheel of Time is a single novel, and can be read that way, and is actually eligible for some awards this year as a single completed novel. If there is an upper limit, it's longer than The Wheel of Time was. I don't think I'm likely to hit it with The Stormlight Archive. On a more serious note, when creating a book of this length, what I have to ask myself is, what is the purpose of the length? Why am I doing what I'm doing? I like to be conscious as a writer. In this case, as I mentioned earlier, I do view each book in The Stormlight Archive as multiple books unto itself. You can pick up The Way of Kings and read it with break points at certain places to make it into a trilogy of books. In Words of Radiance, they're even more distinct. It's like you're picking up a collection, an omnibus that is called Words of Radiance, that is really three books, plus a short story collection, plus an art book. For me, length is a way that I can tell you these smaller stories are all connected in a larger story, which is in turn connected in a larger story. It allows me to create a type of art that I can't create in the shorter form. Yes, I'm sure there is a boundary. I would personally think it's far beyond what I'm capable of achieving in my lifetime.
And, if the convention of printing books disappeared tomorrow and every one began reading ebooks only do you think the way you write books would change (i.e. being able to disregard wordcounts or even being able to consider serialising a book)?
I think that would offer some very interesting opportunities. I think I would be unwise not to try to take advantage of them, if such a thing did happen. In fact, it's possible to try right now. I've got thoughts in my head about how I would do this. Because the form of the story is a very important thing to me, if you can't tell from the way I was talking about everything before. The form of the book, looking at the book and saying, what am I doing with this actual thing? What is the shape of it? Elantris had a specific shape, with the chapter triads that were happening at the same time as one another. These things are interesting to me, and I want to do things like this with e-books also. But there are other things we would lose. Just like if you go and you can compare, a great example of this is the US cover of Words of Radiance, which was hand painted in oil by Michael Whelan. It has a certain feel to it.
In fact, you can see the oil. You can see the brush strokes if you look very closely at the painting. You look at the gorgeous digital painting that Stephan Martiniere did for the US edition of Elantris. But if you look at these different covers, one is digital only, and has this interesting use of digital light, and the other has texture and feel. Those are two different forms for creating art, and they both have awesome things to them. I think if we lost the book as a form, we might lose some of that idea—the book as a texture, and what it feels like to hold it goes away. I'd be sad to lose that. But I can't tell right now if that would be the sadness of someone watching an antiquated technology that no longer really matters in life go away, or if it would be losing something that will very much negatively impact society. We will just have to see. Time will tell.
Bonus Question: Finally, and most importantly, if all your protagonists had an epic all out brawl, who would win?
Some of them are immortal, but that would kind of be cheating. If you let people who are immortal participate, it's going to very much favor someone like Hoid, who is really, really, really hard to kill. Of course, he would not be very good at offing anyone either, because of certain things in his past. It would be really futile when it got down to the last two. But if we take that out.
You'd have to set ground rules. Do they get access to their magic? Where is it taking place? If we take away all magic and we just say people are beating up on each other, who's going to win? It's probably Kelsior because he'll fight dirty. Vasher fights really dirty, too. If Kelsior and Vasher gang up on the rest, and then it depends on who's still not in pieces at the end. It'd be Kelsior or Vasher probably.
RISKY / SPOILER QUESTIONS
In The Way of Kings, when Shallan zones out and draws a picture of a dead noble at a dinner table, was she drawing her own father after she killed him with her shardblade?
Ooh, good question! You will want to read Words of Radiance, where her flashbacks may indeed involve this scene that she drew.
Is Hoid drawn to novel-worthy plots? Or does he ever just show up in a completely “normal” time/place, with no ramifications on the cosmere, shards, etc.?
He is drawn to places specifically because of what's happening in those worlds. He is there and he is meddling.
Could any type of spren bond with a person (even if the results wouldn't be a Knight radiant)? Or only the ones associated with a branch of the Knights?
Ooh, that's an excellent question. This is something theoretically possible for a lesser spren to achieve.
New Video: Antarctic versus Arctic Ice – Apples and Oranges November 8, 2012
This is the latest video I've produced for the Yale Forum on Climate Change and the Media.
The template for climate-skeptic responses to bad weather and climate news, like, well, what we've seen recently in the northeast, is to quickly trot out some plausible sounding “experts” on Fox News and talk radio, to give plausible sounding boilerplate explanations for whatever is latest in what's become, for the last 3 or 4 years, a steady parade of extreme weather, unseasonal oddities, and geophysical black swans.
As scientists further investigate the unlikely confluence of forces that came together to produce Superstorm Sandy, a prime area of interest will be the effects of vast expanses of relatively warm Arctic Ocean water that have in recent years been uncovered by disappearing polar sea ice. Last spring, I reported here on my conversations with scientists like Dr Jennifer Francis, whose recent work has focused on the effects of arctic warmth on the jet stream. In a September interview, Dr. Francis, noting this year's spectacular collapse in arctic sea ice, looked forward to an “interesting” fall and winter. And so it has been.
But for climate skeptics, the go-to talking point in discussions of arctic sea ice has for several years been, “but sea ice around Antarctica, in the south, is growing”, implying that the whole thing is a wash, the planet's net energy balance is stable, and “alarmists” are cherry picking the arctic numbers to distort the picture.
The most reliable graph of global sea ice, used by just about everyone, is easily available at the University of Illinois Cryosphere Today site, and makes it clear that for the last several decades, the general trend of global sea ice is down. To further confirm that, I talked to Dr. Claire Parkinson, of the Goddard Space Flight Center, and Dr. Marilyn Raphael, an Antarctic sea ice expert at UCLA.
The video is a quick, informative 7 minutes, and I hope, worth your time – but, spoiler alert, here's the cliff notes synopsis:
Q. Bottom line. Is there more or less sea ice globally, now, than there was 30 years ago?
Dr. Parkinson: There is less sea ice globally now than there was 30 years ago.
Advertisements
This morning, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton took the significant (unprecedented?) step of penning an op-ed in the LDS Church-owned Deseret News. Clinton has been polling competitively in Utah (though the most recent polls show Donald Trump with a widening lead), and the Clinton camp clearly thinks they have a real shot in the Beehive State.
The Democratic nominee's competitiveness in Utah is due almost entirely to Trump's well-chronicled problems with Mormon voters (and the candidacy of Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson, who also recently wrote a Deseret News op-ed attempting to clarify (read: fix the fallout from) his unbelievably stupid comments suggesting that religious freedom might allow Mormons “to shoot somebody else” because “God has spoken to them,” to say nothing of the recent announcement of Washington D.C.-based Mormon and former CIA agent Evan McMullin's independent candidacy for President). But in her op-ed today, Clinton (clearly aided by a staffer very much in-the-know about Mormonism) attempted to make the case for why Utah voters (read: Mormons) should vote for her (and not just why they shouldn't vote for Trump).
That case is summed up in the final words of the op-ed's title: “religious freedom and the Constitution.” Clinton provides a brief rundown of the ways in which she has “been fighting to defend religious freedom for years,” including especially during her time as Secretary of State, and promises to “fight every day to carry out [the] sacred responsibility” of defending the Constitution. These are obviously hot-button issues with Utah and Mormon voters, and Clinton is smart to highlight them.
But her editorial goes beyond broad references to issue Mormons care about. It includes several references to Mormon history, quotes or references at least eight Mormons, including (quite notably, I think) Primary General President “Sister Rosemary M. Wixom,” and speaks in common Mormon idiom. Here is a brief rundown of those references:
Clinton connects Donald Trump's proposed policies banning all Muslim immigrants to earlier eras of religious persecution in America, including “when Missouri Gov. Lilburn Boggs singled out Mormons in his infamous extermination order of 1838” and “President Rutherford B. Hayes? attempt to limit Mormon immigration to America in 1879.” Not only is this reference significant; the timing is too: Today marks 137 years to the day of Hayes's proposed policy.
After praising Utah Governor Gary Herbert for “setting a compassionate example and welcoming Syrian refugees fleeing religious persecution and terrorism,” Clinton riffs on the title of her 1996 book, It Takes a Village, noting that “when it comes to religion, we strive to be accepting of everyone around us. That?s because we need each other. And we know that it so often takes a village ? or a ward ? working together to build the change we hope to see.” Her passing reference to a ward—the Mormon word for a congregation—is subtle but smart. Wards, defined by geographical boundaries that ensure the same people are attending the same congregation each and every week, serve as the center of Mormon religious life, providing regular opportunities for service.
In making her case for “an economy that works for everyone,” Clinton actually makes a case for family friendly policies in the workplace and community: “That means passing comprehensive immigration reform to bring families out of the shadows and keep kids and parents together; ensuring equal pay for women; finally joining every other advanced country in the world in guaranteeing paid family leave; and providing early childhood education, so every child can reach his or her God-given potential.” In 1995, LDS Church leaders wrote “The Family: A Proclamation to the World,” which enjoy a quasi-canonical status in Mormonism today. While the document's language regarding gender and sexuality has received the most attention, its concluding paragraph called on “responsible citizens and officers of government everywhere to promote those measures designed to maintain and strengthen the family as the fundamental unit of society.” While that charge is most often interpreted as a call to oppose same-sex marriage, LDS leaders in recent years have interpreted it to include, among other things, family-friendly workplace policies and legislation supporting it. In 2005, M. Russell Ballard “call[ed] upon government and political leaders to put the needs of children and parents first and to think in terms of family impact in all legislation and policy making.” Six years later, Quentin L. Cook pleaded for Latter-day Saints to “be at the forefront in creating an environment in the workplace that is more receptive and accommodating to both women and men in their responsibilities as parents.” And in 2014, President Barack Obama's “family-friendly workplace” summit received positive press from the Deseret News.
Clinton concludes by quoting Rosemary Wixom's 2014 General Conference address: “As individuals we are strong. Together, with God, we are unstoppable.” Beyond the reference to God, the op-ed calls Wixom, who served as the LDS Primary General President from 2010 until earlier this year, “Sister Rosemary M. Wixom.”
The penultimate paragraph of Clinton's appeal to Utah voters doubles down, praising four LDS Church presidents—Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, Gordon Hinckley, and Thomas Monson—for recognizing “the infinite blessings we have received from the Constitution of the United States.” Mormon scripture enshrines the U.S. Constitution as sacred writ, divinely inspired and established by the Lord himself. Latter-day Saint leaders often speak of the blessings the Constitution provides. Clinton is tapping directly into that discourse here.
Whether or not any of this works remains to be seen. Many Mormon voters remain very suspicious of Hillary Clinton, put off by both her husband's infidelity and concerns over her own track record of honesty and integrity. But if she somehow manages to squeak out a victory in Utah (she would be the first Democrat to achieve that feat since Lyndon Johnson), it will be not only because of Mormonism's strong #NeverTrump stance, but because she convinced voters that some of her policies—and the Democratic Party's policies—strengthen those issues about which Mormon voters care most deeply.
Six hours from the nearest road, German climate money funds a hallucinogenic festival that tips the scales in a culture war between indigenous villagers and cattle ranchers
By Fabiano Maisonnave in Nova Esperança
A light shower cooled the warm Amazon night as the Yawanawá priests started serving ayahuasca.
After my second cup of the bitter psychedelic brew, the rainforest that surrounded Nova Esperança (New Hope) village slowly started to acquire new colours, formats, and sounds.
Banisteriopsis caapi vine, the main ingredient in ayahuasca, has long been used for Amazon ethnic groups in religious and medicine ceremonies. In the past few years, the 1,000-strong Yawanawá have found a new purpose for it: to fight deforestation.
“All our medicine comes from the forest. Uni [ayahuasca, in the Yawanawá language] reconnects us with our essence. It is an instrument that controls our way of thinking, of seeing nature”, says Biraci Brasil, chief and spiritual leader of Nova Esperança, reachable only through the small and winding Gregório river, a 6-hour boat trip from the only paved road in this remote part of Acre state.
It was the first time I had drunk ayahuasca. The drug, made famous in the west by writers such as William Burroughs, draws seekers deep into the forest. Those I meet come from the cities of Brazil, as well as the UK, Turkey, the US and Australia. They look for authentic experiences and are willing to pay. In recognition of the link between forest protection and a strong culture and economy, international climate money is now helping the villagers attract more tourists upriver.
Regulars users say ayahuasca feels more special in the forest than within the walls of a temple. While I can't compare it myself, it was incredible how the cicadas' buzz grew louder and closer and the trees looked taller and mysterious against the night sky. I even saw a face in a banana leaf bathed by the moonlight. With my eyes closed while laying on the floor, there was a flow of indigenous faces and drawings moving slowly amid bright colours.
I was cautious enough to stop drinking before ayahuasca starts to cause purging, a common reaction. I was done by midnight, but most Yawanawá and Brazilian and foreign visitors kept drinking and dancing to local song until the day rose again.
The traditional use of ayahuasca was interrupted when north American Christian missionaries arrived in the Yawanawá territory during the 1960s. All of a sudden, almost everything they knew was transformed into sin: the language, the naked body, the rituals and the sacred drink.
The Yawanawá have suffered from contact with non-indigenous people since the early 20th century, when rubber barons exploited their communities. “We never earned anything, we only worked. My aunts, my mother and my family were abused because of alcohol,” recalls Ubiraci.
Things began to change in the 1980s. After studying in the city and better understanding how Brazilian society worked, Bira and other Yawanawás leaders obtained demarcation of their lands, expelled the missionaries and the other invaders and began the resumption of ancestral traditions. Sixteen years ago, the village of Nova Esperança created a festival, attended last week by this reporter. Over five days, the Yawanawá perform ancient rituals and plays, including the ritual use of ayahuasca.
Outside influence is now strictly controlled: there is (unstable) internet and generator-produced energy, but churches and non-indigenous music are banned. Alcohol is strictly forbidden, and the single TV set can only be used for football matches.
The festival has become a source of income. Every year, visitors from Brazil and abroad come to the festival at a charge of $920 per person. In other parts of the year, they also accept tourists for weeklong stays.
While at Nova Esperança travellers find surprisingly good infrastructure for such a remote place, with sheltered huts and collective refuges. During the festival, two canteens offer breakfast, lunch and dinner for the visitors.
Much of this, as well as the festival's expenses for transporting tourists up the river, comes from the German-funded Rem (Redd Early Movers) programme, which is administered by the left-leaning State of Acre government. Although it follows the framework of the results-based Redd+ system, Rem is an international cooperation project, and not a carbon offset scheme.
Acre is one of the most heavily forested states in the Amazon – 87% is still covered by original forest, whereas the Brazilian Amazon as whole has 80% preserved. Home of forest preservation champions such as rubber-tapper leader Chico Mendes and former minister of environment Marina Silva, the state has had notable success backing novel forest protection schemes.
“Historically, Acre had already pioneered many socio-environmental policies, including in relation to indigenous peoples. In this sense, Acre was the natural candidate, since it had both very good results in reducing deforestation and programmes and partnerships that made it possible to make the resources reach different beneficiary groups”, says Christiane Ehringhaus, coordinator of the REDD for Early Movers Program of the KfW Development Bank.
In the first phase, Rem has disbursed €25 million to various project, including the villagers at Nova Esperança. Now the programme will be replenished with another €10m from the German government and about €20m from the UK's Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy, to be announced on 14 November, during the “Amazon-Bonn Day” at the COP23 UN climate talks in Bonn. KfW will support a similar project with larger, more problematic Mato Grosso state, Brazil's leading soy producer. Since 2015, Germany also funds a similar programme in Colombia.
In Acre, Rem allocated about €1.3m to projects in 24 indigenous lands, benefiting about 7,000 people, according to the state government.
In the Nova Esperança village, about €24,000 was spent on tourism infrastructure two years ago. In addition, the Yawanawá received €6,600 to buy gas for the boats, Festival Yawá's highest cost.
Bira hopes that what he calls “spiritual tourism” will help the village to maintain Yawanawá culture and prevent invasion by cattle farmers.
Resisting cattle in Acre is a growing challenge, according to American anthropologist Jeffrey Hoelle, author of of the book “Rainforest Cowboys – The Rise of Ranching and Cattle Culture in Western Amazonia.” Pastoralists have already moved into some nearby protected areas, such as the Chico Mendes Extractive Reserve.
“You could say there is a culture war occurring in Amazonia. It's not like a material land war with vast areas of forests being burned or the massacre of groups or communities. It's more of a cultural battle related to the value of nature and how the land will be used. But it is also between rural-urban, local-outsider, small-large producer and production for subsistence vs production for accumulation,” says Hoelle, a professor at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Across Acre, he says, you cross back and forth on the “fish-barbecue frontier”. As the surrounding land becomes overrun by cattle, traditional fish dishes are replaced by meaty churrasco. Where indigenous culture falls, so does the forest.
“Acre and much of Amazonia have been involved in this culture war since the opening of the region to settlement in the late 1960s and early 1970s. People came to Amazonia for a piece of land and by land they meant that which could be cultivated. The forest was and in many cases still is not seen as economic resource, but as an obstacle to unlocking the economic benefits derived from cattle or agriculture,” he says.
There is strong evidence to back up the efforts to bolster indigenous culture. Whereas the official deforestation rate for the Amazon as whole was 16% less this year, Acre reduced by 34%, ranking third among the nine Amazon states.
The Rio Gregório indigenous land, shared by the Yawanawá and Katukina peoples, lost only 1.11% of its 2,023 km2 of original forest in the same timeframe. All the figures are calculated by the government-sponsored National Institute for Space Research (INPE).
“Here, instead of Catholic or evangelical churches, there is ayahuasca spiritual leadership. Bira is to be congratulated”, indigenous leader Alvaro Tukano, who attended the festival this year. “The best way to preserve the Amazon is through spiritualism, which they draw from the strength of the waters, the ayahuasca and the forest.”
Republish this article
The Andrews Labor Government has released new details of its one year trial of all-night public transport on weekends.
Minister for Public Transport Jacinta Allan today unveiled the much anticipated bus routes for the critical safety initiative, alongside a new name for the trial: Night Network.
The Night Bus network includes 21 bus routes, with 10 departing from the CBD around every half an hour, and 11 departing from suburban train stations including Dandenong, Elsternwick, and Frankston every hour.
Night Coach services will also operate to the major regional centres of Ballarat, Bendigo, Geelong and Traralgon.
On top of the bus services announced today, Night Network will add 300 train services and 250 tram services each weekend.
Night Network will mean over 70 per cent of Melburnians will have an all-night public transport option within one kilometre of their home.
Detailed service information will be provided well ahead of the commencement of the trial on 1 January 2016.
For more information on the Night Network, visit ptv.vic.gov.au/nightnetwork or call 1800 800 007 (6am- midnight) daily.
Quotes to be attributed to Minister for Public Transport Jacinta Allan
“Night Network will allow people to enjoy a night out or get to work, and get home again safe and sound.”
“Buses and coaches will be a critical part of the trial, and will bolster the hundreds of train and tram services Night Network will deliver.”
“Night Network will bring our city to life, allowing locals and visitors to enjoy the world's most liveable city for longer, every weekend.”
Margaret, that Sarah Palin sure seems to be enjoying her moment in the spotlight. And it appears she got another one of her Tea Party candidates one step closer to November 2nd. Now, I for one don't begrudge her all this newly found fame and fortune. I still think she is an idiot, but I don't begrudge her all this success. I just wish she came by it in a way that didn't involve the fate of our nation…. like maybe being on The Real Housewives of Wasilla.
I hear she is about to have her own television show on the Learning Channel. Do you think she will learn anything? And when exactly did the Learning Channel become the Learning Deficiency Channel?
Well, I say good for her. If there was ever a person who was destined to be on one of those dysfunctional reality shows it would be Sarah Palin. Maybe she will eat a rat like that little one on the The View. I hope she has huge ratings and gets out of politics for good. Because stupid on television is one thing. But stupid running our nation… well George Bush proved that to be a really bad idea.
Before that jackass preacher down in Florida decided not to burn the Quran, Ms. Palin sent out a little one of those face tweeter things. She said she thought burning the Quran was as bad as building that mosque in Manhattan. Leave it to an idiot to denounce one form of religious intolerance by promoting another form of religious intolerance.
It's a damn Burlington Coat Factory. Did you know that Margaret? This building they consider to be on sacred ground – or at least sacred ground for everyone but Muslims – is a Burlington Coat Factory. Has everyone gone crazy? It's not at ground zero and it's not even a mosque, honey. It's a cultural center. And as far as sacred ground goes, we really should be careful. They have a whole lot of “sacred ground” in the Middle East and it tends to cause never-ending wars. This country already goes to war too often for sacred oil. We don't need to add sacred ground to the list.
When exactly will common sense return to America? Just how far can the Republican Party – now called the Tea Party – throw the bullshit before someone calls them on it? You just have to pay attention to Sarah Palin for all ten minutes before you realize just how deep it gets. And now this Christine O'Donnell has waded into the mess.
Margaret, it just makes me want to cry sometimes. But you know me. When faced with idiots and jackasses, I don't cry. I bake a pie.
So have some pie and a little coffee. I know you prefer tea, dear, but skip the tea and have some coffee for me until after November. I mean it . Really.
Advertisements
Tomato prices in India likely to decline in next 15 days, says official
Sharelines
New Delhi: Tomato prices, which have skyrocketed up to Rs 100/kg, are more likely to decline over the next fortnight as supplies from southern and other growing states are expected to improve, said a senior ICAR official.
Retail tomato prices have gone through the roof for more than a month now in most parts of the country and are still ruling high up to 100 per kg, as per the data maintained by the consumer affairs ministry.Tomato prices in metros were ruling at Rs 95/kg in Kolkata, Rs 92/kg in Delhi, Rs 80/kg in Mumbai and Rs 55/kg in Chennai on June 29, as per the ministry data.In other centres, tomato was sold at Rs 95/kg in Lucknow, Rs 90/kg in Bhopal and Thiruananthapuram, Rs 65/kg in Ahmedabad, Rs 60/kg in Jaipur, Rs 60/kg in Patna and Rs 55/kg in Hyderabad in the said period, the data showed.The rates in producing centres have also gone up sharply.For instance, tomato is being sold at Rs 83/kg in Shimla and Rs 75/kg in Bengaluru.The prices vary depending on the variety and quality.In the year-ago period too, tomato rates had gone up to Rs 65/kg but it had not hit this high."As per personal assessment, I expect prices to come down in the next 15 days. Supplies from southern states and other growing areas are likely to improve," Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) Deputy Director General (Horticultural Science) A K Singh told PTI.As rains recede, the supplies from southern states like Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and even Maharashtra will improve, that will ease pressure on prices, he said.Singh said that heavy rains in Madhya Pradesh and Rajashtan and other growing states have caused some damage to the crop.Even the crop that is harvested has not been able to reach market on time due to transportation woes. That apart, the cost of transporting the produce to the main mandis has gone up as trucks are taking more than the normal time due to rains and floods, he added.The Delhi-based Tomato Merchant Association (of Azadpur mandi) Ashok Kaushik said transportation cost has gone up due to more time involved in getting the produce in rainy season.However, the supplies are expected to improve in next 2 weeks."We have talked to traders in Karnataka, Andhra and Maharashtra. Harvesting is in progress and we hope rains to recede and trucks reach on time," he said.The supplies have been hit badly in the national capital as the crop in neighbouring states has been damaged due to heavy rains followed by heat.The supplies from Haryana have stopped as the harvesting in the state has been completed early and the current arrival in the market is from Shimla, Himachal Pradesh, he said.While the government has pegged the country's total tomato output to be higher by 15 per cent to 18.7 million tonnes in the 2016-17 crop year (July- June), but it is more likely that the output figures could be revised after assessing the current damage.PTI
Q: Why did Lodsys sue some App Developers on May 31, 2011?
Lodsys chose to move its litigation timing to an earlier date than originally planned, in response to Apple's threat, in order to preserve its legal options.
[Apple's] letter was very surprising as Apple and Lodsys were in confidential discussions and there was clearly disagreement on the interpretation of the license terms of Apple's agreement. Before, during and after these interactions, Lodsys has carefully considered this issue and consulted several legal experts to consider Apple's claims. We stand firm and restate our previous position that it is the 3rd party Developers that are responsible for the infringement of Lodsys' patents and they are responsible for securing the rights for their applications. Developers relying on Apple's letter do so to their own detriment and are strongly urged to review Apple's own developer agreements to determine the true extent of Apple's responsibilities to them.
While it is true that Apple and Lodsys have an obvious dispute about the scope of Apple's license to the Lodsys Patents, we are willing to put our money where our mouth is and pay you something if we are wrong. Therefore, Lodsys offers to pay $1,000 to each entity to whom we have sent an infringement notice for infringement on the iOS platform, or that we send a notice to in the future, if it turns out that the scope of Apple's existing license rights apply to fully license you with respect to our claim relating to your App on Apple iOS.
Patent holding firm Lodsys today published a series of blog posts revealing that the company has filed suit against some App Store developers, accelerating its efforts to extract licensing fees from developers for using in-app purchases and upgrade links in their App Store applications. Lodsys had given developers 21 days to negotiate a license before filing suit, but the firm appears to have initiated lawsuits early in order to thwart Apple's efforts to back the developers.Lodsys has also disputed Apple's assertion that developers are "undeniably licensed" for the technology by virtue of an existing licensing arrangement between Apple and Lodsys.Simultaneous to the blog posting, Lodsys says that is has sent a detailed legal response to Apple, which it has invited the company to publish in its entirety.Finally, Lodsys has announced that it will reimburse any developer improperly targeted by an infringement notice $1,000 for their troubles, suggesting that the firm is confident in its standing and convinced that it will prevail. FOSS Patents reveals that Lodsys filed suit against 7 developers.: Combay, Iconfactory, Illusion Labs, Machael G. Karr, Quickoffice, Richard Shinderman, and Wulven Games.
The current political situation in the Altazian continent is clearly unsustainable. The Splinter Wars have fractured the previous states that made up the Old Alliance, creating a complicated landscape of tiny statelets and moderately-sized powers, but this is less of a stable equilibrium and more of a compromise that nobody is really happy with. Right now, the three main contenders for the new ruler of the continent – Eldemar, Sulamnon and Falkrinea – are lying low, but a new war is quietly brewing beneath the surface. The Big Three, as they are known, are constantly probing their rivals for any sign of weakness, making alliances with minor players and spying on each other for any scrap of information as to what they're doing on their end.
Many of the current Splinter States are not strong enough to survive on their own in the long term and are well aware of this. For them, the main concerns while going into the future is whether they'll be able to choose the ‘right' side in the upcoming conflict and under what terms they will be absorbed by the victor. Others, though, have higher aspirations. Some, especially the states far away from the Big Three, hope to attain high degrees of autonomy by default – it is hard to govern distant places without a high degree of delegation, even with magic. Some of them hope to make themselves such a tough nut to crack that major powers would rather negotiate with them than war, whether by pursuing some kind of unique national advantage or by forging alliances with their fellow minor states.
There are two Splinter States that aim straight to the top, aiming to compete with the Big Three for the leadership role in a future Altazian super-state. These are Tetra and Abnazia, two relatively large and prosperous states in the western part of the continent.
Though powerful, neither Tetra not Abnazia are really states on the level of the Big Three. This, coupled with the considerable distance between them and the heartland of the continent, causes the Big Three to be dismissive of these two ‘pretenders'. The state that ends up controlling Altazia's Central Valley, with its vast population and industry, holds an insurmountable advantage over some so-called ‘power' out there on the periphery of the continent.
Tetra and Abnazia are well aware of all this, of course, it's just that they don't think any of the Big Three will be able to triumph over the other two any time soon. It's all well and good to say that the continent will be united eventually, but if that ‘eventually' turns out to be several decades of grueling warfare, that gives rising powers like them a fair amount of time to work with. Moreover, while the Big Three are busy fighting for the Central Valley, they can hardly stop Tetra and Abnazia from securing their local region by swallowing up any vulnerable nearby states.
The Kingdom of Tetra is a trading nation, heavily involved in the trade with Miasina and Hsan. They have a very large and capable navy, but their military is of dubious strength. It looks good on paper, but it is a product of recent militarization, making it somewhat disorganized and untested in the actual field of battle. They have an extremely firm grasp on the trade routes going through the Shivan Archipelago and the Xlotic coast, having achieved virtual monopoly in certain markets, and they are constantly pushing for more. There is considerable conflict between the crown faction, which wants the kingdom to keep pursuing its current path of vying for supremacy in Altazia, and the merchant faction, which is pushing towards a less belligerent stance that would see the state focus exclusively trade concerns and avoid entangling themselves in Altazian politics. Their main rival is Falkrinea, which is similarly trade focused and also possesses a powerful fleet.
The Kingdom of Abnazia does not have any particular strength, but also no obvious weakness either. They are somewhat like Eldemar in this regard, but with better diplomacy. Abnazia wishes to expand westward, towards the frontier states located beyond the Winter Mountains. These lands are poorly developed and sparsely populated, having been colonized only recently, but any country that could unite all this land under its rule would have quite a bit of power on its fingertips. Quantity has a quality all of its own, after all. In any case, although Abnazia claims these lands rightfully belong to them (a lot of the colonists came from Abnazia originally, due to its closeness and strategic position), nobody else is willing to tolerate naked aggression on their part. Thus, they are quietly building up their forces and laying down the groundwork for the eventual occupation by subverting various interest groups in the targeted frontier states. The current consensus is that Abnazia is being too ambitious, trying to swallow more than they can chew, but if their plan succeeds and they stabilize the vast western frontier under their rule, they could potentially become a genuine contender for leadership of the continent.
(You can find the location of Tetra and Abnazia on a map I posted way back.)
Advertisements
The recent rioting by “antifascists” attacking people who believe in free speech, Trump supporters, and actual members of the Dissident Right, has led to a lot of hard lying in the MSM, mostly blaming the victims. [ 20 arrested, 11 injured in Trump-related rallies in downtown Berkeley , Mercury News, April 17, 2017]. It's not a new phenomenon.
Outside of the US, labor doesn't march on Labor Day but instead on May Day, an international celebration of (a) Labor and (b) far Left politics, including communism and anarchism. But May Day is actually a commemoration of something that happened inside the United States, on May 4, 1886: a number of Chicago policemen, attempting to break up a riot led by foreign anarchists, were met with a home-made anarchist bomb, and gunfire from armed rioters.
The conviction of eight of the anarchist leaders has long been considered a miscarriage of justices, and is generally taught as such in textbooks. Some were later pardoned by liberal governor John Peter Altgeld, who thought them not guilty.
A memorial to the murdered police (the statue at right) was blown up twice in the 1970s, by Bill Ayers's Weather Underground.
There's also a memorial to the “Haymarket Martyrs” (i.e. the convicted and executed murderers) erected in a German cemetery in a suburb of Chicago in 1893.
No one has ever thought of blowing it up.
You notice I referred to the hanged men as “the murderers” above. That was not the historical consensus for most of my life—for most of everybody's life—but it may be in the future.
In National Review, John J. Miller (with whom we've had disagreements in the past) published a story about Timothy Messer-Kruse [Email him] a conventional liberal historian, who had an interesting experience when he was explaining the received view of this incident:
Timothy Messer-Kruse doesn't remember her name, but the question she asked in his college classroom a dozen years ago changed his career—and now it may revolutionize everything historians thought they knew about a hallowed event in the imagination of the American Left. “In my courses on labor history, I always devoted a full lecture to Haymarket,” says Messer-Kruse, referring to what happened in Chicago on the night of May 4, 1886. He would describe how a gathering of anarchists near Haymarket Square turned into a fatal bombing and riot. Although police never arrested the bomb-thrower, they went on to tyrannize radical groups throughout the city, in a crackdown that is often called America's first Red Scare. Eight men were convicted of aiding and abetting murder. Four died at the end of a hangman's noose. Today, history books portray them as the innocent victims of a sham trial: They are labor-movement martyrs who sought modest reforms in the face of ruthless robber-baron capitalism. As Messer-Kruse recounted this familiar tale to his students at the University of Toledo in 2001, a woman raised her hand. “Professor,” she asked, “if what it says in our textbook is true, that there was ‘no evidence whatsoever connecting them with the bombing,' then what did they talk about in the courtroom for six weeks?” The question stumped Messer-Kruse. “It had not occurred to me before,” he says. What Happened At Haymarket? A Historian Challenges A Labor-History Fable, February 11, 2013
It seemed not to have occurred to anyone—except the 1886 police , prosecutors, witnesses, judges and juries, who found the defendants guilty.
After looking for the answer in standard histories from 1936 and 1984, and getting no help, according to Miller
“Messer-Kruse discovered that the Library of Congress and the Chicago Historical Society had just digitized a large collection of material on Haymarket, including a transcript of the trial. He slogged through thousands of pages, consulting other primary documents to gain a sharper picture of what lay buried in the historical record .[ The LOC collection is down, temporarily—an archived version is here. [Emphasis added—all this is typical of the thinking that creates the conventional Narrative.]
Messer-Kruse believes that although it's impossible to rule out lethal friendly fire, several policemen were probably shot by armed protesters—a fact that chips away at the belief that the anarchists were peaceful. Messer-Kruse also worked with chemists to study the forensic remains of Haymarket's violence. He determined that the original trial experts brought in to study the bomb and bullet fragments had done their jobs well. He furthermore concluded that one of the Haymarket defendants—Louis Lingg, who killed himself before authorities could carry out his death sentence—almost certainly built the bomb.
Briefly, although there's been pushback from the Left: the Haymarket “Martyrs” were guilty.They were not only guilty, they were also foreign. Which means we can class the deaths of police at the hands of German anarchists like George Engel Louis Lingg , and August Spies as “Immigrant Mass Murder.”
This is supposed to be a point in their favor, in the conventional Narrative. Miller, who has shown an tendency to fall for the Narrative on the subject of immigration, mentions this, though it's the conventional view, not his:
“A group of workers, most of them German-speaking immigrants, assembled near Haymarket Square to appeal for an eight-hour workday…. In a fit of xenophobic hysteria, authorities rounded up political radicals, showing little regard for civil rights or criminal evidence.”
Good old xenophobic hysteria! It never occurs to the historian that there are downsides to immigration, and Messer-Kruze's research has led him to publish not only The Trial of the Haymarket Anarchists: Terrorism and Justice in the Gilded Age, but also The Haymarket Conspiracy: Transatlantic Anarchist Networks
Yes, in the 19th century, there was a lot of anarchist terror. And to a large extent, anarchist terror in America came from overseas.
You could compile a whole list of things like this that you've been lied to about:
The killing of “unarmed student protesters” in the Kent State Riots—the Guardsmen who fired at the rioters—armed with rocks, setting things on fire, and outnumbering the Guardsmen a hundred to one, said they were responding to sniper fire. No one ever believed them, but recently evidence has come to light that five shots were fired in the crowd. [ Not a massacre but a mistake By Robert F. Turner, The Washington Times, October 12, 2010]
The “Sharpeville massacre” of 1960, which killed 69 unarmed African rioters charging police (out of 5-7,000 rioters present.) You probably heard about it in school. It was preceded, two months earlier by the Cato Manor massacre of which you have, I am reasonably confident, never heard.
Not at the Guardsmen, it's true. They were fired in self-defense by a photographer who was afraid he'd be beaten to death by the “unarmed student protesters” .[ "Kent State tape indicates altercation and pistol fire preceded National Guard shootings (audio)" . By John Mangels, Cleveland Plain Dealer, October 8, 2010]That's because the dead at Cato Manor were police, who had failed to shoot the “ unarmed ” rioters— four white and five black policemen , who were killed and mutilated. Mutilated means, according to Wikipedia and other sources, their genitals stuffed in their mouths.
I am unable to find contemporary newspaper reports of that detail, because in 1960, you couldn't say “with their genitals stuffed in their mouths” in a newspaper. A book about the Sharpeville Massacre (Philip Frankel's An Ordinary Atrocity) uses the word “disembowelment” to describe what happened to some of the victims—but says that some lucky dead cops were simply stoned to death by rioters, who were, of course, “unarmed.”
You may never have heard of it—but you can bet the police at Sharpeville had heard of it. If they hadn't, the Sharpeville rioters were willing to remind them: “We took great delight in shouting ‘Cato Manor' … because we knew it would disturb the Boers," said a surviving rioter. [Book Review: An Ordinary Atrocity, by Leon Engelbrecht, Defenceweb.co.za, May 4, 2009]
And in 2015, the new, black South African government reacted exactly the same way to dangerous rioters—striking miners in the Marikana area—and shot 112 of them, killing 34. (Oh, and the rioters killed 10 of the security forces.) [South African mine massacre: Report says many share in the blame, By Pat St. Claire and Karen Smith, CNN, June 25, 2015]
So you were lied to about the Haymarket Massacre, the Kent State Shootings, and the Sharpeville Massacre by your schoolteachers.
You were lied in the same way about the Vietnam War and “McCarthyism”.
It should be no surprise that you're being lied to about “Trump riots” now.
The difference is that now, thanks to the Internet, social media…and us here at VDARE.com, you now know you're being lied to and can take steps.
James Fulford [Email him] is a writer and editor for VDARE.com.
John Guidetti was censured for repeating an "offensive comment" on Dutch TV
Celtic striker John Guidetti has been found guilty and given a warning by the Scottish FA for making an "offensive comment" in a television interview.
The Swede, who is on loan from English Premier League club Manchester City, sang a song on a Dutch TV channel which appeared to make fun of rivals Rangers.
Celtic had expressed their disappointment when the SFA announced the player was to be investigated.
During the broadcast he repeated a chant sung about him by supporters.
The SFA's compliance officer said that the 23-year-old broke disciplinary rule 73 by making a "comment of an offensive nature".
"We are very surprised and disappointed that this has even found its way to an SFA judicial panel," said a Celtic spokesman at the time.
Speaking to BBC Radio Scotland last month, former SFA compliance officer Vincent Lunny said: "It would appear that their focus is on the comment attacking Rangers or making fun of Rangers for having gone into liquidation back in 2012.
"[Celtic forward] Leigh Griffiths this time last year was sent a charge for singing 'Hearts are going bust'.
"For me, the problem with this case and with the Griffiths case is you've got professionals who are making fun of other clubs in difficulty. People are losing their jobs within football and it's simply not appropriate for players to behave in public in that manner.
"There are different standards between the fans and the players. The players are directly under the jurisdiction of the SFA, the fans are not.
"That is not necessarily the case here with players. You expect fans to make fun of other clubs and taking delight in another club's demise is not surprising for fans to do but for players to do it is perhaps something completely different."
Guidetti, a Swedish international, has scored 15 goals this season but is yet to commit his future to the club.
(Photo: AP/Teresa Crawford) Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel on January 24, 2017
When the mayors of Mexico City, Ciudad Juarez, and Guadalajara recently traveled to the United States to discuss the fallout from the Trump administration's immigration policies, they did not go to Washington to speak with White House officials or members of Congress. Instead, they headed to Chicago to meet with Mayor Rahm Emanuel to discuss what the four cities could do to assist families, individuals, and businesses confronting the swift policy shift.
Chicago is just one of many U.S. cities, including New York, Los Angeles, and smaller regional hubs like Austin, Houston, Boston, Miami, and San Francisco, that cultivate and maintain global relationships. Such cities all have their distinctive, economic, political, and social niches in the United States. But they also have their own distinctive leverage in international affairs, courtesy of links that imbue city leaders with unprecedented influence at a time when President Trump's views on immigration and the “horrible” inner cities are alarming allies around the world.
City officials who serve the needs and demands of diverse communities have emerged as global catalysts for innovative thinking on issues from immigration to climate change. As national leaders who have a range of tools, from diplomacy to warfare, for managing issues and settling disputes, the heads of cities rely on different toolkits to deal with things like economic development and immigration, and persistent stresses like crime and poverty.
“Mayors understand the world's shifting demographics and its trending economics, both of which are in their favor,” argued Peter Engelke, a senior fellow at the international think tank the Atlantic Council, in his 2015 analysis, “Foreign Policy for an Urban World: Global Government and the Rise of Cities.” “Aware of this clout, the world's mayors have forced their way into the global conversation, and cities' growing power ensures that the interstate system will have to accommodate them over time.”
Nation-states have had varying degrees of difficulty adapting to internet-accelerated globalization. That gulf has created a space for cities to emerge as exemplars of a new role for government in a rapidly changing world. These developments have led municipal leaders to pursue ties with like-minded men and women across borders to carve out solutions that suit their urban communities. Where heads of state remain encumbered by historic enmities and geopolitical calculations, mayors and other local officials must be more nimble, literally meeting people where they live and responding to basic human needs like water, food, shelter, jobs, and transportation. Alongside these necessities, successful urban leaders must nurture aspects of the human experience, such as education, arts, culture, and sports, that make communities vibrant and worth living in and visiting. The upshot is that when immediate concerns over immigration and longer-term perils like climate change arise, mayors are society's first responders.
Cities can craft their foreign policies to suit their aims, but they have certain things in common: The prosperity of cities depends on the free flow of money, goods, and people. Although Trump has tapped into a vein of outrage about undocumented immigrants, his carelessly implemented policies have stirred up economic fears on both sides of the southern border. Talks between the United States and Mexico over the president's proposal to build a wall to keep out undocumented people and stop drug trafficking have proved futile. Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto canceled a January meeting with Trump after the president again insisted that Mexico would pay for the wall's construction.
In their meeting this month with Emanuel, Mexican municipal leaders struck a different tone. Mexicans comprise nearly 80 percent of Chicago's Latino population, and Mayor Emanuel; Miguel Angel Mancera of Mexico City; Enrique Alfaro of Guadalajara; and Hector Armando Cabada Alvídez of Ciudad Juarez emphasized their cities' longstanding ties. Four years ago, Mancera and Emanuel signed an economic and cultural agreement to facilitate contacts between their cities. Nevertheless, the immigration crisis dominated the meeting. Emanuel pledged in the meeting that Chicago would remain a sanctuary city. Alfaro, his Guadalajara counterpart, weighed in that the current problems for both countries stem from the inability of the United States to craft coherent immigration reforms. “Sometimes federal governments are doing very little to give us certainty about things,” Alfaro told the Chicago Sun-Times.
Indeed, some American border cities are sidestepping these uncertainties with renewed commitments to cross-border relationships. In a recent joint news conference, San Diego Mayor Kevin Faulconer and Tijuana Mayor Juan Manuel Gastélum highlighted their cities' economic and cultural bonds. Faulconer, the rare Republican leader of a major metropolis, went further and declared that the two cities comprise a “mega region” based on their proximity, similar histories, and collaborative instincts. Indeed, metropolitan regions composed of cities, suburbs, and adjacent rural areas are even better positioned to craft intricate economic development strategies and respond to people fleeing conflicts and seeking jobs.
A southern border wall is one of Trump's most cherished priorities, but the major cities on both sides of any new barrier are determined to sustain the ties that have fueled their own growth and development. Can cities continue to nurture their collaborative instincts and remain engaged in the world that they have built? Municipal leaders' powers have limits. They have their own political constraints, and cannot forestall the international discord that national governments unleash. But they can control their cities' responses and steer their own economic destinies. Trump's presidency creates a perilous moment that will demand a special kind of leadership as American mayors consider how to protect their cities' reputations for innovation and openness.
Wouldn't it be nice if just once, some of the people whom Soros pays to tell us that voter fraud doesn't exist admitted they were wrong? What if government documents were produced to show at least 1,000 instances of voter fraud with aliens registering or voting in a key swing state? Would they recant?
That's asking too much. They earn their salaries by pretending voter fraud is a myth, and convincing others in the media to parrot their lies.
So today we learn that in the key swing state of Virginia, voter registration rolls have been polluted with an excess of a thousand aliens, and most certainly far more. This detailed study by the Public Interest Legal Foundation (which I assisted on) documents more than one thousand aliens on the voter rolls. It provides the government documents with the names.
Here's the most frightening part: the sample is only eight Virginia counties and doesn't include the behemoths of Arlington and Fairfax Counties. I'll get to why that information is being concealed by election officials in a moment below.
In just eight Virginia counties, 1,046 alien non-citizens successfully registered to vote. Mind you, these are just the aliens who were accidentally caught because when they renewed their driver's license, they told the truth that they were a non-citizen.
That's because of Motor Voter. Motor Voter, or the National Voter Registration Act of 1993, mandates that anyone who applies for a driver's license must be offered voter registration. To register, they must merely mark a checkbox that they are a citizen and sign the form. It's a yes-no question, and thousands are lying — just in Virginia.
Virginia has no citizenship verification requirements like other states do, so the vulnerabilities in Motor Voter are amplified. Voter ID is no solution either. These aliens are getting registered to vote when they are getting their photo ID cards!
Some groups like it this way. Soros-fueled organizations have brought lawsuits to stop states from verifying citizenship of registrants. The Advancement Project and Demos are the answers to the Jeopardy question: Who would ever be against verifying the citizenship of voters?
Another question – why would they fight steps to prevent foreign influence on American elections? – raises even more ominous possibilities.
The Virginia report by PILF contains the responses of just eight Virginia counties to public inspection requests under Motor Voter for list maintenance documents demonstrating aliens who have been removed from the rolls.
The report only reflects the eight counties that complied with the request, and only reflects the aliens who were caught. Without question, many many more aliens remain on the rolls who haven't been caught. But at least now we have the names of people who were removed from the rolls by the hundreds for citizenship problems.
Next Page: It gets worse — many of these aliens have already voted.
Story highlights Strike could leave more than 100,000 students out of class
Association: "We are headed to the picket lines"
(CNN) An association representing faculty at 14 state universities in Pennsylvania said its members are on strike following heated negotiations over wages and benefits.
The Association of Pennsylvania State College and University Faculties announced the strike early Wednesday, according to spokeswoman Kathryn Morton.
The strike could leave more than 100,000 students out of class, said Kenneth Mash, president of the association, which represents 5,500 faculty members.
Schools affected by strike Bloomsburg University California University of Pennsylvania Cheyney University Clarion University East Stroudsburg University Edinboro University Indiana University of Pennsylvania Kutztown University Lock Haven University of Pennsylvania Mansfield University Millersville University Shippensburg University Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania West Chester University
Association officials have been negotiating with the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education for more than a year. The system handed over its final offer Tuesday night and stepped away from the table, Mash said.
Both parties negotiated at the table until about 11 p.m. ET Tuesday, when the State System walked away and has not returned since, according to Mash.
Read More
A statewide, online simulcast is planned for the sold-out Davis Levin First Amendment Conference set for this Saturday — Valentine's Day — in the Kalakaua Ballroom of the Hawaii Convention Center in Honolulu.
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden will appear live via video link from Moscow, while Ben Wizner, his attorney and director of the national ACLU Speech, Privacy and Technology Project, will be present in the ballroom.
“The conversation will focus on the balance of government secrecy in wartime with the public's right to know, and the implications of this balance on free speech in America,” according to a press release.
The conversation will be moderated by Aviam Soifer, dean of the University of Hawaii William S. Richardson School of Law.
During the event, organizers will monitor Twitter for questions and comments flagged with the #DLFAC2015 hashtag. Selected questions, along with notes from the audience in the ballroom, will be sent to Soifer on stage.
The simulcast will run live from noon to 1:30 p.m. HST on these channels:
The First Amendment Conference is named for Hawaii attorneys Mark S. Davis and Stanley E. Levin. Prior conference speakers include Daniel Ellsberg, Kenneth Starr, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, Ralph Reed, Nadine Strossen and Jay Sekulow.
Image caption Police misidentified the women's vehicle during the manhunt for ex-officer Christopher Dorner
The city of Los Angeles will pay $4.2m (£2.8m) to two women shot by police as they searched for an ex-policeman on a murder spree.
Margie Carranza and her mother Emma Hernandez were delivering newspapers early on 7 February when officers fired about 100 bullets into their car.
Ms Hernandez was shot in the back and Ms Carranza sustained minor injuries.
Christopher Dorner is believed to have killed three people in California before dying in a shootout with police.
The ex-Navy reservist died in a gunfight at a mountain cabin near the Big Bear Lake ski resort, after a massive manhunt across southern California.
'Assuming responsibility'
Los Angeles police were looking for Dorner when they misidentified the vehicle the women were driving and opened fire.
A lawyer representing Los Angeles said a "fair and swift" settlement had been reached, which was a "win-win" for both parties.
"In reaching the settlement we hope that Margie and Emma will be able to move on with their lives," lawyer Carmen Trutanich said, adding, "The city will be spared literally millions of dollars in litigation fees."
The two women will split the settlement, taking $2.1m each.
Glen Jonas, the lawyer representing the women, said his clients would accept the payment after the end of the current fiscal year on 30 June, to help ease the city's financial troubles.
He added the police and other city leaders were consulted throughout the negotiation process.
"The LAPD, the chief, were consulted at every step of the way," Mr Jonas said. "We weren't going to have an agreement unless the city leaders - all of them - thought that it was a fair agreement for everyone involved."
Dorner's killing spree began on 3 February when he shot dead the daughter of a former police captain who represented him at a police disciplinary board, and her fiance.
Police say he then shot and killed a Riverside policeman in an ambush on 7 February.
In an online manifesto, Dorner, who was black, suggested that racism was still rife in the LAPD.
It was an unwelcome allegation for a department that overhauled itself after the notorious police beating in 1991 of a black man, Rodney King.
During the manhunt police guarded about 50 families, many of which were connected to former Los Angeles Police Department colleagues against whom Dorner had vowed revenge for allegedly ruining his career.
NASA had hoped its next Mars probe would have launched by now. Instead, the agency is mulling whether to spend an extra $150 million to fix a problem with the spacecraft and re-target liftoff for May 2018, the next time Earth and Mars favorably align for flight.
"The fact that I'm standing here talking to you, instead of gloating on the phone (from the Mission Control Center) is a clue that things haven't gone as well as one may have hoped," project scientist Bruce Banerdt told a Mars exploration planning group last week.
NEWS: NASA's Next Mars Mission Has Been Grounded
Launch of InSight, which is designed to study the deep interior of Mars, had been targeted for Friday, March 4. But preparations came to a sudden halt in late December after a nagging technical problem with the spacecraft resurfaced for a fourth time. By then, it was too late to finish another round of repairs before the 2016 launch window closed.
"Everything was ready to go, but then we kind of went off the rails," Banerdt said.
Last week, the InSight team presented NASA managers with a proposal to fix the spacecraft and an estimate of the cost.
The extra $150 million would bust the project's current cost cap of $675 million and likely delay other projects. NASA already had spent about $525 million on InSight when work was suspended.
"Overall, I think we got a positive response," Banerdt said.
ANALYSIS: The Dust Devils of Mars Could Pack a Seismic Punch
A decision on whether NASA will proceed with the mission is expected as early as this week, he added.
The problem with InSight involves a nine-inch diameter spherical chamber that holds sensors needed to make seismic measurements. The chamber has to be able to maintain a near-perfect vacuum so the instruments can detect motions equivalent to the width of a hydrogen atom.
With that data, scientists hope to learn about Mars' core and mantle, information that is key to understanding how the planet formed and evolved.
The chamber has an infinitesimal leak — so tiny, says Banerdt, that if a car tire leaked at that rate it wouldn't need any air added for three centuries. But the leak is too high for the seismometer to operate properly.
"We figured out what the problem was and it's not going to happen again," Banerdt said.
ANALYSIS: Mars Mission Will Drill Deep for Inside Information
Although a subcontractor in France manufactured the faulty instrument, Banerdt says there should have been a management system in place to catch the error.
"I don't place the blame on any particular agency or any particular organization. It really was kind of a systemic problem … We share in the responsibility and we're going to be sharing in the cost to fix it," he said.
The French space agency CNES would foot the bill for its extra labor costs, Banerdt added.
If approved, the revamped InSight spacecraft would launch on May 5, 2018, and land itself on Mars on Nov. 26, 2018, for a two-year mission.
Originally published on Discovery News.
Image copyright ANTHONY WALLACE/AFP/Getty Images Image caption For some young people in Hong Kong, speaking Mandarin is somewhat taboo
When Hong Kong was handed back from the UK to China in 1997, only a quarter of the population spoke any Mandarin.
Now, two decades later, that figure has nearly doubled.
But even as people get better at communicating in Mandarin, also known as Putonghua, some in Hong Kong are losing interest, or even downright refusing to speak it.
Chan Shui-duen, a professor of Chinese and Bilingual Studies at the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, said that among some of her students, speaking Putonghua can almost be taboo.
"Especially among young people, the overall standard of Putonghua is rising," she said. "But some of them just reject it."
This is because, for many, Putonghua has become an unwelcome reminder of the increasing "mainlandisation" of Hong Kong.
Read more about Hong Kong since the handover:
The social rejection of Putonghua has come as people question their Chinese identity, which has alarmed both the Hong Kong and mainland Chinese governments.
Last June, an annual poll by the University of Hong Kong found that only 31% of people said they felt proud to be Chinese nationals, a significant drop from the year before, and a record low since the survey first began in 1997.
Language of success
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Cantonese v Mandarin: What's the difference?
Even as resentment against Putonghua builds, there is grudging awareness that - with nearly one billion speakers in the world - fluency in the language may hold the key to wealth and success in Hong Kong.
When my eldest child turned two, I started looking for a suitable kindergarten.
It surprised me that the most sought-after schools in Hong Kong taught in English or Mandarin, rather than Cantonese, which is the default language for nearly the entire population.
And I was shocked to hear from Ruth Benny, founder of the Hong Kong-based education consultancy Top Schools, that 99% of her clients, both local and expatriate, strongly preferred Mandarin.
"I believe Cantonese is not valued in the context of formal education much at all," said Ruth Benny, the Hong Kong-based founder of Top Schools.
She said Cantonese families are happy for their children to be "socially fluent," but preferred them to learn Chinese literacy in Mandarin, with a standard form of written Chinese.
The rising educational preference for Mandarin at the expense of Cantonese is causing anger and anxiety among Hong Kong residents, 20 years after the city was handed back from the UK to China.
They worry the city's distinctive culture and identity will eventually be subsumed by mainland China, with some questioning if the language - and the city so closely identified with it - is dying.
Language battle
Before the 1997 handover, most local schools in Hong Kong officially used English as the medium of instruction, but in practice also taught in Cantonese.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Mandarin, also known as Putonghua, is seen as the key to success by many Hong Kong parents
Mandarin, also known as Putonghua, was introduced in schools in the 1980s and only became a core part of the curriculum in 1998.
Cantonese and Mandarin: which came first?
Image copyright AFP Image caption A man at a protest expressing support for Cantonese
Cantonese is believed to have originated after the fall of the Han Dynasty in 220AD, when long periods of war caused northern Chinese to flee south, taking their ancient language with them.
Mandarin was documented much later in the Yuan Dynasty in 14th century China. It was later popularised across China by the Communist Party after taking power in 1949.
"As expected, after the handover, Putonghua became more privileged and popular," said Brian Tse, a professor of education at the University of Hong Kong.
By 1999, the Education Bureau had started publicising its long-term goal of adopting Putonghua, not Cantonese, as the medium of instruction in Chinese classes, even though it offered no timetable on when this should be achieved.
About a decade later, the Standing Committee on Language Education and Research (Scolar), a government advisory group, announced plans to give $26m to schools to switch to Putonghua for Chinese teaching.
It said a maximum of 160 schools could join the scheme over four years.
Cantonese concern groups estimate that 70% of all primary schools and 25% of secondary schools now use Putonghua to teach Chinese.
Government bias?
Officially, the city government encourages students to become bi-literate in Chinese and English and trilingual in English, Cantonese and Mandarin.
But Robert Bauer, a Cantonese expert who teaches at several universities in Hong Kong, said Scolar and the Education Bureau were essentially "bribing" schools to make the switch from Cantonese to Mandarin as the medium of instruction in Chinese language classes.
"They're taking orders from the people of Beijing," he said. "Cantonese sets Hong Kong apart from the mainland. The Chinese government hates that, and so does the Hong Kong government."
Image copyright EPA Image caption It is now 20 years since the UK handed control of Hong Kong back to China
Those who support this view point to a gaffe made by the Education Bureau in 2014.
On its site detailing Hong Kong's language policy, it stated that Cantonese was a "Chinese dialect that is not an official language".
It caused an outcry, as Hong Kong residents certainly believe theirs is a proper form of Chinese, and not just a dialect. The bureau was forced to apologise and delete the phrase.
Statistics on language use 1996 2016 English 38.1% 53.2% Cantonese 95.2% 94.6% Mandarin 25.3% 48.6%
In 1997, there was hope and expectation that the city, unlike the rest of China, would soon enjoy universal suffrage.
But the Chinese government's interpretation of reform angered the public.
Tens of thousands of people took to the streets in unprecedented protests in 2014.
The reform proposal was vetoed by pro-democracy politicians in 2015, and today, Hong Kong seems stuck in a political stalemate.
Against this backdrop, Cantonese has not just survived but thrived in a totally unexpected way, according to linguistics expert Lau Chaak-ming.
Starting about 10 years ago, writing in vernacular Cantonese, in addition to standard Chinese, began appearing in public in advertisements.
Mr Lau said this trend has greatly accelerated in the past four years.
"We can now use our language in the written form," he told me proudly.
Previously, advertisements and newspapers used only standard written Chinese, which is easily comprehensible to all Chinese-literate readers, whereas non-Cantonese speakers might struggle to understand the written vernacular.
Who speaks what? First-language speakers in the world 898m Speak Mandarin 73m Speak Cantonese EPA
Mr Lau dates the rise in written Cantonese to greater awareness of a local Cantonese identity, as opposed to a more general Chinese sense of self.
Mr Lau and a number of volunteers are compiling an online Cantonese dictionary, documenting its evolution.
Working in parallel, Mr Bauer, the Cantonese expert, will soon be publishing a Cantonese-English dictionary, which will be available online and in book form.
Dying language?
According to these experts, Cantonese isn't dying at all. For now.
"From a linguistic point of view, it's not endangered at all. It's doing quite well compared to other languages in the China region," said Mr Lau.
But he and others worry about the long-term consequences of the rise of Putonghua in Hong Kong, especially as more schools seem to be keen to teach in the medium.
"Speaking, and writing, Cantonese has now become an political act," said Robert Bauer. "If present trends continue, children are not going to speak Cantonese down the road. It will become endangered."
Image copyright PHILIPPE LOPEZ/AFP/Getty Images Image caption An advert promoting a Cantonese Opera house in Hong Kong
He cited the history of Cantonese in Guangdong province, where he believes efforts to spread Putonghua have been too successful, with children now not using their mother tongue.
But Ms Chan of Hong Kong Polytechnic is less pessimistic.
Contrary to what had been predicted, she says, Cantonese has maintained, and even extended, its dominant position after the handover in the areas of politics and law.
It has been "transmuted", she maintains, from a low-status dialect to a high-status form that displays all the full functions of a standard language - which is something quite unique and unprecedented in the Chinese context.
Cantonese may not entirely enjoy the "prestige" of a national language, but it is quite important - and indispensible for anyone living and working in Hong Kong.
The video shows Earomirski running into the frame with his gun raised. The officer disappears from view for a few seconds, before he can be seen backing away, gun still raised. McLeod enters the frame, bobbing toward the officer, his left hand out in front of him and his right arm behind his back near his waist.
After a chorus of calls for video of the incident to be made public, Baltimore County Police posted a 50-second clip to the department's official Facebook page on Friday afternoon.
When Officer David Earomirski cornered McLeod across the street, the teen pointed his fingers at Earomirski, police said, "as if with a weapon."
A Baltimore County police officer shot and killed an unarmed teenage suspect on Wednesday afternoon. The teen, 19-year-old Keith McLeod, allegedly ran from police after attempting to fill a forged cough syrup prescription at a pharmacy in Reisterstown, Maryland.
VICE News is closely watching policing in America. Check out the Officer Involved blog here .
Read more
VICE News is closely watching policing in America. Check out the Officer Involved blog here.
A Baltimore County police officer shot and killed an unarmed teenage suspect on Wednesday afternoon. The teen, 19-year-old Keith McLeod, allegedly ran from police after attempting to fill a forged cough syrup prescription at a pharmacy in Reisterstown, Maryland.
When Officer David Earomirski cornered McLeod across the street, the teen pointed his fingers at Earomirski, police said, "as if with a weapon."
After a chorus of calls for video of the incident to be made public, Baltimore County Police posted a 50-second clip to the department's official Facebook page on Friday afternoon.
The video shows Earomirski running into the frame with his gun raised. The officer disappears from view for a few seconds, before he can be seen backing away, gun still raised. McLeod enters the frame, bobbing toward the officer, his left hand out in front of him and his right arm behind his back near his waist.
At the moment McLeod swings his right hand out, Earomirski fires his gun and the teen collapses onto the pavement. McLeod writhes on the ground while the officer, gun still drawn, approaches cautiously. Earomirski tries to restrain McLeod, pinning the teen with one leg and pointing his gun at him.
McLeod, on his back, rolls out of the frame. Earomirski, gun still in hand, circles him, speaking into a radio on his shoulder. The officer approaches McLeod one last time before finally holstering his gun and crouching over the teen, presumably as he waits for backup to arrive.
Related: Six Cops Charged in Freddie Gray's Death Will Be Tried in Baltimore
McLeod was taken to Northwest Hospital, where he was pronounced dead. He was shot in the abdomen three times, according to the medical examiner. Only the first shot is discernible in the video, which does not have sound.
In a statement released on Thursday, Baltimore County police said witnesses heard Earomirski telling McLeod to "stop," while McLeod shouted "profanities" back. On Friday, the account changed slightly: Police said witnesses heard the officer saying, "Don't do this!" and McLeod repeatedly telling him, "I'm going to kill you."
At a press conference on Friday, Baltimore County Police Chief Jim Johnson called Earomirski "one of my finest officers." Earomirski has been placed on administrative leave, per department protocol. Police say they have opened a homicide investigation that will be reviewed the Baltimore County State's Attorney.
Related: Watch the Moment President Obama First Meets Federal Inmates
Follow VICE News on Twitter: @vicenews
Listen To The Original Cast Recording Of “The Book Of Mormon”
Hasa Diga Eebowai!
NPR is hosting the very first listen of the smash Broadway hit, The Book of Mormon. I'm listening to it now and it's as good as I remember when I saw the show a couple of weeks ago.
It's completely dirty so if you're at work, I'd recommend headphones but yes, this is a must-listen! They're all great but my favorites are Hasa Diga Eebowai and Joseph Smith American Moses.
1 Hello!
2 Two By Two
3 You and Me (But Mostly Me)
4 Hasa Diga Eebowai
5 Turns It Off
6 I Am Here for You
7 All-American Prophet
8 Sal Tlay Ka Siti
9 Man Up
10 Making Things Up Again
11 Spooky Mormon Hell Dream
12 I Believe
13 Baptize Me
14 I Am Africa
15 Joseph Smith American Moses
16 Tomorrow Is a Latter Day
Check it out here!
The actual recording will be released digitally on Tuesday, May 17 and physically on Tuesday, June 7.
Image copyright RBS Image caption The Williams & Glyn brand disappeared in 1985
RBS could abandon the sale of its Williams & Glyn unit, under government plans, after struggling to offload the small-business lender.
The Treasury said RBS would instead provide £750m of initiatives to boost competition in UK business banking.
RBS had been ordered by the European Union to sell the unit by the end of 2017 to address competition concerns.
The bank failed to sell the business to Santander last year and talks with Clydesdale Bank also stalled.
RBS chief executive Ross McEwan said the new plan would deal with the state-owned bank's EU obligations "more quickly and with more certainty than undertaking a difficult and complex sale".
Financial crisis
The EU commission still needs to approve the plan, submitted by the UK government.
The Williams & Glyn brand disappeared in 1985 after being replaced by the RBS brand, but the unit continues to be an important lender for small and medium sized businesses.
The resurrected Williams & Glyn business would have had 300 branches and about 1.8 million customers.
Analysis - Time for Plan B
Image copyright PA
By Simon Gompertz, BBC personal finance correspondent
RBS's attempt to sell off Williams & Glyn has run into the ground after years of fruitless toil.
The task would have been daunting at the best of times: create a new full service bank serving businesses and retail customers, then find a willing buyer.
All to atone for the £45bn rescue during the financial crisis which, the European Commission decided, made RBS too powerful.
But in a period when banks were struggling to make profits and cutting back their own operations, the project was doomed from the start.
Williams & Glyn, an old name stuck on to a Frankenstein business, was touted around Santander, Virgin and several others. RBS toyed with the idea of selling it on the stock market.
Nothing seemed to work. Costs escalated. The deadline of the end of this year began to loom. RBS faced mounting pressures in other quarters, from fines and losses.
From the start we were told there was no Plan B. Now, of necessity, there is.
The EU ordered RBS in 2009 to dispose of Williams & Glyn as a result of its £45bn government bailout at the height of the financial crisis.
European regulators had originally demanded that the sale should be completed by 2013 to prevent RBS, the UK's largest lender to small businesses, from having too dominant a position.
Spanish bank Santander abandoned plans to buy the business from RBS in September 2016, with reports saying the two sides could not agree on a price.
'Clear blueprint'
The Treasury and RBS said the new plan would be faster and better at providing more choice of banking services for small businesses.
The measures include:
A fund to help challenger banks increase their business banking capabilities. The fund would be administered by an independent body
Funding for challenger banks to offer "dowries" to encourage small businesses to switch their accounts from RBS
Access for challenger banks to RBS branches so they can offer business customers cash and cheque handling
An independent fund to invest in financial technology to support the business banking of the future
A Treasury spokesman said: "This new plan provides a clear blueprint to increase competition in the UK's business banking market, and would help RBS resolve one of its most significant legacy issues which has held back the sale of the taxpayers' stake."
Much of contemporary fiction has slimmed down, become more performative, single-minded, and direct. Portnoy's Complaint, ahead of its time, can almost be sung aloud. But Saul Bellow's novels are digressive, dripping with intellectual and physical life simultaneously, what one film producer described to me as “high/low.” When I assign Herzog to my students, I am essentially bringing a slab of foie gras to a vegan party. Bellow was apparently aware of how his own work would taste to literary gourmands down the line. Here's a quote from his introduction to Abe Ravelstein's—er, Allan Bloom's—The Closing of the American Mind:
American readers sometimes object to a kind of foreignness in my books. I mention old-world writers, I have highbrow airs and appear to put on the dog. I readily concede that here and there I am probably hard to read, and I am likely to become harder as the illiteracy of the public increases. It is never an easy task to take the mental measure of your readers.
The first time I tackled Ravelstein, back in 2000, this American mind was as open to long-form fiction as any other and I wolfed the novel down in one Saturday between helpings of oxygen and water and little else. Today I find that Bellow's comment, “It is never an easy task to take the mental measure of your readers,” is more apt than ever. As I try to read the first pages of Ravelstein, my iPhone pings and squawks with increasing distress. The delicate intellectual thread gets lost. Macaulay. Ping! Antony and Cleopatra. Zing! Keynes. Marimba! And I'm on just pages 5 and 6 of the novel. How is a contemporary person supposed to read 201 pages? It requires nothing less than performing brain surgery on oneself. Rewiring the organ so that the neurons revisit the haunts they once knew, hanging out with Macaulay and Keynes, much as they did in 2000, before encounters with both were reduced to brief digital run-ins on some highbrow content-provider's blog, back when knowledge was actually something to be enjoyed instead of simply being ingested in small career-sustaining bursts.
Only fourteen years have passed, but it's hard to place Abe and Chick in any current setting. What do we make of Bellow's presentation of the typical intellectual as a virile many-wived, or at least many-lovered, creature, a well-traveled adventurer of the mind with butter on his patent leather shoes? And who the hell says things like “She had a sex-hex on you, so you had to be thinking of a violent death for her”? (That's Ravelstein speaking to Chick, by the way.)
I'm not arguing, nostalgically, that one should revive the term “sex-hex,” only that it's easier to write about people who are physically, corporeally, sensually, introspectively alive. In a profile by James Wood, Bellow defended his use of the memoir-novel form as regarding Allan Bloom: “Well, the truth is that Allan was a very superior person, great-souled. When people proclaim the death of the novel, I sometimes think they are really saying that there are no significant people to write about.” Or perhaps it's just Bellow's formative haunts—the stables filled with poets, thinkers, and novelists—that have lost some of their appeal, not to mention their hay. Where academia and literature intersect today, you will find a bunch of dudes in Converse and dudettes in skinny jeans grimly discussing their health care premiums in an overlit conference hall just outside Minneapolis or Denver. Few would turn to one another and say, like Ravelstein: “But can you explain what Nature does for you—a Jewish city type?” And yes, that's Nature with a capital N.
At bottom, the digressive, meandering, largely plotless Ravelstein boils down to a series of Hebraic men kibitzing on the edge of eternity. “Chick, pull up a seat for Morris, won't you,” is a kind of emblematic line. These are stories of men from difficult families, first- or second-generation immigrants, who give themselves in friendship in ways they can't give themselves anywhere else. I'm thinking of the horde of visitors outside the dying Ravelstein's door, “…something like relatives—the nearest thing to family available.” Their obsessions—Jews, death, the death of Jews—are similar. Introduced to a “Franco-Serbian gentleman” who runs a certain kind of Chicago dining club, their first question is “What kind of war record has he got?”
“As a Jew you are also an American, but somehow also not,” Chick muses. I could well hear these words emerge from my father's mouth, and from others of his generation, and for a few bunkered-in Jewish stalwarts of my own. But how I disagree, generationally and experientially, with that line of thinking. In post-Seinfeldian, post–Larry-Davidian America, the very opposite could be inferred: “As an American you are also a Jew, but somehow also not.” The fantasies of being pogrommed out of New Hampshire by an anti-Semitic militia nonetheless serve as a useful reminder of what post-Holocaust life was like for a generation of Jews who believed the ashes of the crematoria could one day fall upon the Berkshires.
What remains relevant more than ever is Bellow's take on our hyper-materialistic, luxury-goods-loving society. If this were an Updike novel, it might be titled Ravelstein Is Rich. “It was wonderful to be so public about the private, about the living creature and its needs.” Chick thinks of the French, and the novel positively luxuriates in Ravelstein's newly minted millions. There's an exquisite description of the purchase of a BMW (“With extras, the car would cost eighty thousand bucks”) that lasts for two entire pages. There are Lanvin jackets “advertised in Vanity Fair and the other fashion slicks, and they're usually modeled by unshaven toughs with the look of rough trade or downright rapists.” There's the appearance of the then-exotic Visa Gold card on which you could slap $4,500. And then there's also the comedy of physicality and decline, as Ravelstein's third espresso serré finally puts an end to the reign of the aforementioned Lanvin jacket. “I tried to interest him in bow ties,” the narrator tells us of his efforts to rescue Ravelstein's multitudes of Zegna neckties from similar fates, a sentence I would also crown as One of the Best Examples of Jewish Thought in the Twentieth Century. By which I mean it's funny, tender, menschy. It's all about trembling fingers and hot beverages; it's about anxiety, desire, and death.
But back to death for a minute. The last fifty or so pages of Ravelstein deal with Chick's own brush with mortality during a Caribbean vacation with his wife, Rosamund. If Bellow's books often have a meandering quality, philosophy and anthropology loosely mixed with unhappiness, ambition, and want, the final pages of this novel are as taut as anything Bellow has written. The first time I read them, it seemed I was flipping through the pages of an elegant whodunit, only with fish substituting for man. (The narrator apparently meets near-death at the hands, or fins, of a red snapper.)
Earlier on, we get this exchange on the subject of mortality:
I always said—in answering Ravelstein's question ‘What do you imagine death will be like?'—The pictures will stop. Meaning again, that in the surface of things, you see the heart of things.
About ten pages short of the end of the book, Ravelstein comes up with a startling, near-mystical rebuttal:
No one can give up on the pictures—the pictures might, yes, they might continue. I wonder if anyone believes that the grave is all there is. No one can give up on the pictures. The pictures must and will continue. If Ravelstein the atheist-materialist had implicitly told me that he would see me sooner or later, he meant that he did not accept the grave to be the end.
Earlier, as the poisoned Chick is himself floating between life and death, he has a vision that's perhaps as close as we can get to the image of a Bellovian afterlife: “An infinity of tables. The place made me think of Filene's Basement, where customers would soon be pushing and quarreling over bargains. But no one was here to fight. In the far distance were young women who seemed to be volunteers doing charitable work.” The vision then devolves into something more terrible, but the pictures of Bellow's life are immortalized in the sentences above: the bustle of immigrant life in broad-shouldered American and Canadian cities; the young women in the far distance, seemingly there to dispense charity. Imagine if this energy, this commerce and desire, followed their creator into the next dimension.
Or this paragraph:
On Roy Street in Montreal a dray horse has fallen down on the icy pavement. The air is dark as a gray coat-lining. A smaller animal might have found its feet, but this beast with its huge haunches could only work his hoofs in the air. The long-haired Percheron with startled eyes and staring veins will need a giant to save him, but on the corner a crowd of small men can only call out suggestions. They tell the cop he's lucky his horse fell on Roy Street, easier to write in his report than Lagauchettierre. Then there is a strange and endless procession of schoolgirls marching by twos in black uniform dresses. Their faces white enough to be tubercular. The nuns who oversee them keep their hands warm within their sleeves. The puddles in this dirt street are deep and carry a skim of ice.
I can't think of another writer who is able to reinvent the earliest moments of his life with such a fine blend of childhood recall and adult commentary. Bellow's work has always excited me because while it takes place within the two goalposts of childhood and death, neither is far away from mention. And how beautiful I find that paragraph, with its humor (the dimwitted cop), its poetry (the black-clad schoolgirls marching by twos), and its sense of danger (the fallen horse, tuberculosis, the skim of ice). It never hurts a writer to nearly die in the first decade of his life, as Bellow did. But how exceptionally kind was the universe in that it allowed him eighty more years of existence.
The pictures must and will continue.
Drawn from Gary Shteyngart's new introduction to Saul Bellow's Ravelstein, to be published by Penguin Books on May 12. Introduction copyright © 2015 by Gary Shteyngart.
Police in the German town of Gummersbach near Cologne announced on Thursday that they had seized 1 metric ton of a crystalline powder used to produce the hallucinogenic drug dimethyltryptamine, more commonly known as DMT.
Authorities said it was the largest find of its kind in Germany.
Read more: US opioid crisis sees average life expectancy in America to fall for second year in a row
Although still unprocessed, the powdered substance itself falls under Germany's narcotics laws.
The suspect, a 25-year-old male, initially fled the scene but turned himself in to police after the district court in Gummersbach issued a warrant for his arrest. Authorities said the investigation into how he acquired the substance was ongoing.
Police uncovered 1 metric ton of the powder that goes into producing the potent hallucinogenic.
What is DMT?
Dimethyltryptamine can be obtained from various rare plants and barks. Producers extract either a tarry substance or crystalline powder from these plants before mixing it with sodium hydroxide and heating it.
Once processed, the drug can be either smoked, injected or snorted. While often compared to LSD, the hallucinogenic experience caused by DMT is said to be significantly more potent, but with fewer long-lasting effects. However, if abused, it can reportedly cause permanent psychosis.
On Monday, 16 March 2015 at 23:07:52 UTC, Xavier Bigand wrote: > Le 15/03/2015 22:18, romain a écrit : >> On Sunday, 15 March 2015 at 01:15:51 UTC, Xavier Bigand wrote: >>> The "DML engine" is almost finished. This night we worked on the file >>> reloading. This will allow direct update of GUI when modifying lua >>> files without loosing states. For example if you only modify the color >>> property of a Rectangle item it will be the only thing that will be >>> updated (and binded properties will be updated). >>> >>> Once the "DML engine" polished, we'll progress on the render part and >>> the event system. >>> >>> We hope finding more time to work on it this year. >>> >>> >>> >>> https:// github.com/ D-Quick/DQuick The "DML engine" is almost finished. This night we worked on the filereloading. This will allow direct update of GUI when modifying luafiles without loosing states. For example if you only modify the colorproperty of a Rectangle item it will be the only thing that will beupdated (and binded properties will be updated).Once the "DML engine" polished, we'll progress on the render part andthe event system.We hope finding more time to work on it this year. >> >> Hi. great news. I think D must have some unifying projects to >> break through, with tools easing programming. >> That's probably not the right place to ask, but how to get >> involved in the project? The to-do list is quite old now. how to >> take part to the project? >> >> Thank you On Sunday, 15 March 2015 at 01:15:51 UTC, Xavier Bigand wrote:Hi. great news. I think D must have some unifying projects tobreak through, with tools easing programming.That's probably not the right place to ask, but how to getinvolved in the project? The to-do list is quite old now. how totake part to the project?Thank you > > Sadly I don't think we are ready to manage external contributions, because some basics are still missing. But seeing people interest already help us a lot with our motivations. > > IMO we need to finish correctly the core of the library and making it well organized to have a chance receiving working contributions. > > Once again thanks to helping us to stay motivated. Le 15/03/2015 22:18, romain a écrit :Sadly I don't think we are ready to manage external contributions, because some basics are still missing. But seeing people interest already help us a lot with our motivations.IMO we need to finish correctly the core of the library and making it well organized to have a chance receiving working contributions.Once again thanks to helping us to stay motivated.
NEW YORK -- The NBA says a foul against Boston with 3.1 seconds left in Atlanta's season-ending loss on Thursday should have been called sooner, which would have given the Hawks a free throw instead of just the ball out of bounds.
The Celtics' Marquis Daniels held the Hawks' Al Horford as Atlanta was inbounding the ball trailing 81-79. Referee Eric Lewis called a foul, but ruled it came after Marvin Williams had released the ball, meaning it was just a common foul that resulted in another throw-in.
However, replays showed the foul occurred before the ball was passed and should have been treated as an away-from-the-play foul, in which case Atlanta would have been awarded one free throw and retained possession of the ball.
Boston won 83-80 to take the series 4-2.
After all the delights of an Indian summer, this September meant one thing for millions of beleagured schoolchildren: start of term. Spare a thought for those nippers who've had to spend the last month re-acclimatising to stuffy classrooms, stentorian P.E. teachers and – if school is anything like how we remember it – confiscated MiniDisc players. To toast the new academic year, we've taken it upon ourselves to profile an assortment of some of music's most prodigious Year Sevens – relatively unknown producers who we think have every chance of making proper waves in the next twelve months. We've tried to keep the selection as broad as possible – the list runs the gamut from grime rabble-rousers to Le1f-approved beatmakers – but we're confident this bunch will be prefect material before too long. These are ten names you'll do well to remember this year. Use your keyboard's arrow keys or hit the prev / next arrows on your screen to turn pages (page 1/11)
SHY GUY When NYC rapper Le1f emerged from the Gotham underground last year to deliver his game-changing debut mixtape Dark York, his team of producers were firmly shoved into the limelight as we scrambled to hear more bonkers beats from the likes of Nguzunguzu and Morri$. So when Le1f picks two of your productions for his new tape, Tree House, and plonks them both in the opening quartet of tracks, you should probably start checking your voicemail. Shy Guy's cloudy ‘Cane Sugar' and the trap catchphrase-flipping ‘Damn Son' show two sides of the Dallas-via-NYC producer, with the latter's hyperactive hook one of the tape's standout moments. He's also worked with Black Dave and Junglepussy, and previously released a collaborative tape under the name Crakk Nicholson. Use your keyboard's arrow keys or hit the prev / next arrows on your screen to turn pages (page 2/11)
NATE FOX Unless you've been living under a North Korean rock you'll probably have heard this producer's work already – Nate Fox is the brain behind four tracks on breakout Chicago star Chance The Rapper's second mixtape, Acid Rap. He's pretty much as regular a Joe as can be, though – living in Pennsylvania and working a day job in construction, he's hoping to save up the cash to move to Los Angeles and hit the big time. “I always picture myself on VH1 Storytellers or something, like, ‘Man, I remember the day I got the phone call from Diddy. I had just put the sledgehammer down. He was on the other line like eh-eh eh-eh,” he joked to Complex recently. Pick up the phone already, Dids! Use your keyboard's arrow keys or hit the prev / next arrows on your screen to turn pages (page 3/11)
MOKONA Mokona doesn't give a lot away, with only a handful of public tracks to his name, but it's been enough to build up plenty of buzz amongst those that know. ‘Exploring the Deep Sea' and Ben UFO favourite ‘Stewardess Rush' tread a middle ground between XTC's snow-capped grime and Drexciya's bubble metropolis, while a forthcoming debut single for Templar Sound, ‘Untitled', features a vocal from Ruff Sqwad's Rapid. Keep an eye on Night Slugs and Oneman's Rinse FM shows for more. Use your keyboard's arrow keys or hit the prev / next arrows on your screen to turn pages (page 4/11)
NEANA There are plenty of people turning to the noisy underbelly of dance music for inspiration right now, and a lot of generic Blawan-alics being born as a result. Not Neana though, whose tracks blend ballroom, grime and gritblaster techno to deadly effect. He might have taken a beating in grime's recent war dubs soap opera – see Gage's ‘Yoshimitsu' – but we expect big things of Neana next year. Fans of the Night Slugs Club Constructions aesthetic should be all over him. Use your keyboard's arrow keys or hit the prev / next arrows on your screen to turn pages (page 5/11)
THELONIOUS MARTIN Though 20-year-old producer Thelonious Martin is based in Chicago, there's the definite sense that he's simply not interested in mimicking the rapid-fire style of his local scene. Rather, Martin is taking cues from Madlib, Doom and Dilla, and surprisingly (given the sheer number of other producers that have done the same) manages to emerge with a sound that's far from mere hero worship. His productions for Fiend (‘Crawfish' and ‘California Mornings') on Jet Life's Red Eye mixtape were the two unparalleled highlights and though he wears his influences on his sleeve, he manages to do so with such earnest passion that it feels a million miles from the tired backpack brigade. Use your keyboard's arrow keys or hit the prev / next arrows on your screen to turn pages (page 6/11)
LORD TUSK The first signing to Jon Rust's LEVELS imprint keeps a low profile, and his discography to date is similarly small-scale, with only a single EP (this Summer's Natural Partnership) to his name. It's a hard-to-classify humdinger, made up of all sorts of disparate ingredients: overdriven house textures, glitch-hop sound palette, dub tempo, hip-hop swing. Lord knows what recipe book he's using, but, with any luck, he'll be cooking with gas in the next 12 months. Use your keyboard's arrow keys or hit the prev / next arrows on your screen to turn pages (page 7/11)
DRUTURE Drew Kim might not be a total unknown – he makes up one half of Montreal production duo Grown Folk – but his Druture project is a relatively new venture. It represents Kim's attempt at exploring more obvious rap tropes, and from the scant handful of tracks we've had offered up so far he's on the right track. His polarizing rework of Chief Keef's ‘Round Da Rosey' is an obvious jumping off point, sounding inexplicably like a faded collision of Young Chop and Lana Del Rey, and offering a rare peek into the producer's forthcoming Chicago-focused mixtape Out Of Towner Vol.1. Use your keyboard's arrow keys or hit the prev / next arrows on your screen to turn pages (page 8/11)
YOUNG MALE Ron Morelli's L.I.E.S. imprint has pretty much bossed the last 18 months, and don't be surprised if another homespun, Brooklyn-based house/techno label has a similarly charmed 2014. No-frills imprint White Material have caught notice with releases from the gorgeous Galcher Lustwerk and label co-founder DJ Richard, but we'd say the one to keep an eye trained on is fellow label director White Male – check the rough-cut, acid-inflected All R 12″ for evidence. Use your keyboard's arrow keys or hit the prev / next arrows on your screen to turn pages (page 9/11)
GREG BEATO Beato's been grinding in 2013, and has probably amassed a more substantial release history – a split with Bookworms, a killer EP on FunkinEven's Apron imprint, and a three-track peach for L.I.E.S. – than most others on this list, but we think the Miami teenager is still at the bottom of a career trajectory that could reach some very impressive heights indeed. ‘Respect The 78' is his most auspicious 2013 offering – a long, labyrinthine piece of electro, as viewed through Kowton's dirt-smeared kaleidoscope. More, please -and soon. Use your keyboard's arrow keys or hit the prev / next arrows on your screen to turn pages (page 10/11)
TRENTON — New Jersey's record of funding its pension system is the worst in the country, according to a new study by the National Association of State Retirement Administrators.
That chronic underfunding has led to a deepening pension crisis and individual pension funds that could run out of money by 2027, officials say.
In a comparison of state's contributions as a percentage of the annual required contribution, from fiscal year 2001 to 2013, New Jersey came dead last at 38 percent. Some states such as Connecticut, Montana, Maine and West Virginia exceeded required contributions.
New Jersey and Pennsylvania were the only states whose payments over that time frame were less than half of what was recommended. All but six contributed at least 75 percent.
"This study finds that although variation exists in (annual required contributions) ... among states and other pension plan sponsors, i.e., cities, school districts, etc., most governments made good-faith efforts to fund their pension plans, and only a few severely neglected their pension funding responsibilities," it said.
The study reviewed 112 state and local public employers that the organization said make up more than 80 percent of all public pension assets and participants. From 2001 to 2013 for all those plans the annual required contributions jumped from $27.7 billion to $93.7 billion.
The required contributions were low early in that span because of high investment returns at the turn of the 21st century, the group said. But when returns fell off from 2000 to 2002 and in 2008 and 2009, governments struggled to pay rising required contributions.
New Jersey governors have been shortchanging the pension system since 1996, and the state skipped payments altogether from 2001 to 2004, when the annual required contribution called for $2.8 billion. While the state was taking a pension holiday, it increased benefits for employees.
The state tried to get its unfunded pension liability under control with a 2011 pension reform package designed to gradually increases the state's pension contribution over seven years until it reached the full annual required contribution. In addition, the retirement age was raised, cost-of-living increases were suspended, and workers were required to contribute more toward their benefits.
But the state has fallen off that seven-year climb. Last spring Gov. Chris Christie slashed $2.4 billion in planned pension payments for the fiscal year ending last June and the current fiscal year when tax collections came up short. Public worker unions in February won a battle in Superior Court to reclaim the $1.57 billion cut from this year's payment, and they've announced plans to sue the governor for shorting the payment in his proposed 2016 budget.
New Jersey's faces an $83 billion unfunded pension liability. Christie has called for sweeping reforms to the state retirement system, including freezing the pension system and moving active employees into a hybrid defined-benefit, 401(k)-like defined-contribution system.
Samantha Marcus may be reached at smarcus@njadvancemedia.com . Follow her on Twitter @samanthamarcus. Find NJ.com Politics on Facebook.
This post is part of the Stress-Less Parenting Club's first workshop. Starting February 20, Pamela will be sharing her best advice on everything from improving your kids' eating habits to teaching them patience. Here, she tells us how French parents taught her to stop stressing out!
A few years ago, I was in a café in Paris with a group of Frenchwomen who'd just dropped off their kids at school. They were exactly the sort of moms I tend to know back home in the U.S.: smart, educated, reasonably stylish and devoted to their kids.
But when I brought up the subject of extracurricular activities, these Parisiennes suddenly seemed extremely foreign. They bristled. One said her kids were allowed just one activity each, because they needed time to be bored at home. Another said she had cut out extracurriculars altogether because she found them "constraining."
You bring them and you wait for an hour, then you have to go back and pick them up. For music you have to make them practice at night... It's a waste of time for me. And the children don't need it. They have a lot of homework, they have the house, they have other games at the house, and there are two of them so they can't get bored.
At first, I bristled back. What about creating well-rounded human beings? Don't they care about their children's backhands? I was already anxious that, chez nous, we hadn't started Spanish lessons or dug into those early reading books that had arrived via airmail a few weeks earlier (weirdly, I couldn't find these in Parisian bookshops). Were these French moms selfishly preserving their own leisure time at the cost of their kids' development?
Several years, and a whole lot of research (and Parisian parenting) later, I feel I can safely say: probably not. I've come around to the French (though not exclusively French) idea that a slower, less stressful pace of family life isn't just more relaxing for grown-ups. It's also good for kids.
By now it's a cliché that American families are in a bit of hurry. From my daughter's first birthday, friends and family back in the U.S. began sending her electronic alphabet games and boxes of flash cards. (My French neighbors didn't know what these were.) On trips back to the U.S., I watched parents monologue endlessly to their toddlers as they bumbled around playgrounds. (French parents tend to sit on the perimeter while children play by themselves). It seems obvious to us that the sooner kids can pass through developmental milestones, the better, and that it's up to us grown-ups to grease the process.
The competitive rush continues for older kids. Social scientists who camp out in middle-class households observe "the hurried lifestyle" in which life is ruled by activity charts on color-coded white boards. Sociologist Annette Lareau describes a typical American family in which, "on any given weeknight or weekend day, one, two or sometimes all three of the boys have events, often at different times and in different parts of town."
We Americans have reasons for subjecting ourselves to all this busyness -- and the stress that inevitably comes with it. I've heard about studies showing that poor kids fall behind in school because they didn't get enough stimulation early on. Surely that means middle-class kids could benefit from more stimulation too? And we have a vague sense that arming kids with lots of skills from extracurriculars will lead to better outcomes -- or that they might fall behind their peers if we don't sign them up.
However, recent research lands on the side of the French. Extracurriculars are fine in moderation. But kids need lots of free time too. "'Play' (or some available free time in the case of older children or adolescents) is essential to the cognitive, physical, social and emotional well-being of children and youth," a study in the journal Pediatrics explains. Brain research calls the notion that the more you stimulate little kids, the smarter they'll be, a "neuromyth." Apparently, teaching preschoolers lots of reading and math takes time away from the things their brains are most primed to learn at that age -- like how to concentrate and get along with other people.
The French realize all of this intuitively, in part because they put a premium on quality of life for both kids and their parents. They figure that if something is extremely unpleasant -- for instance, rushing around all weekend like a maman taxi (needless to say, this expression is pejorative) -- it can't possibly be good for you.
Perhaps our mistake in America isn't all those tennis lessons. It's being so focused on outcomes, we've forgotten that the quality of the 18 or so years we spend living en famille matters too. I personally plan to spend as much of that time as possible in cafés, while my children play.
Image caption There is a continued police presence in the Summertown area of Oxford
Police have released descriptions of two men wanted in connection with the rape of a 14-year-old girl on her way to school in Oxford.
She was raped after being snatched from a street and forced into a car on Wednesday morning.
The girl, wearing a school uniform, was forced into a silver hatchback car as she walked in the Banbury Road area of Summertown between 08:15 - 08:40 BST.
Thames Valley Police has issued detailed descriptions of the men.
The first offender is a white man who spoke with a northern accent.
He has been described by the girl as aged in his mid twenties, balding with shaven dark blonde hair. He has blue eyes is of medium build and about 6ft (1.82m) tall.
He was wearing a hooded top with one pocket on the front and no drawstrings or logo, and black trousers.
Image caption Police forensics teams have been examining the street where the girl was found
The second man is white with brown gelled hair, is cleanly shaven and has brown eyes.
He is aged in his late teens or early 20s.
He is described as slightly smaller in build than the first offender.
Det Supt Chris Ward, said: "Please rest assured that we are carrying out a thorough investigation but we also need the help of the public to bring these offenders to justice."
The teenager was found at midday by a member of public after knocking on doors to get help in Cavendish Drive, Marston.
The girl has since been receiving support from specialist officers.
Extra patrols were deployed in the area amid a major operation to find the two men.
At a press conference on Thursday, it was said the girl was approached and possibly hugged, something that could have looked relatively innocent to witnesses.
Story highlights The lunar eclipse is called a "blood moon" by some
The eclipse is due on September 27; believers see it as a sign
(CNN) There will be blood in September -- literally, according to the Internet postings of end-times believers.
The night of September 27-28 will bring a "blood moon." To skywatchers, it simply refers to the copper color the moon takes on during an eclipse, but to some Christian ministers, the fourth and final eclipse in a tetrad -- four consecutive total lunar eclipses, each separated by six lunar months -- fulfills biblical prophecy of the apocalypse. (The first three in the series took place April 15, 2014; October 8, 2014; and April 4, 2015.)
In promotion for his 2013 book "Four Blood Moons," Christian minister John Hagee claimed that the tetrad was a signal being sent by God
"The coming four blood moons points to a world-shaking event that will happen between April 2014 and October 2015," he said.
The reference to the impact is most direct in Joel 2:30-31 , which reads, "And I will show wonders in the heavens and in the earth: Blood and fire and pillars of smoke. The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the coming of the great and awesome day of the Lord."
Originally Posted by Garfff Originally Posted by
Losing a small amount of FPS (compared to vsync max) would be expected I believe. In return for that you potentially have almost no extra latency.
Normally vsync introduces input lag because even though the frame rendering (using current inputs) can finish quickly, it must be delayed until the vsync interval. From the description Valve is delaying the rendering start until the expected render time matches the remaining time till vsync, which means the time difference between when your input is sampled and shown on the screen decreases.
If the time prediction is wrong, you'll delay a single frame, so a tiny FPS drop.
Valve or someone more current on state of the art game engines can probably confirm/deny the above.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
THORNTON, Colo. -- Court documents question whether church leaders in Thornton conspired to protect a fellow pastor accused of repeatedly sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl.
What's more incredulous is the reaction from the victim's own parents.
A 16-page arrest affidavit paints a disturbing picture of what was going on inside Agape Bible Church at West 88th Avenue and Huron Street after it came to light one of its former pastors was having a sexual relationship with a girl who is now 14 years old.
Robert "Bob" Wyatt is accused of sexually assaulting a child of a congregation member for nearly two years, a child he came to know at Agape and then began homeschooling her.
The arrest affidavit shows the girl told police he had sexual intercourse with her. It's an act that started with holding her hand, leading to kissing, fondling her and massaging her breasts.
The girl also told police that Wyatt told her he loved her, that when she turned 18 they could move to another state or another country and start a family together.
The affidavit shows the head pastor, Darrell Ferguson, and the girl's adoptive parents agreed not to report the sexual assault to police or social services because they were concerned with what would happen to Wyatt.
Another congregation member reported it to police because it appeared there was no concern about the impact of the crime on the child.
That whistleblower said despite admitting the sexual relationship, Ferguson allowed Wyatt to continue going to church and crossing paths with the girl.
Police also contacted the girl's adoptive parents whose reactions were unexpected.
According to the court documents, the father told police he wouldn't let their daughter talk to them and “felt biblical counseling they would receive through the church was sufficient."
The affidavit said the officer told the father, "A crime had been committed against his daughter and he was refusing to do anything to help her and was keeping her around the person who violated her.”
The officer says the father “made it clear his interest was in protecting the church and its reputation more than protecting his daughter.”
When police contacted Ferguson about what Wyatt had told him, the pastor said he “read the statute regarding mandatory reporting and feels he is not required to make a report since the information was discovered during counseling.”
The church held a prayer service at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday in which the pastor answered questions about the sex scandal.
He did not return a phone call for a comment.
A few hours before Atlanta United took on Miami in the U.S. Open Cup, I had an epiphany.
My ideal lineup for tonight's #USOC2017 match with Miami. Really want Tata to put the best possible team out there. pic.twitter.com/svYCcNr4rn — Sam Jones (@J_SamJones) June 28, 2017
It made sense at the time. Put the best team out there to win the game. No one listened. Atlanta played a team with players other than Jeff Larentowicz. They lost 3-2.
The loss emboldened me to double-down. I fully believed that if Atlanta played my desired lineup they would handily win the league. However, a colleague pointed out that something called “science” is keeping this all-Larentowicz team from becoming reality.
I'm not sure I believe in this “science.” If it keeps me from being happy, why would the universe choose to have such a thing?
While the real world isn't ready (yet) for an army of Larentowicz clones. I realized there was one way I could keep my dream from being just a dream. In the virtual confines of EA Sports' FIFA franchise, there is no such thing as “science” to rudely cap the number of Jeff Larentowiczes in existence. I could finally test my theory that a t team of Larentowiczes might be not only the best team in MLS, but in the world.
Using FIFA, I decided to simulate an entire season with a Larentowicz team and wait for the trophies to pour in.
Unfortunately, due to being poor, this experiment played out on the outdated FIFA 14 title for XBOX360 rather than the up to date and ultra-realistic FIFA 17 for Space Shuttle I assume the high school kids in East Cobb are playing on today. I'm also going to assume that the lack of an updated model caused the gross inaccuracies in the record of Larentowicz FC that you'll see later.
I didn't have the latest technology in place to test my theory of Larentowicz supremacy, but due to the magic of video games, I was able to update Jeff (looking super weird in a Chicago Fire kit) to his current FIFA rating of 70 overall according to Futhead.com.
Broken down, his ratings look like this:
The 70-overall rating is perfect. Not too flashy. Not overbearing. Enough to get the job done. A real Larentowicz Man™ rating.
The only egregious error I needed to correct was Larentowicz's mediocre stamina rating. A 77 rating might be a reasonable assessment of Larentowicz's real life physical ability, but it doesn't account for the GRIT and TENACITY and WILL TO WIN that Larentowicz shows on a day-to-day basis. Do you really think Jeff Larentowicz is going to just give up in the 85th minute and stop making last-ditch slide tackles on his weaker minded opponents because he's “tired?” I bumped his stamina up to 95.
After updating the original Jeff, I had to undertake the task of creating an entire team of Larentowiczes. It took forever.
Eventually, I got into a rhythm of churning out Larentowicz after Larentowicz like Model T's on an assembly line. But creating 18 separate Jeff Larentowiczes on FIFA's create a player function takes time and patience and a real commitment to authenticity. By the time I had finished, I had memorized most his ratings, as well as his birthday (August 5th, 1983). Getting the birthday right became important to me, as if having each clone be the correct age would somehow increase their veteran soccer IQ and leadership wiles. Nevertheless, after an amount of time I don't feel like sharing, the team of Larentowiczes was fully operational.
Obviously, there's no Atlanta United in FIFA 14, so I needed a proxy team to fill in for the Five Stripes. The now defunct Chivas USA fit perfectly. I moved the original Jeff, along with 18 clones, to Los Angeles and booted as many non-Larentowicz players as possible.
The team felt the Larentowicz Difference™ immediately. The team's overall rating increased and turned a three-star team into a three-and-a-half-star team.
Now they just needed someone to lead them. While a team of Jeffs could probably self-manage, it's not a bad idea to have a central figure there to delegate exactly who's going to sacrifice what for the team today. There's only one person I could think of with the capability to do this.
With a manager in place, it was officially time to test my theory. Would an all-Larentowicz team steamroll the league like I expected? First, the team needed to make tactical adjustments. The team sets up in a 3-5-2 thanks to a suggestion from Twitter.com.
My only quibble is with the formation. Larentowicz clones play best in a 3-5-2. — Paysoninho (@pschwin) June 28, 2017
The formation was established, and the question became one of personnel. While the Larentowiczes could fit in anywhere in the outfield, a Larentowicz still had to take over as goalkeeper.
After a lengthy players-only meeting between the Jeffs that included no less than 21 passionate, rousing speeches where a Larentowicz stepped up and claimed they would sacrifice their position and takeover as goalkeeper for the betterment of the team, the team finally had their man.
The original Jeff Larentowicz, being the Alpha-Larentowicz of the group, would spend the year playing between the sticks in a position he had never played before. If only the size of his metaphoric heart was tangible. It would have blocked the entire goal.
The season was on the horizon, and it was time for the front office of Chivas USA to deliver their yearly expectations for the team which I was sure would be entirely reasonable for a first-year team made up entirely of one pla— OH COME ON.
Welp.
They want the team to win the league. Up until this point I thought that the only people who had this much belief in Jeff Larentowicz were me and Jeff Larentowicz. It made sense that the front office who had ok'd a team of Larentwicz's would be Larentowicz Men and Women™ themselves. Full of self-belief due to a lifetime of relentless work. I knew Jeff Larentowicz didn't care about the high expectations. JEFF LARENTOWICZ SEES YOUR HIGH EXPECTATIONS AND IS ALREADY RUNNING EXTRA SPRINTS AFTER PRACTICE TO MEET THEM.
Before the season started I needed to add two more players as backup for the Jeffs. I found them like I found the perfect formation: Twitter.com
Almost my perfect lineup. Mears at RB tho. — TiotalFootball (@TiotalFootball) June 28, 2017
McCann at striker plz — Joe Patrick (@japatrick200) June 28, 2017
I had no real plans to play them, but it was nice to know Mears and McCann were available in case a few Jeffs needed to take a game or two off to do charity work. McCann was given an 800k a year salary despite no intentions to play him because real life experience tells me that's how this is supposed to work.
Team set. Formation established. Expectations sky high. The season is set to begin.
The Chivas fans can tell there's something different about this team. A tenacity is there that no Chivas team had previously possessed. An ability to play with maximum effort and heart for 90 minutes every game. The team takes on a nickname. “Intangibles FC” is born.
What follows is a rough timeline of their first and only season of existence.
▪ Jeff Larentowicz is named team captain.
▪ The press is all over the new manager before the first game. He directs praise towards Jeff Larentowicz.
▪ A Larentowicz is injured.
▪ THE FIRST MATCH IN INTANGIBLES FC HISTORY IS A FIRECRACKER!
The fledgling team gives up a goal in the first minute then immediately responds just a minute later because TENACITY and HEART don't stop when you give up an early goal.
Columbus scores in the 50th minute to make it 2-1, but LARENTOWICZ RESPONDS AGAIN A MINUTE LATER BECAUSE LOSING IS FOR THOSE WHO DIDN'T TAKE DETAILED NOTES DURING EVERY TEAM MEETING.
The first game in team history ends in a gritty 2-2 draw.
▪ The injured Larentowicz immediately returns to action following the game and makes sure to let the manager know that he's ready as soon as possible as a Larentowicz Man™ should. There is a full 18 of Larentowicz's once again.
▪ The second game brings the team's first loss. Dallas takes it 2-1 despite a late goal and comeback attempt from Larentowicz
▪ The board reassures the manager his job is safe despite the loss and intense scrutiny from fans.
▪ The video game's press corps refers to manager Jeff Larentowicz as – I kid you not this really happened -- “pragmatic.” Do video games imitate reality or does reality imitate video games?
▪ THUMPED 4-0 by LA Galaxy. Not pretty.
▪ It's getting worse. 5-0 Chicago. Media pressure is mounting. Intangibles FC has 1 point from 4 games.
▪ Heartbreaker. A 1-0 to Whitecaps who score in the 84th minute. A trend is emerging. Jeff can't score and the Alpha-Larentowicz is struggling in goal. With frustration mounting, the team picks up its first red card from the Jeff at center back.
▪ This headline happens:
▪ 5-0 to Sounders
▪ Through 6 games, the team has one point and a -16 GD. Is it possible goalkeeping difficulties are keeping Intangibles FC from their true potential?
▪ BREAKTHROUGH! After calling a players only meeting, the Larentowiczs each give 30-minute-long speeches about the value of teamwork and inspire each other to a 2-0 win over Colorado. Jeff Larentowicz tallies a brace.
The win pulls Intangibles out of the cellar and one spot ahead of Portland in the Western Conference table.
▪ Trouble in the dressing room as Jeff Larentowicz complains about his playing time. The manager would remedy the situation but has literally no idea which one is complaining.
▪ With the team's second win under their belt, has the tide begun to turn for Intangibles FC?
No. They lose 1-0 to RSL
▪ The board encourages the manager to tweak the dynamics of the team after the loss. Jeff Larentowicz loses his spot on the first team to Jeff Larentowicz.
▪ A 1-1 draw at San Jose
▪ A 5-0 loss to Sporting KC.
▪ There's more pressure from the board. The Jeffs redouble their efforts. Practices go from five hours to six, with voluntary wind sprints after. All of the Jeffs take part in the extra sprints of course.
▪ A 4-0 loss to second to last place Portland. It's getting ugly.
▪ The Jeffs are booted from the US Open Cup after a 3-0 loss to Philadelphia
▪ After picking up just five points in 11 games and accruing a -24 goal differential, an intervention is held
Jeff Larentowicz decides that he needs to relinquish his goalkeeping spot to an actual keeper
He's replaced by someone named Melia who doesn't have near the intangibles or style but does have actual experience between the sticks.
Will things change on the field for Intangibles FC? Haven't they sold out what they're about by allowing an outsider in the first team?? What's the cost of victory??? WHAT'S THE COST????
▪ With a new keeper IFC squeak out a draw with Whitecaps 1-1
A Larentowicz picks up a red card for the third time this year and another Jeff tears his MCL. He's out two months. Is it just poor timing or karma for playing a non-Jeff?
▪ Games happen.
▪ The board mentions how satisfied they are with quality of football they're seeing. Chivas has 6 points from 14 games and a -32 GD
▪ More games.
▪ Intangibles FC is halfway through the season. They have eight points. They have won one game and have a goal differential of -33. They've allowed 43 goals. My theory is imploding before my very eyes.
▪ More games. No wins. The team is grinding out draw after draw. The heart and desire is there but it's possible the youth and talent is missing.
▪ Finally! The second win in IFC history! Who needs youth and abundance of skill??
A 2-1 win over hapless Philadelphia pushes the team up to 7 with 12 points. The playoff line is just 11 points away with 14 games left. If any team could pull together and rally for a late season comeback it's IFC.
▪ They lose twice in a row and pick up multiple red cards in frustration.
Bodies are piling up. It's the sixth time a Jeff has received a red card this season, and 3 Jeffs are out for extended periods with injuries.
There are enough Jeffs to field a starting lineup, but the bench is becoming littered with non-Jeffs
▪ Some losing happens.
▪ The team has 13 points from 25 games. Their playoff hopes are long gone. Intangibles FC is mathematically eliminated from playoff contention. It's the middle of August.
▪ I'm now simulating like crazy. Despite 10-hour, two-a-day practices, IFC continues its losing ways. On Oct. 5 the board had seen enough.
The final record for Intangibles FC is 2 wins, 11 draws and 19 losses. Their goal differential is -50 on 76 goals allowed.
So, what did we learn? I don't really know and it's late and I'm tired.
Perhaps we learned that a team only needs five or six Jeff Larentowiczes at most. It's hard to inspire a team with determination when everyone is working just as hard as you. A good balance of Larentowiczes could be the key to success.
Or, much more likely, we learned that FIFA's simulation skills aren't quite up to par with reality yet. Despite a multitude of evidence otherwise, I still believe that a team of Larentowiczes would dominate MLS. The game didn't account for everything that makes Larentowicz great. I remember changing a whole bunch of ratings when making IFC, but I DON'T REMEMBER A FIFA RATING FOR WORK ETHIC.
I guess the real world and the virtual world just isn't ready for something like a team of Larentowiczes. For now, we'll just have to appreciate the one we've got and appreciate the Larentowicz Difference™ he makes for the Five Stripes each day.
US residents are much less healthy than their English counterparts and these differences exist at all points of the SES distribution ... The US population in late middle age is less healthy than the equivalent British population for diabetes, hypertension, heart disease, myocardial infarction, stroke, lung disease, and cancer ... These differences are not solely driven by the bottom of the SES distribution. In many diseases, the top of the SES distribution is less healthy in the United States as well. [Emphasis added by Next Left]
With the sole exception of cancer, there exists a sharp negative gradient across both education and income groups in both countries ... As a result, country differences are larger and tend to be more statistically different at the bottom of the social hierarchy than at the top. Level differences between countries are sufficiently large that individuals in the top of the education and income strata in the United States have comparable rates of diabetes and heart disease as those in the bottom of the income and education strata in England."
Paper-ball-tossing student scores entire class full marks in chemistry test
Updated
Organic chemistry is not the easiest of subjects, but one class at Ohio State University earned automatic full marks on their first test thanks to one sharp-eyed student.
Professor Christopher Callam had thrown a paper ball towards the back of the hall at the beginning of the lecture to review the Bronsted-Lowry theory of "donating a proton" for acid-base chemistry.
"The ball was a proton and after he threw it he said 'I just made an acid of myself' to help us remember it in the future," one student said.
Dr Callam then offered to give the entire class full marks on the first quiz if the person who had the ball could toss it into the trash can at the front of the hall, according to student Rachel Brown.
Student Vinny Forte, who Ms Brown had initially identified as "Benny", successfully made the shot — to the cheers of the lecture hall.
Dr Callam was also "really excited" for the students and was cheering with them, Ms Brown said — although he did end up adjusting his initial promise slightly.
According to students in the class, the original deal was there would be no quiz.
Instead the professor decided the class would still have to take the quiz, although the full marks would still be rewarded.
"He emphasised that we have to still show up for recitation to get the 100 on the quiz but he was happy for us," Ms Brown said.
She said she filmed the video because Dr Callam said someone made the shot last year but no-one had footage, she told Buzzfeed News.
Topics: human-interest, united-states
First posted
This 1970 Toyota Crown is a rare coupe variant of the luxury flagship, and has received many interesting updates. While still in need of some tuning and other minor work before it can be considered finished, the heavily upgraded mechanicals beneath the distinctive sheet metal make this an enticing proposition. Find it here on eBay in Brownsville, Kentucky with reserve not met. Special thanks to BaT reader Anthony F. for this submission.
It's a good-looking shape, particularly from the rear three quarter as seen below, and Japanese-spec flush-fit headlights clean up the front end considerably. The seller states that the car has an older repaint, and that there are some small signs of past rust repair, especially in the rear quarters, floors and around the front and rear windows.
The interior appears to be thoughtfully laid-out, but there are a couple of small issues including dirty carpets and the need for a new dashcap, but overall it looks perfectly usable. Aside from some small rips in the passenger's seat, upholstery is in good shape, and the headliner and door panels are said to be good as well. Check out that standalone clock mounted on the center console–OEM Toyota clocks were made by Jeco, and so it is likely that that this is a factory piece.
Perhaps this car's biggest draw are its mechanical upgrades. The most obvious of these is the engine–in place of the original single cam M-series straight six sits Toyota's famous 2JZ, breathing here through triple side draft, twin choke Webers rather than turbo-fed EFI. We've never heard of such a build, but really dig what the builder's done here. The seller also includes a sound clip of it running. The intake manifold is custom made and looks very well done, though the seller says the carbs \still have some tuning issues.
The seller states that they run an import business, and not a custom shop, so they have already overstretched themselves in this project. We can't help but appreciate the builder's vision, and so long as there are no other major issues, finishing this one out could be a rewarding experience.
The L.A. Coliseum, current home of the Los Angeles Rams, has hosted two preseason games and one regular-season NFL game, and it's already emerging as the most fan-hostile building in the NFL. Impressive!
The most notable part of the team's preseason was a pair of fan fights, sent to us by a tipster who was worried that conditions at the new stadium would be as chaotic as they apparently were before they moved to St. Louis over 20 years ago. There was another newsworthy fight for the Rams' home opener, but also a more serious problem: the stadium ran out of water.
Tipster Jessica sent us a report on the conditions at the Coliseum:
I went to the Seahawks Rams game yesterday and it was the worst experience I've ever had at a stadium. You couldn't move around the concession area. It was 90 degrees but they managed to run out of almost everything at most concession stands including beer and WATER. My friend walked by a guy having a heat stroke and they couldn't get him water. We paid $250 per ticket.
Concourses packed like the train cars in Snowpiercer are about what the Coliseum's staff expected. The director of operations even told the Washington Post last week that concourses would be cramped:
“I've never seen this place as crowded or chaotic as it was for Dallas,” Grant said. “It taxes the building a bit. We're really land locked so there are not a lot of places... for us to hide.”
Advertisement
The L.A. Coliseum's Facebook reviews are full of people sharing experiences similar to Jessica's:
According to one reviewer, people had to wait for half an hour to get into the stadium, only to be told that they'd been in the wrong line:
Advertisement
Seattle Seahawks fan Dustin wrote that concessions near him ran out in the second quarter, and also that the postgame fireworks celebration was butt:
Once again, no water by the second quarter:
Advertisement
The Los Angeles Times reported that 160 people were treated for heat-related problems and 14 people were taken to the hospital during Sunday's game. There are more reviews echoing the same points and complaining about missing entire quarters just to wait in line to not get water.
A silver lining for the fans, however: The game was dogshit and nothing cool happened.
Were you there? Tell us about your experience: tips@deadspin.com.
Update, 9/20, 12:55 a.m. EDT: Here are your best stories from the game. From Ian, a success story:
I went to the game with a couple buddies yesterday and the concession stand debacle was as big of an abortion as advertised. Left with 4:20 left in the 2nd quarter to grab waters for our group and ended up having to wait in 3 different lines since the first two I was in ran out. Continued to wait through the entirety of halftime and returned to my seat with about 7 minutes left in the 3rd... BUT I GOT THAT DAMN WATER!
Advertisement
Matt tells us that concessions were woefully understocked in St. Louis too:
My wife volunteered regularly for charity concession booths at all of the pro sporting events in St. Louis, including the Rams games. She always said that the Rams ran out of everything before half time. The Cardinals and Blues never had all of the problems she saw at the Rams games. The whole organization is obviously run by amateurs. The product on the field, marketing blunders, concessions, drafting players. They fail in literally every way they can. Not any different than the other teams that asshole owns.
Advertisement
Another tipster describes the traffic, both human and motor:
Traffic, gridlock. Entry, chaotic and overcrowded. Concessions, sorry we're out by halftime!? Protection from elements, nada! Rams fans, smack talking and booing their own team with chants to kill the Seahawks kicker! People smoking. Security, what security? Leaving the stadium, dangerously crowded in all walkways. Gridlock at the trains/busses. Complete hell! The NFL should not allow that stadium to host ANY games until they can provide safety and security for the fans!
And finally, we leave you with this opus from Lindsay, whose harrowing, tome-length account is the most entertaining summation of the problems I've read:
Yeah, surprisingly, I think the best thing about the game was the fans (from both teams) that made it fun. I must have been in a decent section because nobody got sucker punched - it was legit friendly bickering. I'm a born-and-raised Seattle-ite who relocated in February to - hilariously - an office right near the Rams' temporary setup. I was pretty excited to take advantage of this move, but something told me not to pay over face value for a resale ticket. Thank god I waited, because that was like a dumpster fire full of 30,000 sad Seattle fans. Can the Seahawks just trade Christine Michael back to Dallas so they can cut him again? I'm sure Jerry didn't even know he was on the team. He's too busy reading Tony bedtime stories. In his office. Sexy bedtime office. I digress. My friend and I both had to drive, so we just had a beer during the first half. But when we tried to get water at halftime, literally everywhere was sold out. You either had the option of diabetic-inducing strawberry lemonade, or beer. So, I went to the shortest beer line I could find and asked the woman if I could fill a cup up with the dirty icewater (sort-of half-joking). Finally there was some breathing room on the concourse - and a tree to provide some shade, but as soon as i sat down a guy puked on the ground next to me and a pregnant lady was being carried through the crowd thanks to heat exhaustion. So, back to the seats we went, noting how if there was an emergency, hug a fucking wall because your ass is getting trampled otherwise. Between this and the half-demolished sports arena next door, I thought it was the fucking apocalypse. Oh, and the time to get one beer and the saddest drink of water from a led-flavored drinking fountain? Well, we left at the beginning of halftime and didn't get back to our seats until the beginning of the 4th quarter. Now, I know they're dying to get the Olympics back here, and this was supposed to be a display of how great they're return would be. For the city's sake, I really hope the selection committee doesn't follow the NFL. Oh, I forgot to mention, at the end of the game the field announcer said “Seattle Seahawks - 3; your St. Louis Rams 9" and nobody even blinked. Because, L.A.
Advertisement
Update, 9/20, 1:40 a.m. EDT: The hits keep on coming.
Paul wants to talk about lids, both kinds:
Besides what the rest of your readers have said, the kicker for me was that they didn't have lids for most of their drinks. You wanted a soda? You either get a kids cup or 2 liters, neither one had a lid so you were guaranteed to spill it walking up the handrail-less stairs up to your seats. Or, that's just what you think because the “seats” (aka a spot on a hot, splintered bench) had barely visible markers on them and the attendant in the tunnel doesn't know where your seats are. Security was non existent, except for the Fort Knox level of security at the gift shops (WHICH ALL RAN OUT OF HATS BEFORE THE GAME STARTED!!). I had to leave at halftime, I couldn't do it any more. they were out of water, out of food, and I was out of money and baking. Also, I guess you're totally allowed to smoke in the stadium? I was choking because of the overwhelming smoke around the concourse. Security didn't seem to care at all. I've lived through bad stadiums; I grew up in NY and went to Shea stadium a lot (still loved it though), I spent a few years in DC and went to the concrete death arena called FedEx Field. I have never had a worse experience than the one I had on Sunday. I got home to catch the end of the game then had to sit through the montages of the Vikings' beautiful new stadium.... No more Coliseum.
Alex shares a horror story about endless lines:
During halftime, probably a third of the fans myself included, went to the concessions area for some shade and relief from the blazing sun. If that wasn't the biggest fire escape hazard I have ever seen, I don't know what is. I took video it, but unfortunately my Snapchat deleted it and I didn't save it. I waited for halftime to end before getting in the line for drinks, so they could subside, but they didn't. I was in line at the concession stand in front of tunnel 26 for beer and water. The line was so slow and long, I missed the entire 3rd quarter and at the start of 4Q the workers announced no more beer sales after end of 3rd quarter. Ok, so I look like I'm just getting water. After another 15 minutes, workers announced WATER SOLD OUT! So then after another 10-15 minutes, I ended up with a Diet Coke and French fries. I wanted to leave the game.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
As always, please send us anything you think we'd find interesting at tips@deadspin.com.
Please help I'm so serious right now. So my girlfriend was dry humping me with my underwear she had leggings and a laced thong. I had stains on my underwear and she thought it went through but her pants were dry so were my underwear. But she has been having cramps and stuff and she's been peeing a lot and...
Please help I'm so serious right now. So my girlfriend was dry humping me with my underwear she had leggings and a laced thong. I had stains on my underwear and she thought it went through but her pants were dry so were my underwear. But she has been having cramps and stuff and she's been peeing a lot and she hasn't gotten her period this month. So right now I'm really scared. CAN SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ME?
next Image 1 of 3
prev next Image 2 of 3
prev Image 3 of 3
Comedy legend Sid Caesar has died at the age of 91 after a brief illness, family spokesman Eddy Friedfeld said.
His former colleague Carl Reiner's assistant told FOX411 that Caesar "passed away at his home this morning."
Caesar hosted 'Your Show of Shows' with partner Imogene Coca in the early 1950s, and did "Caesar's Hour" solo from 1954-57. The shows were huge hits, and became breeding grounds for young comedy writers, including Reiner, Mel Brooks, Woody Allen, and Neil Simon.
"The one great star that television created and who created television was Sid Caesar," said critic Joel Siegel on the TV documentary "Hail Sid Caesar! The Golden Age Of Comedy," which first aired in 2001.
While best known for his TV shows, which have been revived on DVD in recent years, he also had success on Broadway and occasional film appearances, notably in "It's a Mad Mad World."
If the typical funnyman was tubby or short and scrawny, Caesar was tall and powerful, with a clown's loose limbs and rubbery face, and a trademark mole on his left cheek.
But Caesar never went in for clowning or jokes. He wasn't interested. He insisted that the laughs come from the everyday.
"Real life is the true comedy," he said in a 2001 interview with The Associated Press. "Then everybody knows what you're talking about." Caesar brought observational comedy to TV before the term, or such latter-day practitioners as Jerry Seinfeld, were even born.
In one celebrated routine, Caesar impersonated a gumball machine; in another, a baby; in another, a ludicrously overemotional guest on a parody of "This Is Your Life."
He played an unsuspecting moviegoer getting caught between feuding lovers in a theater. He dined at a health food restaurant, where the first course was the bouquet in the vase on the table. He was interviewed as an avant-garde jazz musician who seemed happily high on something.
The son of Jewish immigrants, Caesar was a wizard at spouting melting-pot gibberish that parodied German, Russian, French and other languages. His Professor was the epitome of goofy Germanic scholarship.
Some compared him to Charlie Chaplin for his success at combining humor with touches of pathos.
"As wild an idea as you get, it won't go over unless it has a believable basis to start off with," he told The Associated Press in 1955. "The viewers have to see you basically as a person first, and after that you can go on into left field."
Caesar performed with such talents as Howard Morris and Nanette Fabray, but his most celebrated collaborator was the brilliant Coca, his "Your Show of Shows" co-star.
Coca and Caesar performed skits that satirized the everyday -- marital spats, inane advertising, strangers meeting and speaking in cliches, a parody of the Western "Shane" in which the hero was "Strange." They staged a water-logged spoof of the love scene in "From Here to Eternity." "The Hickenloopers" husband-and-wife skits became a staple.
"The chemistry was perfect, that's all," Coca, who died in 2001, once said. "We never went out together; we never see each other socially. But for years we worked together from 10 in the morning to 6 or 7 at night every day of the week. What made it work is that we found the same things funny."
Caesar worked closely with his writing staff as they found inspiration in silent movies, foreign films and the absurdities of `50s postwar prosperity.
Among those who wrote for Caesar: Mel Brooks, Larry Gelbart, Simon and his brother Danny Simon, and Allen, who was providing gags to Caesar and other entertainers while still in his teens.
Carl Reiner, who wrote in addition to performing on the show, based his "Dick Van Dyke Show" -- with its fictional TV writers and their temperamental star -- on his experiences there. Simon's 1993 "Laughter on the 23rd Floor" and the 1982 movie "My Favorite Year" also were based on the Caesar show.
A 1996 roundtable discussion among Caesar and his writers was turned into a public television special. Said Simon, the Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright: "None of us who've gone on to do other things could have done them without going through this show."
"This was playing for the Yankees; this was playing in Duke Ellington's band," said Gelbart, the creator of TV's "M-A-S-H" and screenwriter of "Tootsie," who died in 2009.
Increasing ratings competition from Lawrence Welk's variety show put "Caesar's Hour" off the air in 1957.
In 1962, Caesar starred on Broadway in the musical "Little Me," written by Simon, and was nominated for a Tony. He played seven different roles, from a comically perfect young man to a tyrannical movie director to a prince of an impoverished European kingdom.
"The fact that, night after night, they are also excruciatingly funny is a tribute to the astonishing talents of their portrayer," Newsweek magazine wrote. "In comedy, Caesar is still the best there is."
His and Coca's classic TV work captured a new audience with the 1973 theatrical compilation film "Ten From Your Show of Shows."
He was one of the galaxy of stars who raced to find buried treasure in the 1963 comic epic "It's a Mad Mad World," and in 1976 he put his pantomime skills to work in Brooks' "Silent Movie."
But he later looked back on those years as painful ones. He said he beat a severe, decades-long barbiturate and alcohol habit in 1978, when he was so low he considered suicide. "I had to come to terms with myself. `Yes or no? Do you want to live or die?"' Deciding that he wanted to live, he recalled, was "the first step on a long journey."
Caesar was born in 1922 in Yonkers, N.Y., the third son of an Austrian-born restaurant owner and his Russian-born wife. His first dream was to become a musician, and he played saxophone in bands in his teens.
But as a youngster waiting tables at his father's luncheonette, he liked to observe as well as serve the diverse clientele, and recognize the humor happening before his eyes.
His talent for comedy was discovered when he was serving in the Coast Guard during World War II and got a part in a Coast Guard musical, "Tars and Spars." He also appeared in the movie version. Wrote famed columnist Hedda Hopper: "I hear the picture's good, with Sid Caesar a four-way threat. He writes, sings, dances and makes with the comedy."
That led to a few other film roles, nightclub engagements, and then his breakthrough hit, a 1948 Broadway revue called "Make Mine Manhattan."
His first TV comedy-variety show, "The Admiral Broadway Revue," premiered in February 1949. But it was off the air by June. Its fatal shortcoming: unimagined popularity. It was selling more Admiral television sets than the company could make, and Admiral, its exclusive sponsor, pulled out.
But everyone was ready for Caesar's subsequent efforts. "Your Show of Shows," which debuted in February 1950, and "Caesar's Hour" three years later reached as many as 60 million viewers weekly and earned its star $1 million annually at a time when $5, he later noted, bought a steak dinner for two.
When "Caesar's Hour" left the air in 1957, Caesar was only 34. But the unforgiving cycle of weekly television had taken a toll: His reliance on booze and pills for sleep every night so he could wake up and create more comedy.
It took decades for him to hit bottom. In 1977, he was onstage in Regina, Canada, doing Simon's "The Last of the Red Hot Lovers" when, suddenly, his mind went blank. He walked off stage, checked into a hospital and went cold turkey. Recovery had begun, with the help of wife Florence Caesar, who would be by his side for more than 60 years and helped him weather his demons.
Those demons included remorse about the flared-out superstardom of his youth -- and how the pressures nearly killed him. But over time he learned to view his life philosophically.
"You think just because something good happens, THEN something bad has got to happen? Not necessarily," he said with a smile in 2003, pleased to share his hard-won wisdom: "Two good things have happened in a row."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
who I Am
I'm a composer and I've been working in the audio industry for about ten years. My first instrument was the guitar around the age of 17. When I started playing drums, I knew I wanted to spend the rest of my life doing it. My first job was as a sound engineer in a studio, recording and mixing bands. I also played drums in a lot of bands.
Now I'm focused on composing soundtracks and doing sound effects. For the past six years, I've worked a lot with games, which I love. I'm also open to working in different kinds of media, including animation and film.
I have a sound engineering degree from Estácio de Sá, and a degree in Music for TV and Cinema from the Brazilian Conservatory of Music.
Caramel color is added to many widely-consumed beverages as a colorant. Consumers of these beverages can be exposed to 4-methylimidazole (4-MEI), a potential carcinogen formed during its manufacture. California's Proposition 65 law requires that beverages containing 4-MEI concentrations corresponding to exposures that pose excess cancer risks > 1 case per 100,000 exposed persons (29 μg 4-MEI/day) carry warning labels. Using ultrahigh-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry, we assessed 4-MEI concentrations in 12 beverages purchased in California and a geographically distant metropolitan area (New York) in which warning labels are not required. In addition, we characterized beverage consumption by age and race/ethnicity (using weighted means calculated from logistic regressions) and assessed 4-MEI exposure and resulting cancer risks and US population cancer burdens attributable to beverage consumption. Data on beverage consumption were obtained from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, dose-response data for 4-MEI were obtained from the California Environmental Protection Agency Office of Environmental Health Hazards Assessment, and data on population characteristics were obtained from the U.S. Census Bureau. Of the 12 beverages, Malta Goya had the highest 4-MEI concentration (915.8 to 963.3μg/L), lifetime average daily dose (LADD - 8.04x10-3 mg/kgBW-day), lifetime excess cancer risk (1.93x10-4) and burden (5,011 cancer cases in the U.S. population over 70 years); Coca-Cola had the lowest value of each (4-MEI: 9.5 to 11.7μg/L; LADD: 1.01x10-4 mg/kgBW-day; risk: 1.92x10-6; and burden: 76 cases). 4-MEI concentrations varied considerably by soda and state/area of purchase, but were generally consistent across lots of the same beverage purchased in the same state/area. Routine consumption of certain beverages can result in 4-MEI exposures > 29 μg/day. State regulatory standards appear to have been effective in reducing exposure to carcinogens in some beverages. Federal regulation of 4-MEI in caramel color may be appropriate.
Oct.24 (GMM) Gerhard Berger thinks Sebastian Vettel is the best driver on the grid today, while Bernie Ecclestone says the German might be F1's all-time great.
If Fernando Alonso fails to finish either first or second in India on Sunday, Red Bull's Vettel will be guaranteed his fourth consecutive drivers' title.
Bild newspaper said the 26-year-old will scoop a EUR 5 million title-winning bonus, while each Red Bull employee will go home with an extra EUR 12,500 in their regular pay.
Berger, who was the team boss at Toro Rosso when Vettel won his first ever Grand Prix in 2008, thinks the German is now the class of the field.
"I have always put Vettel behind Alonso," he told APA news agency, "but I think at the moment Alonso is focused too much on himself, becoming unstable.
Ayrton Senna Photo by: XPB Images
"So while he is occupied with himself, Vettel gets one title after the next," added former Ferrari and McLaren driver Berger.
"I think Vettel is clearly the best driver in Formula One now."
Michael Schumacher agrees that Alonso has done himself no favours recently.
"He put himself on a path of stones," the seven time world champion told Bild newspaper, without elaborating.
"Things have happened that were not constructive," the former Ferrari driver added, still referring to Alonso.
Red Bull team boss Christian Horner would not disagree, saying the fate of Vettel's teammate Mark Webber over the past few years proves Vettel's class.
"Mark Webber is a very good driver," he is quoted by Spox.
"Before Vettel came into the team, his (Webber's) reputation was as a future champion. But this year in qualifying, Sebastian Vettel has beaten Mark 14 times and won nine times.
"If it was all about the car, we would be first and second in the drivers' championship, but we are not," Horner insisted.
"For me, he is now on par with Juan Manuel Fangio, Jim Clark, Jackie Stewart, Ayrton Senna, Alain Prost and Michael Schumacher," Horner added.
F1 chief executive Ecclestone thinks Vettel is even better than that.
"People don't know how many titles Senna would have won," he told Bloomberg, "but Vettel is probably the best we've had."
Ecclestone admitted Vettel's dominance has hurt TV ratings slightly.
"People complain about him winning everything," he said, "but the racing is good.
"It's a bit like with Roger Federer or Muhammad Ali," he explained. "Vettel is the best there is and people want to be there when he gets beat."
Vettel, however, has not been a universally popular figure this year, but Schumacher thinks that is more Red Bull's fault than his.
"If you win with a traditional team, a brand full of emotion and history, that is the ultimate.
"And that would certainly change one or two things in his (Vettel's) situation," said the great German.
"Whether he would have had the same successes with Ferrari," Schumacher acknowledged, "is a different sheet of paper."
The deceased suspect in a rural high school shooting in Texas this morning did not fit the common profile we've come to expect of a young male loner.
A 14-year-old female student died of what appears to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound at Alpine High School in Alpine, TX, according to Brewster County Sheriff Ronnie Dodson. The shooter – a female student at the school – turned the gun on herself after shooting another student in the lower extremities, Dodson told radio station KVLF. It is not confirmed if the injured student is male or female, but is at Big Bend Regional Medical Center. No names have been released at this time. The marketing director at the hospital confirmed that two people were taken to the medical center as a result of the shooting and that one patient was treated and transferred and one was treated and released. A federal officer was injured when another officer's gun discharged and has been taken to the hospital. Sheriff Ronny Dodson with the Brewster County Sheriff's Office said they recovered a semi-automatic pistol next to the female student shooter's body. He also said they found plenty of ammunition but didn't say how much. Alpine police took the call about 9:25 a.m. CT, and the sheriff's department was first on the scene. Dodson said that the initial investigation indicates about five shots were fired in the school. Dodson also said the female student shooter had only lived in Alpine for the last six months. He said he knows their grandparents. Talking to them, the grandparents said she was a straight A student and there were no indications of any problems.
Sheriff Dodson confirmed that the suspect shot a fellow female student, and the wounded victim then ran from the bathroom. The shooter then took her own life.
A Brewster County Sheriff's deputy on routine patrol happened to be just outside the school when the incident occurred, entered the building nearest where the shooting took place, and discovered the deceased suspect and secured her firearm within minutes of the original 911 calls.
At some point after the exact scene of the shooting had been secured by the deputy but before it was confirmed that there was only one suspect, other law enforcement officers from other agencies flooded the building in order to ensure the safety of the faculty, staff, and students.
At some point during the clearing of the rest of the school, a Homeland Security officer was “accidentally” shot in the leg by a U.S. Marshal.
Sheriff Dodson has not said whether this second shooting incident during the clearing of the school was a negligent discharge by a Marshal who failed to keep his finger off the trigger (a “rule 3” safety violation), or if this was an intentional discharge by the Marshal who perceived the Homeland Security officer as a threat (a “rule 4” safety violation).
Complicating this two-part incident for Brewster County law enforcement was a pair of bomb threats called in after the shooting to a local hospital and Sul Ross State University by a male caller apparently hoping to sow chaos after the shooting incidents at the school, as well a written threat left at a hotel in another part of the county.
Doctors have long known that heavy alcohol consumption increases the risk of stroke, but new research suggests that it's even more of a factor in middle-age than previously thought. A study published in the journal Stroke this week says that consuming more than two alcoholic drinks a day on average increases the stroke risk for individuals in their 50s and 60s more than traditional factors like high blood pressure and diabetes.
The study examined more than 11,000 twins from the Swedish Twin Registry, sorting them into the categories of non-drinkers, light drinkers, moderate drinkers or heavy drinkers based on a questionnaire issued in 1967. Non-drinkers were excluded from the study as they might have been alcoholics who later gave up. Light drinkers were classified as those that had less than half a drink a day on average while heavy drinkers had more than two drinks a day. Moderate drinkers fell in between these two poles.
Heavy drinkers were 34 percent more likely to suffer a stroke than light drinkers
The researchers reported that after controlling for factors including diabetes, high blood pressure, smoking, exercise, and weight, individuals that were heavy drinkers in their middle age were 34 percent more likely to suffer a stroke than their light-drinking peers. However, for individuals between the ages of 75 and 80, blood pressure was the greatest factor, and for those older than 80, diabetes mattered most.
"The main message is that for people in middle age it's harmful to drink more than two drinks of alcohol a day," says Pavla Kadlecová, a statistician who worked on the study. Kadlecová notes that as the study looked at twins it also controlled for genetic and lifestyle factors, although it did not take into account how twins' lifestyles might diverge after a young age.
The study might underestimate the risk posed by alcohol
"They're making the important point that in relative terms alcohol is a more important risk factor for people in middle age than high blood pressure or diabetes," says Jonathan Mant, a professor at the University of Cambridge's Primary Care Unit and an expert in stroke prevention. "And in relative terms it seems to match smoking very closely."
However, as the measure of alcohol consumption in the study only came from a single questionnaire, the researchers might have even underestimated the risk says Mant. "If the truth is that there is genuinely a link between alcohol consumption and strokes and you have a very good way of measuring alcohol consumption then you will detect that link. If you have a very bad measure of alcohol consumption then you will underestimate the association."
Spoiler alert! If you haven't yet watched this week's episode of Justified, “The Toll” written by Benjamin Cavell and directed by Jon Avnet, stop reading now. As he'll do throughout the season, showrunner Graham Yost takes us inside the writers room. An additional warning this week for fans of The Good Wife: the big twist in that show's March 23 episode is referenced, twice.
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: We have to start with Picker's death, which was as surprising as Danny's death last episode though not quite as funny. At their meeting with Wynn and Katherine, Boyd tossed Picker a pack of smokes — and blew him up.
GRAHAM YOST: I'm gonna back up a little: So we spent a lot of money this season, and we spent more money than we are budgeted. (Laughs) So after episode 7 or so, we knew we needed to at least have one big savings episode, so I asked my friend Jon Avnet if we gave him a script that was contained, could he shoot it in six days instead of seven. And he said, “Sure.” And then Cavell wrote it, and that was our savings episode, and yet it has a gunfight and a guy blowing up. So it ended up not feeling like it was a bottle show, as we call it in the trade. But [back to the question], we knew we wanted Boyd to go into a situation that was very dangerous and that he was going into it thinking that he might not come out. Or at least have the audience think that. It was a question of, what trick can he pull? We toyed with an idea that he'd bribed housekeeping to hide a gun under the cushions of the chair. We thought this, that, the other thing. Then I just had the idea of Boyd likes to make money and blow s–t up. So yeah, I came up with that idea. Then it meant going back and establishing that he was smoking a cigarette earlier in the episode [when Teri propositioned him]. We just wanted Boyd to do something dramatic and have this scene with Katherine Hale (Mary Steenburgen), and have it just be this, “Holy s–t!” kind of moment. And nothing against John Kapelos, who we loved, but he isn't Josh Charles. So there you go.
It blew up his stomach.
We wanted it to be momentarily grisly. We debated in the cut how much we were gonna show of it. There's a side shot of him actually exploding, which is a dummy with John Kapelos' head grafted digitally onto it, and then there's the aftermath shot head on.
I loved that Jimmy and Carl had been willing to follow Boyd to that meeting, if he'd have let them go. He was nervous in front of them, but especially during part 2 of the meet, Boyd seemed so calm and cool.
We go back and forth on this: Will Boyd ever be in a situation where he doesn't have some kind of upper hand? We had various versions of this where he wasn't quite so in control, but we ended up with this version. The goal of it was that Katherine's supposed to make an assessment. It's set up in the previous episode, “You're between a Detroit rock and a s–tkicker hard place.” As much as Picker thinks that Katherine is there to help Duffy figure out that he's got to kill Boyd, it's supposed to be that there's a choice. We just liked the idea of Boyd making the choice for them, and doing it in such an impressive way that it would get Katherine's attention. Like, “Wow, this is a guy you want to be in business with. He just blew someone up in front of us.”
That leads to the next question: Where does this leave Boyd? He runs out — leaving Katherine, Wynn, and Mikey covered in Picker's blood — offering Wynn half of his half of the heroin if they can go their separate ways. Is that where we're headed, or are you saying she'll recommend Duffy stay in business with Boyd?
Well, you'll see. As you can see with Boyd's relationship with Ava and her calling that off, and he's in this horrible situation, he's kind of lost a little bit of zest. But he doesn't exhibit that in terms of depression, it's more sort of anger and frustration. There's a scene in the season finale that gives a hint of where things are headed.
I also enjoyed that scene between Katherine and Vasquez, where you set up their history and the fact that he considers her worse than her dead husband.
And that both he and Rachel have something very personal invested. There is more stuff with Vasquez and Rachel [to come].
Now let's talk about Art: At what point in the season did you know he'd get shot?
Just when Nick [Searcy] was back-talking us. “Nick, stop with the back-talk or you're gonna get shot.” No. (Laughs) We decided pretty early on that that would be a big pivot point. It's one thing for the Crowes to be annoying and Raylan to be responsible for them having come up from Florida, but what would actually get it into Raylan's mind that, “That's it. Something has to be done, and I've got to do it.” Given the fracture in the relationship between Raylan and Art, we thought nothing would be stronger for Raylan than something happening to Art. And we also thought it would just give Nick a real badass moment [when he protects Allison and fires at a shooter outside her place].
Will we find out Art's fate in the next episode?
I'm not gonna be coy about that. He doesn't die. You don't see him in the next episode, but you do in the finale.
I liked that Allison and Art had gotten along so well as she was packing, before he was shot.
Amy [Smart] is so great, and Nick is, too. It's just that sense of characters on this show who've got to deal with Raylan being able to get together and look at each other and shake their heads and go, “Raylan.” There was a natural bond.
We got to meet Art's wife (Leslie Riley). As Raylan drove her to the hospital, she reinforced a theme of the season, which is where Raylan really belongs.
Art's wife is actually Nick's wife. Leslie is Leslie. We had a scene that we scripted back in the sixth episode, the one where Art punches Raylan, that took place before the punch where Art and Leslie are driving somewhere and she's annoyed with him because he's so fraught over the whole Raylan thing. We decided to take it out because we just felt like the punch was the most important thing in that teaser, let's not mess with it.
Theo Tonin fingered Picker as Art's shooter to get him back for killing his son Sammy. But Picker told Raylan he'd heard it was Darryl. Wendy was supposedly arranging for Darryl to turn himself in to Raylan. But when Raylan showed up at the motel, all he found was Wendy bruised from her fight with Darryl last episode.
Here's the big thing: Due to actor availability, during the period we were shooting this episode, we couldn't have AJ Buckley (Danny) or Damon Herriman (Dewey). We couldn't use them. So not only did we have to shoot in six days, but we had to shoot it before we shot the tenth episode, where Danny dies and Dewey's racing around with the drugs trying to sell them. Which is all fine, except for one big thing, which is Darryl beats the crap out of Wendy at the end of 10. So the makeup department had to come up with a plan that would work with the director on 10, John Dahl, before he shot it, for what kind of blows Wendy would take. The bruising would be shown in episode 11, so we had to pick the bruises, along with Darryl's head wound, before they actually shot that fight. And because we were out-of-order, we'd sorta forgotten about it. So originally, Raylan didn't say anything when he came into the motel room and saw that Wendy had been all bruised up. I happened to be there for lunch and was sitting there across from Alicia Witt and looked at her face, and I was like, “Ohmygod, we've got to address that.”
Because it's Raylan's first time seeing the bruises.
That was the one difficult thing about shooting the episodes out-of-order. At the beginning of every season, I have sworn an oath to the writers, and the producers, and the directors, and the entire production team that we will not flip episodes — especially to post-production, because at that point in the season, that's where it really gets dicey. It's fine for episode 11, we've got more time to do it. But it makes episode 10 that much harder to get done in post. And every year, I go back on my pledge. But it all had to do with fallout from killing Jean-Baptiste [earlier than originally planned]. We couldn't kill Danny before the end of 10, because we knew that the killing of Danny is what would prompt the thing that happened with Art.
Wendy, it turned out, had lured Raylan out of the office so Darryl could walk in there with Kendal.
It was just playing on the logic of what Darryl would be thinking, which is his fear that if Raylan were to find him out in the wilds, Raylan would just kill him.
Kendal told everyone that he's the one who got nervous and accidentally shot Art, thinking he might've been Raylan who he believes has it in for his family. That was a convincing speech, save for the fact that Kendal knows his family, especially Danny, is never innocent. So does that mean Raylan's theory is right: Darryl had shown up at Allison's hoping to use her to lure Raylan over, but he got surprised by Art, fired, and then convinced Kendal to take the fall for him since he'll just go to juvie?
You know what, you're gonna have to pay to find that out. That's what Raylan thinks.
When do we find out the answer?
You can put all the pieces together in the finale.
Do we see Kendal in next week's penultimate episode?
We don't. The next episode takes a turn into trying to get Darryl and really following through on what Raylan threatens Darryl with, which is, “No, I'm not gonna kill you. I'm gonna use your life against you. I'm gonna squeeze you.” That's what episode 12 is about.
Are we adding to the body count in 12?
[Pause] You know, you try to ask these clever questions to tease out, and they are clever questions, and you almost got me. (Laughs) I am not gonna answer that.
It's not like I asked who's gonna die. Just if someone will die.
Right. I know. Because there are so many possibilities. It's Wendy or Darryl now, right?… And Josh Charles. (Laughs) He makes a surprise appearance and then gets shot.
That scene between Raylan and Darryl at the elevator really seemed to be saying, “Game on.” The closeups of Raylan's gun and fingers…
It's Tim, and Rap, and Jon Avnet, and Ben Cavell, and our great camera crew. That's one of the jobs of shooting a scene, finding stuff like that.
Raylan ended the episode at the hospital, taking a shift watching over Art.
As Raylan says to Darryl, you shot the one man I care about. If not for Raylan, this wouldn't have happened. If Raylan was there, it would've been Raylan who'd gotten shot, or it might have gone differently. So he feels guilt, a certain responsibility. But also, I think if Art had been hit crossing the street, Raylan would be there watching him.
We've seen Raylan be short-fused in recent episodes. Will he return to that or continue to show restraint?
It's something that he says when he's talking to Rachel and Tim, and Tim basically says, “We've got a short period of time. Do you want to go out and find Darryl in the wild world?” And Raylan says, “You don't know Art the way that I do.” Which on the one hand is kind of a dickish move to say that to a guy who's known Art longer than Raylan has. But on the other hand, it's Raylan basically saying, “Out of deference to Art, I can't really go full Raylan, because that's not what Art would want.” And so you'll see the way he plays things over the next couple of episodes, he's trying to do everything he can to not be Raylan to a degree.
Rachel was named interim chief. Is that going to have an impact in this season's last two episodes?
It has a small impact. It's part of the whole intent for the end of this season, which is to point directly to where we're going next year.
When we spoke before the season began, you said we'd see more of Rachel and Tim later in the season.
You'll see more of them in 12, and still more of them in 13 — again with stuff that points forward to where we would be going in the sixth season.
Last but not least, we get to Ava. She got herself cleaned up and made it through the initial search for Judith's killer. Then she had that really tense moment in the cafeteria where Judith's girls approached her table and she wasn't sure if she was eating her last meal. They each gave Ava their ice cream, which meant Penny wasn't the only one who'd wanted Judith gone. Does this mark an uptick for Ava, or is more badness to come?
I would say that's kind of a brief respite for her.
Three were people shot on a busy street in Baltimore's Brooklyn neighborhood Thursday in broad daylight, police are now combing the streets for the trigger-puller.
The incident occurred around 1:57 p.m. near the intersection of East Patapsco Avenue and 5th Street.
The victims are identified as a 17-year-old male, an 18-year-old male and a 34-year-old woman, who is a store clerk.
Police say the victims were shot at 5th St. Food Market.
“We are familiar with at least one of the victims in this case, now, and early indications is that this appears to be an act of retaliatory violence,” says Baltimore Police Spokesman T.J. Smith.
The suspect, who has not been identified, is described as a black male wearing a red sweatshirt. Smith says he took off on foot, south on 5th Street.
Officers are canvassing the area for witnesses.
“Today's suspect can be tomorrow's victim, and that's what we're seeing in a lot of cases, unfortunately,” Smith says.
Witnesses told WJZ's Devin Bartolotta they heard multiple shots.
One woman says the market has been robbed multiple times, and there have been shootings there before.
If you have any information, you're asked to call police.
Follow @CBSBaltimore on Twitter and like WJZ-TV | CBS Baltimore on Facebook
Working on something big, unwieldy and metal has one advantage, you can stick stuff to it.
Caterpillar workers at the line assembly in Decatur were given iPads with magnetic backs that they could stick onto the vehicles they were working on rather instead of clambering up and down the big trucks to check assembly instructions.
"It's all about giving people the tools and data to be effective," says Caterpillar Vice President Randy Krotowski, Global Information Services who talk about the origin of the idea.
"The team was looking at the line assembly at the Decatur facility, which is where it started, and looking at how the workers did their work."
"And what they noticed that in Decatur we build big trucks our 797s. So we have people up on high platforms walking up and down the stairs to check the assembly instructions for the 797 that they are building.
"Why not move the assembly instructions where the work is?"
Caterpillar video is below.
Hat tip, Aggregates Manager
Mark Cuban recently related his thoughts on the merits of blockchain technology and how he perceives the metrics of value behind them.
It's no secret that the markets surrounding currencies underpinned by blockchain technology have borne the scrutiny and tongue lashings of many, including JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon, whose critical comments have been widely reported.
A different public stance is being taken by billionaire and serial entrepreneur Mark Cuban, who has made no secret of his commitment to the idea that blockchain technology can be an agent of change in society. Cuban recently went on record to describe the value of cryptocurrencies akin to measures of supply and demand, such as those seen in the stock market. "You know, most stocks, there's no intrinsic value because you have no true ownership rights, no voting rights." Cuban explains that shareholders "just have the ability to buy and sell those stocks."
To that end, the mogul investor compares both stocks and cryptocurrencies to collectibles:
"They're like baseball cards. And I think bitcoin is the same thing; its value is a function of supply and demand, it doesn't really do anything else. I have bought some, I bought it through an ETN based on a Swedish exchange that gave me liquidity."
Cuban's interests go beyond investments in bitcoin, to which he maintains, "I just dipped my toe in the water." Everything is relative; given Cuban's vast resources, what he would consider a small investment might be quite sizeable to those with less capital influence.
Cuban also talked about his interest in Ethereum-based token offerings: “I think blockchain is a great platform for future technology, future applications ... just like the net and streaming created multiple great companies, I think blockchain will as well. I'm involved with something called Mercury Protocol, just to disclose ... I think it will change messaging using the blockchain."
Cuban's deferential approach to blockchain technology as an investor is more evidence that in the spectrum of venture capitalists, not all oppose the rise of blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies.
In previous blog posts I've written about how the National Institute of Complementary Medicine (NICM), hosted at Western Sydney University, are creating public trust via radio interviews in Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM). They did this by comparing the theory and practice of TCM with quantum physics and comparing the efficacy of complementary medicine (CM) to that of surgery. Their arguments have been debunked, on this blog, as attempts by the NICM to intentionally mislead the public by creating ‘trust' in TCM and CM in general. We have to remember that it is usually people suffering from some kind of medical condition that listens to these radio shows. It is also these people who are, unfortunately, the main target of the NICM. In this post the story continues. Below an excerpt of the radio interview:
“Norman Swan: And so herbal medicine, the traditional Chinese herbal medicine? What about that? Well we know about irritable bowel syndrome, there's been good evidence for that. Alan Bensoussan: Eczema as well has demonstrated some good evidence in some UK studies, we've had some preliminary work done on chronic hepatitis.Norman Swan: The thing about Traditional Chinese Medicine, TCM, though is that it does have a history and long track record which gives it credibility. But does a TCM practitioner and academic like Alan Bensoussan have time for non-TCM therapies? Alan Bensoussan: I think the fact that Chinese medicine is so well established in the public health system in one of the biggest countries, in the biggest country in the world, counts for an enormous amount because there's an enormous amount of research.”
End of excerpt.
This statement is designed to convince people that somewhere in the world you will find all the scientific evidence for TCM. The NICM doesn't have that evidence; someone else has it – in this case China (the biggest country in the world? what happened to Russia etc.). Using a long tradition of use as a measure of safety is a very dangerous thing to do. But let us look at the word traditional. There are a number of scientists that have questioned this ‘long tradition of use' and if this can actually be used as a measure of safety or basically anything else. They state that TCM, as we know it today, has been invented in 1950 – 1960 communist China and it is in effect nothing more than a profitable export product.
But let us ignore this for a moment. In the NICMs statement it is said that in China “there is an enormous amount of research” – presumably that means research indicating that TCM is effective and safe to use. Indeed there are, but it is also interesting to note that close to a 100% of clinical trials performed in China on TCM gives positive results. To put this into perspective; there are many TCM clinical trials that have been conducted outside of China which gave negative results – so clearly we have an issue here! TCM, which is a belief based medicine will, by default, always give positive results. That is what belief based medicines are – they always work. So what are the NICM trying to achieve here? They want to convince the public that TCM will work for any condition in any setting under any circumstances. From a scientific perspective: why didn't the NICM go and reproduce the very best Chinese clinical trials in Australia over the last 15-20 years and by doing so put everyone's mind at ease? Where are those results? It should be a very simple and easy thing to do and there is nothing better than good scientific results if you want to convince people that a specific medication works. So is TCM indeed only a lucrative export product and the NICM only wants a slice of this pie? Here is what the NICM say “…the potential for Australia to tap into the $170 billion global traditional Chinese medicine market…” I belief the answer is very clear! Below the interview continues:
“Norman Swan: But that explains your commitment to TCM, what about non-TCM therapies? Alan Bensoussan: I think there's an enormous amount of value in non-TCM therapies as well. There are basically three categories as I see it in complementary medicine. There are those therapies that are very orthodox in their own countries, things like Chinese medicine, ayurvedic medicine in India for example. And there are others that are very new, relatively trendy modalities, rebirthing, magnet therapy, a number of them. And the evidence base behind those, it has to be said, is absolutely minimal. And so I think sometimes the term complementary medicine is a little bit unjust, because it also buckets all these therapies in together. But there's some reasonable evidence in a number of other therapies. In osteopathy, in chiropractic, there are already systematic reviews that have been performed. In homeopathy there's a very difficult field because whilst there are some clinical trials that show benefits, and well-controlled clinical trials that show benefit, the theory that accompanies homeopathy, if anything gets up a medical scientist's nose”
End of excerpt.
Here again we have the notion that there is a body of scientific evidence supporting CM. In general any treatment or medicine that does not have any scientific evidence are categorised as a complementary and/or alternative medicine (CAM). There is just no convincing scientific evidence that these things work. One can now argue that these radio interviews took place more than 15 years ago (in 1999-2000) and as we all know with age comes wisdom (although, sometimes age comes alone) – so is there any recent examples where the NICM continued with their unbridled support for CAM in the face of new scientific evidence? In 2014 the Australian NHMRC released a report concluding that homeopathy was found to be ineffective for 68 conditions tested and thus advised consumers about the dangers of using homeopathic remedies. And how does the NICM respond – they just stick to their story (somewhere out there there is high quality positive results for homeopathy) and they do their best behind the scenes to contribute in making the NHMRC report suspect. Absolutely no progress, which is a tell tale sign of quackery, and the same goes for their support of TCM. At the end of the day it seems to be all about money, but how long will they be able to keep this up?
Quarterback by day, mechanic by night. Thanks for fixing our sink @AaronRodgers12 pic.twitter.com/vebkqVnGvt — Sam Dekker (@dekker) September 3, 2017
Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers will soon be busy with work stuff, but before the NFL season begins, Sam Dekker made sure to call in a favor.
The Los Angeles Clippers forward posted a photo of the superstar quarterback getting his hands dirty repairing Dekker's kitchen sink. Per the complimentary tweet, one can surmise that the MVP succeeded.
Yet it appears Rodgers was not compensated for his labor, per Dekker's fiancee, Olivia Harlan.
On a sadder note, Rodgers' training-camp mustache didn't last a full week. It will be missed.
UPDATE: Thursday, Sept. 7 at 1:30 p.m. ET
Per Jason Wilde of the Wisconsin State Journal, Rodgers discussed the story behind the photo. The 33-year-old, who learned how to fix his garbage disposal by watching YouTube tutorials, agreed to help the younger Dekker during Green Bay's off weekend.
"Sam, he just got traded to L.A., I was hanging out with him Saturday," Rodgers told Wilde. "He was having some sink issues, asked for my help. He's 23 years old. I know he's engaged and taking the next step to being an adult, but he's not quite there yet. So I went under the sink."
It turns out he didn't have much to fix.
"It wasn't plugged in," Rodgers said. "So, that's the picture of me holding the plug as I call him from the other room, and said, ‘Hey, idiot, it wasn't plugged in.'"
[Sam Dekker]
“I will bring you out from the peoples and gather you out of the countries where you are scattered, with a mighty hand and an outstretched arm, and with wrath poured out.” (Ezekiel 20:34 )
Rabbi Chaim Kanievsky, a leading authority in mainstream Ultra-Orthodox Judaism, has been giving clear and unequivocal messages recently that the coming of the Messiah is imminent. He is urging Jews to make Aliyah as soon as possible. Aliyah, the Hebrew verb for “going up”, refers to immigrating to Israel, which is seen as higher spiritual action that can help herald in the coming of the Messiah.
It was reported that the Rabbi Kanievsky was presented with a pamphlet, written by Rabbi Yitzchak Ben Tzvi from the city of Bnei Brak, dealing with the End of Days and many other related prophecies. Rabbi Kanievsky, who is a pillar of the Jewish community and known for his authoritative books on Torah law, read the pamphlet carefully. After a short consideration, he told those around him that the pamphlet needed to be distributed and that Jews living outside Israel should return to their ancestral land.
In yet another instance of Rabbi Kanievsky's call for aliyah, author Rabbi Yekutiel Fisch revealed advice that was given to his cousin, a teacher at a prominent Lakewood Yeshiva who visited Israel recently and went to Rabbi Kanievsky to receive a blessing at the end of his visit.
The Rabbi told him that he should not leave Israel because the Messiah would be arriving very soon. The teacher responded that he had 700 students waiting for him in Lakewood. Rabbi Kanievsky told him that he must bring all of the students to Israel. Upon his arrival in Lakewood, the story spread quickly, creating quite an impression on the students who all revere Rabbi Kanievsky.
After a lifetime of immersing himself in classical Jewish texts, Rabbi Kanievsky's study partner informed various media sites that the Rabbi is talking about the messiah “all the time.” Since last summer's war in Gaza, the Rabbi has been spreading this message of imminent return. In one instance, Rabbi Kanievsky instructed a Jew from Argentina who asked for a blessing that he should “gather your family and come to Israel. Otherwise, there won't be enough room for you on the airplanes.”
When asked about the timing of the Messiah's arrival, Rabbi Kanievsky answered, “At the end of the Sabbatical year.” Several people have asked the Rabbi to verify this and he has given the same answer each time. This year is the Sabbatical year and it will be ending on the 29th day of Elul, which, by the Gregorian calendar falls on Saturday, September 12, 2015.
In answer to Rabbi Kanievsky's call, the Jews of France have begun to arrive in Israel in blessed droves. The impetus is certainly a reaction to increasing anti-Semitic and Islamic fueled violence across Europe.
After the horrific terror attack at a Kosher market in Paris six months ago, Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu urged French Jews to come home to Israel. His remarks drew criticism from some, however last week, in the wake of Ramadan violence in several countries including France, Zeev Elkin, the Israeli Minister of Immigration and Absorption, called on French Jews to make Aliyah, echoing his leader's words.
“Come home! Anti-Semitism is growing, terrorism is on the rise and the sickly ISIS activists carry out murders in the light of day. We are prepared to accept the Jews of France with open arms,” he said.
Last year, 7,000 French Jews made aliyah to Israel, making it the number one country of origin for new immigrants. The Jewish Agency and the Ministry for Aliyah and Immigrant Absorption are expecting more than 3,000 French Jews to immigrate to Israel this summer alone, many of them families with children who want to arrive and integrate before the beginning of the school year.
It should be noted that it is considered a positive trait to always be anticipating the Messiah. The Chofetz Chaim, Rabbi Yisrael Meir Kagan, a great Torah sage, is told to have said that any time he heard a loud noise, he would say, “Perhaps the Messiah has arrived?” Similar stories have also been told of the leading Moroccan Kabbalist, the Baba Sali, Rabbi Israel Abuhaseira.
EDMONTON — Thomas Mulcair is looking to his and former Quebec premier Jean Charest's past to plot out the NDP's election strategy for 2015.
Mulcair plans to mimic Charest's winning 2003 provincial election campaign, NDP insiders told The Huffington Post Canada. The NDP leader sat in the Quebec National Assembly from 1994 to 2007 and became environment minister after the Liberals' win.
Some political scientists, however, aren't sure Charest's campaign holds much in common with the coming contest between New Democrats, Stephen Harper's Conservatives and Justin Trudeau's Liberals.
Mulcair's team believes their leader faces many of the same challenges Charest had — the provincial Liberal leader was unpopular and the national media were preoccupied with well-liked, young and untested Action démocratique du Québec (ADQ) leader Mario Dumont. To circumvent the Quebec press gallery and take his message to the people, Charest released a policy platform several months ahead of the election and toured the regions of Quebec — one small town after another — selling his plan.
NDP MP Robert Aubin, the chair of the party's Quebec caucus, told HuffPost that that is precisely what Mulcair intends to do.
“We are going to share our vision of development with Canadians throughout the next year rather than concentrate our proposals during an election campaign that is only five weeks long and in which people are bombarded with information and don't have the time or the means to weigh the options and make informed choices,” Aubin told HuffPost Tuesday from Edmonton's Fairmont Hotel Macdonald, where the party is holding its summer caucus.
During the course of the year, the choice between which party will make the best replacement for Harper's government will become clear, he said.
“[While] the NDP rests on a solid base, the Liberal party, at this point, seems to soar above the clouds. It's all about: ‘I love Canada.' I'm summing that up, but at the same time, there isn't much to sum up.”
When you compare the concrete policy positions the NDP has taken on employment insurance, on returning eligibility for Old Age Security to 65 from 67, on putting federal surplus money towards health care after negotiations with the provinces, people see a noticeably different vision, Aubin said.
The MP from Trois-Rivières, Que., said he didn't want to compare Trudeau to Dumont, "but in the case of Justin, he makes a nice image."
"It's like the difference between a photograph on the cover of a magazine and the serious article within it. Obviously, we'd prefer to have both, the article and the cover,” he said, perhaps an obscure reference to the fact that Trudeau was recently on the cover of Maclean's, while an interview with Mulcair failed to garner the same prominence.
“I often tell my constituents who speak to me about Justin: 'Yes, Justin Trudeau around the table of the G20? And then, suddenly, there is a moment of suspension in the conversation and people take the time to think. Yes, Justin Trudeau when the president of the United States calls to speak to the Canadian prime minister. You want Justin to answer? Even when they really like Justin, they tell me: Yeah, well, maybe he is not ready.
“Well, no, he is absolutely not ready.”
A senior NDP strategist joked Tuesday that they had spent the previous 48 hours trying to find a slogan similar to Charest's 2003 campaign that wasn't a complete ripoff.
Charest ran with the motto: "We are ready."
Trudeau's slogan, so far, is "Getting ready to lead."
The Conservatives are currently running with: "Better off with Harper."
NDP House Leader Peter Julian told reporters the party will be announcing new policy every week that will contrast Mulcair with Trudeau — who, he suggested, lacks substance.
“When time comes around for people to actually mark their ‘X,' those are the kinds of considerations that Canadians are going to be thinking about,” he said.
Antonia Maioni, a McGill University political science professor, said Charest employed a two-pronged strategy in 2003 after falling flat during the 1998 Quebec election.
Charest got on the bus — much like Mulcair, who spent part of this summer criss-crossing Quebec — trying to change his image from the ‘Captain Canada' posterboy to someone who was more in tune with Quebecers' concerns, she said. “The tournée was about that.”
“The ADQ was on the rise, so there was another shiny new thing out there,” Maioni said. “Mario Dumont and the ADQ were actually making a dent and getting quite good play moving into the 2003 election. So Charest had to … appear to be a premier-in-waiting.”
The second part of Charest's strategy, Maioni said, was to focus the campaign on a limited number of issues .
“They talked about health care a lot. They focused on the same issues all the time. They were very on message.”
Putting a big emphasis on a policy platform — something parties rarely do — helped Charest portray himself as the government in waiting, she said, which is what the NDP is currently trying to do. But that may be pretty much where the similarities end, she said.
At the end of the day, the Quebec Liberals held a trump card: Dumont had been part of the “yes” campaign during the 1995 referendum.
“[They] framed it as: A vote for the ADQ was a vote for the PQ, and so if you want change, vote for us,” she said.
Concordia political scientist Bruce Hicks said the 2003 election was really more about the Parti Québécois going down in defeat than it was about the Liberals' smart decision to release their platform early.
After Jacques Parizeau repeated his referendum-night comments about money and the ethnic vote, sovereignty suddenly become the issue in the middle of the campaign, Hicks said, adding that up until then — well into the campaign — the polls showed the Liberals headed for defeat.
“I don't know that there are brilliant lessons to learn from 2003, except the stars aligned and Charest was able to win. Maybe that is what the NDP is really hoping for — that suddenly something will change” and their polling numbers will suddenly soar.
While Dumont and Trudeau are both inexperienced, Hicks said, he doesn't think the comparison is relevant, because people don't believe that Trudeau is an unknown quality.
“The Conservative attack ads haven't resonated, people don't believe that he is in over his head,” he said. “So it is a cute analogy, but Trudeau is leading a Liberal party not an upstart party. His party has been around since Alexander Mackenzie. It's wishful thinking, I think, on [the NDP's] part to see Trudeau as a Mario Dumont.”
Hicks said the one positive thing about Mulcair's strategy is that by putting emphasis on the platform early, the NDP draws attention to the fact that Trudeau has been reticent to give details about policy on most things, saying “wait for the election.”
“They create a contrast and they are getting media attention from it, which they have had a great deal of difficulty getting,” Hicks said. “[But] it's only smart in the short term, because we are not going to be talking about the NDP platform for a year and half … We'll only be talking about it as long as it is new, and then we'll have moved on.
Related on HuffPost:
THE web is full of rubbish. Conspiracy theories, anti-vaccination sites and fact-free “information” constantly makes first page results on the most visited search engine of the world, Google. Google may have a cure – rank websites according to their truthfulness.
Currently, the search giant counts the number and variety of incoming hyperlinks to a domain and page as a proxy for the quality and popularity, determining where it appears in search results. So pages that many other websites link to are ranked high. This system has given us the search engine as we all know it at present, however, the system can be abused by ‘shady' websites by making a large number of spammy links pointing to their own sites. Many firms today provide ‘SEO services‘, and claim that they can bring your site at the top of search results using certain keyword.
New Scientist's Hal Hodson reports on the proposed Knowledge-Based Trust rating:
Be true to your values. Be honest. Do your best. Do things that bring you closer to your dreams. Take care of yourself, your family, and your friends. Treat people with respect. Be the person that makes others feel special. Be known for your kindness and honesty.
In other words, invest love into your life. Because when you love life, life will love you back. And there's no attraction greater than love. People will notice the goodness surrounding you, and they will be naturally attracted to you.
Do the right thing. – Never be afraid to do what you know in your heart is right, especially if the well being of another person's feelings is at stake. There is no punishment in the world more severe than the wounds we inflict on our soul when we do what we know is wrong. Stop the gossip and superficial judgments. – Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, and small minds gossip about people. Life is much too short to be lived talking about people, gossiping, and stirring up trouble that has no substance. If you don't understand someone, ask questions. If you don't agree with them, tell them. But don't judge them behind their back to everyone else. Read The Mastery of Love. Lift others up. – If you want to lift yourself up, lift someone else up. To be happy and free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the happiness and freedom of others. When you put faith, hope, and love together, you can nurture positive ideas, relationships, and dreams in a negative world. Give words of encouragement to those in need. – A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success. We all hit a time when we lose hope and need someone to put their arms around us and say, “I've got you right now. You are not facing this alone.” Be that person when you can. Be positive. – Think positively; speak properly; apologize rapidly; forgive quickly. Evolve your being and inspire yourself and others. Say it out loud, “I am sorry negativity, I have no time for you. I have far too many positive things to do.” Embrace your uniqueness. – If you don't embrace your uniqueness, you will spend your entire life striving to conform to the impossibility of being someone else. By celebrating what makes you different, rather than wasting time trying to be the same, you will discover your unique gifts that nobody else in the world has. Do things for fun and passion. – When you stop doing things for fun and passion, you stop living and you start merely existing. If you truly want to change your life, you must first change your mind and your actions. Once you are ready to truly devote your time and energy to what calls to your soul, you will find your life unimaginably enriched. Read The 4-Hour Workweek. Be gentle. – When you least expect it, something great will come along – something better than you ever planned for. Mother Nature opens millions of flowers every day without forcing the buds. Let this be a reminder not to force anything, but to simply give beautiful things enough love and an opportunity to grow naturally. Drop the need to always be right. – Someone else doesn't have to be wrong for you to be right. There are many roads to what's right. You cannot judge others by your own past. They are living a different life than you. Express your opinions freely and politely, remembering that if your purpose is to ridicule or prove others are wrong, it will only bring bitterness into the world. Respecting the opinion of others, without judging, always carries more weight than simply being right. Be loyal. Be honest. – You can't promise to love someone for the rest of their life, but you can sincerely love them for the rest of yours. When it comes to relationships, remaining faithful is never an option, but a priority. Loyalty and honest affection mean everything. Be flexible and keep an open mind. – What looks like an obstacle or road block is oftentimes just life steering you in a better direction. Be flexible and keep an open mind to all the changes that are forcing you to grow, and helping you better align yourself with your vibration and purpose. Believe in yourself and all that you are. – Know in your heart that there is strength inside you that is greater than the challenges you face. No one can do it for you – you have to choose to use your wings. Believe in your dreams. – Who you hope to be someday is already a big part of who you are now. Your dreams are real. They do not exist in the past; they live in the present, and when you stay committed to doing what needs to be done, you carry them closer to reality as you walk through the gates of tomorrow. Walk the talk. – You can make whatever you want out of your life, but first you have to not be afraid to try. We all have to start with ourselves. It is time to walk the talk. Take the journey of making the difficult decisions and taking action. Start removing things from your life that are taking away your happiness, and start adding things that bring joy in to your life. Read Psycho-Cybernetics. Embrace the possibilities of tomorrow. – Don't let your past dictate who you are, but let it be part of who you will become. No regrets. No looking back. Just hold onto life and move forward. We have no way of knowing what lies ahead, but that's what makes the journey even more exciting – that's what makes life worth living.
Photo by: Lina Hayes
Out on the pitch there were hugs, high-fives and dances of delight while "Are you watching Merseyside?" served as the soundtrack from an exultant away end. Deep down, though, a nagging sense of anti-climax refused to depart the party.
A record 19th league title should surely have been secured in swashbuckling, edge-of-the-seat style but instead Wayne Rooney's controversial equalising penalty was complemented by Blackburn's risky decision to settle supinely for a point.
As three minutes of added time began and Nani, earlier replaced by Dimitar Berbatov and now standing on the edge of the technical area, prepared to celebrate with a vigour rarely apparent during his time on the pitch, United's back four passed the ball ever so slowly between themselves.
With no Blackburn forward challenging for it, Steve Kean's side failed to snatch a single touch of stoppage time possession. If the testimonial type mood was briefly interrupted by Sir Alex Ferguson tapping his watch, he was soon patting Phil Dowd, the referee, on the cheeks before skipping off to celebrate in front of banners proclaiming: "Manchester United 19, Liverpool 18."
It was a long yearned-for moment but United's manager is so driven a personality that you wondered if it felt quite as good as it should have done. An ability to live in, and enjoy, the moment is one of life's most important arts but fretting about the future has always been a big part of the human condition. Such anxieties quite possibly ensured that, on the very afternoon when he achieved a two-decade-old ambition to "knock Liverpool off their perch" a little voice inside Ferguson's head asked: "Is this another beginning or an end?"
A sense of constant renewal sometimes almost Trotskyite in its ruthlessness has characterised his managerial reign at Old Trafford but the overhaul of the squad, which will surely be required after the impending Champions League final battle with Barcelona is over, seems unusually daunting. Ferguson may previously have shown a doubting world that there was actually life after, among others, Eric Cantona, Roy Keane, David Beckham and Cristiano Ronaldo exited stage left but the 2011 Old Trafford climate has turned strangely hostile to successful rebuilding.
Admittedly the latest crop of bright United young things will shortly contest the FA Youth Cup final with Sheffield United but even if that side contains the new Paul Scholes and Ryan Giggs their maturation will not be instant. Instead Ferguson must somehow import fresh legs while operating to a budget restricted by not only the amount of debt the owning Glazer family have heaped on his club but the need to comply with Uefa's new financial fair play rules.
Scholes and, particularly, Giggs may have raged against the dying of the light this season but all Indian summers end eventually and Ferguson is clearly in need of identifying new midfield string pullers capable of controlling tempo and dictating play, especially at the end of a campaign in which impressive results have often masked less than dynamic performances.
Edwin van der Sar's forthcoming retirement means a new goalkeeper also looms high on the shopping list while Rio Ferdinand's persistent injury problems suggest his central defensive partnership with Nemanja Vidic is not necessarily labelled long haul.
Similarly Owen Hargreaves's physical frailties allied to the fading of Michael Owen's attacking powers highlight the lack of both a Keane figure in the enforcement department and an Ole Gunnar Solskjaer-style striking assassin on the bench.
Further complicating factors abound. While those "noisy", preposterously wealthy, neighbours at Manchester City suddenly possess serious transfer market pulling power, events to the west are almost equally worrying.
No sooner than Liverpool have been put back in their box, than they are threatening to push the lid off it. Even worse there is an uncanny sense of deja vu about the recent renaissance down the M62.
Not only is Kenny Dalglish, the man whose Blackburn side frustrated United's title hopes in 1995, back in charge at Anfield but they are spearheaded by a menacing young Geordie. The name is Andy Carroll rather than Alan Shearer but his partnership with Luis Suárez threatens to eclipse the Javier Hernández/Wayne Rooney axis.
Significantly, Dalglish is a decade younger than Ferguson, who will turn 70 in December. United's manager claims retirement is not on his agenda but, given the scale of the task ahead, it would hardly be a complete surprise were he to suddenly quit while still on top.
Arcade Fire got stunts! Ahead of today's gig at Malahide Castle, the band is spreading boxes of their Creature Comfort ritalin cereal around Dublin, and their Everything Now Co Twitter account is encouraging fans to tweet pictures of themselves with the boxes in exchange for admission to the afterparty. (They're also instructing people to ask various business owners to “Make it painless.”) It doubles as promo for “Creature Comfort,” the next single from their new album Everything Now, which is allegedly out tomorrow. Arcade Fire debuted the song live at Primavera two weeks ago. Check out the product's various placements below, where you can also hear our latest preview of the song.
A post shared by Win Butler (@djwindows98) on Jun 14, 2017 at 6:32am PDT
Post a photo of yourself enjoying Creature Comfort cereal and mention @everythingnowco so that my bosses will think I'm good at this. — Everything Now (@EverythingNowCo) June 14, 2017
Dublin! Get your walking shoes and your cereal spoons ready, and stay tuned. — Everything Now (@EverythingNowCo) June 14, 2017
TODAY Dublin. Exciting things are going to happen TODAY. Don't get boxed in by work. Get ready. — Everything Now (@EverythingNowCo) June 14, 2017
Oh, and here comes @LuckyCharms biting our style again! pic.twitter.com/V2acIxybvU — Everything Now (@EverythingNowCo) June 14, 2017
DUBLIN first person to tell Frank to Make It Painless will be handsomely rewarded. #CreatureComfort pic.twitter.com/xGW6ZYATbi — Everything Now (@EverythingNowCo) June 14, 2017
Tweet a picture with the box to get on the after party list. One box per consumer #CreatureComfort — Everything Now (@EverythingNowCo) June 14, 2017
Tell the bartender to make it painless #CreatureComfort pic.twitter.com/nqz3q6w0YJ — Everything Now (@EverythingNowCo) June 14, 2017
Rule Change Could Allow Listing Bitcoin Futures as Exchange Traded Funds
A potentially giant step toward approval for listing bitcoin futures as exchange traded funds (ETFs) was taken this week when the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) Arca, owned by Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), filed a petition for a rule change regarding two potential ETFs. The document presumes much of the groundwork to be already completed, and could signal readiness to embrace even more mainstream acceptance for the world's most popular cryptocurrency.
Also read: United States Olympic Luge Team to Accept Bitcoin Donations
Bitcoin Futures Exchange Traded Funds
“Pursuant to Section 19(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,” the SEC public notice began, “and Rule 19b-4 thereunder, notice is hereby given that, on December 4, 2017, NYSE Arca, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission the proposed rule change,” also noting the SEC “is publishing this notice to solicit comments on the proposed rule change from interested persons.”
The proposed change is actually for two funds, the Proshares Bitcoin ETF and Proshares Short ETF. Both were previously denied in the fall. Presumably, the last two weeks of history-making futures markets on Cboe and CME helped boost confidence in both ICE and the SEC going forward.
The notice continues, each fund “is a series of the Proshares Trust II, a Delaware statutory trust. The Trust and the Funds are managed and controlled by Proshare Capital Management LLC. The Sponsor is registered as a commodity pool operator with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and is a member of the National Futures Association,” it details. The mainstream pedigree appears sufficient.
Cryptocurrencies in general are inching toward a trillion dollar market capitalization, and prices for brand favorites like bitcoin have been resilient through crackdowns from world governments, IRS challenges to popular exchanges, and assorted tabloid media linking the digital asset to any number of nefarious dealings. Bitcoin trudges along, and professional financial managers are noticing.
Bitcoin ETF v Short Bitcoin ETF
According to the filing, Proshares Bitcoin ETF's “investment objective of the Fund is to seek, results (before fees and expenses) that, both for a single day and over time, correspond to the performance of lead month bitcoin futures contracts listed and traded on either the Cboe Futures Exchange or the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. Specifically, the Fund will seek results that correspond to the last traded price of the Benchmark Futures Contract on its primary listing exchange prior to the Fund's NAV calculation time.”
The Proshares Short Bitcoin ETF's “investment objective of the Fund is to seek results, for a single day, that correspond (before fees and expenses) to the inverse (-1x) of the daily performance of the Benchmark Futures Contract. The Fund does not seek to achieve its investment objective over a period greater than a single day. The Fund generally intends to invest substantially all of its assets through investment in short positions in Benchmark Futures Contracts. However, the Fund may invest through short positions in Bitcoin Futures Contracts other than Benchmark Futures Contracts,” the notice explains.
The “investment objective of the Fund is to seek results (before fees and expenses) that, both for a single day and over time, correspond to the performance of lead month bitcoin futures contracts listed and traded on either [Cboe] or [CME],” the company wrote.
This is Arca's second attempt this year at ETF approval. Rule changes could happen as soon as a month and half from now, or they could take into the spring of 2018, according to the filing.
What do think about bitcoin futures ETFs? Let us know in the comments below.
Images courtesy of Shutterstock.
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings? Check our tools section.
Photo: Franz Larese, Erker-Galerie, Easter 1971, Burano, Italy
PoemTalk Podcast #41, discussing Ezra Pound's "Canto III," March 15, 2011
Listen to the complete recording and read program notes for the episode at Jacket2.
PoemTalk Podcast #12, discussing Ezra Pound's "Cantico del Sole," November 14, 2008
Listen to the complete recording and read program notes for the episode at Jacket2.
Ezra Pound's Cantos is published by New Directions Publishing Corp. They can be contacted at editorial[at]ndbooks.com or permissions[at]ndbooks.com.
Pound's Poems and Translations is published by the Library of America.
PennSound Ezra Pound page edited by Richard Sieburth
The Sound of Pound: A Listener's Guide , by Richard Sieburth
Interview with Richard Sieburth by Al Filreis, May 22, 2007, (44:15): MP3
Note: The bracketed page numbers for non-Cantos materials are taken from the Library of America edition of Pound's Poems and Translations. The Canto page numbers are taken from the thirteenth printing (1995) of the New Directions edition of The Cantos of Ezra Pound.
The Harvard Vocarium Readings, Recorded in Cambridge, Mass., May 17, 1939
Sestina: Altaforte (with drums) (3:40): MP3; text [105] The Seafarer (with drums) (7:08): MP3; text [236] Homage to Sextus Propertius, Section VI (2:44): MP3 [535-36] Hugh Selwyn Mauberley [549-59]: [ text E.P.: Ode Pour L'Election de Son Sepulchre (2:45)MP3 II, IV, & V (2:59): MP3 Yeux Glauques (1:11): MP3 Envoi (1919) (from "Hugh Selwyn Mauberley" at the end of Part I) (1:32): MP3 First two sections of Part II of the poem ["1920 (Mauberley)"] (3:07): MP3 Cantico del sole (0:58): MP3 [572] [text] Canto XVII ("So that the vine burst from my fingers') (7:00): MP3 [76-79] Canto XXX [147] (0:58): MP3 Canto XLV [229-30] (3:12): MP3 Canto LVI (with drums) [301-310] (19:30): MP3
Thanks to Don Share, Curator in the G.E. Woodberry Poetry Room, Harvard, for assistance.
From the Radio Speeches, recorded in Rome, Italy, January or February, 1942
Canto XLVI [231-235] (17:08): MP3
Recorded by the Foreign Broadcast Intelligence Service of the FCC [Federal Communications Commission] on February 12, 1942. The editors wish to thank Ben Friedlander.
The Caedmon Recordings, recorded in Washington, D.C., June 12, 13, 26, 1958
Exile's Letter [254] (5:08): MP3 The Gypsy [296] (0:53): MP3 Cantico del Sole [572] (0:49): MP3 [text] Moeurs Contemporaines [522-526] (5:50): MP3 / [text] Hugh Selwyn Mauberley [549-556] (10:45): MP3 / [text] Hugh Selwyn Mauberley [557-562] (6:06): MP3 [text] Canto I [3-5] ("And then went down") (5:32): MP3 Canto IV [13-16] ("Palace in smoky light") (7:31): MP3 Canto XXXVI [177-180] ("A lady asks me") (6:41): MP3 Canto XLV ("With Usura") [229-30] (3:13): MP3 Canto LI (""Shines / in the mind of heaven") [250-52] (3:56): MP3 Canto LXXXIV ("8th October: Si tuit li dolh elh plor") [557-560] (5:35): MP3 From Canto LXXVI ("And the sun high over horizon ...") [477-480] (4:11): MP3 Canto XCIX ( "Till the blue grass turn yellow") [714-732] (23:37): MP3
These 1958 recordings are from Ezra Pound Reads by Ezra Pound. Copyright © 1960, 1969, 1993 by HarperCollins Publishers, Inc. Used by permission of HarperCollins.
The Bayrischer Rundfunk Recordings, recorded at Schloss Brunnenburg, Tirolo di Merano, Italy, December 1959
Impressions of François-Marie Arouet (de Voltaire), I (“Phyllidula and the Spoils of Gouvernet”) [315] (0:45): MP3 Impressions, II (“To Madame du Châtelet”) [316] (1:21): MP3 Impressions, III (“To Madame Lullin”) [317] (0:39): MP3 Impressions, III (“To Madame Lullin,” German translation) [317] (0:46): MP3 “Der Wirbel” (German trans. of “Phanopoeia, I”) [565] (0:45): MP3 “Es starben” (German trans. of “Hugh Selwyn Mauberley, I, V”) [552] (0:40): MP3 Unedited tapes of the 1959 Brunnenburg recordings: include tracks 1-6 above, as well as Pound reading the German trans. of “Hugh Selwyn Mauberley, I, I and dialogue between Pound, Eva Hesse, and Mike O'Donnell. (17:31): MP3
Recorded by Eva Hesse and Mike O'Donnell for the Bayrischer Rundfunk. Used by permission of Eva Hesse.
The Spoleto Readings
Recorded in Spoleto, Italy, summer 1967
Canto III ("I sat on Dogana's steps") [11-12] (2:55): MP3 Canto XVI ("And before hell mouth") [68-75] (13:06): MP3 Canto XLIX ("For the seven lakes ...") [244-45] (3:04): MP3 Canto LXXXI ("Zeus lies in Ceres' bosom") (First Reading) [537-52] (9:56): MP3 Canto LXXXI (Second Reading) [537-52] (10:07): MP3 Canto XCII ("And from this mount were blown" [638-642] (6:36): MP3 Canto CVI ("And was her daughter like that") [772-775] (6:24): MP3 From Canto CXV ("The scientists are in terror") [814] (1:10): MP3
The Confucian Odes
Recorded in Spoleto, Italy, summer 1970 (?)
Hid! Hid! [755] (0:47): MP3 O omen tree (0:40): MP3 Kylin's foot (0:22): MP3 In fleecy coats [763] (0:41): MP3 Lies a dead deer [765] (0:35): MP3 Dry grass, in vale [792] (0:23): MP3 Alikter-Ole Brer Rabbit watchin' his feet [792]: MP3 Hep-Cat Chung [795] (0:45): MP3 On comes her car [807] (1:07): MP3 Garden peach [810] (0:45): MP3 I climb the knoll [810] (0:52): MP3 RATS [812] (1:00): MP3 Lonely pear tree [817] (0:25): MP3 Chariots, rank on rank [819] (0:37): MP3 What! No clothes? [823] (0:37): MP3 Lord of the Light's axe [860] (0:35): MP3 Yaller bird [861] (0:53): MP3 Heaven's worry [872] (1:51): MP3 Let the Great Cart alone [885] (0:29): MP3 The year puts on her shining robe [894] (1:05): MP3 Flies, blue flies on a fence rail [898] (0:32): MP3 Folk worn out [936] (2:10): MP3 Show of respect [941] (6:17): MP3 Compassionate heaven [962] (1:37): MP3 Thick, all in mass [986] (1:23): MP3
Please note that the bracketed page numbers for the Confucian Odes are keyed to page numbers in Library of America's Poems & Translations. Confucian Odes ©1970 by Olga Rudge.
An Angle, Recorded in Venice, ca. 1970 or 1971
Canto XVII [From "A boat came" [77] through "In the gloom" (78)](1:40): MP3 Canto XXV [From "side toward the pizza" to "finish said canvas" (119)] (1:19): MP3 Canto XXVI [Three segments: from "And that year" (123) through "beards of those greeks" (124); from "To the Marquis" through Carpathio/pictore (127); from "And I came here" through "taking light in the darkness" (121)] (4:32): MP3
Recorded by Santomaso for the Erker-Galerie, St. Gallen, Switzerland
Miscellaneous Recordings, San Ambrogio and Venice, 1962-1972
Redondillas [LOA, 175-182] (20:31): MP3 from Canto LXXX (from "Nenni, Nenni" [515] through "the nutriment" [519]) (8:38): MP3 From Canto LXXXVIII (from "It was Saturday" [597] through "The Major done told them" [602]) (10:05): MP3 Canto XCIII ("A man's paradise is his good nature" [643-652]) (17:32): MP3 From Canto XCVI (from "Kredemon" [671] through "oikonomia" [680]) (20:05): MP3 from Canto CXI (from "Cold mermaid" through "Rothar" [803]) (1:49): MP3 from Canto CXII [804-805] (2:36): MP3 Addendum for C [818-19] (4:11): MP3 Now sun rises in Ram sign [820] (1:00): MP3 Dante Speech (1965) with readings from T.S. Eliot and Robert Lowell (6:04): MP3 Dante Inferno XV — “Bruno Latini” — tr. Lowell (1964-Rapallo) (3:02): MP3
The readings were recorded by Olga Rudge from 1962-1972 and remastered under her supervision by Robert Hughes in the fall of 1985. They are available through the assistance of Robert Hughes and by courtesy of Siegfried Walter de Rachewiltz. Special thanks to Richard Sieburth.
Unknown Date, Unknown Location
Complete recording (3:18): MP3
Also of Interest:
Ezra Pound on PennSound Daily
These sound recordings are being made available for noncommercial and educational use only. Except as indicated above, all rights to this recorded material belong to, and are © 2006 by, the heirs of Ezra Pound, Mary de Rachewiltz and Omar S. Pound, and New Directions Publishing Corp, agent for the heirs. All recordings on this page are used with permission of the heirs and New Directions Publishing Corp. Distributed by PennSound.
The debate over Bill C-30, the online surveillance bill, has thus far focused on the mandatory disclosure of subscriber information, including name, address, email address, and IP address. The provision represents a significant change in the law, which currently allows ISPs to disclose such information but does not require them to do so. In response to the criticism, Public Safety Minister Vic Toews has emphasized that the content of emails or web surfing habits would still require a warrant.
Yet Toews has not talked about a provision in Bill C-30 that creates a voluntary warrantless system that would allow police to ask for the content of emails or web surfing habits and allow ISPs to comply with the request without fear of liability. Section 487.0195 states the following:
(1) For greater certainty, no preservation demand, preservation order or production order is necessary for a peace officer or public officer to ask a person to voluntarily preserve data that the person is not prohibited by law from preserving or to voluntarily provide a document to the officer that the person is not prohibited by law from disclosing.
(2) A person who preserves data or provides a document in those circumstances does not incur any criminal or civil liability for doing so.
This provision opens the door to police approaching ISPs and asking them to retain data on specified subscribers or to turn over any subscriber information – including emails or web surfing activities – without a warrant. ISPs can refuse, but this provision is designed to remove any legal concerns the ISP might have in doing so, since it grants full criminal and civil immunity for the disclosures.
While many would hope that ISPs would not hand over personal information without a warrant, revelations that they already provide customer name and address information about 95 percent of the time suggests that police have little to lose in asking for more detailed data preservation and disclosure. Bill C-30 increases the likelihood of “voluntary” warrantless disclosures, creating a legal framework that makes it easy and risk-free from a provider perspective.
