In a ground-breaking move, Californian soccer team, the San Jose Earthquakes, will start accepting bitcoin payments in the upcoming US season.
The Earthquakes' president Dave Kaval told SiliconANGLE that fans will be able to use bitcoin to pay for items from the team's merchandise store and to buy tickets. However, hotdogs and popcorn don't appear to be on the list just yet.
Winning titles
The ‘Quakes' are a major soccer team, having already won two Major League Soccer Cups titles back in 2001 and 2003. However, they aren't the first major US sports team to accept bitcoin. The NBA took that honour in January, when the Sacramento Kings became the first major sports team in the US to accept bitcoin.
“In May, we are actually taking bitcoin in our stadium for merchandise, hopefully for concessions as well, but definitely for merchandise,” Kaval told SiliconANGLE.
Kaval pointed out that the ultimate goal is to produce a seamless commerce experience using mobile platforms. Concessions will be a bit trickier, as mobile POS systems will be necessary, but sooner or later Quakes fans could be smearing mustard from their bitcoin hotdog on their bitcoin season ticket.
Teething problems
The team was apparently forced to push back bitcoin adoption after it ran into problems with two payment processors that went out of business. The Quakes then tapped BitPay.
Kaval said his team did a bit of research and decided to use BitPay due to its professionalism and robust payment solutions.
Interestingly, the Earthquakes are planning to move to a new stadium next year, which seems to have been a factor in the team's decision to try out bitcoin payments. The team hope to employ a number of new technologies in the new facility.
And, of course, technology sells: it's good for your image, it garners great publicity and the kids love it. The Quakes were quick to recognise this, along with the Sacramento Kings.
Disclaimer: CoinDesk founder Shakil Khan is an investor in BitPay.
Soccer Image via Shutterstock
What if Missy is not a Villain but Really an Ally of the Doctor? by Joe Vitulli
Television shows often use cliche episode structures such as holiday specials, musical episodes, animation and/or claymation, and backwards plots. Some people love these sorts of shows while others roll their eyes at the rehashed concepts. Granted, some shows do handle them better than others. We have seen several Christmas specials from Doctor Who. Somehow, however, they have avoided producing their own versions of the other templates. Let us contemplate how they might hypothetically be accomplished on Doctor Who.
In the world of geekery, arguably, the most famous musical episode of a television series is Buffy the Vampire Slayer‘s “Once More, With Feeling.” I think that it is safe to say, with Doctor Who being such a theatrical show, that it is extremely well suited as a vehicle for musical numbers. Fans have already created some very well produced video parodies. YouTube user AVbyte made Doctor Who The Musical! while user The Hillywood Show did Doctor Who Parody, which, quite appropriately, also parodies “The Time Warp” from The Rocky Horror Picture Show. User Di Wey put together Tenth Doctor: The Musical, a clever mashup of clips from the show with segments of corresponding popular songs. The closest thing that we have to an official musical is from when Russell T Davies and Julie Gardner left the show. For the wrap party, their colleagues made a tribute called The Ballad of Russell & Julie. I don't know about you, but these examples are more than enough to illustrate that a musical Doctor Who is a episode would be fantastic! And what better reason to bring song-and-dance man John Barrowman back to the show?
Speaking of “illustrate,” (I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.) let's talk about animation. My favorite geeky animated sequences in a television show are from Fringe. In the episode “Black Blotter,” Walter Bishop goes on a Monty Python inspired acid trip. In “Lysergic Acid Diethylamide,” a few of the characters go on an adventure animated in the style of a graphic novel. The opposite of this concept was shown on The Simpsons‘ episode “Treehouse of Horror VI,” when Homer Simpson travelled into the third dimension and, from there, the “real” world. Fans of Doctor Who have created quite a number of animated tribute videos. The most popular one is probably the Family Guy-esque YouTube series Doctor Stew. My favorite is the video for Chameleon Circuit‘s song “The Doctor is Dying” by YouTube user Alex Day. Another really good one is Doctor Who – Take On Me (a parody of A-ha‘s video) by user TheFlixx. These last two examples obviously also support the musical idea. Real Time, The Infinite Quest and Dreamland, while official animated Doctor Who projects, are not technically considered episodes. Besides, to be a cliche animated episode, the live action characters need to somehow travel into the animated world and be confused and/or amazed by it.
There has not been a full-on Memento-style plot-going-backwards episode of Doctor Who. The ongoing plot device of River Song and The Doctor going in opposite directions in time does not exactly count, but might make for good source material on which to base such an episode. In reality, the whole wibbly wobbly timey wimey show is good source material for that. I dunno, man. What else do I really need to say to support this one? It just makes sense.
What do you think of Doctor Who using these episode structures? Let us know in the comments below.
Michel Platini scored 41 goals in 72 international appearances for France as a player
Michel Platini still wants to succeed Sepp Blatter as Fifa president, despite serving a 90-day ban while corruption claims are investigated.
Uefa boss Platini is suspended as Fifa studies reports he received a £1.35m payment from Blatter in 2011.
The 60-year-old told French newspaper Le Monde he had done nothing wrong and "certainly still wants to" stand in the Fifa presidential election in February.
"It's shameful to be dragged through the mud like this," said Platini.
"I have been suspended for three months, but what annoys me the most is being tarred with the same brush as the others.
"My lawyers are following the Fifa proceedings and will take the case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport if needs be."
In June, Blatter announced he would leave his position at the head of world football, though he is also serving a 90-day ban, but also denies any wrongdoing.
Platini, who has been president of European football's Uefa since 2007, was tipped to replace the 79-year-old Swiss and still believes he will have enough support to do so.
"I don't think I have lost many votes with these scandals," he added. "People who know me know that I can look myself in the mirror.
"I don't like to lose. Especially not on the basis of a scandal that isn't one."
'How much do you want?' 'A million'
Sepp Blatter and Michel Platini are both serving 90-day bans
Fifa's ethics committee is looking into the circumstances of a payment of 2m Swiss francs Platini received in 2011 for work said to have been carried out more than nine years previously.
Platini claims Blatter asked to see him before the 1998 World Cup in France and wanted the Frenchman to become Fifa president, with Blatter taking over as general secretary.
"I wasn't interested," said Platini. "I was focused on the World Cup and didn't see myself as president."
He says the pair met again two months later, with Blatter asking Platini to become his football adviser and enquiring how much money he wanted.
Platini added: "I said 'a million'. 'A million what?' 'Whatever you want: roubles, pounds, dollars.' He said, 'OK, 1m Swiss francs a year.' Incredible though it may sound, that's what happened."
'It was a gentleman's agreement - I trusted him'
Michel Platini helped France win the 1984 European Championship
Platini worked for Blatter from 1998 to 2002 "reforming the international match calendar" and on "the Goal Programme - a Fifa assistance and support scheme for the poorest associations".
"It's never been about money for me," said Platini. "I was an unpaid chairman of the World Cup organising committee.
"Before that, I turned down the opportunity to go to Real Madrid even though they had handed me a cheque and told me to add as many zeros as I liked.
"When I said to Blatter 'a million of whatever you want', I was leaving it up to him to decide how much he wanted to give me."
However, a formal contract for the full pay was never signed.
"I haven't had a lawyer or agent to negotiate for me for a long time," added Platini.
"It was a gentleman's agreement. He was going to be president of Fifa. I trusted him. I've since learned that under Swiss law, an oral contract is as valid as a written one."
'I was paid without any fuss'
Fifa will vote to appoint a new president in February
Since being banned, the Football Association, which had previously backed Platini in the election, suspended its support for the former Nancy, St Etienne and Juventus midfielder.
However, Platini has defended the payment and said it was not his fault that it came so long after the work had finished.
He says that he "worked for several months" without any payment and was told by Blatter that he could not earn three times the salary of the general secretary, who was paid 300,000 Swiss francs.
Platini claims a contract for 300,000 Swiss francs was agreed, on the basis Fifa "would pay the balance later" but "later never came" so he called in the debt.
"The finance department at Fifa asked Blatter if he owed me money and he said yes so I sent an invoice at their request," said Platini.
"But I got it wrong, to my own disadvantage. I forgot that I had been paid 300,000 Swiss francs a year - I thought that it had been 500,000 Swiss francs and that he therefore owed me another 500,000 for each of the four years.
"So I sent an invoice for 2m Swiss francs. I was paid 10 days later without any fuss from Fifa. If there had been any doubt whatsoever, they would have refused to pay me."
The comrades in India have finally boarded the digital bandwagon. From times of fierce opposition to late Rajiv Gandhi's vision of computerised India to this era of Modi government's Digital India, it has taken a little more than a quarter of a century for Communist parties to realise the potential of social media.Having realised their past mistakes, comrades now have gone full throttle, with Twitter being the new mantra for them. And it's already showing results. A tweet from CPM's official Twitter handle @cpimspeak, a day before Yogi Adityanath's Kerala visit, inviting him to visit hospitals in the southern state to learn how to effectively run public health services, has already been retweeted more than 3000 times and got 4500-plus ‘likes' in less than 24 hours.A quick glance through Twitter, and one will notice the new digital footprint of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) and its leaders. Not only the party, but also its frontal organisations are now active on social media.Praveer Purkayasth, president of Indian Science Forum and senior functionary of the Party told News18, “We decided to go big on Twitter around six months ago since it's a strong medium for reaching out to the middle class and youth, and countering RSS-BJP propaganda and trolls.”“Click activism is also activism. We are now in process of making our leaders and workers understand the importance of social media,” Purkayasth added. So while individual leaders and workers were already on social media, efforts now are to channelise them collectively on select issues.But how do the comrades go about the social media business? A youth leader, who is part of the Party's core team for digital media said, “There is a central team of around 50 people. It's a countrywide group, with representation from each state. Kerala, Bengal and Tripura each have five members in this team.” He further explained that this group decides on the issues and campaigns to be taken up.There is an additional team of 55 people to assist the central team. They fish out fake news and propaganda, prepare counter-narrative and help with research work. IT experts, mostly from Kerala, are part of this team. However, the Party claims these workers are volunteers and not employees like other political parties.The party has off late organised three training camps, the most recent one being in Delhi last month, for the social media team, which is headed by Polit Bureau member Brinda Karat.The impact of this new strategy is not just confined to Left bastions like Kerala, Bengal and Tripura. Leaders from states like UP and Bihar, where the Left no longer has significant presence, are also active on Twitter and other social media platforms.For example, Pradeep Sharma, Lucknow district secretary of CPM, who has now logged into Twitter, said, “We successfully countered several lies being spread against us, including the campaign against Kerala CM by linking him to Godman Ram Rahim.”
× Text
The Ten Internet Plagues
By Mike Trapp
The Ten Plagues of Internet [I imagine this article as being mostly visual. Pictographic depictions of the plagues, either in the style of Egyptian hieroglyphics, or as medieval paintings. I think I prefer the former, but the latter has more source images to draw from.] Plague of Inane Tweets PICTURE: People kneeling and weeping on the banks of a “river” the river is a twitter stream. CAPTION: “… He moved his cursor and clicked the tweets in the Twitter stream, and all the tweets were changed into bullshit. Many tweets seemed to be jokes, for they had the structure of jokes, and the tone of jokes, yet they had none of the humor, and so provided no enjoyment. Yet the people still read them and many hours were lost.” Plague of Memes PICTURE: A person oppressively surrounded by some sort of shitty meme. Maybe courage wolves? Or that stupid six square “What people think I do, blah blah blah” CAPTION: “… I will send a plague of memes on your whole country. The internet will teem with memes. They will come up on your facebook and your e-mail and onto your favorite websites, into the computers of your friends and co-workers, and into your workplaces and everyday speech. The memes will come up on you and your relatives, who will not understand them, and misuse them, and the tedium will spread.” Plague of YouTube Comments PICTURE: Something that looks like a cuneiform tablet, and underneath that a lot of crappy YouTube-like comments: “thumbs up if buzzfeed brought you here.” “gay” “LOLOLOL” CAPTION: “All the comments throughout the internet became like YouTube comments, for none of the comments were relevant to the original post, and all evil in the world was blamed on Obama, and a great fear of Sodomites did crop up in all corners. But when the magicians tried to produce YouTube comments by their sacred arts, they could not, because they were fake and gay. Plague of Spam PICTURE: Winged pills and dicks swarm around a man. CAPTION: “I will send swarms of spam on you and your loved ones, on your people and into your computers. Your inbox will be full of offers of penis enlargement, and free vicodin, and reported errors with your tax return. But I will deal differently with my people, for I will provide them with a powerful spam filter, and MistyGurlXXX will not bother them. Plague of Netflix Availability HCT PICTURE: A shepherd in a field. Cows lie dead in a field. Their bodies are marked with the features of good recognizable movie posters. CAPTION: “I will bring a terrible plague on your content on Netflix – on your physical DVDs, Starz and new releases and on any well regarded movie released in the last five years. But the Lord will make a distinction between the content you care about and the content that is thoroughly mediocre, so that Hot Tub Time Machine will never be removed from Netflix Instant.” Plague of Facebook Apps PICTURE: A man's face covered in Farmville icons CAPTION: “So they took soot from a furnace and tossed it into the air and horrible apps broke out on the facebook profiles of all the people in the land. And no one could bear to stand before their friends because of the requests for time crystals and farm-related updates and Wall Street Journal stories that covered their facebooks.” Plague of Trolls PICTURE: A bunch of “walk like an egyptian” figures with troll faces. CAPTION: “I will send the full force of my plagues against you. At this time tomorrow, I will send the worst wave of trolls to ever fall upon the internet. Give an order now to avoid all public forums, because the trolls will descend on every person with lax privacy settings, and they will face statements intended only to enrage and depress, and the world will seem a sadder place, except for the trolls, who will have many lulz. Plague of Advertisements PICTURE: Something that looks like a tablet with hieroglyphics that is 90% covered by ads for papyrus, and crocodile dung, and Pyramid experts. CAPTION: “I will bring advertisements onto your internet tomorrow. They will cover the face of your sites so that the content cannot be seen. They will destroy what little internet enjoyment you have left after the trolls. They will push down your page and make sounds without warning and a tiger or some similar bullshit will seem to burst through the screen and sell you a soda. And it will be awful. Plague of Buffering HCT PICTURE: People pointing into the sky as if at an eclipse, but it's that youtube buffering ring. It would be great if this could be an animated gif, so it was actually spinning. CAPTION: “And total darkness covered all the video links. Or at least it seemed that way. The video would play a little bit and then stop and then play and then stop. How much am I paying for internet. Why is it doing this?” Death of Google Privacy Policy HCT PICTURE: The grim reaper with the Google Chrome logo flying over a village. CAPTION: “About midnight I will go throughout the internet and that which you loved most will die. Anonymity and privacy will be extinguished for both the rich and the poor. And there will be a loud wailing throughout the internet – worse than there has ever been or ever will be again. And then everyone will forget about it and act like it never happened.
You can now use an Xbox One controller with your computer wirelessly, even if you haven't yet upgraded to Windows 10.
Microsoft has officially introduced Windows 7 and Windows 8.1 support for the Xbox Wireless Adapter. This dongle allows an Xbox One controller to be used wirelessly with a PC or tablet. Prior to its release, Xbox One controllers could only be used on PC by plugging them in with a USB cable.
Puzzlingly, the adapter's functionality was limited to Windows 10 users when it first launched in October. There was seemingly no technical reason for this, raising questions of whether Microsoft was limiting support in order to encourage Windows 10 upgrades. The operating system is currently free for Windows 7 and 8 users, though there are those who are nonetheless uninterested in updating.
The Xbox Wireless Adapter is currently available for $25.
Dan White was a conservative Vietnam veteran and former fireman who served on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors alongside gay rights activist Harvey Milk. In November 1978, White resigned, saying that he couldn't support his family on a City Supervisor salary. Mayor George Moscone told White he would consider reappointing him if he chose to come back. White changed his mind and asked to return . Moscone, however, under pressure by Milk—whose gay-rights ordinance had been voted against by White—refused White's reappointment.The next day, White loaded a .38 revolver and went to City Hall. Entering through a window to avoid a weapons check, he walked into Moscone's office and shot him four times. He then walked down the hall to Milk's office and shot him five times, finishing with point-blank shots to the head.White turned himself in to the police later that day and admitted to the killings.At trial, his defense argued that White had diminished capacity due to depression, and thus could not have premeditated the killings. As evidence for his depression, they mentioned that he had been eating a lot of junk food. The media seized on this factor as the cause of White's depression and eventually, the argument became known, famously, as the “Twinkie defense.”A mostly conservative jury found White guilty of voluntary manslaughter rather than murder . He was only sentenced to seven years and eight months in prison.San Francisco's gay community was outraged and demanded justice for Milk. A large crowd marched to City Hall and began rioting ; some protesters began smashing windows, setting fire to police cars and starting fights with police officers.Later that night, after the protest had dissipated, the police entered the Castro district and attacked patrons of the Elephant Walk bar. The next day—Milk's birthday—the violence turned to celebration, as the Castro district remembered the life of Harvey Milk.
On Tuesday, Roku introduced a new entry-level model to its streaming video player lineup, and announced the imminent addition of an HBO Go channel for all Roku devices.
The $50 Roku LT is the least expensive Roku model, and comes in a special edition purple color. Like the $60 Roku 2 HD, the LT supports 720p video and has built-in wireless networking. But unlike the members of the Roku 2 family ( ), the LT forgos Bluetooth and a microSD card slot (which also means it can't enjoy the Roku 2's new gaming options). The Roku LT should be available in early November.
At the same time, Roku announced a new HBO Go channel—a service currently available via iOS app and select cable companies—that allows those who subscribe to HBO via their cable or satellite provider to additionally stream every episode of every HBO show produced for no additional charge (more than 1400 titles, according to HBO).
Older series include The Wire, The Sopranos, Six Feet Under, Rome, and Deadwood. Those looking for more recent fare will find Flight of the Conchords, The Ricky Gervais Show, Entourage, Game of Thrones, Boardwalk Empire, and True Blood. Additionally, you can use HBO Go to stream movies currently playing on HBO such as Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (Part 1), Get Him to the Greek, and Crazy Heart. HBO Go is expected to be available on all Roku players by the end of October.
Roku players support more than 300 channels, including Netflix, Hulu Plus, Amazon Instant Video, and several professional sports subscription options.
As the Hollywood writers' strike enters its second week, the cold facts are starting to sink in. Such as: no more new Daily Show s for God knows how long (after talks broke down last Sunday, a negotiator for the studios warned that the strike could last nine months). The Daily Show may be the canary in the coal mine of this strike, the first place the writers' absence will be keenly felt by viewers. Unlike scripted dramas and sitcoms, Comedy Central's flagship show went into reruns as soon as the strike began. It's also highly topical, dependent on each day's events for content. And unlike actual news broadcasts (or the dismal-sounding new game shows the networks are proposing to fill airtime during the strike), The Daily Show is also dependent on the voices of gifted writers. While a Grey's Anatomy rerun is a bummer only if you've already seen that episode, a Daily Show rerun is the television equivalent of a day-old newspaper. It's birdcage liner.
A five-year-old episode of The Daily Show, on the other hand, is pure gold—a fact made plain by the launch of the show's new Web site last month. Before, seekers of already-aired TDS material had to make do with the limited clips available on the cluttered Comedy Central home page, or try their luck among user posts on YouTube. At the new site, they can search the past nine years of episodes in their entirety—more than 13,000 clips, with tools that allow you to sort by air date, content, number of page views, or viewer rating. It's a library of the show, organized with an archivist's attention to detail and a fan's affection for signature moments.
The writers' strike provides the ideal excuse to waste large portions of your workday combing the Daily Show archive for fondly remembered bits, like the priceless Stewart/Corddry exchange that aired the day after Dick Cheney's hunting accident:
This browsing serves not just as a stand-in for the nightly Stewart fix you're no longer getting, but as a lesson in what the strike is all about and how much is at stake in the current media wars over intellectual property. When Viacom, Comedy Central's parent company, sued Google for copyright infringement earlier this year, The Daily Show was a large part of the reason. Clips of the show were consistently among the most-viewed on YouTube (at least as far as commercially produced content goes—it's part of YouTube's charm that nothing the entertainment industry has produced can top a minute and a half of a Swedish baby laughing). When Viacom realized that there was no beating YouTube, they decided to join them, building a site that would house the show's archive in such style that viewers would simply choose to search there instead, and hence, maybe sit through the post-roll ads that follow every clip.
Dana Stevens is Slate's movie critic.
Playing around on the Daily Show site, I saw for the first time how the Web might really change TV—not by streaming a promotional teaser here and there or allowing users to post random screen grabs on YouTube, but by providing searchable online databases of years' worth of content that are updated to include current episodes. When The Daily Show does come back (please Lord, let it be before Super Tuesday), I may well start watching even new episodes this way: at my desk in the morning, instead of on the couch at 11 o'clock at night. Multiply that defection by the size of the show's fan base and the subsequent migration of advertising dollars from screen to Web, and the writers' demand for a piece of the online action starts to make plenty of sense.
It's probably not news to you that as residents of this fine Universe we call home, we can only move left or right, up or down, backwards or forwards. That's it. There aren't any other possible directions that aren't some combination of those three.
These are our Universe's three spatial dimensions, and why we have exactly three of them (not just one or two, five or 80) is still something of a mystery.
Not that physicists haven't been searching for an answer - explaining the fundamental nature of reality is just a really hard nut to crack. But a new paper has shown that a universe with our laws of thermodynamics (which describe how energy moves around) will always get stuck with exactly three spatial dimensions. So basically, this paper just explained the Universe.
The researchers, from the University of Salamanca in Spain and the National Polytechnic Institute of Mexico, explained it with the first and second laws of thermodynamics.
For our purposes, these laws say that a system - whether it's a universe, a human, or a rock - can't do anything that requires more energy than it has to start out, unless it gets more energy added. And if the system gets bigger without gaining energy, like we think our Universe has, then, on average, there's less energy available in any particular place.
Put those together, and it means that once the Universe stopped having enough energy to complete the same action everywhere, the whole Universe could never do that thing again - though certain parts of it might be able to if they could concentrate enough energy.
We'll get back to that shortly, but the above description probably irks some of my fellow physicists. Take a deep breath. It'll be okay.
Thermodynamics works in any number of dimensions. It works in our 3D Universe, of course, but it also would work in two spatial dimensions, where the only possible directions to travel were left-right and up-down. In a two-dimensional universe, it would be physically impossible to move backward or forward, because that direction just wouldn't exist.
But, as the authors of this new paper, published in Europhysics Letters, explain, a universe could also have four dimensions: left-right, up-down, backward-forward, and 'flirp-flarp' - or whatever you want to call the new direction.
In that universe, it would be possible to travel in a direction that's completely impossible in our Universe. And, similarly, in such a universe, the laws of thermodynamics could work perfectly well.
With this in mind, we know that energy can move from one place to another, but it would still be impossible for a system to use more energy than it has available. The same goes for five, or six, or 30 dimensions.
The physicists decided to see what happens if you start a universe with a completely undefined number of dimensions - a universe where it's unclear how many directions you can move in. As Lisa Zyga reports for Phys.org, they found something interesting.
In our incredibly early Universe - like, millionths of a trillionth of a trillionth of a trillionth of a trillionth of a second after the Big Bang - everything was really, really hot, and there were huge amounts of energy in every tiny part of space. Any number of dimensions could have worked equally well at this point; there wasn't really any way to tell the difference between a universe with one dimension and a universe with seven.
But very quickly afterwards, as the energy spread out, the Universe got caught in a kind of rut and didn't have enough energy everywhere to get out. And remember: once the Universe doesn't have enough energy to get out of somewhere, it's never going to.
The rut that everywhere in the Universe settled into was one with three spatial dimensions - exactly the Universe that we see today, says the team. The paper makes it clear that among all of the possible numbers of dimensions, our lowly three was inevitable.
Oh and by the way, the researchers also propose that it's possible, in theory, to pack enough energy into a tiny bit of space that - in that one spot - the Universe momentarily escapes its rut. It might take a particle accelerator the size of the Solar System, but in principle, it's doable.
If we ever do get something like that running, maybe we'll see a proton, for the most fleeting of moments, move flirp for a few trillionths of a metre before returning to the boring old left.
Posted on by Scotty Zacher
A morbid comedy of fate done to perfection
Reviewed by Jason Rost
Watching “Saturday Night Live” this past year I've tried hard to believe it's on its way back to a quality decade. There are currently some talented cast members and writers, a few with Second City roots. However, I am consistently disappointed. Every sketch comes off as a stale parody of a brilliant sketch from past golden ages of the show. I was not exactly sure what was missing until I saw The Second City's 99th revue, The South Side of Heaven. After over 50 years, Second City has managed to continue to stay current, take risks and find ways to still shock audiences through comedy. South Side shakes the status quo with writing that is absurd, truthful, and at times, refreshingly dark. Don't expect a laugh-line at the end of each scene in this revue. There are moments of silence and reflection to take in comedy writing that is more than just a collection of sketches. Director Billy Bungeroth (critically acclaimed for his e.t.c. show still running, The Absolutely Best Friggin' Time of Your Life – our review ★★★½ ) maintains an aspect of comedy that is currently non-existent in the NBC counterpart to Second City: it remains vital.
Bungeroth of course has an unbelievably talented group of actors and writers in Edgar Blackmon, Holly Laurent, Timothy Edward Mason, Katie Rich, Sam Richardson and Tim Robinson. While Richardson gives what may be the best Obama impersonation I've ever seen, if there's only one name to store away from this cast, Robinson is the one. He is bravely sardonic and juvenile as the outgoing Mayor Daley, complete with a flapping cape that is the Chicago flag. This is juxtaposed by Edgar Blackmon's no-nonsense rapping version of Rahm Emanuel who, with a mob boss' glare, reminds us to “Pay your taxes.” Robinson also showcases his commitment to his scene partner, which happens to be a Chipotle burrito, in one of the scenes I most identified with, along with a horde of other Chicagoans whose mouth waters at the glimpse of the gold foil wrapped delicacy on a billboard.
It also must be noted that, in part, what makes the casting of this show extraordinary is that there are two African-American actors, something Second City and other Chicago comedy venues fail at historically. The impact is that this allows the stereotypes of whites and blacks to be played to the edge; it also allows the African-American actors to play roles that have nothing to do with race, such as a truly heartfelt, hilarious and truthful segment featuring Robinson and Richardson. Robinson is a 30-something who still believes he's going to play basketball for the Bulls, while Richardson is a United Center security guard who has aspirations of being a ninja. Heck, as he states, “I'm practically a ninja already.” The friendship and imagination in this scene plays out delightfully, especially to a Gen X and Gen Y crowd who may or may not still play NBA Jam on an old Sega Genesis.
Laurent and Rich complement each other perfectly in their scenes, and hold their own as the female voice in this male dominated cast. They never quite play the sex object—even as Kobe Bryant's escorts they are still tongue-in-cheek as opinionated Chicago Polish babes. In another piece, Laurent is an English teacher hiding domestic issues which the smart outspoken Rich, as her student, sees through. The message in this scene attests to teaching our youth more facts about how the “real world” works. The segment could also hold its own as an incredible ten-minute play.
Thematically, South Side makes a comedic case for one of the nation's largest problems. In America, people do not think of themselves as poor or middle class. Everyone is wealthy and successful and only in a temporary rut. We are constantly looking upward. People continue to overspend and over-live thinking that the future version of them will be rich enough to afford it. This is why people love American Idol and The Lottery, because it provides the illusion that “Joe Schmo” can become an overnight millionaire, or, why Mayor Daley fought so hard to get Chicago the Olympics, even when it wasn't fiscally reasonable. South Side professes that people might try realizing that EVERYBODY'S life is miserable regardless of how perfect other people's lives seem to be. While the show doesn't entirely bash having dreams and aspirations, it does suggest that there are simply certain fates that cannot be altered. Perhaps only Cubs fans truly understand this notion, and in the best sketch of the night, the rousing debate between Cubs fans and Sox fans transcends the “Red Eye” obligatory June front cover and encroaches upon the territory of Jabari Asim (author of “ The N-Word ”).
The outrageous and darkly absurd also make several appearances throughout the night. Laurent has created a character reminiscent of Mary Catherine Gallagher, only the awkwardness is amped way up. A scene in with Robinson is the driver of a Chicago tourist horse drawn carriage ride (with Richardson dedicating all of himself to the part of the horse) goes to a place you don't see coming, and keeps going. And Robinson earns the full exposure award of the night for unabashedly leaving nothing on stage as a captivating dancer.
Another absolutely brilliant scene stars the quick witted Timothy Edward Mason as a TSA agent. Without giving too much away, this segment revolves around the new full body screening at airport security check-in sites. However, it becomes about so much more as it uses the audience, without their knowledge, to unquestionably prove how fragile our identities really are in the over exposed society we live in.
The technical and musical elements play an exceptionally large role in this production. Spotlights don't always illuminate what we should be looking at. Julie B. Nichols' music direction provides for very effective live accompaniment. Her transition music is a heavy quick dance beat that keeps the crowd lively. Sarah E. Ross' set screams contemporary…and Apple Store, something that is both visually fresh and opens itself up to parody for the actors.
For those of you who treat Second City a little like Blue Man Group (you saw it 7 years ago and enjoyed it and you'd like to get back one day), do not make this mistake with South Side. All Second City shows are not created equal. There is no better way to come out of your winter hibernation than to laugh uncontrollably at this show. It may even make you change some of your Facebook privacy settings, reanalyze race in Chicago, and accept what life has dealt you with a stiff drink taking in this revue, created by some of the best in the world at what they do. You might even call them the “Montell Jordan” of comedy.
Rating: ★★★★
South Side of Heaven is in an open run at The Second City Mainstage, 1616 N. Wells. Shows are Tuesday through Thursday 8PM, Friday and Saturday 8PM and 11PM, and Sunday 7PM. Tickets are $22 Sunday thru Thursday and $27 Friday and Saturday. Tickets are available by phone at (312) 337-3992 or online at www.SecondCity.com.
Artists
Writers/Performers
Edgar Blackmon, Holly Laurent, Timothy Edward Mason, Katie Rich, Sam Richardson and Tim Robinson
Production
Billy Bungeroth (director); Julie Nichols (music director); Meghan Teal (stage manager); Logan Vaughn (stylist); Sarah E. Ross (sets); Andrew Alexander, Diana Martinez, Kelly Leonard, Alison Riley and Monica Wilson (producing team).
All photos by Michael Brosilow and John McCloskey
Rate this: Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Print
Email
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Filed under: 2011 Reviews, Jason Rost, Piper's Alley, Second City | Tagged: Alison Riley, Andrew Alexander, Billy Bungeroth, Diana Martinez, Edgar Blackmon, Holly Laurent, Jabari Asim, Jason Rost, John McCloskey, Julie Nichols, Katie Rich, Kelly Leonard, Logan Vaughn, Mary Catherine Gallagher, Meghan Teal, Michael Brosilow, Monica Wilson, Sam Richardson, Sarah E. Ross, South Side of Heaven, The Absolute Best Friggin' Time of Your Life, The Second City, The Second City Mainstage, Tim Robinson, Timothy Edward Mason |
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi claimed that the Republican tax cut plan “raises taxes on [the] middle class,” while President Donald Trump claimed that “everybody's gonna benefit” from a plan that “is for the middle class.”
Which is it? Some in the “middle class” — however we might define that — would see higher taxes, but others would see a tax cut, according to an analysis of the GOP framework by the Tax Policy Center. The president is wrong to say everybody would benefit, while Pelosi ignores that most taxpayers in the group she considers the “middle class” would see a tax cut.
The president also said that the tax plan “ensures that the benefits of tax reform go to the middle class, not to the highest earners,” but the Tax Policy Center analysis found most of the benefits of the tax cut go to the top 1 percent.
The White House and GOP congressional leaders released the framework of their tax plan on Sept. 27.
The plan would cut the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent; abolish the alternative minimum tax; collapse the seven income tax brackets, ranging from 10 percent to 39.6 percent, to three (12 percent, 25 percent and 35 percent); increase the standard deduction but eliminate exemptions; eliminate most itemized deductions except for mortgage interest and charitable giving; increase the child tax credit; and abolish the estate tax.
There are many details missing from that framework, such as the income thresholds for the tax brackets, the amount of the child tax credit and more. The Tax Policy Center was able to do a “preliminary analysis,” using previous GOP and Trump administration proposals to fill in the blanks. “While the revenue, distributional, and economic effects are likely to
change as policymakers negotiate the details,” the TPC wrote in its report, “this analysis provides an estimate of the effects of the September 27 framework as we currently understand it.”
The Tax Policy Center is a nonpartisan think tank. Its tax policy experts rely on federal tax data and use the same tax modeling techniques practiced by the Treasury Department and nonpartisan congressional tax experts, such as those at the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation.
Pelosi made her claim twice on Oct. 5, on the floor of the House and in a press availability. She described the GOP tax cut as beneficial for the wealthy and “corporate America” but a tax hike of a half a trillion dollars for the “middle class.”
Pelosi, Oct. 5, floor speech: Where do the tax cuts go? $2.6 trillion to corporate America and guess what happens to the middle class? $470 billion in tax increases to the middle class, about a half a trillion dollars in increases to the middle class, $2.5 trillion in tax cuts to corporate America. Pelosi, Oct. 5, press availability: The tax cuts in the bill — 80 percent of the tax cuts in the bill benefit the top 1 percent in our country. $2.6 trillion in tax cuts go to corporate America. Around $475 million — excuse me, $475 billion in tax increases go to Middle America. … So, again, it raises taxes on middle class, cuts the tax of the wealthiest, adds trillions to the deficit.
Trump, meanwhile, in an interview with Mike Huckabee on Trinity Broadcasting Network on Oct. 7, described the plan as having the opposite effect: a benefit for the middle class and not a tax cut for the wealthy.
Trump, Trinity Broadcasting Network interview, Oct. 7: I want to give the middle income people in this country — and this is not a tax [cut] for the rich. Now, everybody's gonna benefit. But this is what we're focused on more than anything and even more so, we're actually adding things in as we speak, because you know, the plan's being adjusted, et cetera. But this is for the middle class.
The president reiterated that in a speech in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, on Oct. 11, saying: “By eliminating tax breaks and special interest loopholes that primarily benefit the wealthy, our framework ensures that the benefits of tax reform go to the middle class, not to the highest earners.”
Pelosi's figures on business tax cuts and the benefits to the top 1 percent are correct, per TPC's analysis. “The business income tax provisions — including those affecting corporations and pass-through businesses — would reduce revenues by $2.6 trillion over the first ten years,” the TPC report said. And it found that 80 percent of the benefit of tax cuts would go to the top 1 percent income-earners in 2027.
But what about the “middle class,” or as the president says, “middle income people”?
As the plan stands now, some would get a tax cut and some would see a tax increase in every income quintile or group.
GOP Tax Plan: Who Benefits?
First, let's look at the big picture. Overall, the GOP tax framework would be a net tax cut for taxpayers in 2018 and 2027, according to the TPC analysis (see Tables 2 and 3).
“In 2018, all income groups would see their average taxes fall, but some taxpayers in each group would face tax increases. Those with the very highest incomes would receive the biggest tax cuts,” the TPC report says. “The tax cuts are smaller as a percentage of income in 2027, and taxpayers in the 80th to 95th income percentiles would, on average, experience a tax increase.”
TPC separates taxpayers into five groups, or quintiles, based on their income. Which income groups make up the “middle class”? There is no standard definition for the term, as we wrote back in 2008. We found then that the vast majority of Americans had said in polls that they consider themselves to be “middle class” or “upper-middle class” or “working class.”
That's still true today. In a June 2017 Gallup survey, 44 percent said they were “middle class,” 28 percent chose “working class” and 18 percent said “upper-middle class.”
“Relatively few consider themselves to be lower class or upper class, at 8% and 2%, respectively,” Gallup said. “Overall, ‘middle class' is the label Americans use more than any other to describe their social class, providing a useful catchphrase for politicians interested in appealing to the broadest swath of the public.”
Indeed, Pelosi is talking about a broad swath of the public when she claims that the GOP plan is a $470 billion tax hike on the “middle class.” She's including all but the top 10 percent of taxpayers.
Deputy Communications Director Henry Connelly explained to us that the staff calculated that figure using tables 2 and 3 of the TPC report, which give percentages for the taxpayers that would see a tax cut or a tax increase, broken down by income groups, and TPC figures for the number of taxpayers in each group. Pelosi's staff considered all taxpayers at the 90th percentile and below “middle class.”
“In 2018, that comes out to be around $26 billion a year, and by 2027, it's around $73 billion,” Connelly said. “If you project those numbers across the 10 years you get almost half a trillion dollars taken in higher taxes on the middle class.”
Connelly told us that not going up to the 90th percentile “can exclude a lot of middle class families, especially when recognizing the burdens of child care costs or high-cost areas.”
We'll leave that for readers to judge.
According to the TPC, the 90th percentile is about $217,000 in “expanded cash income” or about $158,000 in adjusted gross income in 2018. Expanded cash income is pretax income that also includes employee and employer contributions to health insurance and tax-preferred retirement accounts, retirement account income, non-taxable Social Security or pension income, employer share of payroll taxes, and food stamps. Expanded cash income would be similar to the total compensation reports that some employers send annually to employees, showing not just wages but benefits paid on their behalf.
The TPC uses expanded cash income. Joseph Rosenberg, one of the authors of the TPC report, told us the income distribution tables would change if the analysis used adjusted gross income instead, but it probably wouldn't have “a very significant effect” in terms of where taxpayers fall in the income percentiles.
We were able to duplicate Pelosi's math for the year 2027, showing a tax increase of nearly $73 billion that year on taxpayers at the 90th percentile and below. But that same arithmetic shows a tax cut of even more — $102 billion — on the same group of taxpayers. Most taxpayers at the 90th percentile and below — about 65 percent of them — would get a tax cut in 2027, based on our calculations of TPC data.
In other words, while some in what Pelosi considers the “middle class” would see a tax increase, according to the TPC analysis of the GOP framework, more in that same group would see a tax cut.
That also clearly shows that, as the plan stands now, not “everybody's gonna benefit,” as the president said.
Here's how the Tax Policy Center explains the distributional effects: “In 2018, about 12 percent of taxpayers would face a tax increase of roughly $1,800 on average. More than a third of taxpayers making between about $150,000 and $300,000 would pay more, mainly because most itemized deductions would be repealed. … By 2027, taxes would rise for roughly one-quarter of taxpayers, including nearly 30 percent of those with incomes between about $50,000 and $150,000 and 60 percent of those making between about $150,000 and $300,000.”
The tax impact in 2027 would be worse for more taxpayers than in 2018 partly because, the TPC report explains, “the plan would replace personal exemptions, which are indexed for inflation, with additional credits for children and non-child dependents that are not indexed for inflation.”
Here's the TPC chart for 2027, showing the percentage of taxpayers getting tax cuts or tax increases that year, the average amounts and the overall change by income percentile. (See the full report for the footnotes for the chart, including the percentile thresholds.)
Trump specifically mentioned “middle income people,” and later in that interview said, “middle income people, or the working people as I call them.” Middle-income would be the middle quintile — taxpayers with expanded cash income of about $50,000 to $90,000 a year. That group, too, would see mixed results.
Overall, the TPC said the Republican plan is “a small tax cut for middle-income households.” But again, some would see a tax increase.
“In 2018, the framework would cut taxes for moderate-income households by an average of $660, or 1.2 percent of their after-tax income,” Howard Gleckman, a senior fellow with TPC, wrote on the center's website. “But not everyone would win. In 2018, about one in seven middle income households would pay an average of $1,000 more in taxes under this plan. By 2027, more than one of every four middle-income families would pay more in taxes.”
The president claimed in Harrisburg that “our framework ensures that the benefits of tax reform go to the middle class, not to the highest earners.” But that's not what the framework ensures.
A majority of the top quintile (taxpayers earning $154,900 and above in 2027) would see their taxes increase, according to the TPC table above, which shows 53.4 percent of the top quintile with an average tax increase of $4,400. But 46.4 percent in that group see an average tax cut of $27,910.
For the highest earners — those in the top 1 percent and top 0.1 percent — nearly all would see lower taxes. Ninety percent of the top 1 percent — those earning about $900,000 and above in 2027 — would get a tax cut, averaging $234,050.
The explosion of Big Data and the impact it has created on the businessesbig or small has rattled every one resulting in awe and amazement in some quarters and uncertainty and realisation of lack of readiness in some others. Whatever may be the nature of current response and readiness, one thing everyone is agreed upon is the inevitability of having to build capabilities to embrace this new phenomenon and take advantage of it rather than getting left behind.
According to IDC estimates the size of the digital universe was around 130 exabytes about ten years back, which grew to 1,227 exabytes by 2010 and by 2015 it is expected to become 7,910 exabytes. What is unique about this data growth is that more than 90% of the data has got created in just last two years. With more and more sophisticated tools and methods being made available to extract as well as analyse data from customer interactions, emails, web browsing, social networks and machine sensors and a variety of new device options continuing to be made available enabling more and more web transactions, the data deluge is expected to impact every aspect of the economy. No business or for that matter even not for profit businesses can ignore the significance of Big Data. However, there is a yawning gap in terms of capabilities that businesses possess to take full advantage of the opportunities emanating from their web presence.
Many businesses continue to believe that Big Data is the business of IT. While IT strategy and tools are extremely important to derive the essence from Big Data to facilitate better understanding of customer profiles or for identifying new business opportunities, what is most important is to get Big Data embedded as part of every business role. These functions should learn to define and set expectations of their respective data requirements and interpretations in order for IT to build frameworks and provide tools for analysis. While intuition will always play an important role in decision making, ignoring data that could be tapped and made use of would lead to sub optimal decision making. This approach has to be inculcated with employees across the board. This leads us to the question of how is our education system getting geared to produce talent which is equipped with skills to think and act around the use of Big Data.
Currently very few business schools have started to incorporate Big Data and analytics as part of their curriculum. Some IT programmes offered at M Tech level include data science and data architecture as core or electives. Except for these disciplines, practically almost no other discipline has included this subject as part of their curriculum. Faculty of sociology, sciences, engineering, psychology to name a few have to be familiarised with the relevance of analytics for their respective disciplines and new curriculum frameworks are urgently required to be designed. It would benefit both organisations and the students if internships and projects could be created around this theme which will create initial familiarity for the organisations and help in deciphering how their data constructs should be designed.
In addition to specialists who will either find placement opportunities with specialist organisations offering outsourced services or join the specialist departments of businesses, there would be a demand for them with corporates in their central functions catering to various businesses and also for getting embedded as part of the business functions. The demand for data scientists and analytics professionals is ever increasing and the shortage for such skills globally is expected to be fulfilled by India. According to a study conducted by Mckinsey Global Institute, there will be approximately 140,000 to 190,000 unfilled positions of data analytics experts in the US by 2018 and a shortage of 1.5 million managers and analysts who have the ability to understand and make decisions using Big Data.
With the need for data centered thinking with every type of business expected to increase exponentially, and the necessity to inculcate the analytical flair and the thinking around data receiving high attention, it would be essential to examine multi-tiered avenues to introduce data analytics in the current education system starting from high schools to universities. Bringing together quantitative techniques, domain understanding and methods of analysis, tools for interpretation and presentation capabilities in schools would mean considering multidisciplinary approach to teaching. This is not easy to implement at schools but if we have to develop analytics talent pool on a large scale, this would be essential.
Software or hardware related education has been conceived as specialised areas of undergraduate programmes and universities have been reasonably successful in presenting a talent pool from which the industry could make a selection to meet their requirements even if it meant they had to be put through additional top up training programmes.
Building the talent pool for Big Data and analytics requires a blend of mass and customised approach. The mass training and orientation should be planned at high school and undergraduate levels. Customised or advanced techniques and curriculum could be introduced as part of the post graduate studies. Hence interventions should be planned in select schools, develop the proof of concept and train the teachers to tune their minds to the eventual areas where their students are expected to be contributing.
Once the system is ready to take off, it may also be worthwhile to consider setting up special schools for high school education with the objective of nurturing multi-disciplinary approach to teaching and lay a strong foundation for exploring the new frontiers of computing power leading to careers in
research, applications and product
development. The pre-eminence of the Indian businesses in the global knowledge services driven by Big Data
and analytics is possible to be realised when we are able to create entry barriers for other countries and therefore we need innovation and the will power to have a radically different approach to education, skilling and talent pool development.
The writer is CEO, Global Talent Track, a corporate training solutions company
Microsoft says that your overheating Surface Pro 3 is not actually overheating, never mind what that thermometer icon on the boot screen says.
For the last few weeks, Surface Pro 3 owners have taken to complaining on Microsoft's support website about the device becoming too hot to handle even during light tasks. They've even put together a spreadsheet to collect all the complaints in one place. The problem seems to occur in the higher-end Core i7 version of the Surface Pro 3.
Now, Microsoft has issued this statement to Windows blogger Paul Thurrott:
"The Surface Team is aware of a very small number of Surface Pro 3 Intel Core i7 devices that are temporarily restarting and incorrectly showing a 'Thermometer Gauge' icon while attempting to boot up. Our investigation reveals that the system is triggering this event sooner than it should for some people, only when the device restarts, and this does not occur when the device is booted and running. We have an update that will address this that will be ready for our customers as soon as possible."
So...there's no problem. But we're still issuing a fix. Good job, Microsoft. [Winsupersite.com]
In part one of this two-part series, I explained why my Hackathon team wanted to build an open source photo gallery in Drupal 8, and integrate it with Amazon S3, Rekognition, and Lambda for face and object recognition.
In this post, I'll detail how we built it, then how you can set it up, too!
tl;dr: Check out the open source Drupal Photo Gallery project on GitHub, and read through its README for setup instructions so you can build an intelligent photo gallery powered by Drupal and AWS Rekognition.
Storing images on a Amazon S3 with the S3FS module
Once we had a basic Drupal 8 site running on Acquia Cloud with a 'Gallery' content type and an 'Image' Media type, we switched the Image's Media entity image field to store images in Amazon S3 instead of Drupal's public files directory.
The S3 File System module makes this easy. We had to use Composer to install it ( composer require drupal/s3fs ) since it has a few PHP library dependencies. We then configured the S3FS module settings ( /admin/config/media/s3fs ), and pasted in an Access Key and Secret Key for our team's AWS account, as well as the S3 bucket name where we'd store all the files from the site. We changed the Image field in the Media Image entity to store files (the 'Upload destination' on the Field settings page) on 'S3 File System'.
Note: For security reasons, you should create a bucket for the website in S3, then create an IAM User in AWS (make sure the user has 'Programmatic access'!), and then add a new group or permissions that only allows that user access to the website's bucket. The CloudFormation template, mentioned later, sets this up for you automatically.
We stored all the files in a publicly accessible bucket, which means anyone could view uploaded images if they guess the S3 URL. For better privacy and security, it would be a good idea to configure S3FS to have a separate private and public directory in the S3 bucket, and to store all the gallery images in a private bucket. This is more secure, but note that it means all images would need to be passed through your webserver before they are delivered to authenticated users (so you'd likely have a slightly slower-to-load site, depending on how many users are viewing images!).
Why did we store files in S3 instead of on the webserver directly? There are a few reasons, but the main one in our case is storage capacity. Most hosting plans offer only 20, 50, or 100 GB of on-server storage, or charge a lot extra for higher-capacity plans. With photos from modern cameras getting larger and larger (nowadays 10, 20, even 40 MB JPEGs are possible!), it's important to have infinite capacity—which S3 gives us for a pretty minimal cost! S3 also makes it easy to trigger a Lambda function for new files, which we'll discuss next.
Using AWS Lambda to integrate Drupal, S3, and Rekognition
This is the automated image processing workflow we built:
A user uploads a picture (or a batch of pictures) to Drupal 8 using Entity Browser. Drupal 8 stores each picture in an Amazon S3 bucket (using S3FS). An AWS Lambda function is triggered for each new picture copied into our S3 bucket (more on that in a bit!). The Lambda function sends the image to Rekognition, then receives back the object and facial recognition data. The Lambda function calls a REST API resource on the Drupal 8 site to deliver the data via JSON. Drupal 8's Rekognition API module parses the data and stores labels and recognized faces in Drupal taxonomies, then relates the labels and faces to the Media Image entity (for each uploaded image).
This was my first time working directly with Lambda, and it was neat to see how Lambda (and other 'serverless' infrastructure) can function as a kind of glue between actions. Just like when I built my first Node.js app and discovered how it's asynchronous nature could complement a front-end built with Drupal and PHP, Lambda has opened my eyes to some new ways I can act on different data internally in AWS without building and managing an always-on server.
The Lambda function itself, which is part of the Rekognition API module (see index.js), is a fairly straightforward Node.js function. In a nutshell, the function does the following:
Get the S3 bucket name and object path for a newly-created file. Run rekognition.detectLabels() to discover 'Labels' associated with the image (e.g. 'Computer', 'Desk', 'Keyboard'), then POST the Labels to Drupal 8's Rekognition API endpoint. Run rekognition.indexFaces() to discover 'Faces' associated with the image (and any 'FaceMatches' with other faces that have been indexed previously), then POST the facial recognition data to Drupal 8's Rekognition API endpoint—once for each identified face.
So for a given image, Drupal can receive anywhere from one to many API calls, depending on the number of faces in the image. And the Lambda function uses basic HTTP authentication, so it passes a username and password to Drupal to authenticate its API requests.
On Drupal's side, the Rekognition API POST endpoint (set up in Drupal as a REST Resource plugin) does the following:
Verifies the callback is for a valid, existing File entity. Stores any Labels in the body of the request as new Taxonomy terms (or relates existing Taxonomy terms, if the Label already exists in Drupal). Stores any Faces in the body of the request as new 'Face UUIDs' (since these are what Rekognition uses to relate Faces across all images), and also ensures there is a corresponding 'Name' for every unique, unrelated Face.
That third step is critical to making an 'intelligent' gallery—it's pretty easy to be able to detect faces in pictures. You could use something like OpenCV to do this without involving Rekognition at all.
But if you want that data to mean something, you need to be able to relate faces to each other. So if you identify "this face is Jeff Geerling" in one picture, then in the next 5,000 photos of Jeff Geerling you upload, you shouldn't have to keep telling the photo gallery "this face is Jeff Geerling, too... and so is this one, and this one..." This is what Rekognition and it's fancy machine learning algorithms gets us.
So in Drupal, we store each FaceId or each of the Faces in FaceMatches as a unique face_uuid node, and we store a separate name node which is related to one or more face_uuid s, and is also related back to the Media entity.
If you're interested in the details, check out the entire Rekognition API module for Drupal.
Displaying the data on the site
It's nice to have this structured data—galleries, images, faces, labels, and names—but it's not helpful unless there's an intuitive UI to browse the images and view the data!
Our Hackathon cheated a little bit here, because I had already built a basic theme and some views to display the majority of the information. We only had to touch up the theme a bit, and add labels and names to the Image media type's full entity display.
One of the best front-end features of the gallery is powered by Drupal 8's built-in Responsive Image functionality, which made responsive images really easy to implement. Our photos look their best on any mobile, tablet, or desktop device, regardless of display pixel density! What this means in the real world is if you're viewing the site on a 'retina' quality display, you get to see crisp, high-res images like this:
Instead of blurry, pixelated images like this:
Most photographers try to capture images with critical focus on the main subject, and having double resolution images really makes technically brilliant pictures 'pop' when viewed on high-resolution displays.
We display names below the image, then a list of all the labels associated with the image. Then we display some other metadata, and there's a back and forward link to allow people to browse through the gallery like on Facebook, Flickr, etc.
We wanted to add some more functionality to the image display and editing interface, but didn't get time during the Hackathon—for example, we hoped to make it easy to click-and-update names associated with images, but we realized we'd also need to add a feature that highlights the face in the image when you roll over a name, otherwise there's no way to identify individual names in a picture with multiple faces!
So I've added issues like Add edit link next to each name on image page to the Drupal Photo Gallery project, and if I can spare some time, I might even work on implementing more of these features myself!
All the configuration for the site is in the Drupal Photo Gallery project on GitHub, and if you want to get into more detail, I highly encourage following the instructions in the README to install it locally using Drupal VM's Docker image (it should only take 5-10 minutes!).
Next steps
There were a number of other features we had in our original "nice-to-haves" list, but didn't have time to implement during the Hackathon, including:
Per-album and/or per-photo group-based permissions.
Sharing capabilities per-album and per-photo (e.g. like Google Drive, where you can share a link to allow viewing and/or editing, even to people who don't have an account on the site).
Photo delivery via private filesystem (currently the S3 bucket is set to allow public access to all the images).
Configure and use different REST authentication methods besides basic HTTP authentication.
Easy enablement of HTTPS/TLS encryption for the site.
I may implement some of these things for my own private photo sharing site, and I hope others who might also have a passion for Drupal and Photography would be willing to help as well!
If that sounds like you, head over to the Drupal Photo Gallery project page, download the project, and install it yourself!
Or, if you're more interested in just the image processing functionality, check out the standalone Rekognition API module for Drupal 8! It includes an entire AWS CloudFormation template to build the AWS infrastructure necessary to integrate Drupal and Rekognition using an S3 bucket that triggers a Lambda function. The AWS setup instructions are detailed here: AWS setup - S3, Lambda, and Rekognition.
David Shaw knows a thing or two about wide receivers.
As offensive coordinator and head coach over the last seven seasons, the former Cardinal wideout has mentored four Stanford receivers who now play the position in the NFL — as well as a fifth, Seahawks corner Richard Sherman '10, who has played a little bit of pro ball himself. So when Shaw says that this year's crop of Cardinal receivers is the best he's ever worked with on the Farm, you should probably pay attention.
“I think from top to bottom, it's the best group,” Shaw said after Saturday's open practice. “And that will cause some angst from some of the guys when they read that report, because at one point we had Chris Owusu, Richard Sherman, Doug Baldwin, Ryan Whalen and Griff Whalen — all playing in the NFL right now — all playing in the receiving corps. And for me to say that this is an extremely special group, those guys will be upset with me for saying that.
“But I think it's true.”
This year's receivers certainly pass the eye test, whether you're looking at a stat sheet or at the wideouts themselves.
Senior Ty Montgomery headlines the group for a second straight year, looking to build on a season that saw him snag 10 touchdown receptions, take two kickoffs to the house and win The Jet Award for his kick return abilities. That's not to mention the potential first-round pick's school-record-tying, five-touchdown performance (four rushing, one receiving) against Cal, his sub-4.4 40-yard dash time or his four percent body fat, which Shaw recently said “makes no sense” for a 220-pound receiver.
But if this unit is truly special, it's because of the diverse set of weapons behind Touchdown Ty.
“I think probably the biggest reason why it feels [exciting] is that everybody is like a cheerleader to everybody else,” said senior wide receiver Jordan Pratt. “To be honest, I think everybody's excited about what everybody else in the room can do, not just themselves.”
While Montgomery creates a mismatch with his feet, fellow senior Devon Cajuste creates a mismatch with his 6-foot-4 frame. That stature helped Cajuste set a single-season school record for yards per catch (22.9) in 2013, when the slot receiver was badly needed to compensate for the Cardinal's dip in tight end production.
That's not to say Cajuste lacks speed. In fact, he was especially effective on third-and-long last season, reeling in a 57-yard touchdown pass on a third-and-9 against Washington State and a 78-yard grab on third-and-6 in the Pac-12 Title Game. And on both plays, Cajuste found separation against a linebacker deep downfield.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vaKmfik65U&t=29m50s
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGpVZbdugIM&t=103m0s
Shaw said recently that Cajuste's measurables (229 pounds, low 4.4s in the 40) also didn't make sense, which probably has something to do with why he mystified Pac-12 defenses last season. Those numbers are the result of a lot of hard work, as Cajuste put on 12 pounds between 2012 — when he recorded just one catch — and his breakout 2013 campaign.
“[Cajuste] is a workout warrior,” said wide receivers and quarterbacks coach Tavita Pritchard. “He's one of those guys that when he puts his mind to something, like getting in shape and like working his body into a place where he's ready for a season, it's a sight to behold.”
So Stanford's recipe for success at wide receiver is a whole lot of speed and a whole lot of muscle, with a little bit of height mixed in. What else?
Get this: more speed.
Stanford's No. 3 receiver, junior Michael Rector, was so effective downfield last season that he had a higher yard per catch average (30.8) than Cajuste; he just didn't have enough receptions to officially set the school record.
But what Rector does have — or at least, what he claims to have — is more speed than Montgomery.
“I'm faster,” Rector said. “Ty's really fast also. We're pretty close…This last spring we ran 40s and I was the fastest, but Ty wasn't there because he was injured with his shoulder.”
That injury, which still could sideline Montgomery for the season opener against UC-Davis on Aug. 30, puts some pressure on Rector to prove that he can do more than just run deep routes, which has been a focus of his this offseason.
“It's a misconception about him, that he's just a deep shot guy,” Pritchard said. “And he's not that. He runs every route extremely well, coming off the ball, attacking a DB. Those guys feel his speed, which is what allows him to run all the different routes as well.”
At least once last year, a Stanford opponent had to pay the price for respecting Rector's speed. On a second-and-20 in the Pac-12 Title Game, Arizona State gave Rector eight yards of cushion, setting up an easy 34-yard screen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGpVZbdugIM&t=84m45s
That 38-14 Stanford win also served as a coming-out party of sorts for Pratt, who had three catches for 56 yards in what could be a sign of great things to come. The AAA pitcher turned environmental engineer turned 29-year-old depth receiver “does everything right,” Shaw said.
“Just being out there, consistent, bringing a lot of intensity, knowing what to do, being ready to fill in where they need me,” Pratt described himself. “Just a guy who does the job.”
Rounding out the group are sophomore Francis Owusu and fifth-year senior Jeff Trojan, who combined for eight catches last year.
Though the Cardinal's wide receivers accounted for 65 percent of the team's catches in 2013 — up from 33 percent in 2012 — the highly anticipated emergence of three sophomore tight ends likely means that the Stanford passing game will regain some balance this season. But with an embarrassment of riches that should keep opponents guessing play in, play out, the Cardinal's wideouts are primed to capitalize on their opportunities even more effectively in 2014.
“We have a wide variety of receivers,” Rector said. “I think this could be one of the best receiving corps we've ever had at this school.”
Someone's been listening to David Shaw.
Contact Joseph Beyda at jbeyda ‘at' stanford.edu.
2014 Stanford Football Preview Series
Offensive Line 8/7/14 Fullbacks 8/8/14 Tight Ends 8/12/14 Wide Receivers 8/13/14 Running Backs 8/15/14 Defensive Backs 8/18/14 Linebackers 8/21/14 Defensive Line 8/22/14 Special Teams 8/25/14 Quarterbacks 8/27/14
let me explain.
today, during my art class, we were all dicking around since we had a substitute. so i turn to my friend and ask him who i should draw in a dress/skirt. he says that i should draw etho, which isn't a big deal since i don't believe that clothing really needs to have a gender.
so i finish drawing and watercoloring the piece and everything, i'm liking the look of it and feeling all cocky about it. so i turn to that same friend and say: "i'm thinking of a number between one and 100. if you get it, i'll post it to the subreddit!". and i think that i'm invincible, since that's such a big difference. i decide that my number is going to be six, especially since no one goes that low when guessing up to 100.
so my friend, who i'm convinced is a robot or part computer, turns, thinks and says "six?"
and here we are.
First, let's set the scene.
The U.S. is killing far more people than intended in some drone strikes, according to a report likely to raise new questions about the Obama administration's reliance on drones in its battle against Islamic terrorists. The Intercept, in a wide-ranging set of articles on the U.S. drone program, reported that in one five month-period, nearly 90 percent of people killed by strikes in an operation in northeastern Afghanistan were not the intended targets. The news outlet reports documents detailing Operation Haymaker show that the campaign, that lasted between January 2012 and February 2013, killed more than 200 people, but only 35 were the intended targets[*].
…Well, yes, that's why the Bush administration limited the practice (less than fifty during his administration). Sure, it's a cheap way to kill people without risking anybody who might have voting rights; but absent hard intelligence on the ground it's also a great way to kill people that maybe you didn't want to kill. Needless to say, Needless to say, that last part isn't really all that important to the Obama administration; there's a remarkable… callousness to their foreign policy methodology. Or possibly it's just a institutional unwillingness to admit when they're wrong. Or kind of evil. At any rate, the Obama administration has vastly expanded the program, and they're not particularly sorry about it, either.
But I find it mildly entertaining that The Intercept – which is run by the anti-American fanatic Glenn Greenwald – is so upset over drone strikes, given that it's the antiwar movement's fault that the Obama administration is using them. You see, the antiwar Left has made it impossible for a Democratic President to run a war in a coherent fashion; Barack Obama can't simply send in ground troops to kill the Bad People. But the Bad People are still there, and you leave them alone then they start building slave marts and sacrificial altars. So… Barack Obama abandoned the scalpel for the hand grenade. Throw enough of them, and maybe you'll keep the nascent terror regimes down to a dull roar.
As to why the antiwar movement lets Barack Obama get away with it – and make no mistake, they will – it's simple: the people being droned aren't white**. If we ever blow up a couple of French or Canadian who have decided to embrace the jihadi tourist lifestyle, well, sure, then the antiwar movement will start freaking out and marching. But until then? …Don't hold your breath.
Moe Lane (crosspost)
PS: If this sounds a lot like what happened with the antiwar movement and extraordinary rendition… well. Yeah. There's a reason for that.
PPS: Revealing classified materials without permission is still a crime even when you don't agree with either the policy it reveals, or the administration that started that policy.
*Mind you, that number does not address how many of them were people who we wouldn't mind blowing up anyway, and how many were effective slaves of the people who we wouldn't mind blowing up anyway.
**Although technically they are, as much as this particular designation actually means anything. Look, I don't pretend to understand the race-obsessed lunatics that are currently steering the Democratic Party's foreign policy. I'm just the guy being horrified at what they do on a regular basis.
I have been working on larger projects in Jenkins. I hope to have a post put together in the next few weeks that shows better uses for multiple build steps. For now I thought I'd talk about a plugin I came across and some of the quirks you'll run into when trying to do Powershell, Jenkins and the EnvInject plugin.
The plug-in allows you to create a file and define environment variables. These variables can persist between build steps and builds. It also allows you to override the default ENV variables Jenkins gets from the server. This can be used to enforce an environment over different Jenkin servers. For example if you need to modify the windows Path variable ($env:Path in jenkins) you can add a config file that makes the modification temporarily for the build rather than making a permanent change to the Windows OS. You can read more on the Environment Inject Plugin wiki.
For this post I'll just use a few simple scripts to create a new Environment variable and hand it to a second build step. You could use a CSV file to do this as well, but I like the uniform cleanliness of using the Environment variables. It simplifies script re-use for me, your mileage of course may vary with your work flow.
First we will install the plugin. You'll need to go to Manage Jenkins → Manage Plugins → Available
Filter for “Envinject” and install the plugin:
The first build we won't be enabling the plugin. This is to show the default behavior of Jenkins to contrast the difference between the plug in behavior. Click New Item. I named the build “Env-Inject Example 1” and used a Free style project. Once created the build properties are as show:
The non-working code can be found here on pastebin.
The code simple outputs some text to so we can keep track of what is going on in from the console output.
Unsurprisingly we see a blank spot before Finished: SUCCESS where the $Keep_me variable didn't make it to the second build step.
The Environment Inject Plugin requires a file to read from. We can define one anywhere and provide the path. For simplicity I'll add the file to the workspace for the project. The workspace path can be seen on our console output above. Look for the line “Building in Workspace” for my configuration it is found on “C:\Program Files\Jenkins\workspace\Env-Inject Example1”. Lets create a blank file on the Jenkins Server called build.prop
Once the file is in place go back to jenkins and we will add “Inject environment Variables” to the build.
We will then move the step to the middle of the Jenkins build like so:
With Injected file at the top of the build we will need to change the code to write to the file. The code (showed above) can be found on pastebin here.
For the first build step the the changes are at the end step:
echo "build 1"
$keep_me = "fubar"
echo "do more stuff"
$save_variable = "Keep_me=" + $keep_me
$save_variable |Out-file build.prop -Encoding ASCII
We output the variable with the environment tag we want. In this case I called it “Keep_me” just like the variable name. I then output to the build.prop file. Notice how I didn't define a path. Since we put the original file in the workspace Jenkins checks there first for assets. If you wanted to output this to a different location, simply define the path to use. I also declared explicitly to encode the output as ASCII. Powershell defaults to UTF8 and Jenkins doesn't like that encoding. So writing the code like:
echo "KEEP_ME=Fubar" >> build.prop
would fail since the encoding would be utf and Jenkins would miss interpret the result.
The second build step we declare the environmental variable and assign it a variable:
echo "build 2"
$keep_me =$env:Keep_me
echo "Did it make it"
echo "$Keep_me"
This is the same way you would declare any other environment variable available to Jenkins. For example the Path environmental variable found in Windows is $env:Path.
When we run the build we see that the console output now shows the expected output just above Finished: Success is now “fubar” like we declared.
If you go back to your build.prop file you will see that it has now been set with the environmental variable.
That is a persistent change. You can overwrite the variable so each build is different, but the file stays with the variables from the last build. You can also prep multiple overriding Environment variables from within the file.
Besides the persistent variables in the file a few other things you should know.
If the file is missing you will see errors like:
To help with troubleshooting and to keep track of what environmental variables were used with each build step a new option has been added to the Jenkins post build report:
The environmental variables used for the build are reported. As you can see the Keep_Me variable we used is shown:
How are you keeping track of variables across builds in Jenkins? Any other preferred methods? Let me know in the comments!
Thanks for reading.
I_Script_Stuff
Sharing is caring!
The Palestinian Authority (PA) envoy to the UK admitted recently that he had in the past hit an Israeli over falafel.
The envoy, Manuel Hassassian, said the incident occurred during his student days in Ohio. At the time, he recalled, he assaulted an Israeli student who manned a booth in which falafel and hummus were presented as Israeli food.
The interview aired on the Lebanese Al-Quds TV channel on October 25 and was translated by the Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI).
"I said to him: How dare you? You have robbed me of my land... and now you are stealing my folklore and my food, claiming that this is your Jewish food? This is our food, the food of the Palestinian people, I won't allow this," Hassassian said he told the Israeli student.
“He was insolent, of course, and I was a hot-headed 20-year-old, so I grabbed him and hit him,” he continued. “The security came, of course. You know, in the U.S., they call this an assault. Ultimately, the officer grabbed me and took me away, because I had beaten him up. They asked me why I did it, and when I told them, they said: ‘Palestine should be proud of you', and they released me.”
He also said that “there is no temple and there is nothing Jewish in Palestine”, claiming that Israelis have imposed a reality in which they created the Jewish Quarter in Jerusalem and sent “settlers” to live in the city.
The show also included a skit in which an actor played a character who said that he hated the word "four" as it reminded him of "that lowlife British Zionist Balfour", according to MEMRI – a reference to Lord Arthur Balfour, who as British Foreign Secretary issued the Balfour Declaration in 1917, which proclaimed Britain's support for the establishment of a Jewish national home in then-Palestine.
Palestinian Arab organizations have been waging a campaign aimed at forcing Britain to apologize for the Balfour Declaration. The Palestinian Authority government in Ramallah recently demanded not just a British apology for the document, but also compensation.
The British government has refused to apologize.
San Antonio's being put up there with Iceland and Cuba as one of the world's very top travel destinations.
San Antonio sometimes feels as if it is Texas' punching bag. It's been dubbed “The Most Boring City” by so many times over the years that its devotees have become more defensive than Mel Gibson around Ricky Gervais.
Charles Barkley turned mocking the city of San Antonio into nightly theater during the Spurs' playoff runs — and no one blinked, nationally. Because it's San Antonio.
But the Alamo City is finally having a moment. A big one. It's been named the Second Best Travel Destination in the world. That's right, the world. Because when you think of international dream cities … OK, San Antonio's taken enough grief. The new rankings come from Budget Travel, but they are not measured on a strictly budget basis. Iceland — an infamously expensive country to visit — took the No. 1 spot.
Cuba, Los Angeles and Greece round out the top five, and there's nothing particularly budget about this trio, either. No, San Antonio's not lauded for being cheap (even though it has to be the least expensive option in a Top 10 that also includes the Galapagos Islands). Instead, its “bold public art” and “foodie-approved Texas seafood” is singled out. Unfortunately, the phrase “this is not yo' mama's River Walk” also gets employed in the glowing writeup.
Still, even with that and the requisite Alamo mention, there is little doubt that San Antonio is being seen in a new, hipper light. Legitimate buzz swirls around the new Emma Hotel. This boutique retreat in a 19th-century building is unlike anything the touristy, family-filled River Walk area's really seen before — right down to its New York-based design team, Roman and Williams.
It's also noteworthy that San Antonio is one of only three U.S. cities on Budget Travel‘s Best Travel Destinations of 2016 — despite the fact the list runs dozens deep. Los Angeles and, surprisingly, Cincinnati, are the other American cities deemed worthy of a special visit.
GIFT GUIDE Swipe
Next
OK, having San Antonio flanked by Iceland and Cuba may seem a little strange. Which “exotic” destination appears out of place? Then again, if you live in Iceland, maybe San Antonio seems magical from afar.
There's no doubt the Alamo City's under a new spotlight now. Ready or not, the hipsters are coming.
Kelly and Giffords have partnered to form Americans for Responsible Solutions. Kelly: 'Whatever it takes' on guns
The gun control crowd is about to have a powerful and compelling new lobbyist on Capitol Hill: Former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords (D-Ariz.).
Giffords, who was nearly killed in a shooting rampage in Tucson two years ago, resigned her seat in the House a year ago Friday. She hasn't decided whether she'll actually register as a lobbyist yet — a move she can make now that the one-year “cooling off” period is expiring — but she will represent her new outfit, Americans for Responsible Solutions, in pushing Congress to enact new gun-control laws.
Story Continued Below
( PHOTOS: Politicians speak out on gun control)
“We need to get Congress to act on this issue,” Giffords' husband, former astronaut Mark Kelly, told POLITICO in an interview on Thursday evening. Kelly and Giffords partnered up to form Americans for Responsible Solutions, which has a a super PAC arm and a lobbying arm.
The aim of the sister organizations is to lobby members of Congress to vote for gun control — and then reward friends and punish enemies on the campaign trail. Whether Giffords and Kelly will appear in districts, or in campaign ads, remains to be seen, as they're still trying to figure out the intricacies of campaign and lobbying laws. But if it's within the law, they'll do it, they say.
“Gabby and I are prepared to do whatever it takes,” Kelly said.
Giffords and Kelly describe themselves as gun-owning moderates — a distinction they believe will help them persuade elected officials and voters to support universal background checks, limitations on the ammunition capacity of clips and other legislative proposals.
( PHOTOS: Will these guns be banned again?)
“Gabby and I come from a little bit of a different place” than traditional liberal gun-control advocates, Kelly said.
Neither Kelly nor Giffords jumped into the gun-control debate in the aftermath of the Tuscon massacre, in which the shooter, Jared Lee Loughner, killed six people and put a bullet through Giffords' brain. Giffords was focused on her recovery and Kelly was ensconced in that and preparation for his final spaceflight.
But at the sentencing hearing for Loughner, Kelly made clear where they stood.
“We have a political class that is afraid to do something as simple as have a meaningful debate about our gun laws and how they are being enforced. We have representatives who look at gun violence, not as a problem to solve, but as the white elephant in the room to ignore,” he said. “As a nation we have repeatedly passed up the opportunity to address this issue. After Columbine; after Virginia Tech; after Tucson and after Aurora, we have done nothing.”
The killing of 20 first-graders in a Newtown, Conn., school late last year was like “getting hit in the head with a 2-by-4,” Kelly said. That's what moved them to start the new SuperPAC, which received its first million-dollar donation earlier this month.
“We're going to have all the money we need to play in every relevant race, in ‘13 and ‘14 and beyond,” said Pia Carusone, who is executive director of both organizations.
A plucky spacecraft named Juno began a long journey to Jupiter today from Florida at 12:25 p.m. EDT despite a small anomaly with its rocket ride and a boat wandering into the launch zone. Named after the mythical Roman goddess and wife of Jupiter, Juno will take about five years to reach the gas giant and slip into orbit. It packs a suite of scientific instruments to study Jupiter, in addition to some Lego figurines. Once there, NASA expects the spacecraft to spend a year making at least 32 elliptical, pole-to-pole orbits before intense radiation bakes its circuits. “From Juno we're going to go learn about Jupiter so we can start to put together the pieces of how the solar system was made,” said planetary scientist and mission leader Scott Bolton of the Southwest Research Institute in a video. “Jupiter's got the first clues for us.” Jupiter orbits about 400 million miles away from Earth and is thought to be one of the first planets that formed in the solar system some 4.6 billion years ago. If nothing goes awry during the spacecraft's trip, Juno will be the ninth spacecraft to visit the gas giant, but only the second to stick around for more than a flyby. The Galileo is currently the sole spacecraft to have orbited Jupiter. Those missions racked up some serious knowledge of Jupiter, but brought up perhaps more questions than they answered. In this gallery are six mysteries Juno may resolve before its radiation-induced death.
How Did Jupiter Form? Jupiter is the sun's firstborn planet. It is also the biggest and most massive at roughly 318 times heavier than Earth. “If we can understand how Jupiter was made, that helps us understand how the whole solar system was made,” said space scientist David McComas of Southwest Research Institute and member of the Juno mission. “It's getting really interesting with the discovery of planets around other sunlike stars.” Some models suggest our massive protector formed further away from the sun, then migrated inward. Others posit the gas giant was made about where it is today, and that comets provided its water. Measuring Jupiter's water content will provide the best clues as to where the planet formed.
How Much Water Does Jupiter Have? When the Galileo spacecraft's probe plowed through Jupiter's thick clouds, its instruments looked for the presence of water. For the most part, the clouds it measured were bone-dry -- much like the ones above. “That doesn't mean the whole planet is like that, however, because it's one data point,” McComas said. “It's like if you landed on Earth in the middle of an ocean or desert and determined the entire planet was like that one spot.” Juno won't launch a probe like Galileo. Instead, it will peer deep into Jupiter's clouds using radiometers able to measure temperatures. Those temperatures will provide indirect clues as to where the water is and how much is present. With those measurements made, pieces of other mysteries should come together. “Water is a big part of answering some of the how-did-Jupiter-form mystery and, as far as we know, also super important for life,” McComas said. “How Jupiter got its water will help tell us how Earth got its water.”
What is Going On Beneath Jupiter's Surface? When the Galileo probe fell through Jupiter's atmosphere, it didn't get very far before it stopped transmitting data — about 22 bar (1 bar is the pressure of the atmosphere weighing down on Earth at sea level). Juno will monitor vast swaths of the planet from afar and should be able to peer at subsurface layers as deep as 100 bar. The spacecraft will use its radiometers -- also used to measure water content -- to provide the deepest and most complete picture to date of Jupiter's swirling layers of clouds, perhaps even giant thunderstorms first spied by the Galileo spacecraft (below).
Does Jupiter Have a Rocky Core? Models of Jupiter's interior abound. Some have rocky cores about 10 times the mass of Earth, but others portray the gas giant without one. “A lot of these models aren't constrained by actual observations, so it's a bit of a guessing game,” McComas said. “We should finally get a handle on this with Juno.” During Juno's elliptically shaped orbits, slight wobbles in the spacecraft's movement should provide clues about the core's existence and size. “The spacecraft gets pulled and pushed by Jupiter's gravity field, and we can sense that through the communication system back to Earth,” Bolton said.
Where Does Jupiter's Magnetism Originate? Jupiter has an intense and far-reaching magnetic field. Exactly what drives the magnetic powerhouse and how deep inside the planet it originates, however, is unknown. “We generally know it takes a charged fluid moving inside the planet to do this,” McComas said. “Jupiter spins very quickly, about once every 10 hours, and almost all mass of the solar system [not in the sun] is locked up inside the planet.” That fast rotation means a lot of energy rotating cells of hydrogen fluid, and Juno will look for them by mapping the magnetic field in 3-D using a magnetometer.
Are we about to witness a new phenomenon in Israel in the coming years – one man married to several women? Tens of thousands of leaflets were distributed in synagogues across the country recently, promoting the ancient custom and presenting it as a solution for the single daughters of Israel.
The phenomenon of a man married to several women (polygamy) was common among the people of Israel in ancient times. King Solomon was married to 1,000 women, King Rehoboam had 78 wives, and King David had "only" 18.
Matchmaking? 'Over 30 and single? Try polygamy' Ilana Curiel Local Bedouin newspaper sparks calls on single Bedouin women who are over 30 to consider polygamous marriages, saying 'it's the Sharia solution' 'Over 30 and single? Try polygamy'
About 1,000 years ago, however, Rabbi Gershom issued a ban on bigamy, forbidding the custom among Ashkenazi Jews. Sephardic men abandoned the tradition as well in the past centuries, settling for only one woman.
The ads distributed in the synagogues appeared in the "Shabbat B'Shabbato" weekly bulletin. They encourage Jewish Sephardic men to return to the ancient custom, and include a quote from a halachic paper written by Rabbi Ovadia Yosef several years ago, which does not rule out the polygamy phenomenon: "Courts imposing aggravated punishments on Sephardim over this matter are wrong."
It's unclear whether Rabbi Ovadia would still support polygamy these days, but the leaflet authors argue that according to Halacha, it is no longer forbidden among Sephardic circles today.
The flyers direct their readers to the website of the "Jewish Home" organization, which includes quotes from a series of rabbinical religious authorities throughout history, implying that the rule forbidding polygamy has expired. The website also includes personal stories of men and women with experience in polygamy.
The Srugim website revealed that the ads were funded by a group of single religious women who have given up on finding a match.
One of the women, 39, said: "I am a single religious woman who is afraid of losing the ability to become a mother." She added that there were 27 other women like her who would be happy to marry a married man.
"Shabbat B'Shabbato" editor, Rabbi Israel Rosen, expressed his reservations over the ad, explaining that ads published in the bulletin are not checked beforehand. He estimated that it was simply a joke.
'Torah is never wrong'
One of the people behind the new initiative is Rabbi Yechezkel Sofer. I telephoned him and introduced myself as a man who has had enough of living alongside just one woman. This is what the conversation sounded like:
Hello rabbi, married life is not what it used to be. May I take another wife?
"Of course. You can see in Rabbi Ovadia's writings that it's fully permitted."
And what about the law?
"The State laws forbid it, but from a rabbinical perspective – if the woman agrees and you are able to provide for another home – it's permissible.
Aren't you afraid of promoting a legal offense?
"If you follow the State's law – fine, but you should know that the Torah law allows it."
Can the process be done secretly?
"Of course."
Is it permissible for Ashkenazim too?
"I don't think it's forbidden."
Are there such couples in Israel already?
"Yes."
And what about you?
"I'm about to take another wife, with the first one's consent."
Aren't you afraid that what was once right isn't right these days?
"Why, is our Torah wrong? God forbid."
Can I schedule a consultation meeting?
"Sure, send me an email and we'll set a date."
WASHINGTON — The last whimpers of the gun control debate in the Senate played out in anticlimactic fashion on Thursday as lawmakers began the process of formally moving on.
All that remained of a broad package of measures representing the most serious changes to the nation's gun laws in 20 years were two amendments: one that would address mental health care, and another that would penalize states that divulge information about gun owners except under very specific circumstances like a criminal investigation.
Both passed overwhelmingly, the only two gun-related measures to clear the Senate's 60-vote threshold for passage. The vote on the amendments has no practical effect, since the underlying legislation has no immediate prospect of passing.
Despite the push from proponents of stricter gun regulations, the amendments that received the most support in two days of voting were not the ones that tightened restrictions on weapons purchases, but the ones that loosened them.
WITH the Newcastle Knights on the verge of securing a second consecutive wooden spoon, here are the sobering statistics that reveal the full extent of the Knights salary cap nightmare and the club's mismanagement of the cap since the end of Wayne Bennett's coaching rein in 2014.
Robbie Rochow's decision to quit the club at the end of this season to join South Sydney will bring the number of players who have left after playing in the NRL for the Knights over the past three seasons to 27.
Jeremy Smith's retirement in three weeks' time will make that 28.
Incredibly, over that same period, just 11 players from other clubs have been signed with two of them — Tariq Sims and Carlos Tuimavave — already gone.
Three of the nine left — Mitch Barnett, Brendan Elliot and Peter Mata'utia — were signed by current coach Nathan Brown mid-season on cheap deals.
BROKEN: Tigers finals hopes in disarray
OUT: Knights want to punt Mullen
So how is it possible that so many players, several on huge salaries, have left without being replaced and where has all that salary cap money gone?
It's the question that has been gnawing away at angry and frustrated Knights' fans and is why so many young local juniors have had to be promoted before their time by Brown to fill the void.
The answer?
The money has been eaten up by inflated salaries, disastrous back-ended deals, hefty upgrades and a host of questionable recruitment decisions. The bottom line is there has been a complete lack of forward planning not helped by the turnover of coaches.
The finger has been pointed at Bennett and his quick fix quest for a premiership.
When he departed the club at the end of 2014, the cap was already under severe pressure.
A total of 12 players left at the same time as Bennett and the only new signings to play in the NRL under Rick Stone in 2015 were Tariq Sims, Jack Stockwell and Carlos Tuimavave.
But while the cap was already a mess, it has been made worse by poor recruitment decisions since then.
The club is trying to offload Akuila Uate. Source: News Limited
Kade Snowden was signed to a new two year deal by Stone despite serious concerns over fitness.
Trent Hodkinson was brought in at $600,000 a season with the club then forced to pay a further $200,000 to Tyrone Roberts to move him on to the Titans.
Stockwell was not an established NRL prop when he signed but was given a two year deal with next year worth $350,000.
You can't help but just shake your head at those sorts of numbers and the money that some other players are being paid.
The upshot is Brown and head of football Darren Mooney are left to try and fix the mess.
But despite having a roster dominated by kids, he is still left with only pocket money to play with in 2017 unless Snowden's quest for medical retirement is rubber-stamped by the NRL and the likes of Stockwell and Akuila Uate find new clubs.
It's a self-inflicted disaster with a lot more pain to come yet.
INCHEON, South Korea — Until recently, Beyond Cosmetics could not fill Chinese orders fast enough for its Green Piggy Collagen Jella Pack, a creamy beige substance containing pig collagen, or its Carbonated Bubble Clay Mask, which leaves the user's face covered with foam.
Then, in November, international politics struck this South Korean maker of skin care products. As China's ire grew over plans by Washington and Seoul to park a missile defense system on South Korean soil, sales of the two beauty aids fell to one-fifth of Beyond Cosmetics' sales, from one-half.
Now, as the deployment of the system begins this week and China threatens to punish South Korea further, companies like Beyond Cosmetics have been bracing for worse. The intensifying diplomatic ruckus is exposing deep cracks in South Korea's economic success story and forcing the nation to confront its dependence on China, its largest trading partner.
Even before the current crisis, Beyond Cosmetics had started to look beyond China, where it was increasingly running into problems like tougher government rules and rising homegrown competition.
Tailgate : LSU vs Wisconsin
LSU fans tailgate in Green Bay before the LSU Tigers takes on the Wisconsin Badgers at Lambeau Field on Saturday, September 3, 2016. (Photo by Brett Duke, Nola.com | The Times-Picayune)
(BRETT DUKE)
A group of LSU fans in Wisconsin for Saturday's game against the Wisconsin Badgers saved a man's life Monday (Sept. 5) when they pulled him from the Milwaukee River, according to ABC-affiliate WISN-TV.
A man trying to dock his boat near the Downtown Milwaukee Riverwalk fell into the water, the TV station reported. Louisiana National Guard Col. John Dunlap told WISN he and his wife Jill saw the man struggling because "the current was sucking him under the dock." Dunlap's friend Ron Duplessis then used a rope to help the man get out of the river.
"You know, when you're drowning, we'll accept a lot of people. An Alabama fan might not have been so fortunate," Duplessis told WISN with a laugh.
Read WISN's full story.
Heads up, Tinseltown: Ward 8 Councilmember Marion Barry is looking for someone to tell his story in celluloid. The mayor-for-life told LL earlier this week that he's in a race against time to get a film about his life made.
Dedicated Barry watchers will remember that HBO Films is already working on a Barry biopic. Unhappy about how he thinks he'll be portrayed in the HBO movie, Barry says he wants someone else to release a film version more to his liking first.
“At one point I was trying to kill it," Barry says of the HBO movie. "But I'm going another route now, because I'm going to sell my movie rights in the next two or three months."
Barry says he turned against the HBO project after having dinner with John Ridley, the Oscar-winning screenwriter of 12 Years a Slave who was attached to the project with Spike Lee as the director. Barry says he was unhappy with how Ridley planned to portray his arrest at the Vista Hotel for smoking crack.
"I told him right then and there, you're on the wrong track," Barry says. "You're going to sensationalize something that's serious."
(What kind of account of the Vista arrest would Barry approve of? Look no further than his upcoming autobiography, which calls it "the night of embarrassment.")
Barry's schedule might not suggest much time for frenzied filmmaking, with the councilmember headed up to New York City in June to promote his book. But HBO doesn't seem to be in a rush, either. Two-and-a-half years after it was first reported, the project is still in development, according to an HBO rep.
Still, HBO has one advantage over Barry: It's already found a screenwriter. According to the HBO rep, District noir novelist George Pelecanos, who's also written episodes of The Wire and Treme, has joined the biopic's screenwriting team.
Photo by Darrow Montgomery
DUP deals with May could boost chances of reviving Stormont Assembly BelfastTelegraph.co.uk There may be just a little time left, perhaps, for some grandstanding in the time-honoured Northern Ireland politician fashion. Maybe some further milking before we get the announcement of the DUP's arrangement with this hapless, weakened government. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/opinion/news-analysis/dup-deal-with-may-could-boost-chances-of-reviving-stormont-assembly-35827506.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article35827504.ece/7674a/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-06-15_new_32066910_I1.JPG
Email
There may be just a little time left, perhaps, for some grandstanding in the time-honoured Northern Ireland politician fashion. Maybe some further milking before we get the announcement of the DUP's arrangement with this hapless, weakened government.
But, by the time you read this, it's possible that the big DUP-Conservative deal (and those parties are listed in order of importance) will be done.
Any big announcement - and the deal may officially be more circumspect than dramatic - will be accompanied by DUP insistence on how all of Northern Ireland will benefit. This is not unreasonable. Who - unionist, nationalist or neither - could possibly object to more money for schools, hospitals and roads?
The fabled election magic money tree has finally been found... in Belfast.
Lots of people on this side of the water, 'informed' by an internet search, 'social' media and our fine Press, will reel with shock at the brevity of detail and the lack of key DUP demands.
Where are the plans to imprison anyone in England in a same-sex marriage, burn down the abortion clinics, make Ulster-Scots compulsory in all our schools, hold a DUP-UDA loyalist cultural/paramilitary festival in Tunbridge Wells, replace St George's Day with Twelfth fortnight and, back home, drive Orange parades down the Falls, returning via Short Strand?
The DUP membership certainly possess some 'robust' views, and the party farms some lively constituencies, but they were never going to be trusted with the London shopping trip. Far better to let Arlene and Nigel empty the shelves and return with all the goods.
It is won, win, win for the DUP.
There has been over-cautious concern that the DUP should not 'overplay its hand'. But that hand is huge. The Conservatives - regardless of who is in charge - need the DUP far more than the DUP needs the Conservatives.
If the DUP said no (one of the organisation's great talents, historically) Theresa May - forever remembered as the leader who mislaid her majority - would face another election within months. Given that May has just managed to run a campaign that made the DUP's Assembly effort last March look masterful in comparison, we know what a second election might mean for the Conservatives.
But no cash, just Corbyn, doesn't look a great prospect for the DUP either.
Far better to set up the equivalent of a regular Conservative government direct debit to Northern Ireland. Rolling cash for infrastructure projects? Yes, please.
Plans to cut corporation tax and air passenger duty, along with creating a fund to attract private investment are thoughtful, possible ways of stimulating the economy.
They can be used without the risks associated with a drop in tax take if the Conservatives guarantee more funding for the region's social services. David Cameron's 2010 identification of Northern Ireland's need for private sector investment remains relevant for his successor, but she can offer money to help, rather than Cameron's chiding.
The DUP's initial concern with purely economic items on its shopping list provides an easy win. The modesty of a 'confidence and supply' voting arrangement - a mere flirtation for a party claiming to believe in traditional marriage - means that the DUP can withdraw at any time without penalty.
The DUP is fireproof electorally. That might sound strange after its March debacle, but the lesson of both elections within unionism this year is that of UUP impotence.
That party cannot get its vote up.
Given that communal voting is alive and strong as ever, the DUP can easily risk an association with the Conservatives without a penalty accruing. The concerns of Sir John Major over the lopsided deal are curious.
His reliance - always denied - upon unionist support in the mid-1990s contributed to the temporary reversal of the peace process.
Maybe he is speaking from experience in warning of the dangers. But this is not 1996, the Provos are not waiting to attack Canary Wharf, and there have been two decades of relative peace.
Major always insisted he was not neutral on the Union (there's a slight clue in the Conservative and Unionist title of his party), and the Conservative Party has never been an even-handed broker between two sides anyway.
There are threats to the Good Friday Agreement, but the biggest is from Brexit, which makes a nonsense of the current wording of Strand 2 of the 1998 deal, heavily predicated upon joint membership of the EU.
The institutions of Strand 1 are precarious, but Sinn Fein, having collapsed the Executive, appears interested in its reassembling. A prospect of direct rule with an Orange tinge can concentrate the mind.
A revived Executive - with more money to spend - might offer a counterweight. Whether the DUP will want to jump back into the bed from which it was expelled is open to question, but there are 28 DUP MLAs with salaries to get and mouths to feed, so probably yes.
A deal on the Irish language is eminently realisable, a co-operative approach of minimising the border under Brexit probable, and a softening of Sinn Fein's hostility to Arlene Foster possible.
If there is no Assembly rule, any Orange tinge to direct rule might be light.
On one of the numerous return free shopping trips to Downing Street, Arlene and Nigel might eventually ask about the investigation rate (but not the conviction level) of British soldiers during the Troubles.
They might also gently raise the status of the Parades Commission ('dysfunctional', 'Charades Commission', 'anti-Protestant,' according to old DUP).
But equally, the DUP might not. For the next year, it'll be too busy counting the money.
Jon Tonge is Professor of Politics at the University of Liverpool and co-author of The Democratic Unionist Party: From Protest To Power (Oxford University Press)
Belfast Telegraph
THANK YOU
To everyone including our eleventh-hour donors who helped make the Kickstarter campaign a success.
The Kickstarter pledge campaign has ended, but the real adventure is just beginning. If you missed out on the Kickstarter, it is never too late to join the adventure. Visit LostTreasureHunt.com to help bring history to a new generation.
When was the last time you saw an educational series that was really great? Not just amusing or interesting, but really cool. Most people tell us - - not for a long time, maybe not ever.
We believe Lost Treasure Hunt will change this.
And to do it, we are getting help from some of the artists who brought you The Iron Giant, Shrek, Frozen, and Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs.
Lost Treasure Hunt is a half-hour television show where history and action come together in a new kind of adventure. Each episode focuses on a different historical subject, as the treasure hunters protect actual lost artifacts of history by staying one step ahead of the enemy.
Education or Entertainment?
So which do you choose between . . . quality education or exciting story? We want Lost Treasure Hunt to be the first to do both in a way never before seen.
In Lost Treasure Hunt history becomes essential to the plot and drives the story forward. We want our show to be dramatic and fun -- solving clues, outwitting the bad guys while watching a deeper mystery unfold. And when it is all over, viewers would have a more complete overview of history in the best possible way . . . by getting caught up in the action and learning without realizing it.
The Project
Lost Treasure Hunt is based on original story by Matt Davis (at the time working at DreamWorks Animation) who wanted to bring feature-type storytelling to history education. The script is by award winning screenwriter David Rosenberg. Disney animator Richard Bazley is the Director of the pilot, with animation produced at Bay Area animation studio Ghostbot where animators have helped pioneer a new style of digital animation.
The National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH) provided the funds to animate one episode: A half-hour pilot about the Columbus voyage and its impact on history. Years were spent working with educational experts and Columbus scholars, with extensive storyboarding and revisions to perfect the new type of story. Beautifully designed backgrounds and authentic details fill the screen. A labor of love for the team that wants to bring history to a new generation.
Music is being composed by Chance Thomas, the multiple award-winning composer who has done music scores for Oscars and Emmy winning projects and some of the most popular computer game franchises. His current work on Lost Treasure Hunt can be heard on the Kickstarter movie above.
Broadcast
One of the leading PBS presenting stations WETA will be presenting the pilot nationally on public television as a tie in to Columbus Day. WETA is responsible for launching many of the most-watched PBS programs including the Ken Burns documentaries (The Civil War, Baseball, The Dust Bowl, etc.)
If we can cover costs for presentation and distribution, Lost Treasure Hunt will be offered via American Public Television nationwide and at the PBS Annual Meeting in May where the new slate of Fall programming will be unveiled.
Why Kickstarter?
Unfortunately the NEH funds do not cover the cost of mastering and distribution. And our funding requests to other providers in public television like the Corporation for Public Broadcasting were denied due to their emphasis on other priorities in children's education.
We come to Kickstarter because we want Lost Treasure Hunt to be discovered by you, and to help us reach a national audience. In addition, we want to get the pilot in the hands of schools and teachers who can use the Columbus material in classrooms. Our educational experts say this is something that every classroom in American should have access to. We want your help to send copies to schools in need.
With the PBS Annual Meeting in May, we have even fewer days on Kickstarter to do this!
Funding and Stretch Goals
If we raise a total of:
$10,000 – We will finish the pilot, distribute on public television, and provide copies to schools as part of our outreach campaign.
– We will finish the pilot, distribute on public television, and provide copies to schools as part of our outreach campaign. $20,000 – We will expand marketing and outreach. The is crucial on public television where your support determines how many stations we can reach and what time-slot the show will play in. PBS doesn't pay us, we need you for this!
– We will expand marketing and outreach. The is crucial on public television where your support determines how many stations we can reach and what time-slot the show will play in. PBS doesn't pay us, we need you for this! AND THE COLUMBUS WEBSITE – This is not something we are doing for just promoting the show. This will feature the most comprehensive collection of historical materials for young scholars of all ages, collected over years of working with our scholars on the Columbus pilot. Children looking to do a Columbus Day report will no longer rely on the scant number of watered-down biographies or random homework sites. For anyone who has tried to search for Columbus info for children, you will see why we are creating this. With your support, LostTreasureHunt .com will become the premiere destination for teachers, parents, and students on Columbus history.
All Kickstarter funds will be added to our existing budget which is administered by our not-for-profit fiscal agent San Francisco Film Society with oversight by the National Endowment for the Humanities.
Television For Our Time
It is a great time for the television medium with so many outlets for storytelling, and so many shows experimenting with complex characters and interesting plot twists. We asked why can't something like this happen for animation.
Our creative team has been called crazy to try plot twists, surprise endings, and multi-episode arcs in an animated series like this. But this is the kind of television show we want to watch ourselves. And we believe there are others out there who agree.
Sneak Preview - EXCLUSIVE
To our Kickstarter supporters, you are invited to a digital sneak preview on the web once the pilot is complete. Instead of waiting for Columbus Day, you will get to see the sneak peak, including the surprise ending that launches the rest of the series. This will be held this summer when the pilot is complete EXCLUSIVE TO KICKSTARTER ONLY. For those who believe in the series, and want to be there at the beginning . . the official Lost Treasure Hunt Day – coming soon.
Is It Tax Deductible?
Lost Treasure Hunt has a not-for-profit fiscal sponsorship relationship through San Francisco Film Society that qualifies it to receive tax-deductible contributions.
While the funds for digital downloads and DVD's generally are not tax deductible, larger amounts can qualify if we are contacted prior to the contribution. Please e-mail us for more information.
If you are reading this after the end of the campaign, we still want to hear from you. Visit LostTreasureHunt.com or e-mail Professor@LostTreasureHunt.com.
Attention Schools and Educators
We want to hear from you too. If you are an educator reading this during the campaign, please contact us if you would like to receive on of the free DVDs contributed by Kickstarter fans. We will send you a copy once the pilot is completed later this year. Due to limited numbers, we recommend contacting us early in the campaign. If you are reading this after the campaign, we still want to hear from you. Contact from home school organizations and school administrators also encouraged. Email: Professor@LostTreasureHunt.com
The Mission
If you think it's time to reverse the negative trends in history education. . .
If you think it's time for an educational show that will speak to all ages including tweens. . .
If you think it's time for a program that parents will want to watch with their kids. . .
The Columbus pilot can show that it's time for a television program that ties into the great topics of our shared heritage. And with many great treasure hunts yet to come, Lost Treasure Hunt can take us there.
Please contact us for any reason -- even after the campaign ends. Whether you just want to talk about history education, or if you would like to find out about future episodes. . . we want to hear from you!
Professor@LostTreasureHunt.com
Creative Team
Richard Bazley – Director (Disney, Warner Bros)
Roque Ballesteros – Co-director (Ghostbot)
Matt Davis – Story (DreamWorks, Sony Pictures Animation)
David Rosenberg – Script (Nickelodeon, Rugrats, Wild Thornberrys)
Alan Lau – Animation Director (Ghostbot)
Corrine Wong – Animation Executive Producer (Ghostbot)
David Yeary – Ghostbot Corporate Development
Chance Thomas – Composer (Lord of the Rings Online, Might & Magic, The ChubbChubbs!)
Cast includes – Yuri Lowenthal, Phil Lollar, J. W. Terry, among many others.
Production Crew: Brad Rau, Natasha Brown, Tatyana Carvin, Sam Chi, Brad Gake, Roman Laney, Gabriel Mase, Yolanda Martinez, Peter Millar, Julie Moskowitz, Eli Rosen, Aaron Soon, Kris Lacore-Toscanini, Birdo, Benjamin Rush, Will Kessler, Ethan Vincent, Nolan Southerland.
Educational and History Advisory Committee: Patrick N. Allitt, Shaaron Cosner, Marshall C. Eakin, Deborah D. Gallagher, Ed. S., Karen Hill-Scott, Ed. S., Laurel Horton, and Teofilo F. Ruiz
Partners
WETA (PBS Presenting station) – As the flagship PBS station in the nation's capital, WETA has nationally presented some of the most successful public television series including Clifford The Big Red Dog and Globe Trekker, and the entire catalogue of Ken Burns films.
National Endowment for the Humanities (Major funder) – independent federal agency, and one of the largest funders of humanities programs in the United States.
San Francisco Film Society (Fiscal agent) – Building on a legacy of more than 50 years of bringing the best in world cinema to the Bay Area, the San Francisco Film Society is a national leader in exhibition, education and filmmaker services.
Kickstarter Preview Trailer: Edited by Ernesto Matamoros; Music by Chance Thomas; Starring Richard Bazley as the voice of Richard Bazley.
SCP-2196
SCP-2196 photographed during initial processing.
Item #: SCP-2196
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2196 is to be kept in secure storage locker 37 at Site-66. In order to prevent accidental exposure to its properties, the object must be locked in an opaque tamper-proof case, with the combination available only to level 4 staff members.
Outside of testing, SCP-2196-b must not be viewed by any staff member. Any personnel suspected of exposure to SCP-2196-b are to be suspended of all authority until administered a class B amnestic. In addition, any personnel requesting the destruction of SCP-2196, attempting to reclassify SCP-2196, or in any way modify its containment procedures are to be treated as if under the effects of exposure.
Description: SCP-2196-a is a disk approximately 18 cm across and 3 mm thick. The front side of SCP-2196-a is smooth to the limits of detection, while the back is lightly etched with a fractal pattern which shrinks below the measurable level near the center. SCP-2196-a absorbs all radiation directed at it, giving it a completely black appearance with the exception of SCP-2196-b. SCP-2196-b is a small light point on the front surface of SCP-2196-a, which moves toward the edge as viewing angle decreases, following what appears to be a logarithmic deceleration toward the edge of SCP-2196-a as it is viewed from lower angles to SCP-2196-a's surface.
Subjects observing SCP-2196-b begin to experience a strong curiosity about its nature, along with a minor compulsion to magnify it, typically requesting telescopes or similar devices in order to clearly see SCP-2196-b. As magnification is increased and perceived arc-diameter expands, subjects show signs of dread, apprehension, and paranoia, along with an increased compulsion to magnify the object, typically reporting that they are unwilling or unable to look away. At this point, subjects are still able to cease the process under coersion. As subjects begin to approach a perceived diameter of one arc minute, they become mute and unresponsive, only continuing magnification. Brain scans of subjects at this stage show intense activity in the amygdala and occipital lobe. As subjects zoom to an estimated angular diameter of 30 arc-minutes, (including digital magnification and telescopic photographs) they seize and lose consciousness, waking after a short period with no memory of what SCP-2196-b looks like.
Recovery Log:
SCP-2196 was delivered anonymously to the home of researcher ████████ on 3/24/19██, accompanied by the following note:
Oh jailors to your chosen task, ere distance passes by,
We pray that you find true success, where we could only try.
Due to researcher ████████'s previous encounter with the GOI known as The Serpent's Hand, it is believed she was used as a contact point for the Foundation. Further investigation is ongoing.
Addendum 2196-1 A faint radiation pulse was detected from SCP-2196-b █ years after initial containment, of a similar frequency to that of a high intensity cutting laser used on the object during initial durability tests.
Addendum 2196-2 The weak coloration of SCP-2196-b, initially slightly red, has shifted toward blue during containment.
Over a thousand environmental activists from across Europe have blocked a railway line that transports coal from one of Europe's largest open-pit mines in Welzow, Germany to a nearby power plant in the country's eastern state of Brandenburg.
At least 1,600 people took part in Saturday's protest, according to the organizers, while police estimated the number at around 1,000. One group of activists occupied the railway lines to block access to the power station, while another blocked the conveyor belts that transport coal to power plants.
“Germany is the world leader in burning dirty coal,” said Hannah Eichberger, a spokeswoman for the Ende Gelände environmental group, as cited by DW. “Therefore we are taking the exit from coal into our own hands and closing down one of the largest climate killers in Europe.”
Two people were reportedly injured in scraps between activists and security officers as police moved in to detain some 120 people, DW reports.
Saturday was the second day of the mass demonstration that saw some 2,000 people forcing their way into and occupying the brown coal mine on Friday. The infiltrators wrapped excavation machinery with banners reading “Keep it in the Ground” and “Climate Crime Scene,” while hundreds of activists spent the night on the premises in preparation for a weekend-long event.
The operator of the Schwarze Pumpe (Black Pump) power plant, the Swedish utility Vattenfall, urged police to intervene and drive the protesters out for trespassing, but a local prosecutor refused to authorize their removal because the facility is not entirely fenced off, and so the occupiers cannot be legally considered trespassers. He also noted that there had been no negative effect on production, as the company had voluntarily halted its operations in anticipation of the demonstration.
The German protest is part of a global campaign organized by international environmental groups called “Break Free” that has recently staged similar events in the US, UK, Canada, Brazil, South Africa, and other countries. Vattenfall spokesperson Peter Bergstedt told local media that if the protest continues, the plant will be forced to remain shut on Sunday.
Story highlights Police: It is "yet to be determined" if NY incidents are part of a larger phenomenon
Law enforcement eye whether game is part of a trend
Young people apparently punch strangers with goal of knocking them out with one blow
New York's police chief says cases like this sometimes breed copycats
A sick so-called game known as "knockout" -- where teens appear to randomly sucker-punch strangers with the goal of knocking them unconscious with a single blow -- is catching the attention of law enforcement throughout the nation.
The assaults can be fatal. In New Jersey, Ralph Santiago, 46, a homeless man, was walking alone in Hoboken on the night of September 10 when he was suddenly struck from behind, said Hoboken Detective Anthony Caruso.
The blow knocked out Santiago, who had a pre-existing brain injury. He suffered a seizure. The victim's body struck a nearby fence, with part of the wrought iron fence piercing his body and killing him, Caruso said.
Surveillance video in the area showed three teens running from the scene. Two weeks later, police arrested the juveniles and charged them in connection with the killing. Caruso said the attack was unprovoked.
JUST WATCHED Examining the 'knock out' game Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Examining the 'knock out' game 02:54
Authorities have reported similar incidents in New York, Illinois, Missouri and Washington.
One of the latest attacks happened Friday, when someone was allegedly punched on a street in Brooklyn. Police brought four men in for questioning and arrested 28-year-old Amrit Marajh.
Marajh is charged with aggravated assault as a hate crime, assault as a hate crime and assault in the 3rd degree, police said. He was arraigned Saturday, according to Mia Goldberg, spokeswoman for the Kings County District Attorney's Office.
Youth violence expert Chuck Williams blamed the media and parents for what he called extreme aggression by America's youth. Negative attention, he said, is often rewarded.
"That's America. America loves violence and so do our kids," Williams said. "We market violence to our children and we wonder why they're violent. It's because we are."
Williams, a professor of psychology and education at Drexel University in Philadelphia, said some young people are desperate for attention. He called it the "Miley Cyrus effect," where teens will do anything to get noticed, no matter how heinous or unconscionable.
"These kids know the consequences," he said. "They want to get arrested. They want to get caught, because they want that notoriety. They know they won't go away forever because they're kids. It's a win-win all around for them."
In New York, police noted seven "knockout" incidents this fall alone. Some of the incidents were allegedly directed specifically at Jewish people and thus classified as hate crimes, said police spokesman Sgt. Brendan Ryan.
Despite the recent assaults, Ryan cautioned that police in New York haven't yet seen evidence of a "knockout" trend.
"We know that NYPD, and especially the Hate Crime Task Force, are working swiftly to find the alleged perpetrators of these incidents," said Evan Bernstein, the Anti-Defamation League's New York regional director, referring to a spate of assaults in parts of Brooklyn.
Rabbi Yaacov Behrman, a resident of Brooklyn's Crown Heights neighborhood and executive director of the Jewish Future Alliance, said many of the assault victims are children. Behrman met with black leaders last week to discuss the issue.
"Kids talk, especially on social media. There's a buzz about this," said Behrman.
New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly on Wednesday deployed additional police officers to Crown Heights, a Brooklyn neighborhood where eight "knockout" attacks have occurred, including an assault on a 78-year-old woman, police said.
In Pittsburgh, police spokeswoman Diane Richard said reports of the "knockout" game in the area first surfaced last year.
In October 2012, an English teacher was strolling through an alley in Pittsburgh to his parked car, Richard said. The teacher, James Addlespurger, 50, was approached by a group of teens, Richard said.
One of the teens punched Addlespurger in the face. The teacher fell and struck his head on the concrete ground. The assault, like so many others, was caught on video surveillance tape, and a 15-year-old was later arrested, Richard said. It is unclear whether the assault was part of a specific game.
Kelly, the New York police commissioner, said he is concerned about copycats in his city in the wake of recent news reports.
"When you highlight an incident or a type of criminal activity, some people will simply try to copy it," the commissioner said Friday. "It's a phenomenon we've seen before."
Republican New York State Assemblyman Jim Tedisco on Wednesday proposed new legislation he's calling the "Knockout Assault Deterrent Act," calling for juveniles charged with the random assaults to be tried as adults.
"Violence like this should not be condoned no matter the age of the offender," Tedisco said in a statement. "Youth should not be an excuse for this kind of behavior."
At the same time, Detective Brian Sessa said that it "is yet to be determined" whether the alleged assaults in New York were isolated or part of a larger phenomenon. And since Santiago's death in Hoboken, police there said they have not seen any other such incidents in the area.
Richard warned that people who seem distracted -- checking smartphones or listening to music while walking -- can be more vulnerable to assaults.
In New York last week, Jewish and African-American community leaders met in an effort to smooth relations among young people. "Knockout" assaults were a big part of the discussion.
"To go around and harm just anybody on the premise that you want to show your bravado is not to be accepted in our community, in Crown Heights, in Brownsville or anywhere else for that matter," community activist Tony Herbert told CNN affiliate WCBS. "Keep your hands to yourself. That is stupid."
By Aymenn Jawad Al-Tamimi
In his reply to my comments on his recent piece for The Nation, Roy Gutman takes exception to my supposed challenge to his “professional integrity.” I should thus begin by emphasizing that I did not intend my piece to be calling professional integrity into doubt: opinions and definitions may differ, but for me doubts about professional integrity would only be an issue if I were accusing him of outright invention, deliberate and malicious manipulation of evidence or something similar. It is not my contention that he engages in any of these things, and such accusations must always be carefully considered before being put forward. Rather, a bias for a particular side, while problematic, need not have malevolent intent behind it. Bias can arise innocently and unconsciously. It can be driven, for example, by honest empathy and anger about the sufferings of civilians at the hands of a particular group or side.
Gutman proceeds to complain that my assertions regarding his bias read like an attempt to “discredit the entire content” of his article. Such a reading of my response fails to take into account my prefatory point that Gutman raises some valid points for discussion. The fact that I talked about these points on a general level- e.g. in noting there are serious issues to be raised about displacement of Arab populations by the YPG- is not the same as not engaging with them at all. I even provided a link to a report by a human rights monitor to give examples of specific cases.
On the broader issue regarding the inference that I am supposedly attempting to discredit the entire content of the article, I should also add a clarification regarding the Seymour Hersh comparison: the point is not to claim that Gutman and Hersh are exactly equivalent (for one thing, as Gutman correctly points out, Hersh based his claims about the 2013 chemical weapons attack on anonymous former intelligence officials): rather, the point is that winning a Pulitzer Prize does not make one's reporting impervious to questioning. As it happens I don't believe Hersh is maliciously motivated in his biases either. But again, the idea is not to say that none of Gutman's claims merits being taken seriously.
So, in response to Gutman's questions about whether abuses and war crimes have been committed by the YPG, the answer is yes, and that should not come as a surprise to anyone. There is regrettably little or no accountability on the ground in Syria for abuses and war crimes committed by all sides, and a comprehensive reckoning is unlikely to occur for the foreseeable future.
Thus, I do not have a problem with whether Gutman reports on bad aspects of the YPG, and the PYD party with which it is affiliated. I was taking specific issue with uncritical relaying of more dubious narratives that reflect lines promoted by Turkey and the Syrian opposition. In the case of his article for The Nation, I was touching in particular on the supposed IS-YPG collusion pattern.
In this context, I should note that Gutman is upset about my reference to a 2012 article he wrote for McClatchy on the testimony of a claimed PKK defector, yet he does not address the specific problem I raised. It is certainly true that “obtaining the debriefing was an example of journalistic enterprise,” as Gutman says. But journalists cannot simply relay debriefings and intelligence reports without appropriate critical scrutiny, as we have seen happen all too often in recent times with cases like U.S. intelligence reports in the run-up to the Iraq War, and even more recently the raw intelligence dossier on the alleged Trump-Russia connections and supposed dirt the Russians have on Trump that can be used to blackmail him.
In a similar vein, the debriefing Gutman reported on has sensational allegations regarding PKK approaches towards religion. As I have already pointed out, the association of Zoroastrianism with fire worship is a calumny against the Zoroastrian religion. To relay the allegations without critical comment is irresponsible, considering the historical persecutions of Zoroastrians by Muslims and that a common Islamist militant talking point against the PKK and “Kurdish militias” is that they are heretics and apostates. Undoubtedly there are some PKK and YPG members who could not care for religious belief and/or are completely secular, but what evidence is there besides the testimony of this debriefing that the PKK and its sister affiliates promote Zoroastrianism and teach fire worship?* It was the fact that these claims were relayed by Gutman without appropriate consideration that made me see a reflection of bias at work (again, I should stress, not necessarily malicious in intent).
Turning more specifically to the contents of his article for The Nation, Gutman takes issue with my account of the fighting over the Tel Hamis area. In his response, he offers an account from a certain Abu Ahmad who says the YPG waited three days before entering without firing a bullet. Again, there is no problem in offering this account per se, but it also has to have the caveat analytical note that it is ultimately second hand, and an effort should be made to try to obtain other accounts for comparison (e.g. testimonies of YPG fighters, open source data from the time).
As for what I wrote about Tel Hamis, on a technical note, I will begin by pointing out that Gutman is off the mark regarding some of the death notices I initially cited. Two of the death notices are for fighters killed in February 2015 prior to the 27th of that month: the Australian , and if he reads the original posts more closely, Hussein Masoud's brother. Regarding my own wording, by ‘extended campaigns,' I meant bouts of fighting that took place over multiple months in the wider area. One can criticise me for geographic imprecision, but it is important to remember in speaking of Tel Hamis that we mean not just the town/village by that name but also the wider area (cf. references in Arabic to mantaqat Tel Hamis and rif Tel Hamis). Of course, not every day meant intense clashes and battles. Indeed, in the Syrian civil war, much of what goes on in terms of engagements between various sides can appropriately be described as ribat (frontline maintenance etc.). On a given day there might be no fighting at all: a mere gunshot or two and/or firing mortar rounds. Then a flare up may occur. In relation to the Tel Hamis area, one example of a flare up occurred in September 2014, as the YPG launched an offensive that claimed the capture of multiple villages. During this flare up multiple YPG fighters were pronounced to be ‘martyrs' . Here is another example of clashes reported in late December 2014 in the Tel Hamis area, with at least four YPG fighters reported to have been killed at that time.
It may well be that when Tel Hamis as a town/village finally fell to the YPG in February 2015, there was no grand or major battle to accompany it. However, to overlook all that happened in the time between IS solely becoming responsible for that wider frontline against the YPG after it destroyed the rebel factions in Hasakah province and the YPG capture in February 2015 is painting a highly misleading picture. It is also highly misleading to overlook the prior rebel-IS cooperation against the YPG on that front, which resulted in many YPG fighters being killed in late 2013/early 2014. Thus it can be seen how the fighting between IS and the YPG in the Tel Hamis area reflects continuity. Likewise we must note the reports of fighting and casualties in the wider area that occurred following February 2015. I thus stand by my original ‘travesty of the truth' comment, having elaborated more fully here what I meant.
A somewhat similar case for what would constitute a misleading picture would be to note that the village of Dabiq fell out of IS hands without a grand final battle despite the village's symbolic importance to IS, while overlooking the long war of attrition that occurred between the rebels and IS prior to that, also featuring episodes of ribat and calm juxtaposed with flare ups. Or again, note the case of Jarabulus I mentioned in my previous piece.
Can casualty figures and losses be exaggerated in reports? Of course. Yet the narrative of Gutman's sources paints a very implausible picture that is designed to promote a line of some kind of IS-YPG collusion. To buy into it would mean supposing all those clashes etc. that occurred in the wider area over multiple months were a mere farce/fabrication. Thus, here we have an encapsulation of the job of journalists and analysts: weigh up the contrary accounts and try to come to a judgement that accounts for the various lines of evidence available. In the specific case of the Tel Hamis area village of Husseiniya mentioned by Gutman, who also points out that Amnesty International cited residents as saying that no clashes occurred in the withdrawal from that village, it is perfectly possible to accept that testimony, and the subsequent destruction of property by the YPG, without supposing a conspiracy of some kind as pushed by Gutman's sources.
To bolster the collusion narrative, Gutman had cited in his original piece a certain Mudar al-Assad as saying that there are hundreds of examples of the YPG-IS pattern of the latter taking a village from rebels and then turning it over to the YPG without a fight. It would be interesting to see specific naming of those hundreds of cases, if that is really the case.
I draw the line here in this discussion. I stand by my initial assessment while reaffirming that I am not questioning Gutman's professional integrity. Similarly I reject notions of supposed anti-Kurdish prejudice on Gutman's part and other personal attacks on him. However, a serious debate about the YPG and its relationship with the U.S. must be based on reasoned consideration of the evidence, taking into account the benefits the partnership has brought in blunting IS while also noting the human rights abuses and the PKK connections and understanding why there are Turkish concerns. Looking forward, seemingly intractable land disputes similar to those we observe in Iraq between the Kurdish and Arab actors will mar the Syrian landscape for a long time even if IS were completely removed. There will be no easy resolution.
—————————–
*- (Appendix note: PKK and Zoroastrianism): While it is important to note the lack of evidence for the PKK promoting the Kurds' religion as Zoroastrianism and teaching fire worship, there is an interesting strand of thought within Abdullah Ocalan's writings that idealizes Zoroaster as a figure who promoted equality and care for nature, thus trying to link him to Kurdish ethnic and cultural heritage. This contrasts with a depiction of Islam as a vehicle of Arabism. On the other hand, Ocalan also wants to praise certain aspects of Islam, equating the rise of the religion historically with bringing about feudal system that constitutes an improvement over the supposed ancient slave civilization, while presenting Muhammad as a figure embodying revolution that becomes corrupted. These arguments, as Matthew Barber points out to me, partly reflect Ocalan's views of history according to his Marxist ideology and political worldview as well as a desire not to be too offensive to the pious sensibilities of fellow Kurds.
In any event though, Ocalan is ultimately an atheist, and does not promote the idea that Kurds should practise the Zoroastrian religion and formally identify as Zoroastrians, let alone engage in fire worship, though some Kurds who do identify as Zoroastrians seem to be partly influenced by Ocalan's idealization of Zoroaster. The kinds of nuances in Ocalan's views and their impacts are obscured by silly polemic as conveyed by that supposed PKK defector.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Reddit
Hollywood Still Resisting The Idea That Cheaper, Better Films Is The Way To Beat TV
from the horror-of-horrors dept
“They feel puzzled,” said the critic David Denby. “They're a little baffled.” He was referring to those who have applauded his argument — made both in a New Republic essay “Has Hollywood Murdered the Movies?” and in a new book, “Do the Movies Have a Future?” — that the enduring strength of film will depend on whether studios return to modestly budgeted but culturally powerful movies. “If they don't build their own future, they're digging their own graves,” Mr. Denby said.
Over the weekend, the NY Times had an article about how the movie industry is struggling to remain relevant as a bunch of "culturally relevant" content seems to be moving to TV , where some of the top hit series have taken their place in the cultural landscape the way movies used to. Apparently "film people" are particularly ticked off that Seth MacFarlane will host the Oscars this year since his biggest claim to fame is from TV, rather than movies (even though his movierecently became the highest grossing R-rated comedy ever). Of course, what's ignored in the article is that the movie industry isn't really suffering that much economically.What did strike me as interesting, however, is that the article highlights a key point that many of us have been making. The industry really only has itself to blame for continuing to churn out expensive remakes and sequels, rather than investing in quality -- the continued quest for "$100 million films" rather than figuring out how to make good movies for less money . The article makes that point, referring to critic David Denby:This seems like such common sense advice... and yet, it's not what we see. We see Hollywood being more timid, but rarely actually translating that timidity into focusing onproducts with lower budgets and compelling storytelling. It's all just about rebooting old stories with bigger special effects.
Filed Under: better movies, cheaper movies, hollywood
It's hardly surprising that the ugly rant of Pastor Sean Harris, the senior pastor at Berean Baptist Church in Fayetteville, is going viral online.
The wonderful thing about the combination of the internet and free speech is that when someone says something really ugly and horrifying, their words are called out. We don't need to clamp down on speech like this through any legal means. The best disinfectant is sunlight, as the saying goes, and social media is the best sunlight we have when it comes to hateful speech.
These days, people can't simply preach to the choir, as it were. The whole world is right there listening on YouTube and passing it around Facebook and Twitter. Pretty soon your violent sermon is being mocked and scorned across the digital empire. Good thing, too, because Harris's words deserve condemnation.
Warning: The below audio really is hard to listen to.
In the audio [below] Harris says: "So your little son starts to act a little girlish when he is four years old and instead of squashing that like a cockroach and saying, 'Man up, son, get that dress off you and get outside and dig a ditch, because that is what boys do,' you get out the camera and you start taking pictures of Johnny acting like a female and then you upload it to YouTube and everybody laughs about it and the next thing you know, this dude, this kid is acting out childhood fantasies that should have been squashed....Can I make it any clearer? Dads, the second you see your son dropping the limp wrist, you walk over there and crack that wrist. Man up. Give him a good punch. Ok? You are not going to act like that. You were made by God to be a male and you are going to be a male."
In my experience, cruelty to children doesn't make them more "manly" or brave or confident. It certainly won't change their sexual orientation. It will, on the other hand, make them more broken and fearful, and less trusting. The damage goes way beyond whatever physical pain is inflicted. The words "Do unto others" come flooding to mind, in fact. Or "Let the little children come to me, and do not hinder them, for the kingdom of heaven belongs to such as these."
A wise man once said that.
Speaking of wise men, I think the words of comedian Louis C.K. are appropriate here. The only antidote I can think of for this kind of nonsense:
"I really think it's crazy that we hit our kids. Here's the crazy part about it; kids are the only people in the world that you're allowed to hit. Do you realize that? They're the most vulnerable and the most destroyed by being hit but it's totally OK to hit them. And they're the only ones! If you hit a dog they will put you in jail for that sh*t. You can't hit a person unless you can prove that they were trying to kill you. But a little tiny person with a head this big who trusts you implicitly... People want you to hit your kid."
For all his crassness, Louis C.K. is quite masterful at taking serious subjects and using humor to underscore just how ridiculous people can be.
Harris has walked back his words a bit. "If I had to say it again, I would say it differently, no doubt," Harris said Tuesday. "Those weren't planned words, but what I do stand by is that the word of God makes it clear that effeminate behavior is ungodly. I'm not going to compromise on that."
Somehow I think violence toward children is more ungodly than effeminate behavior, but that's just a hunch. My direct line to God got cut when I forgot to pay the bill. Fortunately, my internet connection is working well enough to find that Louis C.K. quotation.
Follow me on Twitter or Facebook. Read my Forbes blog here.
Comedian James Corden and Sir Patrick Stewart became involved in a bizarre on-stage spat at the Glamour Awards on Tuesday.
Sir Patrick criticised Corden - host of the event - for standing with his hands in his pockets, adding: "From where I was sitting, I could see your belly."
Corden responded: "You could see my belly. I can see you dying right now."
The pair continued to trade insults, and several prize-winners remarked on the quarrel as they accepted awards.
After the show, Corden said: "I found it quite disappointing. You should ask him about it but I'm certain he's left."
Sir Patrick presented the film actress of the year prize to Avatar star Zoe Saldana.
Accepting her award, she said to Corden: "I like your belly but I'd like to see Sir Patrick Stewart dying on stage any day."
Corden then said: "I feel bad for people who haven't seen my belly."
To huge applause, the Gavin and Stacey star lifted his T-shirt, revealing his tummy.
Referring to Sir Patrick, he said: "OK can we get a taxi really quickly please. There's an old man going home."
Several stars commented on the verbal tussle.
"Entertaining"
Nowhere Boy actor Aaron Johnson said: "I love your belly. That was intense. I didn't know where to look."
Singer Duffy told the crowd she thought Corden was doing a "wonderful job" and called him "highly entertaining".
Meanwhile, Girls Aloud singer and X Factor judge Cheryl Cole was named woman of the year at the event, which took place in central London.
The star, who recently announced she was divorcing her footballer husband Ashley Cole, said: "Four or five years ago, I'd never dreamt I'd be here amongst so many glamorous women.
"One person I definitely have to thank is my dentist. So thank you very much."
Among the other winners were The One Show host Christine Bleakley, who won presenter of the year, the best TV personality went to Dannii Minogue and Florence and the Machine took band of the year.
There were also trophies for Lily Allen, Ruth Jones, Billie Piper, Nicole Richie, Fearne Cotton, Alexandra Burke and Yoko Ono who won an outstanding contribution award.
The winners were voted for by readers of Glamour magazine.
The South Korean media has seen a recent influx of reports on defections of high-ranking North Korean officials', leading to speculation of an impending collapse. Experts are far from certain however, with one telling NK News such speculation is irresponsible.
On Friday, Channel A – a subsidiary of the Dong-a Ilbo newspaper – reported the defection of Park Seung Won, who once worked as a vice representative for the defense ministerial talks in 2000 at Jeju Island and who also directed the building of the Masikryong Ski Resort in 2013.
“Park is the highest-ranking official defector since the defection of Hwang Jang Yop,” the report reads, referring to an official credited with crafting North Korea's Juche idea and who defected in 1997.
It suggests that the recent purges of Ma Won Chun and Hyon Yong Chol have prompted officials' defections.
On Saturday the news broadcaster YTN reported three officials from Room 39 of the Korean People's Army (KPA) – the organization responsible for bringing foreign currency into the regime – had defected and arrived in South Korea earlier this year, saying that one of them, surnamed Lee, was admired as a hero for promoting the economy since Kim Jong-un' took power.
“It seems that deviation (from the official line) will be ongoing as long as Kim Jong-un's reign of terror continues,” the report reads.
South Korea's Yonhap News Agency on Tuesday published a series of articles regarding middle- to high-ranking officials' defections, allegedly about 10 people recently.
According to an interview conducted for the Dong-a Ilbo by famous defector journalist Joo Sung-ha with an anonymous high-ranking defector last Monday, North Korean officials are not proposing initiatives these days, due to the fear of being purged.
Despite these reports, the Ministry of Unification (MOU) has yet to confirm the information.
“To officially reveal high-ranking defections takes quite a long time, after the investigation with other governmental sectors including the National Intelligence Service and National Police Agency,” the spokesperson from the MOU told NK News.
South Korean journalist Nam Moon-hee, who focuses on North Korea from SisaIn said it would be true that the defections did in fact occur.
“However, defectors' testimonies should be filtered cautiously,” Nam said.
One expert pointed out that testimony from the defector who was interviewed by the Dong-a Ilbo was flat-out inaccurate.
“The interviewee said Choi Ryong Hae was in danger of execution in April, but Choi appeared at official events at that time. Also, that Kim Jong-un's past working experience is limited within the General Political Bureau is also not true. He used to work at the State Political Security Department, and that position supervises all the officials' behavior,” Cheong Seong-chang, head of the Unification Strategy team at the Sejong Institute, told NK News.
Another expert criticized the South Korean media's approach to these stories.
“To argue the of the (coming) collapse of North Korea, they should provide obvious evidence. Many people expected the collapse of the regime during the Great Famine in the '90s, and the number of defectors increased in the 2000s, but the regime didn't collapse,” said Yang Moo-jin, professor at the University of North Korean Studies.
Yang said stagnant inter-Korean relations are increasing the uncertainty of the information.
“During the previous mood of reconciliation, information could be checked. Based on the current anonymous sources, which might have been spread by brokers in the border areas, no expert can argue about the prospects of North Korea,” Yang said.
Featured image: Wikimedia Commons
Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr.
Chief Justice John Glover Roberts Jr. was born on January 27, 1955. He graduated from Harvard College in 1976, and Harvard Law School, where he was managing editor of the Harvard Law Review, in 1979. Roberts clerked for Judge Henry Friendly of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit and for then-Associate Justice William H. Rehnquist. He then joined President Ronald Reagan's administration, serving as a special assistant to the attorney general until 1982; from 1982 until 1986, he served as associate counsel to the president. In 1986, he joined the Washington law firm Hogan & Hartson, but he left to serve for four years as principal deputy solicitor general. He returned to Hogan & Hartson in 1993, becoming the firm's head of appellate practice. He has argued 39 cases before the Supreme Court. In 2001, he was nominated to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit; he was confirmed in 2003. In 2005, President George W. Bush nominated Roberts to fill the Supreme Court seat vacated by retiring Justice Sandra Day O'Connor. While the nomination was pending, Chief Justice Rehnquist passed away, and Bush nominated Roberts to replace Rehnquist. Roberts was confirmed in September 2005, by a vote of 78-22.
Justice Clarence Thomas
Associate Justice Clarence Thomas was born on June 23, 1948, in Pin Point, Georgia. Thomas considered a career in the priesthood and attended several seminaries before going to the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Massachusetts, from which he graduated in 1971. He then entered Yale Law School, graduating in 1974. After graduation, he took a job as an assistant attorney general of Missouri, and from 1976 until 1979 he worked as an attorney for Monsanto. In 1979, he became a legislative assistant for the Senate Commerce Committee; he joined President Ronald Reagan's administration in 1981, working as assistant secretary of education for the Office of Civil Rights at the U.S. Department of Education and then as chairman of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. In 1989, President George H.W. Bush nominated Thomas for a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, and Thomas was confirmed in March 1990. In 1991, Bush nominated Thomas to replace retiring Justice Thurgood Marshall. In October of that year, Thomas was confirmed by the Senate by a vote of 52-48.
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg
Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg was born in Brooklyn, New York, on March 15, 1933. Ginsburg graduated from Cornell University in 1954. She went on to attend Harvard Law School, becoming one of only nine women in a class of over 500; she later transferred to Columbia Law School, from which she graduated in 1959. Ginsburg clerked for Judge Edmund Palmieri of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. For three years, Ginsburg worked as a research associate and then as associate director of the Columbia Law School Project on International Procedure; she then taught at Rutgers and Columbia Law Schools from 1963 until 1972 and 1972 until 1980, respectively. While at Columbia, Ginsburg also served as chief litigator of the Women's Rights Project of the American Civil Liberties Union, arguing several cases before the Supreme Court. She was nominated by President Jimmy Carter to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in 1980. She served on that court until 1993, when she was nominated by President Bill Clinton to the Supreme Court to replace retiring Justice Byron White. Ginsburg was confirmed by a vote of 96-3, and was sworn in as the court's second female justice in August 1993.
Justice Stephen G. Breyer
Associate Justice Stephen Gerald Breyer was born on August 15, 1938. Breyer received his undergraduate degree from Stanford University in 1959 and then attended Oxford University as a Marshall Scholar. He went on to attend Harvard Law School, from which he graduated in 1964. Following law school, Breyer clerked on the Supreme Court for Justice Arthur Goldberg; he then worked as a special assistant to the United States attorney general for antitrust from 1965 to 1967. In 1967, Breyer became a lecturer and associate professor at Harvard Law School, where he continued teaching until 1994. During that time, he also served as an assistant special prosecutor on the Watergate Special Prosecution Force, and he worked as special counsel and later than chief counsel for the Senate Judiciary Committee. In 1980, President Jimmy Carter nominated Breyer to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 1st Circuit; he was confirmed in December 1980 and became the chief judge in 1990. In 1994, President Bill Clinton nominated Breyer to fill the seat vacated by retiring Justice Harry Blackmun. By a vote of 87-9, Breyer was confirmed in August 1994.
Justice Samuel A. Alito
Associate Justice Samuel Anthony Alito Jr. was born on April 1, 1950, in Trenton, New Jersey. Alito received his undergraduate degree from Princeton University in 1972. Following his graduation, Alito was commissioned to the U.S. Army Signal Corps and assigned to the Army Reserve. He went on to attend Yale Law School, becoming editor of the Yale Law Journal and graduating in 1975. Following his graduation, Alito clerked for Judge Leonard Garth of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit and then went on to work as an assistant U.S. attorney for the district of New Jersey. In 1981, he became an assistant to the solicitor general, arguing 12 cases before the Supreme Court. He went on to serve as a deputy assistant to the attorney general and later became the U.S. attorney for the district of New Jersey. In February 1990, President George H.W. Bush nominated Alito to a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit; he was confirmed unanimously in April of that year. In 2005, after White House counsel Harriet Miers withdrew her nomination, President George W. Bush nominated Alito to fill the vacancy created by the retirement of Justice Sandra Day O'Connor. By a vote of 58-42, the Senate confirmed Alito in January 2006.
Justice Sonia M. Sotomayor
Associate Justice Sonia Maria Sotomayor was born on June 25, 1954, in the Bronx, New York. Sotomayor graduated from Princeton University in 1976 and in 1979 from Yale Law School, where she was the editor of the Yale Law Review. Following her graduation from Yale, Sotomayor served as an assistant district attorney under Robert Morgenthau, then the district attorney of New York County; after that, she entered private practice, working for eight years at the law firm of Pavia & Harcourt. In 1991, Sotomayor was nominated by President George H.W. Bush to a seat on the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York; she was confirmed in August 1992. In 1997, she was nominated by President Bill Clinton to the United States Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit. She served on that court until 2009, when she was nominated by President Barack Obama to fill the vacancy created by the retirement of Justice David Souter. By a vote of 68-31, Sotomayor was confirmed in August 2009 as the court's 111th justice, becoming the third woman – and the first person of Hispanic descent – to serve on the court.
Justice Elena Kagan
Associate Justice Elena Kagan was born on April 28, 1960, in New York City. Kagan graduated from Princeton University in 1981 and then attended Oxford University on a fellowship, receiving a Master of Philosophy in 1983. After graduating from Oxford, Kagan attended Harvard Law School, becoming supervisory editor of the Harvard Law Review and graduating in 1986. Kagan clerked for Judge Abner Mikva on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit and on the Supreme Court for Justice Thurgood Marshall. She then entered private practice at the Washington law firm of Williams & Connolly, leaving to join the faculty of the University of Chicago Law School in 1991. She served as associate White House counsel in President Bill Clinton's administration from 1995 until 1999 before returning to academia at Harvard Law School, where she became a full professor in 2001. In 2005, Kagan became Harvard Law School's first female dean. In 2009, President Barack Obama nominated her to become the first female solicitor general of the United States; she was confirmed in March 2009. In May 2010, Obama nominated Kagan to replace retiring Justice John Paul Stevens. She was confirmed by the Senate by a vote of 63-37 and was sworn in on August 7, 2010.
Justice Neil M. Gorsuch
Associate Justice Neil McGill Gorsuch was born on August 29, 1967, in Denver. Gorsuch graduated from Columbia University in 1988 and Harvard Law School, which he attended on a Harry S. Truman Scholarship, in 1991. He clerked for Judge David Sentelle on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit and on the Supreme Court for Justices Byron White and Anthony Kennedy. In 1995, Gorsuch entered private practice at Kellogg, Huber, Hansen, Todd, Evans & Figel, where he later became a partner and where he worked until 2005. During this period, he also attended Oxford University on a Marshall Scholarship, receiving his doctorate in 2004. From 2005 to 2006, he served as the principal deputy associate attorney general at the U.S. Department of Justice. In 2006, President George W. Bush nominated him to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit, and the Senate confirmed him by voice vote. In January 2017, President Donald Trump nominated him to fill the Supreme Court vacancy created by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, after the Senate declined to act on President Barack Obama's nomination of Chief Judge Merrick Garland to replace Scalia. Gorsuch was confirmed by a 54-45 vote, and he was sworn in on April 10, 2017.
Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh
Associate Justice Brett Kavanaugh was born on February 12, 1965. Kavanaugh graduated from Yale College in 1987 and Yale Law School in 1990. He clerked for Judge Walter Stapleton of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit, Judge Alex Kozinski of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, and Justice Anthony M. Kennedy of the U.S. Supreme Court. Following his clerkships, Kavanaugh worked both in public service, as an attorney in the Office of the Solicitor General of the United States and as associate counsel in the Office of Independent Counsel Kenneth W. Starr, and in private practice, for Kirkland & Ellis. From 2001 to 2003, Kavanaugh was associate counsel and then senior associate counsel to President George W. Bush, and from 2003 to 2006, he was Assistant to the President and White House Staff Secretary. After being originally nominated by Bush to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in 2003, Kavanaugh was confirmed in 2006. In July 2018, President Donald Trump nominated him to replace retiring Justice Anthony Kennedy. Kavanaugh was confirmed by a 50-48 vote, and he was sworn in on October 6, 2018.
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor (Retired)
Retired Associate Justice Sandra Day O'Connor was born on March 26, 1930. She graduated from Stanford University in 1950 and from Stanford Law School in 1952. She served as deputy county attorney of San Mateo County, California, from 1952 to 1953 and as a civilian attorney for the U.S. Army's Quartermaster Corps in Frankfurt, Germany, from 1954 to 1957. After serving as assistant attorney general of Arizona from 1965 to 1969, she was appointed, and then re-elected twice, to the Arizona State Senate. In 1975 she was elected as a judge on the Maricopa County Superior Court, and in 1979 she was appointed to the Arizona Court of Appeals. President Ronald Reagan nominated her to the Supreme Court, and she was confirmed by a vote of 99-0 on September 21, 1981, becoming the first female Supreme Court justice. She retired from the Supreme Court on January 31, 2006.
Justice David H. Souter (Retired)
Retired Associate Justice David Hackett Souter was born on September 17, 1939. He graduated from Harvard College in 1961 and from Oxford University in 1963, where he was a Rhodes Scholar. After graduating from Harvard Law School in 1966, he practiced law in Concord, New Hampshire, until 1968, when he became an assistant attorney general of New Hampshire. In 1971, he became deputy attorney general and in 1976, attorney general of New Hampshire. In 1978, he was appointed to the Superior Court of New Hampshire, and he was named an associate justice of the Supreme Court of New Hampshire in 1983. On May 25, 1990, he became a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 1st Circuit. President George H.W. Bush nominated him to the Supreme Court, and, after being confirmed by a vote of 90-9, he took his seat on October 9, 1990. He retired from the Supreme Court on June 29, 2009.
Justice John Paul Stevens (Retired)
Retired Associate Justice John Paul Stevens was born on April 20, 1920. He graduated from the University of Chicago in 1941. After serving in the U.S. Navy from 1942 to 1945, he graduated from Northwestern University School of Law in 1947. He clerked for U.S. Supreme Court Justice Wiley Rutledge during the 1947-1948 term. He was associate counsel to the Subcommittee on the Study of Monopoly Power of the Judiciary Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives and a member of the U.S. attorney general's National Committee to Study Antitrust Law. From 1970 to 1975, he served as a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit. President Gerald Ford nominated him to the Supreme Court, and he took his seat December 19, 1975, after the Senate had confirmed his nomination by a vote of 98-0. When he retired from the Supreme Court on June 29, 2010, he was the second-oldest sitting justice in the court's history.
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy (Retired)
Retired Associate Justice Anthony McLeod Kennedy was born on July 23, 1936. He graduated from Stanford University in 1958 and from Harvard Law School in 1961. Kennedy worked in private practice in California from 1961 to 1965 and taught at the McGeorge School of Law from 1965 until 1988. In 1975, President Gerald Ford nominated Kennedy to fill a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, where he served until 1988. In 1987, Kennedy's was the third nomination (following those of Judges Robert Bork and Douglas Ginsburg) made by President Ronald Reagan to replace retiring Justice Lewis Powell Jr. Kennedy was confirmed on February 3, 1988, by a vote of 97-0. He retired from the Supreme Court on July 31, 2018.
One day in June, the administration decided that it would strike a deal with the Islamic Republic of Iran regarding sophisticated weaponry. The president put a trusted aide in charge of the negotiations and, one day in June, that aide corresponded with the Secretary of State:
"[This] makes it clear that instability in Iran is accelerating, with potentially momentous consequences for U.S. strategic interests. It seems sensible to ask whether our current policy toward Iran is adequate to achieve our interest."
Ultimately, the administration decided on its own to sell Iran some missiles, and that, as far as we know, was the last time that the United States concluded an arms agreement with the Islamic Republic of Iran. Until today. This time, in concert with our allies, we struck an agreement aimed at disarming Iran. Things are certainly looking up!
Mr. Obama emphasized that the accord was preferable to the alternate of having no agreement and of an unbridled Iran touching off a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. "Put simply, no deal means a greater chance of more war in the Middle East," he said. He added that his successors in the White House "will be in a far stronger position" to restrain Iran for decades to come than they would be without the pact.
This is the biggest gamble yet for an administration that appears to be reacting to its lame-duck status by ignoring it entirely. An administration that, as we have pointed out previously, has upturned its big bag of fks and discovered that it has no more there to give. The Republicans -- especially those running for president -- are going to go indiscriminately up the wall, and Benjamin Netanyahu nearly beat New Horizons to Pluto after having given it a nine-year head start. And he wasn't the loudest hysteric in the room
Most apocalyptic was the education minister, Naftali Bennett, leader of the far right Bayit Yehudi, who warned: "The history books have been rewritten again today, and this period will be deemed particularly grave and dangerous." He said: "Western citizens who get up for another day at work or school are not aware of the fact that about half a trillion dollars has been transferred to the hands of a terrorist superpower, the most dangerous country in the world, who has promised the destruction of nations and peoples. "Today it may be us, tomorrow it may reach every country in the form of suitcase bombs in London or New York. Israel has done everything possible to warn of danger and in the end it will follow its own interests and will do whatever it takes to defend itself."
(Strumming the same tune on this side of the world is Senator Huckleberry J. Butchmeup, who has hit the fainting couch with the impact of an anvil dropped from an airplane: "You've ensured that the Arabs will go nuclear. You've put Israel in the worst possible box. This will be a death over time sentence to Israel if they don't push back...You put our nation at risk." And the alternative is another war, somewhere down the line. You first, senator.)
Central to the knee-jerk dismissal of any agreement with Iran regarding nuclear weapons is the belief that the Iranian regime is fundamentally suicidal, that its leaders actually would commit themselves to a course of action that would result in the complete annihilation of their country. In 2012, at a campaign event, Rick Santorum said this flat-out, that the Iranians would launch a nuclear exchange, which they surely would lose, because they don't fear such cataclysm based on their belief that it would bring about the arrival of the 12th Imam. Santorum -- and have I mentioned recently what a colossal dick Rick Santorum is? -- was not laughed off the stage. This is exactly the same kind of nonsense we heard during the Cold War when the nuns assured us that the Russians didn't fear nuclear war because they were atheists anyway.
In fact, I'm old enough to remember all the fights we had in this country over arms-control deals with the USSR. (You may recall that it is a controversial arms-control treaty that kicks off the plot -- in every sense of the word -- of Seven Days In May.) These continued right up until Ronald Reagan went to Reykjavik and nearly gave away the store to Mikhail Gorbachev. The two of them struck up a relationship over the issue of nuclear weapons and some of Reagan's staunchest supporters went absolutely up the wall.
But that was nothing compared with the howls of outrage that accompanied Reagan's dovish turn toward the Soviet Union. In 1986, when Reagan would not cancel his second summit with Gorbachev over Moscow's imprisonment of an American journalist, Podhoretz accused him of having "shamed himself and the country" in his "craven eagerness" to give away the nuclear store. Washington Post columnist George Will said the administration had crumpled "like a punctured balloon." When Reagan signed the INF Treaty, most Republicans vying to succeed him came out in opposition. Grassroots conservative leaders established the Anti-Appeasement Alliance to oppose ratification and ran newspaper advertisements comparing Gorbachev to Hitler and Reagan to Neville Chamberlain. Reagan, wailed Will, is "elevating wishful thinking to the status of political philosophy."
(By the way, I am now proposing a constitutional amendment banning any use of the Hitler/Chamberlain/Munich analogy in our politics for the next 50 years. Who's with me? Not this cluck, obviously.)
Ever since the end of World War II, and the rise of what Garry Wills calls the "Bomb Power" in our politics, any arms-control treaty faced the same opposition on the same grounds from most of the same people. (If you compare Reagan to Chamberlain, you truly have wandered far from the rest of the pack.) Our groaning and bloated arsenal has become such an essential part of our national identity that a) we can't imagine defining America without it, and b) we can't imagine that any other country doesn't feel the same way. The idea that our 4800-odd nuclear weapons -- and god alone knows how many chemical and biological weapons we may have -- might scare our enemies somehow is construed as weakness because our enemies are always all-powerful and always one small step away from destroying us and taking over the world because an Exceptional Nation requires Exceptional Enemies, and because our arsenal exists largely to protect our lamb-like innocence in a world of wolves.
I spent most of my childhood -- including 13 harrowing days in October of 1962 -- hiding under my desk because the godless Communist Russians could strike at any time. At that time, the Soviet Union really was a vastly powerful military rival, albeit one with an economic system that proved unsustainable in the long run, which is why Reagan and Gorbachev ultimately became such pals. Iran makes intolerable mischief in its own part of the world. It is ruled (at the moment) by a claque of fundamentalist clerics of whom the world would be well-rid. But, after 14 years of the United States meddling in that region that has come to violence and destruction, maybe it's time for a little potential peacemaking, regardless of what the American right thinks of it. Back in April, one of its principal foreign policy stars wrote this:
Iran is already, right now, while under sanctions that are badly hurting its economy, spending vast amounts of money and effort to "mess with Israel." This administration's reaction has been to seek a nuclear deal that will give Iran more economic resources to dedicate to its hatred and violence against Israel, but will in no way whatsoever limit Iran's conventional weapons and its support for terrorism.
The author is Elliott Abrams who, when he was in the Reagan Administration, was so committed to the project of selling the Iranians missiles that he found it necessary to lie to Congress about it. Me? As long as we're not arming them, or sending bureaucrats to Teheran with a Bible and a cake shaped like a key, I think things are looking up.
Today, Microsoft is announcing a pretty huge update for the Universal Windows Platform. Later today, the company will be rolling out a new update for Windows 10 which will bring new features such as AMD's Freesync and NVIDIA's G-SYNC to Universal Windows Platform games, as well as apps. Alongside Freesync and G-SYNC support, Microsoft is also adding unlocked framed rate for the Universal Windows Platform games and apps.
The company stated:
As a direct response to your feedback, we're excited to announce the release today of new updates to Windows 10 that make gaming even better for game developers and gamers. Later today, Windows 10 will be updated with two key new features: Support for AMD's Freesync TM and NVIDIA's G-SYNC™ in Universal Windows Platform games and apps
and NVIDIA's G-SYNC™ in Universal Windows Platform games and apps Unlocked frame rate for Universal Windows Platform (UWP) games and apps Once applications take advantage of these new features, you will be able to play your UWP games with unlocked frame rates. We expect Gears of War: UE and Forza Motorsport 6: Apex to lead the way by adding this support in the very near future.
It is worth noting that the latest update won't be available for all machines at once, and it will be gradually rolled out to users. However, if you want to manually install it, you will be able to download the update from this page later today. Additionally, it is worth noting that unlocked framerate isn't available for hybrid laptops such as the Surface Book just yet – however, Microsoft says that the company is working on adding this as soon as possible.
These new features will probably come with Build 10586.312, which is expected to get released later today. We will let you know when the update is available, until then, let us know if you are excited about these upcoming new features in the comment section below.
The Supreme Court is about to decide if the 14th Amendment to the United States Constitution requires the states to redefine marriage to include same-sex relationships. There are several reasons why the answer is no.
The most decisive of these reasons is the fact that when the 14th Amendment was passed in 1868, homosexual behavior was a felony in every state in the union. So if the 14th Amendment was intended to require same-sex marriage, then every state in the union intended to throw the new couple into prison as soon as the marriage was consummated!
Some may say, “Who cares what they believed in 1868 about homosexuality? We've evolved since then.”
That's addressed by the second reason: laws and words have specific scopes and meanings. They don't have unlimited flexibility as liberal justices tend to think. Neither the intent nor the text of the Constitution requires the states to redefine marriage. If the people of the United States have “evolved” on the issue, then the Constitution provides them with a very clear and fair way for the document to intelligently “evolve”—they need to convince a supermajority of federal and state legislatures to amend the Constitution. That's the very reason our Constitution has an amendment process!
If we fail to use the amendment process and permit judges to substitute their own definitions and judgments for what the people actually meant when they passed the law in the first place, then we no longer govern ourselves. Why vote or use the political process if unelected justices strike down our laws and impose their own as they go? In fact, why have a Constitution at all? If it's “evolving” or “living,” then it's not really a collective agreement of the people—it's a pretext that allows judges to invent rights and impose any moral (or immoral) position they want against the will of the people.
Imagine if the people were to pass an amendment guaranteeing a right to same-sex marriage. Would you consider the Supreme Court to be legitimate if it imposed its own position and overturned the amendment? No, the people decide what the laws are, not the Court.
Third, the 14th Amendment was intended to prevent states from discriminating against newly freed slaves. At that time blacks and women didn't even have the right to vote, yet no court ever thought it could use the “equal protection” clause to change state voting laws. So why do some district courts think they can use it now to change state marriage laws? Are we to believe that “equal protection” does not guarantee a woman's right to vote but does guarantee a woman's right to marry another woman?
Since the people “evolved” on voting rights, they convinced supermajorities in Congress and of the state legislatures voted to add the 15th and 19th Amendments in 1870 and 1920 respectively. The courts knew they shouldn't act as legislatures to grant rights not addressed by the Constitution. Neither should this Supreme Court.
Fourth, despite all the talk about equal rights, everyone already has equal marriage rights. Every person has the same equal right to marry someone of the opposite sex. That law treats all people equally, but not every behavior they may desire equally. If people with homosexual desires do not have equal rights, then people with desires to marry their relatives or more than one person don't have equal rights. The “born that way” justification doesn't work either because that same justification could make any desired arrangement “marriage,” which means the logic behind it is absurd. The Court needs to acknowledge the fact that natural marriage, same sex-marriage, incestuous marriage, and polygamous marriage are all different behaviors with different outcomes, so the law rightfully treats those behaviors differently while giving every citizen the equal right to participate in marriage whatever its legal definition is.
Finally, the states make marriage law, not the feds. The U.S. Constitution says nothing about marriage. While the Supreme Court did overturn Virginia's ban on inter-racial marriage, it did so because Virginia discriminated on the basis of race, which is precisely what the 14th Amendment was intended to prevent. There is no rational reason to discriminate on the basis of race because race is irrelevant to marriage. However, gender is essential to it. Even the 2013 Windsor decision, which partially struck down the federal Defense of Marriage Act, recognized that marriage is a state, not a federal issue. Since there is no 14th Amendment issue here, the Court must leave marriage to the states.
Legal reasons such as these are all the Court is constitutionally permitted to consider. Polls and policy considerations are for the people or their legislatures, not the courts. Ryan T. Anderson writes in his recent column titled Memo to Supreme Court: Nothing in the Constitution Requires States to Redefine Marriage: “The overarching question before the Supreme Court is not whether an exclusively male–female marriage policy is the best, but only whether it is allowed by the U.S. Constitution. The question is not whether government-recognized same-sex marriage is good or bad policy, but only whether it is required by the U.S. Constitution.”
Does the U.S. Constitution require same-sex marriage? No, the U.S. Constitution requires the Court to leave this issue to the states. If you believe otherwise, then amend the Constitution.
Floating in the stratosphere and spitting electrons, they could mop up chlorine and patch the ozone hole--or so says Alfred Wong.
Twenty to thirty miles above us, a tenuous envelope of ozone blocks the sun's lethal ultraviolet radiation. For some 20 years now scientists have known that man-made chemicals are eating away at that protective layer. As ozone levels continue to fall, more ultraviolet light will penetrate the atmosphere, increasing the incidence of skin cancer, harming microscopic marine life, and damaging crops. Recognizing the seriousness of the threat, the international community has agreed to phase out the production of ozone-destroying chlorofluorocarbons, or CFCs, by 1996. But even then the problem will be far from over.
We have 40 to 100 years' worth of CFCs already released into the atmosphere, says Alfred Wong, a physicist at UCLA. No matter what we do now, we still have that reservoir of CFCs.
Wong doesn't believe in waiting for the atmosphere to heal itself--especially since the problem may well continue to worsen for decades to come. Based on the results of four years of laboratory experiments, he has proposed a bold scheme that he believes will halt the destruction of ozone. His plan is to launch a fleet of 20 or so blimps into the stratosphere above the South Pole, where the ozone depletion is most severe. Hanging from each blimp would be a football-field-size curtain made of electrical wires--live electrical wires. Wong hopes this lighter-than- air armada will achieve on a global scale what he has already managed to accomplish in his laboratory--namely, the neutralizing of ozone-eating chemicals.
The jump from lab to stratosphere is a big one, but Wong believes the basic elements of his experiment will hold true no matter what the scale. In the atmosphere, CFCs--which used to be found in aerosol sprays and are still present in refrigerator coolants, among other things--remain stable and relatively harmless until they float up to the stratosphere. There energy from the sun breaks CFC molecules apart. One of the breakdown products is chlorine, a highly reactive, electron-hungry atom. When chlorine comes into contact with ozone--which consists of three oxygen atoms--the chlorine destroys the ozone by tearing away one of its oxygen atoms. It satisfies its lust for electrons by sharing one with the stolen oxygen atom, forming a molecule of chlorine oxide.
Wong's idea is to redirect chlorine's hunger for electrons. In his lab at UCLA he simulates the stratosphere inside a telephone-booth-size test chamber containing a mix of stratospheric gases. A 140-watt mercury lamp serves as a miniature sun. When Wong injects a few hundredths of a pint of CFC vapor into his chamber, UV light from the lamp breaks up the CFCs, forming chlorine. In about six minutes the chlorine destroys nearly 60 percent of the ozone in the chamber. Then Wong steps in to repair the damage.
His method is straightforward: He pumps negative charges into the chamber, supplying the chlorine atoms with the electrons they would otherwise take from ozone. Once the chlorine picks up an electron, it won't react with ozone. The ozone it has already destroyed reforms naturally from oxygen molecules that have been split apart by UV light. In his test chamber Wong has reversed the destruction of ozone, and he is confident that he can repeat that success in the real world.
That's where the blimps come in. Each 300-foot-long unmanned blimp would float in the stratosphere 20 miles up like some giant airborne Portuguese man-of-war, trailing wire curtains. The blimps would also carry solar panels to generate electricity in the wire curtains. With a high enough voltage, says Wong--about 3,000 volts--electrons will pop off the wires and into the atmosphere. Radiation from the sun would also knock electrons off the wires, he says.
When chlorine atoms drifted by the blimps, they would pick up these free electrons and become inert as far as ozone is concerned. They would also become negatively charged. If the blimps carried a second sheet of positively charged wires, these sheets could sweep up the chlorine. After sweeping up two to three tons each, the solar-powered blimps would be steered back to the ground by remote radio control so the chlorine-laden wires could be replaced. Wong estimates that his fleet of 20 blimps could mop up between 300 and 1,000 tons of chlorine in a year--between 10 and 30 percent of the amount that is in the stratosphere--at a cost of around $400 million.
Will his plan work? The basic idea is quite a brilliant one-- namely, to put electrons onto chlorine and convert it into an inert species, says Earle Williams, an atmospheric physicist at MIT. The practical next step is a very difficult one, but when you've got a simple concept that in principle should work, it's worth pursuing.
Other researchers are more skeptical. I think what he's trying to do could probably be done on a small scale, says Ralph Cicerone, an atmospheric chemist at the University of California at Irvine, but the complications in the real atmosphere look really insurmountable to me. Cicerone has had close experience with such complications. He proposed a scheme for patching the ozone hole in 1991--his idea involved injecting propane into the hole--only to find last year that two chemical reactions that in 1991 had not been known to occur in the stratosphere completely scuttled the scheme. In fact, Cicerone has now realized, injecting propane into the ozone hole would do no good and might even make it worse.
He thinks a similar surprise is in store for Wong. One problem with Wong's plan, says Cicerone, is that other gases in the atmosphere, nitrates and sulfates in particular, snatch electrons even more readily than does chlorine. So the electrons meant for the destructive chlorine atoms might never reach their targets. Wong says that just means he'll need to free enough electrons into the atmosphere to satisfy the needs of a wider variety of molecules. But he hasn't attempted to figure out what side effects that might have on atmospheric chemistry.
Wong thinks people like Cicerone are caviling when they warn of unexpected complications. That's true of any experiment, he says. In any event, he isn't ready yet for a full-scale test. But he does want to try a small experiment in the atmosphere. Rocket exhaust, he says, punches small, temporary holes in the ozone layer. If I can demonstrate that I can cure a small hole like that, it would be a good first step, he says. We've already done the lab experiments. Now we're ready to do some field experiments, but a step at a time.
Longtime Houston TV sports anchor Bob Allen has died at 70
See Houston's most beloved sports figures throughout the city's history. See Houston's most beloved sports figures throughout the city's history. Photo: File/Houston Chronicle Photo: File/Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 103 Caption Close Longtime Houston TV sports anchor Bob Allen has died at 70 1 / 103 Back to Gallery
Dave Ward, the longtime Houston television news anchor, was walking down the street one day years ago when a young boy rushed up to him and said, breathlessly: "You're Dave Ward! Do you know Bob Allen?"
Ward, indeed, knew Bob Allen. Most everyone in Houston, in fact, knew Allen, the longtime Houston sportscaster at KTRK (Channel 13) and, from 2013 through 2015, at KHOU (Channel 11), who died overnight after a 16-month battle with cancer. He was 70.
For more than 38 years at Channel 13, working alongside Ward and his other colleagues as one of the nation's longest-tenured sports anchors, Allen was the nightly pipeline to the Oilers, Astros and Rockets to hundreds of thousands of viewers on Houston's most-watched newscasts.
RELATED GALLERY: Houston TV talent we've lost in 2016
Along the way, he became a friend and confidante to dozens of young men and women through his work with the Sunshine Kids and Special Olympics, while chronicling some of the most memorable moments in Houston sports history.
"I really did get to live my dream," he said in a 2013 interview. "I did what I loved to do, and I did it for a pretty long time without ever having to leave my home town."
Allen was diagnosed in the spring of 2015 with T-cell lymphoma, a variety of blood cancer that derives from the abnormal growth of T cells, a type of white blood cell that plays a role in the body's immune system.
He received a stem cell transplant in December from his brother, Ken Egalnick, and for a time was hopeful that the spread of the disease had been halted. But his health continued to fade as 2016 progressed, and he spent the last two weeks in hospice care at his home after electing not to seek further treatment.
Ken Egalnick said his brother spent much of his final days visiting with friends at home and discussing stories on and away from the playing fields of Houston.
"When he became ill, he said, 'Hey, I'm going to beat this thing, but if not, I've had a great life,'" Ken Egalnick said. "He went into it with that attitude. He fought like hell, but he had no regrets."
Allen's daughter, Genna Fincher, said in a statement, "On behalf of Bob Allen's family, we are so incredibly touched by the love and support shown to us during this difficult time. My dad valued his place in the Houston community, and the encouragement he received from you over the last two years gave him more strength and comfort than you will ever know."
Plans for a private memorial service are pending. The family has designated the Sunshine Kids for memorial contributions.
Born Robert Alan Egalnick, Allen was the son of Lee Egalnick, founder of the Karl Young League for youth baseball, and played the sport while growing up.
He also was a television junkie. In a 2013 interview, he said that at age 10, he rode his bicycle from the family home in West University Place to Channel 13 so he could meet news anchor Ray Conaway and sportscaster Guy Savage.
After graduating from Westbury High School and Stephen F. Austin State University, he began his career at KPRC (950 AM) and joined Channel 13 in July 1974 as a weekend anchor. He was named sports director in 1975, succeeding Dan Lovett, the original sports anchor of Channel 13's "Eyewitness News" format, when Lovett left for WABC in New York.
"I'm glad I had a role in suggesting to (Channel 13) that they hire Bob as my replacement," said Lovett, who returned to Houston after a long career in television. "He was a good guy, a loyal guy, and he did his job well. People liked him, and he contributed to the success of Eyewitness News.
"I was the first, but I couldn't stand up to what he did. He was a giant in my mind."
Longtime sports anchor Bill Worrell met Allen when both worked at KPRC – Allen in radio, Worrell on Channel 2 – and the two remained friends after they became competitors with Allen's move to Channel 13.
"We hit it off right away," Worrell said. "We were both eager to advance, and Bob developed into a good newsman. We were just two young guys starting our careers together."
In an era where television newsmen competed on the air and fraternized away from the camera, Worrell said he and Allen spent many late nights at Kay's Lounge on Bissonnet and at Jack Biondalillo's bowling lanes on Old Spanish Trail with the likes of Ron Franklin, Dave Ward and others.
"It was a close-knit group and not as competitive as it is now," Worrell said. "I remember the jokes and the time we spent away from work."
One of Allen's final appearances on social media came in June, when he joined Ward, Lovett, Worrell and former Chronicle reporter Hal Lundgren for lunch at a local restaurant. The group spent two hours together, swapping tales of Houston journalism.
With Allen's death, "It's a sad day for a lot of us who started our careers together," Worrell said.
Allen also was mourned Thursday by the young men and women who grew up listening to him and followed him into sports journalism, including Stephanie Druley, a senior vice president at ESPN, and Kevin Cooper, former director of media relations for the Texans who now has a similar role with the Houston Super Bowl Host Committee.
Cooper said he met with Allen two weeks ago and the conversation "was just like talking to him back in 2007. He never let on that he was in any discomfort. The humor was still there."
"If you grew up in Houston, Bob was the guy who gave you the news every day," Cooper added. "He raised me to have an appreciation for sports, and he did that for a lot of people."
For most of his career, he began his sportscasts with a cue from Ward, the dean of Houston newscasters, a colleague and, like so many others, a friend.
"I was with him on that desk for 38 years," Ward said. "He had a huge smile, a great smile. And he was big with kids, like the little boy who called him BobAllen, in one word. He told them how their teams were doing, win or lose."
While most consider the Middle-East a hot-bed of geopolitical risk (prone to flare at any moment), it seems hot money flows and territorial disputes are rapidly turning the South China Sea into a powder-keg. As Japan vs China is off the front pages for a moment (and US and South Korea engage in joint naval exercises) it seems Taiwan and the Philippines are escalating rapidly following the death of a Taiwanese fisherman last week after Filipino military fired on his vessel in supposedly disputed territory between Taipei and Manila. The situation is evolving rapidly as the Philippines' un-apology (though they sent their condolences) may prompt Taiwan to send F-16 fighters, Kidd-class destroyers, and three or more warships, according to The Liberty Times. The threat of escalation is premised on a formal apology coming within 72 hours. As Stratfor notes, Taiwan's territorial 'claims' are "outrageously ambitious" but the various island nations all appear set on rattling sabres as mainland China stiffens its resolve against Japan over the Senkakus.
Taiwan's "ambitious" territorial claims...
Timeline of the Philippines vs Taiwan drama... (via The Global Times)
Brief Stratfor clip on the tensions...
Given the movements of the Navy (below), it would seem the US is well aware of where tensions are starting to rise - in addition to the nimitz which is part of the Korean exercise, there is a large deck amphibious ship in the East China Sea
FOR frazzled teachers struggling to decide what to watch on an evening off, help is at hand. An online streaming service's software predicts what they might enjoy, based on the past choices of similar people. When those same teachers try to work out which children are most at risk of dropping out of school, they get no such aid. But, as Sendhil Mullainathan of Harvard University notes, these types of problem are alike. They require predictions based, implicitly or explicitly, on lots of data. Many areas of policy, he suggests, could do with a dose of machine learning.
Machine-learning systems excel at prediction. A common approach is to train a system by showing it a vast quantity of data on, say, students and their achievements. The software chews through the examples and learns which characteristics are most helpful in predicting whether a student will drop out. Once trained, it can study a different group and accurately pick those at risk. By helping to allocate scarce public funds more accurately, machine learning could save governments significant sums. According to Stephen Goldsmith, a professor at Harvard and a former mayor of Indianapolis, it could also transform almost every sector of public policy.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
In hospitals, for instance, doctors try to predict heart attacks so they can act before it is too late. Manual systems correctly predict around 30%. A machine-learning algorithm created by Sriram Somanchi of Carnegie Mellon University and colleagues, and tested on historic data, predicted 80%—four hours in advance of the event, in theory giving time to intervene.
Policing may be helped, too. Last year a policeman in Texas, who had responded to two suicide calls that day, was dispatched to a children's pool party and ended up pulling out his gun. Ideally, the station would have sent a less stressed officer. Many police chiefs already have a simple system to flag “at risk” officers. No one can be sure that machine learning would have prevented the Texas scare. But a system developed by Rayid Ghani at the University of Chicago and others increases the correctness of at-risk predictions by 12% and reduces the incorrect labelling of officers as being at risk by a third. It is now being used by the Charlotte-Mecklenburg police department in North Carolina.
Chicago's Department of Public Health is another early adopter. It used to identify children with dangerous levels of lead in their bodies through blood tests and then cleanse their homes of lead paint. Now it tries to spot vulnerable youngsters before they are poisoned. And in India, Microsoft and the state government of Andhra Pradesh are helping farmers choose the best time to sow their seeds. This month, eyeing new government contracts, Microsoft held its first machine-learning and data-science conference in Bangalore.
But the case for code is not always clear-cut. Many American judges are given “risk assessments”, generated by software, which predict the likelihood of a person committing another crime. These are used in bail, parole and (most controversially) sentencing decisions. But this year ProPublica, an investigative-journalism group, concluded that in Broward County, Florida, an algorithm wrongly labelled black people as future criminals nearly twice as often as whites. (Northpointe, the algorithm provider, disputes the finding.)
To limit potential bias, Mr Ghani says, avoid prejudice in the training data and set machines the right goals. Machines are trained to find patterns that predict future criminality from past data. They can therefore be told to find patterns that both predict criminality and avoid disproportionate false categorisation of blacks (and others) as future offenders. When a new defendant is tested against these patterns, the risk of racial skewing should be lowed.
Bail decisions, in which judges estimate the risk of a prisoner fleeing or offending before trial, seem particularly ripe for help. Jens Ludwig of the University of Chicago and his colleagues claim that their algorithm, tested on a sample of past cases, would have yielded around 20% less crime (see chart), while leaving the number of releases unchanged. A similar reduction nationwide, they suggest, would require an extra 20,000 police officers at a cost of $2.6 billion. The White House is taking notice. Better bail decisions are a big priority of its Data-Driven Justice Initiative, which 67 states, cities and counties signed in June.
Still, people want to know how decisions that affect them are made. The European Union is considering giving citizens affected by algorithmic decisions the right to an explanation. “Transparency, transparency, transparency” is needed, says Jay Stanley of the American Civil Liberties Union. But private companies may be loth to divulge their special sauce. For Boston's chief information officer, Jascha Franklin-Hodge, that is a motivation to develop machine learning in-house. Analytical skills, however, are scarce.
Other obstacles may also slow adoption. Getting enough data for a project can be hard. Combining supposedly confidential data sets can heighten the risk of accidentally identifying individuals. Some applications may be thought unethical. Mr Mullainathan and his colleagues show that machine learning can help predict the risk of death. That could, say, help focus hip replacements on those likely to live longest. Some may think that a step too far.
Prediction is anyway probabilistic, not perfect. Officials still have to act. Getting rid of lead paint may be easy; even with clever algorithms, stopping traumatised policemen from drawing their guns is not. For governments that embrace machine learning, the future will depend on how well they marry its predictive power with old-fashioned human wisdom.
Behold is Slate's brand-new photo blog. Like us on Facebook, and follow us on Twitter @beholdphotos and on Tumblr. Discover what this space is all about here.
Lincoln 1 and Lincoln 2. Greta Pratt.
With Barack Obama's re-election, the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address, and, not least, Friday's premiere of Lincoln, it seems a fitting time to look at photographer Greta Pratt's series Nineteen Lincolns, of which she's shared a selection with us. Pratt met her first Lincoln while working on her Using History project, and it was a natural next step for her to focus her lens on the many Lincolns who belong to the Association of Lincoln Presenters. All nineteen prints are on view through Dec. 22 at Candela Gallery, in Richmond, Va. The series celebrates one of the most iconic elements of the bedrock of American history and puts a quirky modern twist on it.
Lincoln 3 and Lincoln 17. Greta Pratt.
Lincoln 7 and Lincoln 6. Greta Pratt.
The Association of Lincoln Presenters' (there are several Mary Todd Lincolns as well) mission statement describes them as “ready, willing and Abe L.” Seen one at a time, most of the men immediately read “Lincoln.” Seen in a group, as in her group portrait of nine Lincolns (on the gallery's homepage), it is possible to gain focus on one or another element of their differences. Out of the Lincolns who sat for Pratt at the convention, she selected nineteen to profile in the series.
In her project statement, Pratt writes, “While each one started for a different reason, sometimes on a whim, through reading and studying they all became completely immersed in the ideals of Abraham Lincoln. They revere Lincoln for his moral character; he embodies one of America's most cherished tenets, that the common man, through sheer hard work and determination, can elevate his status in society.”
Pratt asked each Lincoln who sat for her to portray his own idea of Lincoln for her camera. Via email, Pratt says, “At first glance the men all look alike in their Lincoln-like coats and hats but on closer inspection you realize how different all their faces are. I decided to photograph them individually but hang them together because for me it becomes a metaphor for the country … a group of individuals tied together by the understanding of their history.”
Lincoln 16 and Lincoln 12. Greta Pratt.
Lincoln 10 and Lincoln 14. Greta Pratt.
Lincoln 11 and Lincoln 18. Greta Pratt.
Previous Features on Behold
Celebrating Progress: Iconic Photos That Paved the Way for Tuesday's Civil Rights Victories
Shopping Malls, Casinos, and Arcades: A Look at America's Wackiest Polling Places
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (KTHV) -- An Arkansas state treasury employee has resigned after facing backlash for his sexist and anti-LGBT posts on Facebook and Twitter.
Hunter Hatcher shared a live Facebook video of the Women's March for Arkansas Saturday. In the post, Hatcher said "if all these women are at the Capitol, who's making lunch?"
Hatcher has made other sexist claims on his social media accounts in the past. On January 1 he posted, "I love Subway because I can tell a woman to make me a sandwich and she does it with a smile on her face. I wish all women has that Subway work ethic." He continued the post mocking the fight for equality, saying, "and equality? Don't get equal, get to cooking woman, get equal on your own time."
On President Trump's inauguration day, Hatcher tweeted "Y'all in Trump's America now! Time to flick that chip off your shoulder and quit being so offended. Gay jokes are back on ya bunch of homos!"
Arkansas state treasure Dennis Milligan responded to Hatcher's offensive posts on his Facebook page Monday. Milligan said that the department was "obviously disappointed" and that the comments were "insulting, unprofessional, unbecoming of a state employee and have no place in a public office." The statement also said that "insinuating that women belong only in the home is insulting."
Milligan said the department nor he holds these "audacious positions and while we all have the right to freedom of speech, it is important to remember that words matter and words have consequences."
{"author_name":"Arkansas Treasurer of State Dennis Milligan","author_url":"https://www.facebook.com/ARTreasurer/","provider_url":"https://www.facebook.com","provider_name":"Facebook","success":true,"height":null,"html":"&#lt;div id=\"fb-root\"&#gt;&#lt;/div&#gt;
&#lt;script&#gt;(function(d, s, id) {
var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
js.src = \"//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3\";
fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);
}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));&#lt;/script&#gt;&#lt;div class=\"fb-post\" data-href=\"https://www.facebook.com/ARTreasurer/posts/1050665141709958\" data-width=\"552\"&#gt;&#lt;blockquote cite=\"https://www.facebook.com/ARTreasurer/posts/1050665141709958\" class=\"fb-xfbml-parse-ignore\"&#gt;&#lt;p&#gt;We are obviously very disappointed in some recent outbursts on social media by one of our employees who are currently on...&#lt;/p&#gt;Posted by &#lt;a href=\"https://www.facebook.com/ARTreasurer/\"&#gt;Arkansas Treasurer of State Dennis Milligan&#lt;/a&#gt; on &#lt;a href=\"https://www.facebook.com/ARTreasurer/posts/1050665141709958\"&#gt;Sunday, January 22, 2017&#lt;/a&#gt;&#lt;/blockquote&#gt;&#lt;/div&#gt;","type":"rich","version":"1.0","url":"https://www.facebook.com/ARTreasurer/posts/1050665141709958","width":552}
The Stonewall Democrats of Arkansas released a statement condemning Hatcher's comments. They said that his homophobic tweet "shows that homophobia still exists and lends itself to juvenile name-calling."
Researchers have developed a "soft template infiltration" technique for fabricating free-standing piezoelectrically active ferroelectric nanotubes and other nanostructures from PZT -- a material that is attractive because of its large piezoelectric response. Developed at the Georgia Institute of Technology, the technique allows fabrication of ferroelectric nanostructures with user-defined shapes, location and pattern variation across the same substrate.
The resulting structures, which are 100 to 200 nanometers in outer diameter with thickness ranging from 5 to 25 nanometers, show a piezoelectric response comparable to that of PZT thin films of much larger dimensions. The technique could ultimately lead to production of actively-tunable photonic and phononic crystals, terahertz emitters, energy harvesters, micromotors, micropumps and nanoelectromechanical sensors, actuators and transducers -- all made from the PZT material.
Using a novel characterization technique developed at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, the researchers for the first time made high-accuracy in-situ measurements of the nanoscale piezoelectric properties of the structures.
"We are using a new nano-manufacturing method for creating three-dimensional nanostructures with high aspect ratios in ferroelectric materials that have attractive piezoelectric properties," said Nazanin Bassiri-Gharb, an assistant professor in Georgia Tech's Woodruff School of Mechanical Engineering. "We also leveraged a new characterization method available through Oak Ridge to study the piezoelectric response of these nanostructures on the substrate where they were produced."
The research was published online on Jan. 26, 2012, and is scheduled for publication in the print edition (Vol. 24, Issue 9) of the journal Advanced Materials. The research was supported by Georgia Tech new faculty startup funds.
Ferroelectric materials at the nanometer scale are promising for a wide range of applications, but processing them into useful devices has proven challenging -- despite success at producing such devices at the micrometer scale. Top-down manufacturing techniques, such as focused ion beam milling, allow accurate definition of devices at the nanometer scale, but the process can induce surface damage that degrades the ferroelectric and piezoelectric properties that make the material interesting.
Until now, bottom-up fabrication techniques have been unable to produce structures with both high aspect ratios and precise control over location. The technique reported by the Georgia Tech researchers allows production of nanotubes made from PZT (PbZr0.52Ti0.48O3) with aspect ratios of up to 5 to 1.
"This technique gives us a degree of control over the three-dimensional process that we've not had before," said Bassiri-Gharb. "When we did the characterization, we saw a size effect that until now had been observed only in thin films of this material at much larger size scales."
The ferroelectric nanotubes are especially interesting because their properties -- including size, shape, optical responses and dielectric characteristics -- can be controlled by external forces even after they are fabricated.
"These are truly smart materials, which means they respond to external stimuli such as applied electric fields, thermal fields or stress fields," said Bassiri-Gharb. "You can tune them to behave differently. Devices made from these materials could be fine tuned to respond to a different wavelength or to emit at a different wavelength during operation."
For example, the piezoelectric effect could permit fabrication of "nano-muscle" tubes that would act as tiny pumps when an electric field is applied to them. The fields could also be used to tune the properties of photonic crystals, or to create structures whose size can be altered slightly to absorb electromagnetic energy of different wavelengths.
In fabricating the nanotubes, Bassiri-Gharb and graduate student Ashley Bernal (currently an assistant professor at the Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology) began with a silicon substrate and spin-coated a negative electron-beam resist material onto it. A template was created using electron-beam lithography, and a thin layer of aluminum oxide was added on top of that using atomic layer deposition.
Next, the template was immersed under vacuum into an ultrasound bath containing a chemical precursor solution for PZT. The structures were pyrolyzed at 300 degrees Celsius, then annealed in a two-step heat treating process at 600 and 800 degrees Celsius to crystallize the material and decompose the polymer substrate. The process produced free-standing PZT nanotubes connected by a thin layer of the original aluminum oxide. Increasing the amount of chemical infiltration allows production of solid nanorods or nanowires instead of hollow nanotubes.
Though the researchers used electron beam lithography to create the template on which the structures were grown, in principle, many other chemical, optical or mechanical patterning techniques could be used for create the templates, Bassiri-Gharb noted.
In studies done in collaboration with researchers Sergei Kalinin and Alexander Tselev of the Center for Nanophase Materials Sciences at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory, the devices produced by the soft template process were analyzed with band-excitation piezoresponse force microscopy (BPFM). The technique allowed researchers to isolate properties of the AFM tip from those of the PZT sample, allowing analysis in sufficient detail to detect the size-scale piezoelectric effects.
"One of our most important observations is that these piezoelectric nanomaterials allow us to generate a factor of four to six increase in the extrinsic piezoelectric response compared to the use of thin films," said Baassiri-Gharb. "This would be a huge advantage in terms of manufacturing because it means we could get the same response from much smaller structures than we would have had to otherwise use."
Salutations and welcome to the EB season preview!
A fair bit has happened during the close season months at L4. We've had the departure of the long standing oligarch Moyes, and the arrival of a new visionary leader in Martinez. The consequential ‘night of the long knives' style carnage which ensued witnessed the Finch Farm back room team being deconstructed and reconstructed, with big changes also afoot on the playing staff as old warhorses were shown the door and new, younger blood brought in . This preview will aim to sift through the shrapnel and remnants of dead bodies to piece together how things now sit as we head into the opening competitive fixture of the new regime at Norwich next weekend….
Is the squad stronger or weaker than last season?
Numbers wise, the squad as of now has 1 more body to that which finished the previous campaign. High earning trio Mucha, Hitzlspberger and Neville have all moved on, with Robles, Deulofeu, Alcaraz and Kone coming in. John Stones would also probably be classed as a new player given he didn't appear after joining mid way through last season meaning a significantly lower average age of the players coming in, which was crucial given that we had one of the oldest squads in the division.
Looking at the players recruited, Robles has obviously played in the division before at Wigan and will provide more credible competition than any of the previous kamikaze back up keepers we've had, although his gaff at Blackburn – combined with Howard's good form in the ICC Tournament – means that realistically he will play second fiddle for the most part. Alcaraz is a wily old campaigner and as long as we can wheel him onto the pitch enough times he can bring experience to an already solid defence. Surprisingly, Stones looks ready to compete for a first team slot already following a superb show against Juve, although his part in the Blackburn goal is a reminder that he is still a tad wet behind the ears at this level.
Up front, Kone gives us a different option given that he is better on the ball than off it whilst the player who could be our ace in the pack is Barça ‘wonderkid' Gerard Deulofeu who has arrived on a 12 month loan deal. Given the fact he is completed untried at this level there can be no expectation placed at the kids feet, but this could also be a strength in that opposition managers have absolutely no idea also what to expect and he seems to have the full repertoire of skills in his armour. Being completely honest here, I don't see him starting many games before Christmas and it will be his ability to impact games from the bench in the meantime that will be the crucial factor in him getting more starts in 2014.
All this could change of course if either of Baines or ‘Man United target' empty-head Marouanne Fellaini moves on. David ‘I don't talk about other clubs players' Moyes appears keen to take both, however having been caught with their pants down by United once this summer already it seems the board is keen to resist his Mark Hughes style approach to poach the duo on the cheap as close to the end of the window as possible to ensure we can't sign a replacement.
Will three at the back be our default formation this season?
Personally I think anyone trying to second guess our formation for any game this season will be wasting their time. Against Madrid for example, the default 4-5-1 with Fellaini further forward and the customary high line to condense play in the opposition half and rely on Distin's pace was very old Moyes. In other games like Blackburn though at times it looked at times 4-3-3 whilst the Juventus game – a match in which we played the best game of the pre season – there was a hell of a lot of change in systems with new face John Stones key to the dynamic.
“Certainly at half-time but even within the halves we've played different tactics and different roles. I think we can surprise people this season”
Leon Osman
Signed by Moyes but previously coveted by Martinez, Stones lined up against the Old Lady on the right side of a back three, but as he is decent at right back the system meant that when we had the ball it was fairly easy for the 3 at the back to morph into a four with Stones right back, Coleman playing right up as a midfielder with Mirallas in a more advanced centre forward role. In this game you could argue we played at times 3-4-3 but also 4-2-3-1 / 4-3-3. In short, the players are being asked to be more flexible during games and they appear to be responding to the approach.
Will the style change?
Martinez has spoken in pre season of creating a ‘unique' Everton style which alludes to what most people would expect that change will come, but how much change? Despite evolving the style at times, Moyes was a reactive pragmatist at heart whilst Martinez is every inch the idealistic progressive. Will it be a gradual evolution or a full scale revolution? The answer probably lies somewhere in the middle with evolution, not revolution the likely approach;
There's a lot of talk about finding different styles and being attractive to watch. Clearly I'm excited about bringing a mixture of what Everton represents and what Everton stands for, together with my beliefs in the game and taking all the good things that Everton have done over the last few seasons. That's a unique combination. We need to be a team that is capable of being flexible from a tactical point of view, We need to be in a position where we can keep the ball well and where we can break things down. That's what I'm really looking forward to — coming up with a unique Everton style. We all need to drive together to be a team that can carry on being competitive in every game we go into, slowly growing into something special. I think when you look at the experience of this group of players, that's always a helping factor. I've got no doubts over the success that this dressing room has had over the last few seasons and I know they can take football principles in very quickly.”
At Swansea, Martinez looked to gradually improve their passes made per game and consequently their share of the ball, moving from 200 passes in his first games to almost 3 times that figure as the team developed. At Wigan, pass completion and share of the ball went up each season, from 75.5% completion to 82.5% and share wise from 50.1% to 54.4% over his 3 seasons at the helm. The amount of fouls committed (a table we usually lead) was also reduced season by season, reducing from 496 to 452 over 3 seasons, all leading to a more progressive, fluid approach.
There have certainly been fewer back to front agricultural long passes from Howard and Jagielka in pre season. Instead, one of the midfielders that is more comfortable on the ball (Gibson or Heitinga predominantly) has been coming short to take the ball off Howard thus splitting the centre backs and allowing the wing backs to push on. A quicker passing tempo and anticipation of the second and third pass before the first are clearly aspects which have been ‘work in progress' this summer and whilst there has been the occasional calamity using a more fluid passing game from the back – like the Vienna goal – on the whole even players less comfortable on the ball like Distin have looked comfortable.
“I was kind of doing two roles at once. It was a case of working hard all the time and even when we didn't have the ball I'd be trying to close down and press defenders when they had it to get it back. Sometimes it was hard to get up and down all the time. Maybe you'd worked very hard without the ball then you suddenly get it and people had a lot of confidence in me to make a difference in the attacking third and do something decisive, and it can be tough. I like to get the ball to my feet, dribble and take people on – but if that's suddenly come off the back of chasing around and defending for 10 minutes it can be difficult. You're maybe not in the perfect condition to make that difference.”
– Kevin Mirallas on his positional play and fitness issues last season
From what I have seen so far there is a gradual evolution in style with more expression and a bit less of an emphasis on defensive shape when possession is lost. Mirallas is arguably the most likely to be the biggest beneficiary of this change in approach with less emphasis on defensive duties enabling more of an onus on expressive, expansive football. If he can stay fit he could be the key man in a more dynamic speedy team with other useful counter attacking options such as Kone and Deulofeu now in the ranks. Whether we will be as functional in terms of picking up points as we were under the previous regime is another issue however.
Who has shone so far and what is the likely line-up?
For all the comings and goings I don't expect too much change in terms of personnel for the first game. I'd expect Howard to start in goal and the usual back four of Coleman, Jagielka, Distin and Baines to remain relatively unchanged. Heitinga appears to be seen more so by Martinez as a reserve midfield option with Alcaraz – who can play left or right of centre – the most likely to compete with the established order, followed by Stones in the pecking order at the back. Duffy's inability to distribute will most likely culminate in him moving on before the window closes.
In midfield, I would envisage a triangle with Fellaini (if he's still here) most probably sitting deeper with Gibson alongside him. Osman – who probably likes to take too many touches in the deeper role for Martinez liking – would probably be the most likely get the nod at the attacking point of the triangle although Barkley will press him, particularly given his close season protein intake which looks to have given him the physical prowess to better protect his silky skills. Resident boo boy Naismith has also had a good close season, particularly against Real Madrid, and this trio will scrap it out for a starting berth as the advanced midfielder.
In the forward roles, Mirallas will come in on the right with Pienaar on the left although the duo will play predominantly through the middle when we have the ball and then wider when possession is lost. Mirallas will look to play right up top as a striker with Piennar coming deeper in behind, often resembling a 4-3-1-2. Alongside Mirallas, despite Jelavic proving he can still get it up in pre season as been ace, however Kone will probably get the nod as the lone striker with Anichebe likely to be third choice.
What are the key challenges faced?
There is always a period of transition of some sort under any new manager situation irrespective of the results. If you look at last season, of clubs under new managers in the higher echelons of the table, Spurs and Liverpool both accrued more points than the previous campaign despite both overhauling the style bestowed by the previous manager. Both clubs took time to embed methods and at one stage each side occupied positions in the lower half of the table in the opening stages of the season before both finishing stronger in the second half of the campaign. In Liverpool's case the evolution was more tricky with B-Rods boys heading the table at xmas for ‘most goals conceded from individual errors' – a consequence of asking players such as Skrtel in particular to suddenly start playing out from the back like Franco Baresi.
Top 10 Challenges to overcome:
I'm running the risk of stating the bleedin' obvious here, but I'd guess the following will be high on Martinez objectives this season;
1. Identifying root cause of poor away form particularly in the second half of the season – we've won away just once in each of last two season's post xmas
2. Breaking the reliance on set pieces/lessening the load of Baines to create chances & creating more genuine chances in open play
3. Cracking the code that witnessed a side that created the 4th most chances in the league (more than Man United) but had a conversion rate of the second worst in the league
4. Reversing a trend that seen us concede the 2nd most goals in the league from headers, without arguably our best aerial player Fellaini if/when he is sold.
5. Increasing passes made and % share of the ball to enable us to control games more particularly against rubbish sides.
6. Smoothen the transition by mitigating weaknesses of current players i.e Distin on the ball
7. Getting more numbers forward with emphasis on creativity and incision whilst retaining core strength at the back and recoveries.
8. Overhauling the mentality of a group of players who can often freeze under expectation and excel when the pressure if off.
9. Better use of first team squad and fringe players to better cope with dips in form and inevitable injury problems.
10.Developing the flexibility of players to be able to become adapt at different ideas, tactics and formations both game to game and during games
What is a realistic expectation for the new season?
If I was going to make a sweeping call on what will happen this season I'd say it's more likely the edgy, tight 1-0, 1-1 games that became standard under Moyes – no matter who the opposition – will be replaced by higher scoring matches with us looking more daring on the counter but equally less resolute at the back than under the previous regime. Upping this expressive adventure whilst harnessing it with our greatest strength (defensive shape/work rate) will determine how high up the table we finish.
Martinez is an expressive character – just look at his Big Lebowski clobber – who gives his players “unbelievable confidence” as was shown at Wigan who regularly came from behind to take points, winning 38 points from losing positions in 3 seasons which would indicate there will be plenty of twists and turns along the way. In terms of a point tally, we accrued 63 last season meaning we'd need a shift of +10 to get near to the ECL berths, and a dip of -13 if we are to finish lower than 7th. A realistic expectation would be 6th or 7th and a proper shot at one of the cups which in a transition year ain't too bad.
The caveat to all this of course is the transfer window and how we look after it closes with the futures of arguably our two most effective players – certainly numbers wise – still in doubt. To lose Baines – who created 1/4 of our chances last season – would be a savage blow, although it appears Fellaini's departure will be mitigated by the arrival of either the Irish midfield passophile James McCarthy or Luca Marrone from Juventus. If we are able to get into September in good shape and with the squad relatively intact then anything is possible.
EB
Advertisements
By Stephen Robb
BBC News
The re-release of the entire Beatles album catalogue has unleashed another wave of veneration for the 60s pop band. But could there really be anyone who actively dislikes their music? James Bond apparently hated The Beatles. In Goldfinger, he advises Jill Masterson that "drinking Dom Perignon '53 above the temperature of 38 degrees" is "as bad as listening to The Beatles without earmuffs". The Bond girl's own verdict on the Fab Four, unfortunately, is not recorded before her untimely demise on the inside of a coating of gold paint. That was 1964, when 007 may have felt threatened by that year's global success of The Beatles' first movie, A Hard Day's Night. Beatles for Sale - the new Rock Band game could net $40m for the Beatles Two years into their recording career and with Beatlemania raging on both sides of the Atlantic though, Bond was going characteristically violently against the prevailing mood. Forty-five years later, four decades after the Fab Four parted ways, his remark would be considered even more extraordinary, almost sacrilegious. The devotional, feverish excitement over this week's release of re-mastered versions of all 13 UK Beatles albums highlights the band's unique, enduring appeal. The first 50,000 box sets of mono versions of the discs, priced at £170, have already sold out, according to record company EMI. Saturation media coverage to mark the release of the albums, of which an estimated billion copies already reside in record collections worldwide, has been led by the BBC's "Beatles Week" series of programmes. The Beatles seem to occupy a uniquely unassailable position in popular culture - everybody loves them. Don't they? What year did Paul McCartney write Silly Love Songs? 1963, 1964, 1965, 1966, 1967...
I Hate the Beatles website Not Robert Elms. The author and broadcaster is one of a tiny minority who seem willing to stick their heads above the parapet and rubbish this most sacred of British institutions. "They did a few things that lots of people liked," says Elms. "Everybody can like them, from grandma singing along to When I'm Sixty-Four to the little girl singing Yellow Submarine." But he adds: "I just think they are either childlike and simple or rather leaden and pompous - one or the other all the time." Theirs is a sanitised and anaemic version of American blues-inspired rock and roll, he complains. "For me they turned something that was once sexy and raw and had roots, into something that was totally soulless, playground sing-along music." It's the sort of talk which risks a midnight knock on the door from Britain's popular culture thought police. Guaranteed a place on every Beatles fan's dartboard - Robert Elms While he concedes that they did write some good songs, he can list rather more of what he calls The Beatles' "crimes against music" - Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da, Maxwell's Silver Hammer, Octopus's Garden. Elms will not play The Beatles on his BBC London daily radio show, and says feedback from listeners suggests "there is a perhaps relatively small but vociferous group of people" who share his opinion of the band. In an article for the Glasgow paper The Herald some years ago, author and music critic David Keenan set out to find musicians who shared his dislike of The Beatles - and could find no-one. "It is a canon that you cannot question," he says. "Most people actually think you are just doing it for effect, putting on a front, playing the devil's advocate." That this is the usual response is confirmed by Elms, who insists: "I do mean it; it's not made up." Yoko lovers However, occasionally mocking the supposed greatest band of all time can be "quite fun" as well, he admits. David Keenan's favourite Beatle? Yoko Ono "I think everything that is over-inflated deserves a pin-prick in it occasionally," Elms says. "How can they be above criticism? That's ludicrous." Nor are the band any more sacred to Keenan, who says: "There is something so incredibly prissy about their music." He adds: "I am in such a minority that my favourite Beatle is Yoko Ono; without Yoko's influence I don't think there would be any Beatles music I could listen to." The avant-garde artist's influence in the latter stages of The Beatles' career inspired John Lennon, and in turn Paul McCartney, to new extremes of sonic adventure, he argues. However, it is the slick pop of the band's early years that is to blame for the tameness of most UK guitar music today, he insists. "The Beatles are the absolute curse of modern indie music," Keenan says. "Anyone who says they are influenced by The Beatles, alarm bells start to go off; it means they are going to be completely ordinary. It's about writing this perfectly-crafted music, the classic song - in inverted commas. It's not about being adventurous." Branded a moron Keenan's search for likeminded dissenters finally found success, inevitably, on the internet. 'Phoney Beatlemania' - Comrade Strummer before entering re-education The scattered online outposts of anti-Beatles sentiment include Suckmybeatles.com - tag-line: "Let it be ...over." Sean, who runs the site, says fans' reactions range from "disbelief" to considering him "downright offensive". "At first I'm accused of not knowing their material - usually while it's being played behind them in Muzak form," he says. "After I've proved that I'm familiar with the music, and that I can spout just as much useless trivia, I'm branded a moron who doesn't understand music and a dangerous lunatic who should be avoided." "Q: What year did Paul McCartney write Silly Love Songs? A: 1963, 1964, 1965, 1966..." is typical of the witty tone of the Hate The Beatles! Why don't you? web page. But the hate mail these sites apparently attract suggests many Beatles fans fail to see the funny side of having their great heroes abused. A rare fan Suckmybeatles.com's Sean, of Toronto, Canada, even refuses to give his full name, owing, he says, to past death threats. "I've been told the Beatles are all about 'peace' and 'love' (gimme a break, they're just a rock and roll band) and in the next sentence [they] threaten me with death," explains the home page of the site, Help! The Beatles Suck. Cuddly mop tops with acute pop sensibilities... or insipid pop imperialists Elms confirms: "On the internet, I can find some people who will hate me to the ends of the Earth because I don't like their favourite pop group." Daily Telegraph music critic Neil McCormick, who calls The Beatles' work "the most extraordinary musical journey in pop history", is among those fans sceptical of an opposing view. "It is a position people adopt because of the universal high regard for them," he says. "Popular music was in its infancy - with the talents compressed into that group they pulled it in every possible direction." The resulting musical diversity to be found between 1962's Love Me Do and 1970's The Long and Winding Road includes something for everybody to enjoy, McCormick argues. "There is a lifetime of music in The Beatles." He adds: "If you like popular music of the modern day, to say that you don't like The Beatles is kind of absurd. "It is the fount of popular culture." Below is a selection of your comments: At the time I can remember plenty of people who were not Beatles fans. They were Rolling Stones fans instead. Like Blur vs Oasis, you were meant to take sides.
Lawrence, Crowthorne, UK Kudos to Elms et al for being intellectually honest. No-one can dispute the impact they had on pop culture; but was their music really any good? The crazed responses these bloggers have received for voicing honest opinions simply shows the true legacy of the Beatles: rather than being truly "Revolution"ary, they have merely brought generations of mindless sheep into the useless pop culture fold.
Tom, Red Hook, New York Music is a personal thing - what makes one person smile can sound like nails on a blackboard to someone else. But you cannot argue with the fact that if there were no Beatles, popular music today would be very different! I am proud to be a fan!
Theresa, London I think that the majority's view of The Beatles is clouded by the fact that they are considered to be a national institution. If we were able to remove all of the glitter and hype that surrounds them, all that would be left is a slightly above average band... please don't kill me!
Jose Yossarian, London Put simply, there are some Beatles tunes I like, and some I don't. Does that make me a non-music-loving moron? I think not. Just honest. I respect everything that they achieved, but don't worship the ground they walk on and love every track by default. That said, I would challenge anyone who is a member of one of these "The Beatles Suck" websites to, honestly, and I think that is the key word here, "honestly", say that there isn't a single Beatles track that they don't like in some way. If they can answer yes to that, then I would imagine they don't like any music at all.
Stuart, High Wycombe I grew up in Liverpool in the 70s and 80s. This was before the city decided that The Beatles were the route to economic salvation and so I didn't pay too much attention to them. I'll never forget, though, a playground encounter with one of the many school bullies that populated the school. Asked what my opinion was of The Beatles, and thinking that this character was unlikely to be a fan, I replied that they were a bit rubbish. For that I received a punch in the mouth. I learned my lesson then and there.
Geoff, Louth, Lincolnshire I've always disliked *most* of the Beatles music. Lennon's voice always sounded so "nasally" and the music was generally IMHO overrated. "Eleanor Rigby" and a couple of other tracks stand out as quite good, but mostly as soon as I hear a Beatles song, I switch it off.
Tym, Clitheroe It is not sacrilege to have musical preferences. Even John Lennon said, "I don't believe in Beatles."
Perry Callas, Astoria, Oregon I've never liked The Beatles, but I do like Oasis. Is that weird?
Rich, Plymouth I can relate to the reactions the guys in this article get. I was treated much the same when I pointed out that Michael Jackson was just a normal human being; that he hadn't cured cancer, walked on water or done anything else similarly amazing, just lived a very public life, and then died a very pubic death. The Beatles are the same. They had some popular music that people agree to say they like so as not to look uncool - notice a pattern with the Arctic Monkeys anybody?
James B, Sheffield To say that you don't like The Beatles is the same as saying that you don't like non-classical music. There is far too much diversity in their music for all their songs to be disliked. Such people either genuinely think that She Loves You, etc is all they did and probably haven't even heard of the White Album, or they are just trying to be controversial for the sake of it.
David Kelly, Woodbridge, Suffolk I deeply resent paying time and time again for music already paid for countless millions of times over by Beatles fans across the globe. £200 during a recession is just pure greed and the cynics amongst us might think that Paul McCartney's stock must have taken a knock during the recent market crash. Give us back our heritage, Paul. You can't take it with you. John and George must be turning in their graves!
Carl Eley, Cardiff I had the entire Beatles back catalogue on my iPod for a while and found myself skipping tracks constantly. I maybe like a quarter of their stuff. We shouldn't forget, though, that they were true pioneers in a time when most artists didn't even write their own songs, let alone use studio effects, orchestras and, let's not be coy, drugs, to push the boundaries of popular music. Even their style of dress and the way they wore their hair influenced a generation. Without them we'd have had another 40 years of the 12-bar blues by men in leather jackets. Their impact cannot be underestimated. For that much they deserve their adulation.
Gruff Jones, Wrexham The Beatles are hugely overrated. That does not mean that they were bad, just that they were overrated. While they have a body of work that is not without interest and not without a few gems, the music of today would be far better off if they had never formed. Their legacy, aside from the music, is bland drumming, average bass-playing, and cliched pop songs lacking in passion - the sort of music which might have fitted in perfectly at a small club in the hometown of skiffle. The Beatles' music lacks the passion and raw emotion that proper rock and roll/blues has, and it lacks the meaning of folk music. Decidedly average.
Anthony Lazarus, London I view The Beatles in the same way I view the Ford Model T car. There's no doubt it was revolutionary at the time and had a big influence on subsequent automobiles. However, it wasn't the best car ever made and I certainly wouldn't want to drive one today.
Brian Yim Lim, Middlesex
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It's Time To Go Super Saiyan!
Developed to fully utilize the power of current generation gaming consoles and PCs, DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE 2 builds upon the highly popular DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE with enhanced graphics that will further immerse players into the largest and most detailed Dragon Ball world ever developed. DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE 2 will deliver a new hub city and the most character customization choices to date among a multitude of new features and special upgrades.
DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE 2 gives players the ultimate DRAGON BALL gaming experience! Develop your own warrior, create the perfect avatar, train learning new skills & help fight new enemies to restore the original story of the DRAGON BALL series. Join 300 players from around the world in the new hub city of Conton & fight with or against them.
The key for Brown has always been health, not talent. At 5-11, 179, Brown is slight, but he can fly - 4.34 40 at the 2014 combine and eight catches of 40-plus yards over his first 113 career receptions. He broke out for 1,003 yards and seven touchdowns his second season with the Cardinals, but a sickle cell trait that caused fatigue derailed his 2016, and slow-to-heal toe and quad injuries cost him six games last season. This year, Brown finds himself in Baltimore, replacing Mike Wallace as the team's ostensible No. 2 receiver and deep threat opposite Michael Crabtree. It's not an ideal landing spot - Joe Flacco averaged a meager 5.7 YPA last year - but there's opportunity if Brown can stay healthy. Read Past Outlooks
$Signed a one-year, $5 million contract with the Ravens in March of 2018.
This section compares his draft workout metrics with players at the same position. The bar represents the player's percentile rank. For example, if the bar is halfway across, then the player falls into the 50th percentile for that metric and it would be considered average.
The number of air yards he is averaging per game. Air yards measure how far the ball was thrown downfield for both complete and incomplete passes. Air yards are recorded as a negative value when the pass is targeted behind the line of scrimmage. All air yards data is from Sports Info Solutions and does not include throwaways as targeted passes.
This section compares his advanced stats with players at the same position. The bar represents the player's percentile rank. For example, if the bar is halfway across, then the player falls into the 50th percentile for that metric and it would be considered average. The longer the bar, the better it is for the player.
Recent RotoWire Articles Featuring John Brown
Past Fantasy Outlooks
Brown suited up for 15 games last year, but he was a shell of his former self, dealing with a preseason concussion and fatigue and soreness from a spinal cyst that wasn't discovered and removed until the offseason. At press time, Brown had his usual energy back, and he's going through his usual offseason activities, something he says he couldn't have done in the state he played last year. At 5-11, 179, Brown is small, but he runs a blazing 4.34 40 and can take the top off of defenses -- six catches of 40- plus yards on 101 targets, with 15.4 YPC and 9.9 YPT in 2015. Brown isn't especially physical, but he's got good ball skills and excellent hands. Brown finds himself in a good situation with Michael Floyd gone and only veteran Larry Fitzgerald, who rarely sees targets down the field these days, above him on the depth chart. While Fitzgerald led the league in receptions last year, he'll be 34 in August, and his 6.8 YPT was among the worst in the league. The Cardinals desperately need a go-to wideout for intermediate and deep routes, and the 161-pound speedster J.J. Nelson probably isn't it. Arizona is similarly thin at tight end, and while star RB David Johnson will see plenty of short looks, that shouldn't affect Brown's role. Brown has always had the skills, and this year -- health permitting -- he finally has the opportunity.
Brown did a lot with his 101 targets last year, turning them into 1,003 yards, a 9.9 YPT clip, good for second among the league's 32 100-target receivers. At 5-11, 179 and running a blazing 4.34 40, Brown is the team's field-stretcher, forcing the safeties to play deep and opening the middle of the field. Even so, Brown saw a surprising amount of red-zone work – 17 targets in 15 games – despite having the far-larger Larry Fitzgerald and Michael Floyd around. That said, Brown will probably have to wait another year before he sees a major workload increase. Even at 33, Fitzgerald seems to have something left in the tank, and after a miserable 2014, Floyd bounced back and looked like the player who broke out in 2013. The other variable is 36-year-old quarterback Carson Palmer, who played at a high level a year ago, but has taken a beating over his long career. Assuming Palmer stays healthy, Brown should continue to be one of the most productive per-target wideouts in the league, and there's some upside should Fitzgerald or Floyd go down.
The speedy (4.34 40) Brown was drafted to take the top off the defense while Michael Floyd and Larry Fitzgerald operated underneath. But despite making a couple big plays in the middle of the year, including a 75-yard TD catch with 81 seconds left in Week 8 to beat the Eagles, Brown averaged a meager 6.8 YPT and only two of his 103 targets went for 40 or more yards. In fairness, the Cardinals were playing much of the year with a backup quarterback, and some of it with third-stringer Ryan Lindley, and Brown was a rookie third-round pick getting his first exposure to NFL defenses. But with Larry Fitzgerald returning for another year, and Michael Floyd offering nearly as much speed with much more size, it's hard to see Brown eclipsing last year's target total. Moreover, few of those targets are likely to come in the red zone — at 5-11, 179, Brown's dwarfed by Arizona's other top wideouts.
Brown, who was picked 91st overall in the 2014 NFL Draft, is a burner in the vein of teammate Ted Ginn, boasting 4.34 speed in a 5-10, 179 frames. The Cardinals' vaunted defensive backfield has been unable to contain Brown during the opening practices of training camp, but until his production is evident in preseason contests, he's at best a speculative late-round dart in drafts. Nonetheless, if he keeps up the pace, he could very well usurp Ginn in three-wide sets, which would ensure viability in numerous formats behind stalwarts Larry Fitzgerald and Michael Floyd.
Rhymefest and Kanye West's working relationship dates back for years, with Rhymefest having co-writing credits on songs like the Grammy Award-winning "Jesus Walks," "New Slaves," and more. Now with 'Ye's new album, The Life of Pablo, about to come out, Rhymefest shared some thoughts on Kanye's current state on his Twitter account.
When he was asked about why they haven't worked on more stuff, Rhymefest replied that he thinks 'Ye needs help and that he should step away from the public at the moment. "His mind and spirit isn't right," Rhymefest wrote in another tweet. It's unclear what prompted Rhymefest to come to these conclusions, and if it's something that 'Ye might even respond to, especially since he's been tweeting quite a lot lately.
@JakeChatty my brother needs help, in the form of counseling. Spiritual & mental. He should step away from the public & yesmen & heal — Rhymefest (@RHYMEFEST) February 12, 2016
@lord_cornwall nah his mind and spirit isn't right — Rhymefest (@RHYMEFEST) February 12, 2016
@freddief5 @Rayzure stooop, nobody airing nobody out. Until you walk our paths I ask that you reserve judgments — Rhymefest (@RHYMEFEST) February 12, 2016
It has long been said that the so-called two-state solution in Israel-Palestine is dead. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was in fact re-elected on the promise that Palestinians would never have their own independent state.
Now, even the most powerful pro-Israel organization in the U.S. appears to be changing its rhetoric on the two-state solution, which for decades was at the heart of the status quo in peace negotiations.
The American Israel Public Affairs Committee, or AIPAC, scrubbed a reference to the two-state solution from the “peace process” talking points on its website. AIPAC told Mondoweiss that it still supports a two-state solution, but this change may indicate a shift in rhetorical strategy.
The website alteration was noticed by activist Daniel Sieradski.
An archived version of the peace process page on AIPAC's website from July had three talking points. At the top of the list was the following:
Two states for two people.
AIPAC strongly supports a two-state solution and works tirelessly to bring peace to the region. A two-state solution – a Jewish state of Israel living in peace with a demilitarized Palestinian state – with an end to all claims is the clear path to resolving this generations-old conflict.
The present version of the page no longer has any references to the two-state solution. Otherwise, the talking points are similar — calling for direct and bilateral talks and compromise.
AIPAC does still however say on its mission page that it “urges all members of Congress to support … a negotiated two-state solution – a Jewish state of Israel and a demilitarized Palestinian state.”
Mondoweiss reached out to AIPAC for comment. A spokesperson said, “Our position has not changed – we continue to support a two-state solution.”
The spokesperson linked to references to the two-state solution on AIPAC's website, including on its legislative agenda page.
While AIPAC's rhetoric might have shifted a bit, its policies appear to have stayed the same. This is not true of the right wing in the U.S. and Israel, which have become increasingly hostile to the idea.
The Republican Party removed a call for the two-state solution from its platform. After meeting with Netanyahu, Donald Trump backed away from the longtime policy.
Prominent members of the far-right Trump camp, such as former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani, have also insisted the U.S. should drop its call for an independent Palestinian state. Giuliani has been tapped as a potential attorney general in Trump's extreme-right administration.
Even more mainstream conservative politicians like former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee are now openly expressing opposition to the two-state solution.
Action is also being taken within the Israeli government to pound the final nails into the two-state coffin. Israel's Ministerial Committee for Legislation unanimously approved a bill on November 13 that would retroactively “legalize” settlements in the occupied West Bank, which are illegal under international law. The bill will have to pass several readings in the Knesset to become law, but this is the first step.
From the perspective of Palestinian human rights, a one-state solution is not necessarily a bad thing. The question is of course what kind of state would be created, and what it would look like.
For decades, some influential Palestinians have called for a single, democratic, pluralist, non-sectarian state. In “The Fascist Tide and the Arab Revolution,” a chapter in her autobiography “My People Shall Live: The Autobiography of a Revolutionary,” Leila Khaled wrote that “the supreme objective of the Palestinian liberation movement” is “the construction of a socialist society in which both Arabs and Jews can live in peace and harmony.”
Khaled, however, is a leader in the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, or PFLP, a revolutionary Marxist organization. Today, those calling for official Israeli annexation of the occupied Palestinian territories are on the polar opposite side of the spectrum.
The politicians inside Israel and the U.S. pushing for a one-state solution are overwhelmingly on the far right. The kind of state they are on the path of creating would change the situation in Israel-Palestine from de facto apartheid to de jure apartheid.
For Rep. Maxine Waters, each day brings with it new hope that the #Resistance will find a way to get President Trump impeached. Today is no different:
"I don't respect this president… I don't think that he deserves to be president." —Maxine Waters on @Morning_Joe https://t.co/iERUe2uCjo pic.twitter.com/X5ujigOtaG — Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) April 21, 2017
"He's dangerous," US Rep Maxine Waters, Dem from California, says of Trump. "This is abnormal, what we're experiencing with this president." https://t.co/o53qlImCd3 — Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) April 21, 2017
Is “I don't think he deserves to be president” grounds for impeachment? Rep. Waters hopes so:
The President is a liar, his actions are contemptible, & I'm going to fight everyday until he's impeached. — Maxine Waters (@MaxineWaters) April 18, 2017
That's what we've heard.
***
Related:
WHOOPS! Maxine Waters accidentally makes a taxing admission
Maxine Waters slams ‘dangerous' Trump, and Salon is THIS impressed
1st Forsythe singled to left, Taylor and Turner scored, Hernández to third. 2 0
1st Hernández scored, Forsythe caught stealing second, Forsythe safe at second on error by Gurriel. 3 0
4th Barnes singled to left, Forsythe scored. 4 0
4th Correa doubled to shallow left, Springer scored, Altuve to third. 4 1
4th Gurriel homered to left (389 feet), Altuve and Correa scored. 4 4
5th Bellinger homered to right (378 feet), Seager and Turner scored. 7 4
5th Altuve homered to center (415 feet), Springer and Bregman scored. 7 7
7th Bellinger tripled to center, Hernández scored. 8 7
7th Springer homered to left (448 feet). 8 8
7th Altuve doubled to left center, Bregman scored. 8 9
7th Correa homered to left (328 feet), Altuve scored. 8 11
8th Seager doubled to left center, Pederson scored, Taylor to third. 9 11
8th McCann homered to right (363 feet). 9 12
9th Puig homered to left (349 feet), Bellinger scored. 11 12
9th Taylor singled to center, Barnes scored. 12 12
The candidate challenging ousted Democratic National Committee boss Debbie Wasserman Schultz for her Florida House seat in this month's party primary is filing a federal complaint claiming the congresswoman “illegally utilized DNC resources to undermine his campaign.”
Democrat Tim Canova's campaign says it is basing its claim largely on the leaked DNC emails that showed group staffers attempted to undermine Sen. Bernie Sanders' presidential run. Those emails resulted in Wasserman Schultz resigning as DNC chairwoman before the party's convention last month.
The complaint to the Federal Election Commission appears to reference other emails concerning Canova.
“The emails establish that on numerous occasions the DNC, under Wasserman Schultz's direction and control, used its resources to track my campaign, interfere with my campaign events and to assist the Wasserman Schultz campaign in her personal communications strategy,” Canova said in the complaint.
The complaint in part states that Wasserman Schultz had a legal obligation to institute a firewall between her campaign and the DNC but instead “used her position with the DNC and the resources of the DNC to improperly benefit her congressional campaign,” according to the campaign.
Sanders, who long accused Wasserman Schultz of rigging the election for front-runner Hillary Clinton in part through the debate schedule, in May endorsed Canova.
The primary, in which Canova will try to keep Wasserman Schultz from winning a seventh term in Florida's 23 congressional District, is Aug. 30.
The Canova campaign did not respond Monday to a request for specific emails to substantiate its complaint.
However, a review of the roughly 19,000 emails shows Canova's name appeared in 80 of them.
The name of Ryan Banfill -- whose LinkedIn page shows he works for Debbie Wasserman Schultz for Congress and Democratic National Committee -- appeared in roughly 1,050 of them.
Neither the DNC nor the Wasserman Schultz campaign returned a request Monday for comment.
Many of the emails related to Canova are found in the DNC's daily gathering of news stories. However, at least 15 relate to his request for access to Democratic state party voter files under the subject line “Urgent Question.”
Canova apparently was granted access and alleged Wasserman Schultz attempted to block his effort.
Other emails address how Wasserman Schultz should handle Sanders' endorsement of Canova.
In another, Alaska Democratic Party Executive Director Kay Brown discussed a Canova speech being delayed.
When contacted Monday by FoxNews.com about the exchange, Brown said, “I'll call you back,” then hung up the phone.
A May 22 email flags Sanders' effort to share fundraising money with Canova.
“Not cool,” wrote Kaplanj@dnc.org, identified as DNC National Finance Director Jordan Kaplan.
“For months, Debbie Wasserman Schultz pretended to be unaware and unconcerned about my campaign,” Canova wrote. “But as we grew, the emails show she was quite concerned. … She should have spent less time attacking my campaign with DNC resources and more time representing the actual people of my district.”
Parents of an enterprising dinosaur aficionado have approached Guinness World Records in a bid to have their four-year-old recognised under a new title: “Youngest Dinosaur Educator”.
Sydney couple Hill Wang and Qing Zhang say their son, Makan Wang, has managed to memorise an array of details about more than 30 species – all entirely on his own.
(Ehsan Knopf/9NEWS) ()
"Just looking at pictures [Makan] can [pronounce] names that are so long, four syllables and even five syllables,” Ms Zhang told 9news.com.au.
"He can tell what each dinosaur's traits are, what period they lived in, whether they're omnivores or herbivores.
“He's got amazing memory."
(Ehsan Knopf/9NEWS) ()
Ms Zhang said Makan can't read, and has been memorising the names by watching Dinosaur Train, a children's animated series about prehistoric creatures.
With the aid of illustrated prompt cards, the boy can now recall a number of names and details on command.
Makan's achievement prompted his parents to submit an application to the Guinness World Records, in the hopes their son might be named “Youngest Dinosaur Educator” – a title of their own devising.
The family are presently awaiting an official response but expect to have their answer within a few months' time.
(Ehsan Knopf/9NEWS) ()
"We wanted recognition that he is young and is doing an amazing job,” Ms Zhang said.
"Whether he wins it or not, for us, it doesn't really matter that much.
“We want him to continue to learn and this is encouragement for him.
"We're so proud of him and we're happy to see where he goes from here."
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Webinar has passed - Thank you to everyone for attending. See here for a full recording of the webinar
Sign up for our free webinar to hear Michael Wohl, an award-winning filmmaker, talk about successfully using this exciting new medium to expand the audience's experience.
Registration with the theta360.guide site is required, but is free and cancelable at any time.
Michael is an award-winning filmmaker with over 15 years of experience writing, directing, and editing independent films. He worked at Apple, where he helped develop the Emmy award-winning Final Cut Pro, and taught at UCLA's School of Film and Television. He has presented at film festivals and conferences including Sundance Film Festival, South by Southwest, and DV Expo, and many others. In his recent book The 360° Video Handbook, he brings the professional video producer's perspective to 360° video.
In this webinar, he'll give tips about pragmatic ways to immerse viewers in the VR experience, and teach techniques like applying directional and temporal cuts to 360° video. During the last 20 minutes of the webinar, participants will have the chance to ask Michael questions directly.
Five (5) participants who listen through to the end will be selected randomly to receive a FREE e-copy of Michael's book.
Sign up now!
October 01, 2013 CDC Looks Toward Climate Change in Brain-Eating Amoeba Cases
By by Jillian MacMath, AccuWeather.com Staff Writer October 01, 2013, 7:08:41 AM EDT
Researchers at the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) are investigating whether climate change could allow for the presence of the brain-eating amoeba, Naegleria Fowleri, in locations it has not previously threatened.
Naegleria Fowleri survives in warm, fresh water and infects people when contaminated water enters the nose and travels to the brain, resulting in the deadly infection known as primary amebic meningoencephaltis, or PAM.
The infection was confirmed in four children in the U.S. in the summer of 2013, killing three.
"There certainly is a concern," Dr. Jennifer Cope, medical epidemiologist at the CDC, told AccuWeather.com.
"We don't have data right now to show that the infections are increasing, but just by the virtue of the fact that it's a thermophillic organism and we're seeing warmer temperatures, I think just put those two together. It certainly is something we are concerned about and we will be paying attention to."
Most often, the infections are reported in southern-tier states, such as Florida and Texas, during the summer months. The two states have accounted for almost 50 percent of cases reported to the CDC since 1962.
RELATED:
Second Brain-Eating Amoeba Case Emerges in August Heat
Brain-Eating Amoeba Case Linked to Warm Water
Forecast Temperature Maps
In 2012, the infection was confirmed in Minnesota, marking the first occurrence outside of a southern-tier state. State officials confirmed it occurred after a heat wave, which warmed waters and may have made the area's fresh water sources more conducive to the amoeba's growth and survival.
Evidence does not suggest that more infections will occur with climate change, the CDC stressed, but the rising temperatures could allow the amoeba to exist in previously unhospitable environments.
"It may not be that there are more infections, and we don't have evidence of that, but it could be that infections occur in places where they have previously not occurred, such as Minnesota, Kansas, places we've seen recent infections," Waterborne Disease and Outbreak Surveillance Coordinator for the CDC Jonathan Yoder said.
In late August, the amoeba was discovered in the water supply of the St. Barnard Parish in Louisiana, a suburb of New Orleans after a young boy became infected. Residents were then urged to take precautions to avoid getting water in their noses.
@WWL-TV tweeted: "Flavor of St. Barnard water may change as parish targets amoeba." More Relevant Tweets and Social Media Reaction
How the amoeba found its way into the water is still unclear, the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals told AccuWeather.com.
"We are certainly optimistic that we're making some progress on understanding the ecology of the organism, understanding what's important for treatment, but certainly there's a lot to learn still," Yoder said.
Have questions, comments, or a story to share? Email Jillian MacMath at macmathj@accuweather.com, follow her on Twitter @Accu_Jillian or Google+. Follow us @breakingweather, or on Facebook and Google+.
Report a Typo
An article last month by Ankit Panda in the Diplomat, citing US government sources, reported that North Korea had conducted a test of a new solid-fuel rocket engine at the Magunpo Rocket Engine Test Facility sometime between October 15-21. Recent commercial satellite imagery from mid-September to mid-October shows activity at the test facility sometime prior to October 19 that may be indicative of engine testing and matches the timing of the reported test. However, the nature of this activity (excavation, presence of debris, etc.) cannot conclusively confirm or negate the event.
Figure 1. Overview of the Magunpo Rocket Engine Test Facility.
Site Assessment
While no vehicles or personnel are noted in any of the images examined, commercial satellite imagery from October 19 shows several interesting observations at the horizontal test stand (East Test Stand), which is used for testing ballistic missile engines. First, there are notable irregularly-shaped dark patches on the roof of the horizontal test stand. While there are somewhat similar features in earlier imagery, they are neither as large nor as well defined as those seen in the October 19 image. The exact causes and implications of these patches are unclear, as one would not normally associate such markings on the roof of the structure due to an engine test.
Next, the same image shows substantial piles of dirt or debris on the vehicle apron adjacent to the test stand that are not present in either the September 14 or October 24 images. While these piles of dirt or debris would normally be more indicative of construction activity than an engine test, they could also represent repair activity following a test.
Third, since its construction, there has been a small wall at the end of the horizontal test stand's exhaust trench. This wall is present in the September 14 image, but is no longer present by October 19. Accompanying this, some minor excavation and road work is evident at the end of the exhaust trench where the wall was previously located. The excavated area appears to have been filled and graded flat by October 24. The most likely reasons for the removal of the wall and associated construction activity are to either modify the stand to accommodate larger engines or to repair damage from a recent test.
Finally, color infrared imagery shows no significant indications of vegetation adjacent to the test stand being burnt from exhaust. This does not preclude a successful test having been conducted, as it may equally represent the North Koreans working carefully to minimize visual indicators of a test.
Taken as a whole, these activities alone or in combination could represent several possibilities: a successful engine test with the modification of the test stand to accommodate larger engines; a failed engine test that required repairs to the test stand; or construction work to modify the test stand for future tests of larger engines.
Aside from the above observations, the recent imagery showed that no significant infrastructure changes (e.g., new roads, new buildings, etc.) have occurred at the test facility since March 2016 and that the facility is well maintained and capable of conducting additional solid-fuel rocket engine tests when called upon.
Figures 2-4. Close-up of the facility from September 14 to October 24 show several developments, including excavation activity, the emergence and fading of dark patches on the roof of the horizontal engine test stand and the removal of the wall at the exhaust trench.
Expand Figure 2. September 14, 2017. Pleaides © CNES 2017, Distribution Airbus DS. For media options, please contact [email protected] Figure 3. October 19, 2017. Pleaides © CNES 2017, Distribution Airbus DS. For media options, please contact [email protected] Figure 4. October 24, 2017. Pleaides © CNES 2017, Distribution Airbus DS. For media options, please contact [email protected]
Figures 5-7. Color infrared imagery of the site do not show significant indications of burnt vegetation.
Expand Figure 7. Color infrared, September 14, 2017. Pleaides © CNES 2017. Pleaides © CNES 2017, Distribution Airbus DS. For media options, please contact [email protected] Figure 7. Color infrared, October 19, 2017. Pleaides © CNES 2017. Pleaides © CNES 2017, Distribution Airbus DS. For media options, please contact [email protected] Figure 7. Color infrared, October 24, 2017. Pleaides © CNES 2017. Distribution Airbus DS. For media options, please contact [email protected]
Key Facility for Solid-Rocket Motor Tests in the Future
The Magunpo Rocket Engine Test Facility, a key component in North Korea's programs to develop and test all classes of solid-fuel rocket engines, has been operational since late 2014. Construction of the current test facility began in 2013, on an 18-acre plot located on the shore of the East Sea (Sea of Japan), southwest of Hungnam, which was previously a SA-2 surface-to-air missile (SAM) site.
While retaining several housing and support buildings from the original SAM site, three new buildings (administration, processing and control) were added, along with several small out-buildings (generator buildings, storage sheds, etc.), gravel and dirt roads and two engine test stands (east and west). The design and sizes of these two test stands can accommodate the testing of any solid rocket engine currently known to be, or likely to be, in North Korea's inventory in the near future.
The larger East Test Stand is designed to test large ballistic missile class rocket engines. It is a semi-enclosed three-bay structure with a solid roof. It is completely open on its northeast side, semi-enclosed on its southwest side and measures 16.75-meters-long (38 meters if the loading ramp and concrete pads at either end are included) and 8.75-meters-wide (an almost identical sized structure was built at the Tae-sung Machine Factory's vertical engine test stand facility sometime during 2016-2017). A set of rails are mounted on the loading ramp/exhaust deflector and the floor of the test stand to permit easy loading and positioning of the engine.
The smaller West Test Stand is designed for testing air-to-air, anti-ship cruise and short-range ballistic missile rocket engines. It is also a semi-enclosed three-bay structure, although it has a U-shaped opening in its roof and is open on its northwest, southeast and northeast sides. What appears to be a full-height blast wall, however, is positioned 2.5 meters away from and covering the northwest side. These design features were likely incorporated to facilitate the positioning and testing of the smaller rocket engine in different flight attitudes. Overall the structure and blast wall measure 12-meters-long and 8-meters-wide.
The first ground imagery of this facility was published by North Korean media in March 2016, reporting on Kim Jong-un's guidance of solid-fuel rocket engine test at the East Test Stand.
Blake's Snow Shack, a Sanger snow cone business owned by a young man with Down syndrome, will be featured on a NASCAR stock car this weekend. (Published Wednesday, June 1, 2016)
Blake's Snow Shack, a Sanger snow cone business owned by a young man with Down syndrome, will be featured on a NASCAR stock car this weekend.
“I am honestly speechless,” Mary Ann Pyron, mother of Blake Pyron, told NBC DFW upon learning her son's logo will be featured on the No. 95 car during Sunday's Axalta ‘We Paint Winners' 400 at Pocono Raceway.
“Blake's little ‘Snow Shack' beside M&M's, Coca-Cola and other major companies!” Pyron said.
Blake Pyron, 20, of Sanger, is officially the youngest business owner in his Denton County community. And his family believes he may be the only business owner in all of Texas who has Down syndrome.
Blake's Snow Shack opened to a massive crowd during Mother's Day weekend, and Blake's inspiring story was featured by media outlets around the world.
Among those who were inspired by the Pyron family's story was Bob Leavine, of Tyler, who owns the Circle Sport-Leavine Family Racing team, which owns the No. 95 car, driven by Ty Dillon.
“Tanner, our grandson, is autistic,” Leavine noted in a statement. “He is 21 and after graduating from high school in 2015 he is now looking to that next step in his life – similar to Blake and his story.”
In addition to the Blake's Snow Shack logo - which will be featured prominently above each rear tire, on the roof and on the back of the car - the logo of Tyler's Breckenridge Village will be emblazoned on the car's hood.
Breckenridge Village is a caring residential community for adults with mild to moderate intellectual disabilities, according to its website.
“The Leavine family – they touched our hearts,” said Mary Ann Pyron in a statement. “We have tried to show other people that you can believe in yourself and your child can do anything that they want to. There is no limit for my child. And I feel that the Leavine family reaching out and for them to share us with 'NASCAR Nation' is great. We feel beyond blessed!”
Developing Judge Issues Arrest Warrant for Dallas City Councilman
Blake and his father will attend the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series race in Pocono on Sunday, June 5, according to a news release. The No. 95 crew will wear purple Blake's Snow Shack t-shirts during the race weekend – the same t-shirts that Blake wears for his business.
The "I am not a scientist" era in the U.S. Senate may be starting to wane. But the "I am opposed to doing anything about climate change" era is still going strong.
In votes Wednesday on amendments to the controversial Keystone XL pipeline bill, some Republican Senators finally went on record acknowledging that man-made climate change is real. But it is clear that the Republican leadership and most members of their caucus still have no plans to do something about it.
Five Republican Senators agreed that "climate change is real" and "human activity contributes significantly to climate change." Sens. Lamar Alexander (TN), Kelly Ayotte (NH), Susan Collins (ME), Lindsay Graham (SC), and Mark Kirk (IL) joined 45 Democrats voting for a climate science amendment offered by Sen. Brian Schatz (D-HI).
Ten additional Republicans could bring themselves to support those two simple propositions only after striking out a rather key word, to wit: "human activity contributes significantly to climate change." Sens. Bob Corker (TN), Jeff Flake (AZ), Orrin Hatch (UT), Dean Heller (NV), John McCain (AZ), Lisa Murkowski (AK), Rand Paul (KY), Rob Portman (OH), Mike Rounds (SD), and Pat Toomey (PA) voted for this watered-down version offered by North Dakota's John Hoeven. The omitted word matters. The heart of the scientific consensus is that the changes in the climate we're seeing are actually driven by human activity and cannot be limited without reducing carbon pollution. If you take out "significantly," you are still taking issue with that central scientific finding.
And 39 Republicans, led by Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, stubbornly stuck with unadulterated climate denial by voting "no" on both amendments.
Neither measure passed, as even the minimal version fell short of 60 votes. Hoeven even voted against his own amendment to assure that result.
(A third amendment declaring that "climate change is real and not a hoax" passed 98-1, but only after the Senate's leading climate denier, James Inhofe (OK), insisted it is a hoax to claim humans could have any effect on the climate. The Lord, he has said, would never allow that.)
What's clear is that almost all of the Senate Republicans still are not for anything. They're following the Big Polluter Agenda to block every step President Obama is taking to begin cutting dangerous carbon pollution, using the Clean Air Act and other existing laws. Senate Majority Leader McConnell, who could not bring himself to vote for even Hoeven's weak tea, is pledging future votes to block EPA's first steps on power plants, the nation's biggest carbon polluters.
And Thursday, with the notable exception of Kelly Ayotte and Susan Collins, every Senate Republican voted to condemn the President's success in leveraging climate action by China - something they've been demanding for 20 years - and to put new obstacles in the way of reaching a global climate deal in Paris this December. Fortunately, this effort to throttle global action fell well short of 60 votes.
So while some members of the Senate majority have taken the first step to recover from the drunkenness of climate denial, there are still a lot more steps before they achieve sobriety. They need to back solutions - or at least stop trying to block the President from acting under the laws Congress has already passed.
Contrast today's efforts with the last time Republicans held the Senate majority. Ten years ago, by a vote of 53-44 and with 10 Republicans in support, the Senate backed a resolution firmly endorsing climate science and calling for mandatory measures to curb U.S. emissions and lead other countries to action. The resolution, sponsored by Sen. Jeff Bingaman (D-NM), opened with three crisp findings:
(1) greenhouse gases accumulating in the atmosphere are causing average temperatures to rise at a rate outside the range of natural variability and are posing a substantial risk of rising sea-levels, altered patterns of atmospheric and oceanic circulation, and increased frequency and severity of floods and droughts; (2) there is a growing scientific consensus that human activity is a substantial cause of greenhouse gas accumulation in the atmosphere; and (3) mandatory steps will be required to slow or stop the growth of greenhouse gas emissions into the atmosphere.
It then resolved:
It is the sense of the Senate that Congress should enact a comprehensive and effective national program of mandatory, market-based limits and incentives on emissions of greenhouse gases that slow, stop, and reverse the growth of such emissions at a rate and in a manner that-- (1) will not significantly harm the United States economy; and (2) will encourage comparable action by other nations that are major trading partners and key contributors to global emissions.
Of the 18 current Republican Senators who served in 2005, four backed the Bingaman resolution (Alexander, Collins, Graham, and McCain).
But Sen. McCain, once a climate action champion, voted "no" on both the Schatz and Hoeven amendments yesterday. How the mighty have backslid.
The last British resident held at Guantanamo Bay has compared the U.S. military facility in Cuba to the fictional prison in Harry Potter where creatures suck the happiness out of criminals.
Shaker Aamer, 48, spoke out about his nearly 14-year stay in Guantanamo Bay in his first TV interview since returning to his family in London in October, saying the prison was like Azkaban in the popular book series, according to the Independent.
“The closest thing for my mind is [a] Harry Potter story. They got an island in Harry Potter, it says ‘Azkaban,' where there's no happiness and they just suck all your feelings out of you, and you have no feelings any more,” he told BBC's Victoria Derbyshire. “And truly that's how I felt all the time. Because that's what they tried, you know. They want to make you feelingless. They want to deprive you from everything, anything.”
The Saudi-born Aamer also said he was regularly beaten, doused in freezing water and hog-tied in the facility “built on how to destroy a human,” NBC News reports.
“It's a program that's been designed by psychologists,” he told NBC News' U.K. partner, ITV News. “Torture is not about beating, torture is not about hanging from the ceiling with handcuffs and all that.”
Aamer urged President Barack Obama to shut down Gitmo. The White House in July said it was drafting a plan to finally close the military prison.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
BACKSTORY
DCP stands for Digital Cinema Package. It functions like a digital film print and is my first choice to exhibit my movies theatrically. At first, this format was out of reach for filmmakers on microbudgets. Even today, the places that will make them for you are, in my opinion, overcharging for it. About a year ago, I had a crime drama playing at festivals. Most were asking for a DCP or blu-ray to screen from. I made a blu-ray that looked perfect on my broadcast monitor, but at the festival, colors were washed out, blacks were elevated, and the projectionist could not figure out how to keep their player from folding my 5.1 mix down into stereo. If you haven't experienced this sort of thing, and I'm sure you have, it's a terrific thing to face — after two years of post-production getting the whole damn movie to sing just right, some goofball who couldn't give a shit about doing their job right mis-projects your movie and is seemingly okay with not doing anything about it.
My understanding of DCPs at the time was that it was developed to remove as many variables as possible, like having a film print, so that color, contrast and audio were “fixed” and would look the same from theater to theater. That sounded good to me so I started investigating my options. And after a month and a half of testing and revising my workflow, I came away with a skill and knowledge that was pretty useful. It wasn't long before I started offering to make them for friends and fellow filmmakers, charging half the lowest going rate I could find. I whipped up a web site and called it Artisan DCP to emphasize the “hand-crafted” and personalized approach I was taking.
As I was learning to do this, I read/watched all the guides available online. They were good but each had gaps, little “gotchas”, that I would have to dig deeper into to find a solution. So what's presented here is my personal workflow for creating a DCP and the tools I use to do it.
Nearly all of the films I'm hired to convert are given to me in 1920×1080 HD, usually in some flavor of the ProRes codec in the Rec709 color space, with a 5.1 mix. So that's the imaginary source file this guide is written for. Lets begin.
THE SPECS
These instructions will get you within the Academy spec. So if you ever had the opportunity to qualify for Oscar consideration, you won't need a revised DCP. Here are the Academy specs:
Framerate: 24fps (not 23.976)
Compression: JPEG2000
Color Space: XYZ
2K Format: Full Container 2048×1080, Flat (1.85:1) 1998×1080, or Scope (2.39:1) 2048×858
Audio Format: 48kHz uncompressed, 24 bites
Minimum of 3 Audio Channels: Left, Right, Center or 5.1
Audio Channel Mapping (1-6): L,R,C,LFE,Ls,Rs
Encryption: Unencrypted material only
You'll notice that a 2 channel stereo DCP is not listed. While you can make one, not having a center channel anchoring dialogue to the screen will make you ineligible for an Academy Award… believe it or not.
THE TOOLS
So what tools will you need? A thing to note upfront is that the cost savings of doing it yourself will be negated if you don't already own this stuff. This DIY guide makes use of some expensive tools, as well as some free open source ones. Here's a list of apps you'll need.
Adobe After Effects
Adobe Audition
Final Cut Pro, or Media Composer, or Premiere or whatever
Apple Cinema Tools
Ubuntu (Linux OS)
EasyDCP Player (this fucking thing costs nearly $1400)
And last, you'll need to download this plugin for use in After Effects: DCI Converter. This will give you more control than the built-in XYZ color space conversion in After Effects.
PREP YOUR SOURCE
In the NLE (Non-linear Editor) of your choice, you'll want to export you movie with at least two seconds of black at the head. It won't pass a professional QC without it. Export in Apple ProRes is whichever flavor is suitable, for example, if your film was shot on a DSLR, the data rate of ProRes 422 will be more than enough. If you shot and finished your movie with higher quality, you can go all the way up to ProRes 4444.
Now, here's a quick word about aspect ratio for anyone finishing their movie in “scope” within a 16×9 frame. The theatrical aspect ratio for scope is 2.39:1. It's not 2.35:1, not 2.40:1. If you finish your movie in anything but 2.39:1 it will not fill the full frame of a scope DCP. You will either have black on the sides (pillarboxing), or top and bottom (letterboxing) depending on which side of 2.39:1 you're landing on. You do have the option to crop some of the image in order to fill the frame, but many don't like to do that. So my advice would be to shoot and finish for a 2.39:1 aspect ratio if scope is your thing. Also note, that if you have burned-in subtitles, they cannot go into the black letterbox area of your 16×9 source. This is not like mastering for your television. In a theater, you don't want to see projected black up on screen. At best, it looks gray and ruins the perceived contrast for the viewer. So treat your image area as the only active area for placing subtitles, credits, etc.
In the next article, we'll get into converting your picture and audio to be compliant with the DCP format. If you have any questions, please ask them in the comments below.
(Budget Travel) -- Radiohead made news when it allowed its fans to pay whatever they thought was reasonable to download the band's latest album. Now, innovative restaurants around the world are doing the same thing -- letting their patrons decide how much their meal is worth.
At Der Wiener Deewan in Vienna, Austria, cash donations are accepted at the take-out counter.
At Terra Bite Lounge (219 Kirkland Ave.) in the Seattle suburb of Kirkland, most diners slip cash into a donation slot by the barista, while others just walk away without bothering to pay.
"If I forget to bring enough money, I can just give more next time," says real-estate consultant Tina Cooper, who stops at Terra Bite most mornings for what she claims is the best soy latte in the neighborhood.
"When we first opened, some people felt uncomfortable and didn't come back," says Terra Bite's founder, Ervin Peretz. "But we now have regulars who put $20 into the slot every Friday for a week's worth of joe."
Discretion is certainly a theme of the pay-what-you-want trend. At Salt Lake City's One World Everybody Eats (41 S. 300 East St.), you can deposit cash into a "treasure box" or use the customer-operated credit card machine. The 50-seat restaurant, decorated with Buddha statues, serves organic dishes from a combination self-serve and assisted buffet. There's also an edible herb and flower garden with outdoor seating.
"All we ask is that you put a fair price on the food you eat, based on your income," says founder Denise Cerreta, who's mentoring other chefs to open sister restaurants in Durham, North Carolina, and Denver, Colorado.
A philosophy student opened Der Wiener Deewan in Vienna, Austria, where cash donations are accepted at the take-out counter. The all-you-can-eat buffet features Pakistani curries that change twice daily.
"I wasn't sure the concept would even work," says co-owner Natalie Deewan. "But after the first few weeks, our customers were so enthusiastic that they were paying more than their fair share." You can add to the funky decor by drawing on the Plexiglas walls with permanent markers.
At the Lentil as Anything chain in Melbourne, Australia, you drop money into a box by the kitchen. The first restaurant opened in 2000, and now owner Shanaka Fernando is working on his sixth location (when he's not running a refugee program). The cuisine is a mix of Sri Lankan and Tibetan, but eggs and veggie burgers are also on the menu.
"When it comes down to it, we just want to promote the very underutilized concept of trust," says Fernando. E-mail to a friend
Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE!
Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel, Inc., all rights reserved.
All About Food and Cooking • Travel and Tourism
( Want to know what Skyrim looks like when you install 200 mods at random? Find out in our eye-opening, eye-bleaching diary: Skyrim: Week of Madness . )
The ancient stonework of High Hrothgar prophesized that the 10,000th Skyrim mod would include a righteous sword of bananas and a flying Buick. Thank goodness for the uncertainty of prophecy, as while Skyrim has indeed received its 10,000th mod, its contents are more pragmatic.
Modder Joe Powell's Shannara Weapon Set marked the milestone for Skyrim's sizable mod library, and it provides an armory of sharp pieces of metal based on author Terry Brooks' epic fantasy Shannara series. Bethesda conducted a short interview with Powell discussing his first foray into user-made content and his experiences working with the Creation Kit tool suite. Onwards to 20,000!
The Orlando Magic are confronting their worst nightmare.
Dwight Howard has asked for a trade.
“You only get one time around,” Howard said Saturday night at Amway Center.
“You can't press the reset button. It's not ‘Call of Duty,' where when you die, you get back up. Once this is done — once I'm done playing — I can't turn back the hands of time and play again.”
Howard, a 6-foot-11 center who was drafted by the team in 2004, did not give many specific reasons for his choice, but he indicated that he is not happy with the franchise's on-court direction. He also said he wanted more of a “voice” in team decisions.
“They know how I feel,” Howard said, referring to the team's management.
“We've sat down and talked plenty of times this summer before the lockout and after the lockout. They know what I've asked for and what we need as a team, and nothing that we've talked about has changed or anything.”
His departure could have a severe impact on the franchise. The Magic almost certainly would not receive players of his caliber in a trade, and the franchise would lose its most recognizable star and its main attraction,
Central Floridians would lose their most recognizable resident.
Much remains unclear about what happens next.
Faced with at least two trade requests from Howard in recent days, General Manager Otis Smith has given Howard's agent permission to speak with three teams: the Dallas Mavericks, the Los Angeles Lakers and the New Jersey Nets.
Those talks should help determine what franchise is the best landing spot and allow his agent, Dan Fegan, to try to facilitate a deal that works for all sides, and maybe a third team.
Most people who know Howard well believe he prefers to go to the Nets or the Lakers.
Meanwhile, the Magic have no legal obligation to trade Howard before the NBA's March 15 trade deadline.
But while holding onto Howard through the end of the 2012 playoffs would offer some hope that he'd change his mind, it would also bring an enormous risk.
Howard could join new team via free agency next summer and leave Orlando with no players in return. That scenario occurred in 1996, when Shaquille O'Neal, another superstar center with outsized charisma, signed a free-agent deal with the Lakers and left the Magic with a giant void on the court.
Howard holds most, but not all, of the leverage now.
His stated interest in only three teams will limit the 26 other NBA teams' trade offers because those teams would have no guarantee that they could re-sign him.
He also has a significant financial incentive to get the trade done relatively quickly. The new collective bargaining agreement is complicated, but it gives teams an advantage in keeping their own players.
Howard can receive a five-year contract worth about $110 million in free agency, but to for that to happen, he must be traded to his team of choice before the trade deadline or must stay with the Magic, become a free agent and re-sign with the Magic next summer.
Otherwise, all other teams could only sign Howard for four seasons at a total of about $80 million.
So, it would be no surprise if Howard and Fegan push for a trade sooner than later.
Smith emphasized that the Magic still want to keep Howard long-term. Indeed, Smith repeated what Magic officials have said for days: that the team will make every effort to keep the All-NBA First Team center.
“It's the Magic's hope to have him on the team forever,” Smith said. “Our hope is for him not to go anywhere.”
Howard, 26, left the door open for a change of heart, but only very, very, very slightly.
“The back-and-forth for me is based on the people here: the town and the city,” Howard said. “I really love Orlando. I've given a lot for this community, and it's not because I want people to say, ‘Well, he gives us money.' I do it because I care.”
During his marathon session with reporters Saturday night, Howard mostly presented an uncharacteristically somber tone.
He may be nicknamed “Superman,” but many of his teammates and the people around town who know him well say that he's very sensitive to criticism.
“I really care for this city,” he said. “Nobody's going to understand that. And if you hate me because of a jersey, then you never really loved me. And that's how I feel.
“A lot of people are going to be hurt,” he added later. “You know, I'm hurt because, like I said, I love this place. But for me, I have to always do what's best for me, and people can say that's selfish. But you only get one time around the track. You only get one life.”
Now, it's obvious that Howard wants to live his life somewhere else.
jbrobbins@tribune.com. Read his blog at OrlandoSentinel.com/magicblog. Subscribe to our Orlando Magic newsletter at OrlandoSentinel.com/joinus.
According to data compiled by Haynes and Boone, in just the first four months of 2016 there had already been double the amount of bankrupt energy debt than in all of 2015, with the total secured and unsecured defaults rising to $34 billion, double the $17 billion total for all of 2015.
We can now add two more major names succumbing to the Saudi onslaught against marginal shale producers when overnightfirst Linn Energy announced a prepackaged Chapter 11 deal, followed by Penn Virginia defaulting just hours later.
In the first case, oil and gas producer Linn Energy LLC filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy after reaching a deal with lenders to restructure its $8.3 billion debt load and obtain $2.2 billion in fresh financing. In its bankruptcy filing press release, Linn announced that the holders of more than 66% of its credit facility have agreed to the “broad terms” of a debt restructuring but didn't provide further details. The lenders also agreed to let Linn Energy spend the cash securing their debt, known as cash collateral, and to help fund a new $2.2 billion term loan.
LinnCo LLC, a publicly traded affiliate, filed for bankruptcy alongside Linn Energy Wednesday. LinnCo was created to help Linn Energy raise additional equity capital and is taxed as a corporation, rather than as a master limited partnership like Linn Energy.
For those wondering if the bankrtupcy would prevent the company from pumping more oil, bad news: Linn Energy said access to the cash will allow it to continue normal operations without lining up new bankruptcy financing. However, the company still requires permission from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Victoria, Texas, to begin spending.
Having obtained creditor consents in advance as part of the prepack, we assume that once the existing equity is wiped out, the company will reemerge with a far smaller debt load. However, a problem may emerge if its partnership status with LinnCo poses a problem for investors. As the WSJ writes, partnerships, as opposed to corporations, take advantage of a structure that allows companies to avoid paying corporate income taxes. Investors' hunger for yield fueled a boom in these partnerships, which pay out their available cash to investors. Linn Energy led a revival of this status among companies pumping oil and gas and was once the largest energy producer operating as a partnership.
Such partnerships bankrolled the shale boom, buying up the older, more predictable fields that other drillers were trying to jettison to chase new prospects in flashier shale formations. But the partnerships had to keep buying new fields to keep their output—and cash distributions—growing. Many took on heavy debt loads to fund their acquisitions. Even before the price of oil began to slide in 2014, some critics raised questions about whether these companies would be able to keep their promises of steady and growing payouts. An earlier wave of partnerships went bust in the 1980s when commodity prices fell. But proponents of the structure argued that more sophisticated hedging markets would allow upstream MLPs to produce reliable streams of cash. In an effort to stem the hit to investors, Linn Energy completed an exchange offer last month in which holders of Linn Energy units were given the chance to swap them for stock in LinnCo. Shares in both companies are likely to be wiped out now that they are in bankruptcy, but the swap could address the tax issue for investors. Following the April exchange, Linn Energy launched a second, similar exchange offer that is set to expire May 23. In its bankruptcy announcement, Linn Energy said it is going to ask the bankruptcy court to allow unit holders to continue to swap Linn Energy units for LinnCo shares. The strategy is largely untested and many are watching to see whether it proves successful for Linn Energy.
The Linn bankruptcy was not a surprise: the company warned in March that a bankruptcy filing may be “unavoidable,” and said last month that it reached a settlement with bondholders on a restructuring that could take place through a chapter 11 reorganization.
* * *
In the day's second bankruptcy, energy producer Penn Virginia also filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection Thursday. And just like Linn, the Pennsylvania-based explorer and producer deals said it had reached a prepackaged agreement with holders of 87%, or $1.03 billion, of its total funded-debt obligations to restructure under chapter 11 protection and eliminate long-term debt by more than $1 billion.
Penn Virginia said it expects to emerge from chapter 11 by the end of the summer.
Penn Virginia's history dates back to 1882 with its founding as a coal concern in Virginia. It shifted to oil and gas in the 1980s, and more recently has pared its natural-gas holdings in favor of oil fields.
"Like many other exploration and production companies, Penn Virginia has been significantly affected by the recent and continued dramatic decline in oil and natural gas prices,” Interim Chief Executive Edward Cloues said. “We believe using the chapter 11 process is the most efficient way to achieve our financial objectives and deleverage the Company's balance sheet."
As a result, now that two more energy companies are about to see their interest expense slashed drastically going forward, the only real impact on the company will be that their all in production costs will decline substantially, allowing both to pump more oil at even lower prices, and thus adding to the global supply imbalance, something that will infuriate Saudi Arabia and add even more output to a market that remains chronically oversupplied.
Denver Archbishop Chaput asked Notre Dame University Catholics this weekend to press for Church policy that would deny communion to U.S. Catholic politicians who support pro-choice or pro-gay rights positions. The speech comes in the wake of surveys that show most Catholics don't agree with Chaput on the issues.
“There is unity among the bishops about abortion always being wrong, and that you can't be a Catholic and be in favor of abortion — the bishops all agree to that,” Chaput said. “But there's just an inability among the bishops together to speak clearly on this matter and even to say that, if you're Catholic and you're pro-choice, you can't receive holy communion.”
Chaput said the bishops should adopt a clear policy that directs priests to not give communion to pro-choice Catholics and that instructs pro-choice parishioners not to present themselves for communion at mass.
Chaput said he's been trying to persuade the U.S. bishops conference to take his view on this issue for years but that some bishops believe a hard-line stand like the one he proposes would make it difficult for Catholic politicians to win election.
“Help me convince the bishops on this subject,” he asked the crowd.
Polling data published last month suggests the majority of Catholics in the pews will not help Chaput convince the bishops on the subject because they side with the bishops who oppose him.
On the issue of gay rights, for example, wide majorities of Catholics favor allowing gay people to marry or form civil unions and believe gay people should enjoy legal protections against workplace discrimination.
“It may come as a surprise to many that rank and file Catholics are more supportive of rights for gays and lesbians than are other Christians and the general public,” said Dr. Robert P. Jones, CEO of Public Religion Research Institute, one of the organizations that polled Catholics last month. “The best data available paints this consistent portrait across a range of issues, including same-sex marriage, workplace non-discrimination, open military service, and adoption rights for gay and lesbian couples.”
Speaking on the Institute's research, Dr. Michelle Dillon, chair of the Sociology Department at University of New Hampshire, told the Huffington Post that Catholics accept the fact that they will disagree with Church leaders on these sorts of issues as a matter of course.
“Most American Catholics believe that one can be a good Catholic and disagree with the Vatican and the bishops on issues of personal conscience. Gay-marriage has clearly become another issue, along with artificial contraception and divorce and remarriage, that Catholics believe is not core to what it means to be Catholic.”
On banning communion, Michael Sean Winters at the National Catholic Reporter wrote that Chaput mischaracterized the debate around the issue in his talk at Notre Dame.
There isn't an “inability to speak clearly on the matter,” he wrote; there is instead a genuine disagreement on the topic that includes opinion among the majority of bishops that Chaput is incorrectly interpreting Church law, specifically Canon 915 on refusing communion, and that he is promoting bad policy.
It would be more accurate to say that Chaput and very few other bishops interpret Canon 915 in such a way as to suggest that such denial of communion should be the norm, while the vast majority of bishops disagree. The reasons for their disagreement is obvious: It is lousy theology. There are many reasons why someone might not support a certain piece of legislation that would restrict or criminalize abortion. Chaput's simplistic approach is belied by the fact that he has never been able to suggest precisely what such anti-abortion legislation should look like. Would women who procured an abortion go to jail? If not, and only a fool would think our polity would tolerate women going to jail for this, what should the penalty be? Would abortion be considered simply as murder? Would the doctor go to jail or merely lose his or her license? These are not easy questions.
Winters believes Chaput is also wrong to suggest that the bishops who oppose him lack courage of conviction.
Those bishops who disagree with [Chaput]… are not cowards. They disagree with Chaput as to whether or not his understanding of Canon 915 constitutes sound theology and/or sound pastoral practice.
Chaput made headlines during the Denver-hosted Democratic Party National Convention in 2008 for saying national Catholic pro-choice politicians like Vice President Joe Biden should be denied communion. Chaput made news in Colorado this month for fighting to defeat same-sex civil unions legislation.
Dear Australian friends,First off, we want to thank you for interest and support in our Soft Launch . We were amazed by your overwhelming response. Several of our team members, including Veer, our Soft Launch lead, @Steven G. from E-comm and Sales, @Szymon K. from Product, @David Y. from Community, @Eric Z. from the US team, and me are flying Down Under to hear your thoughts on how the process went and meet you face-to-face so we're holding two fan events Down Under.The first fan event will take place on September 18th in Sydney at the Museum of Contemporary Art in the Harbourside Room from 6:30pm to 9:00pm.The second fan event will take place on September 19th in Melbourne at the Alto in the GPO Building from 6:30pm to 9:00pm. We'll have food and drink and will be doing some giveaways on a first-come, first-served basis so be sure to arrive on time!If you're interested in attending either of the events, please register HERE . While we would like to have all of you there, space is limited (in other words, act fast).Additionally, if you have questions you'd like to ask our management team, please submit them HERE so we can answer you in person at the events. We can't wait to see you there!Best,Kyle
The Queensland government's 'mates motel' isn't getting through to everyone, with one driver allegedly caught driving seven times over the legal limit.
Police recorded the Tanah Mereh stop as the highest of its 10,549 breath tests conducted across the state in the 24 hours to midnight on December 25.
But speeding continues to be the number one issue on Queensland roads, with 1772 camera detections recorded, with a further 262 people pulled over by police officers. The highest speed was 155 kilometres in a Redland Bay 80 zone.
Thirteen drivers couldn't resist taking that phone call or sending that text while behind the wheel, while 34 forgot to put on their seat belts.
The government has spent the last few weeks pushing its 'mates motel' message, which encourages those drinking during the holiday festivities to pull up a couch, or bathtub, at their friend's place rather than risk the drive home.
Police have announced their intention to, as always, concentrate on "high risk road user behaviour", which includes the omnipresent 'fatal five' – speeding, fatigue, impaired driving, not wearing a seat belt and inattention.
So far, Queensland roads have been free of fatal crashes this holiday period, although a 33-year-old Nerang man remains in a serious condition at the Gold Coast University Hospital after a single vehicle crash in Elanora over night.
The police Christmas road safety campaign will continue until midnight on January 3.
The New York State Constitutional Convention, Collusion, and Corruption
Priscilla Grim Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 9, 2017
The following essay is the result of an epic facebook rant (it happens to the best of us). I wanted to flesh everything out and cite sources. Nothing below, in anyway, represents Citizens Union of the City of New York or Citizens Union Foundation, both of whom pay my salary. #IndigenousPeoplesDay
Question:
“If we Vote Yes to a New York State Constitutional Convention, won't it be the same politicians running the show?” #NYConCon
Answer:
There are two big orgs committed to clear the path for everyday New Yorkers, the one I work for, Citizens Union and NY Peoples Convention. We are incensed that the same elected officials are always in charge and see the process of the convention as a way to build up new political people to serve in public office.
Which is why the heart of our YES campaign is to inspire people to run as delegate candidates (Citizens Union site — NY Peoples' Convention site). The year of campaigns, debates, and political conversation will shift political life FUNDAMENTALLY.
That is, if you are ready to work on something fundamental that is not based in supporting a single candidate or party — or is street protest.
FYI: I'm not a fan of voting as leverage, but this is voting for a process to begin.
Aren't you tired of seeing the same people elected into office and disappointing you? Gotham Gazette calls it the “Incumbency Protection Machine.” Aren't you tired of not having policies that help or seeing policies straight up BLOCKED?
I would think that once every New Yorker in NYC understood that we could get strengthened home rule and wrench control of subway funding and if we use plastic bags in the city or not, out of the hands of Albany — they would be in. If upstate New York understood that a more equitable distribution of education funding and quicker supports during recessions could be delivered, with stronger home rule, they would be in to Vote Yes for a #NYConCon.
A big reason that the IDC and Jeff Klein pushed the no campaign around pensions, is likely because continued funding of pensions of corrupt officials are being voted on in proposition 2. I guess once you are being funded by legit mobsters (not conjecture) anything is possible and you will protect your future at all costs, even at the cost of a supposedly “democratic” system.
A $13k/month consultant is paid to lie to the public and shift messaging around pensions (he knows the area as he served as the Executive Director for the National Pension Coalition) so that now — with the separate pensions issue for corrupt officials — anyone exposed to their messaging will vote against taking pensions away — period — even from elected officials who have been convicted of corruption in office (which does seem fair).
The people of New York are being PLAYED and instead of looking at that — I'm catching heat for posting too much about all the TOTALLY AWESOME possibilities for everyone if we Vote Yes to call a Convention. A campaign that has no money behind it, which is why we have very little advertising, no lawn signs, no stickers, no paid social (the lifeblood of political campaigns). BTW — if you want to support the YES Vote with Citizens Union — give here.
Those in power do not want the Convention to happen.
Elected officials are even holding illegal events to push a no vote all across the state, billed as “info sessions.” If you have been to one of these (I have found myself in plenty recently), please hmu on Twitter so we can discuss how to go after those abusing power in the name of “democracy.” Browse this document to see what an illegal electioneering event looks like.
When every elected official either wants you to vote no or not talk about the vote, you need to ask why.
We have a HUGE opportunity in front of us. Instead of being curious about this possibility that has been taken out of history classes — after civics courses have been gutted as the first to go in an impoverished education system — people are relaxing into partisan positions.
But the no vote is not partisan at all. Planned Parenthood is colluding with New York Right to Life because that is how power retains power. But it isn't even big power. Everyone is protecting their crumbs instead of reaching for the actual cake in front of us.
We need to get strong and work together to fix our government when we have the possibility. We are at that moment now. What happened to the great imaginations of New Yorkers?
one of the greatest NY minds — Basquiat
Have we been gentrified into vanilla circular thinking? Are we working too hard to be able to view the forest through the trees? Big money is winning the left, by steering us into complacency and collusion with a NO vote on proposition 1, instead of the work of democracy with a YES vote, in which all community members contribute beyond one vote.
The yes vote starts a process of democracy that we have never seen.
If you read the history of the conventions, the real problem laid in the fact that the meetings were not transparent. The communications revolution had not yet happened.
Citizens Union and all the coalition partners are working like crazy to both follow the vision of Cuomo #1 (because we had a 90% incumbency rate of re-election even in the 90s) with public meetings around the state and to get an online platform off the ground to be used in the process- to host live-streamed meetings and publish info about delegate candidates.
That's why our organizing fb group is public. That's why we host video debates on our pages. That's why everyone on the coalition is open and transparent about our backgrounds (find us all on the interwebs). The lobbyists, politicians and big money are already here. Big money is busy convincing the public that a corrupt Albany is one that works.
When clearly, New York State Government is not working for anyone but those who manipulate it.
Instead, I would, personally, like to see a Constitutional Convention led by the brightest minds in labor, those who are fighting for living wages and basic income. I would like to see women and people of color in leadership (instead of the current 73% white legislators). I would like to see meetings, all over New York State, with ways and means for all to participate. I would like to see a true public process, accountable, affordable (unlike $200 million on decorative bridge lights) and transparent, the total opposite of Albany.
While I have been getting screamed at online that I've somehow been duped into working for the MercerKochNameYrBillionaire monster (which I imagine looks something like below), the reality is, this campaign has been moving forward in spite of itself, a lack of funding, and New York machine politics.
I hope that I can convince my brothers and sisters working in the labor movement to side with the people who need advocacy in the fight against Amazon, Walmart, Uber, TaskRabbit and the many other new ways in which capitalism has found to exploit our lives in the name of profit, ways that were not even dreamed of in 1938.
A few ideas:
In solidarity — Priscilla
If you enjoyed this essay please consider throwing some coin in my grocery fund.
This essay is of my own mind and no way reflects the opinions of Citizens Union, for whom I work, so that I can pay rent and feed the greatest kid ever birthed.
Swipe gestures are incredibly popular on regular and touch screen enabled devices. Apple made them popular with its amazing trackpads that are a staple of Macbooks, and with the Apple Magic trackpad. Since then, precision touchpads have become more common. Swipe gestures are no longer an amazing feature limited to macOS desktops. Windows 10 natively supports precision touchpads and two, three, and four fingers swipe gestures. Windows 10 pre-configures the swipe gestures. You can use swipe gestures to switch between apps and virtual desktops, minimize all windows, go to taskview mode, and more. At present, you cannot use the three finger swipe to go back and forward in your browser. That doesn't mean it's impossible to do this. It's actually incredibly easy to configure three finger swipes for browser navigation.
Check If You Have A Precision Touchpad
This works only if you have a precision Touchpad. To check if you have one, open the Settings app. Go to the Devices group of settings and select the ‘Touchpad' tab. If you have a precision Touchpad, you will see the message ‘Your PC has a precision touchpad' at the very top. If you don't see this message, and this settings tab is mostly barren then you have an ordinary touchpad. You won't even be able to reverse the scrolling direction.
A Few Caveats
If you have a precision touchpad, we can configure three fingers swipe to go back and forward in your browser. Before we get down to it, there are a few things you should know.
This gesture will only work if your browser has a keyboard shortcut for going back and forward. If you have multiple browsers installed and they all use the same keyboard shortcut to go back and forward, this gesture will work in all of them. If your browser has a unique keyboard shortcut for going back or forward, this gesture will be limited to working in only that browser. Changing the configuration of the gesture will remove its system wide function and limit it to working only in your browser.
Three Finger Swipe For Browser Navigation
Open the Settings app. Go to the Devices group of settings and select the ‘Touchpad' tab. On the right, you will see an option ‘Advanced gesture configuration'. Click it.
On the Advanced gesture configuration screen, you can customize three and four finger gestures. Under the ‘Configure your three finger gestures' section, look for the ‘Left' option.
There is a dropdown under the ‘Left' option, like there is under all others. By default it is set to ‘Switch apps'. Open the dropdown and select ‘Custom shortcut' from the options.
Now, we're ready to change what swiping left with three fingers does. When you select the ‘Custom shortcut' option, you get an option to record a keyboard shortcut. This shortcut is mapped to the three finger left swipe gesture. Click the ‘Start recording' button. Type your browser's keyboard shortcut for going back.
We did this for Chrome. In Chrome, the ‘back' keyboard shortcut is Alt+Left arrow key. Click the ‘Stop recording' button after you enter the keyboard shortcut.
Repeat this for the ‘Right' gesture as well. For Chrome, the shortcut you want to record is ‘Alt+Right arrow key'.
Reset Swipe Gestures
If you don't like how things work, you can scroll to the very end of the Touchpad' tab and click ‘Reset' to reset all swipe gestures to default. Changing what the three finger left and right swipe gestures do will change it through out the system. For the most part, it's likely this gesture will only work in your browser. The three finger up and down swipe, as well as the three finger tap gestures will continue to work like they always do.
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
The Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) announced a revised capital plan on Wednesday as the results of the Bank of England's (BOE) the latest round of stress tests on the U.K. banking system revealed it as the poorest performer of the seven lending institutions examined.
From a capital adequacy perspective, RBS, Barclays and Standard Chartered were the three banks which failed to surpass the complete set of hurdles tested by the Bank of England.
RBS' updated plan was approved by the Bank of England's Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) on Tuesday evening ahead of Wednesday's announcement that the bank had failed to meet two of its key measures of financial strength.
These metrics are known as its common equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital rate and its Tier 1 leverage hurdle rate which calculate the buffers that banks keep for times of financial stress. Under the stress scenario these are tested before the conversion of AT1 debt. The latter is an instrument - hybrid bonds that combines debt and equity elements - which automatically converts to equity once the bank's buffer ratio falls below 7 percent.
Once the AT1 debt was converted under the stressed scenario, RBS did surpass the CET1 hurdle but still fell short of both the leverage hurdle and a third test - the newly introduced systemic reference point - which holds bank deemed to be systemically important from a global perspective to a higher standard.
RBS' relative weakness was largely due to its sensitivity to ongoing conduct fines, impairments and regulatory changes to risk-weighted asset requirements. The risk profile of its book – more weighted towards the worse performing unsecured, corporate and globally exposed loans than the better-performing domestically focused secured loans – also affected its stress test performance.
Commenting on the results, Ewen Stevenson, the chief financial officer at RBS, said the bank was committed to creating a stronger, simpler and safer bank for customers and shareholders.
"We have taken further important steps in 2016 to enhance our capital strength, but we recognize that we have more to do to restore the bank's stress resilience including resolving outstanding legacy issues," he said in a statement.
The U.S. intelligence community has come under fire for its mass electronic surveillance programs designed to discover what Americans talk about privately. But would it surprise anyone to learn that the nation's spymasters have also tried to shape what Americans read? And not only disinformation they feed to credulous journalists—such skullduggery has been known for ages—but also the kinds of poetry and fiction that we might read?
Eric Bennett, an assistant professor of English at Providence College in Rhode Island, attended the prestigious Iowa Writers' Workshop from 1998 to 2000, hoping it would help him to become a literary giant. It didn't do that, but it did help him to eventually discover surprising truths about American literary culture—as well as hidden facts about covert “perception management” and soft diplomacy during the Cold War.
Here, in my words, are some of the revelations in Bennett's illuminating essay published this week in the Chronicle of Higher Education.
Revelation #1: One of the most influential writing programs in American academia was underwritten in part by the CIA.
One month after he began research at the University of Iowa for his forthcoming book about the culture-shaping Iowa Writers' Workshop, Bennett discovered among the 40 boxes of papers left by Paul Engle, the Workshop's second director, “the smoking gun of the CIA connection”: evidence of funding for the school's International Writing Program, founded by Engle, from the Farfield Foundation, a CIA front organization that also financed the Europe-focused Congress for Cultural Freedom.
Bennett learned that Engle received Farfield funding for the International Writing Program in 1967. At other times program funding came from a different CIA-run group, the Asia Foundation, and from the State Department and the Rockefeller Foundation. (The latter organization reportedly doled out large sums of CIA money to numerous cultural institutions during the Cold War, although Bennett neglects to mention this.)
Bennett speculates that Engle may have first made contact with the CIA via the novelist John Hunt, who spent time at Iowa in the 1950s and worked for the spy agency.
Perhaps John le Carré might call Engle “the literary spy who came in from the Cold War.”
Revelation #2: The Cold War shaped the development of many creative-writing programs across the United States—and their participants.
The Iowa Writers' Workshop sired scores of academic writing programs throughout the nation. But Engle's efforts to nurture literary talent were not limited to developing aspiring American authors. In the 1950s he successfully pitched the Rockefeller Foundation on the propaganda benefits of sponsoring left-leaning writing students from other countries—creating a training ground and showcase that would demonstrate to the world's literati that America's cultural bounty was not limited to the likes of Mickey Mouse and rock and roll.
By covertly funding the International Writing Program, the U.S. government promoted the literary talent that Engle deemed worthy of support. This funding conferred substantial advantages that helped Engle's favored writers to succeed in the literary marketplace. Engle was a tireless promoter who knew how to leverage his influence. Even before he received CIA funding, he used his editorship of the O. Henry Prize collection to reward his favorite storytellers from the Workshop. His skill at grabbing the attention of the editors of Life, Look, and Time—magazines published by Henry Luce and Gardner Cowles, Jr., themselves also Cold Warriors—helped Engle raise the public profile of his program and its authors.
Yet few if any of Engle's alumni knew of the covert backers who helped load the springs that launched their careers. Bennett writes, “Raymond Carver, trained by writers steeped in anti-Communist formulations, probably didn't realize that his short stories were doing ideological combat with a dead Soviet dictator.”
Revelation #3: The literary values that animated academic creative-writing programs during the Cold War have endured, even if the covert funding has fizzled out.
The Iowa Writers' Workshop helped shape the M.F.A writing degree throughout American academia, and many of the literary values prized by Engle and successors such as Frank Conroy are still favored. Among these are what Bennett calls the “small-is-beautiful” approach to theme and story. Moreover, Iowa and its progeny urge their students “to aspire but not to aspire too much,” Bennett writes. Big concepts are to be avoided like clichés.
The widespread inculcation of the value of literary “smallness” in otherwise ambitious young writers may help explain why so many American readers are bored by contemporary literary fiction and rely instead on popular genre writing (including in TV and film) for their storytelling fix. The question is, why does this orientation continue to dominate many academic writing programs?
“Of course, it's more than brute inertia,” Bennett answers. “[W]hen institutions outlive their animating ideologies, they get converted to new purposes.” A few nuggets of insight about how the cultural and political economy of creative writing programs has maintained these literary values await readers who delve into Bennett's essay.
Revelation #4: Whatever change has occurred in the cultural winds in recent decades, irony remains an esteemed literary device.
The evidence? The publisher of Bennett's forthcoming book on the history and legacy of Iowa's writing program, warts and all, is none other than...the University of Iowa Press.
Now that's a twist worthy of a great story!
* * *
Correction: The original version of this post erroneously reported that Bennett claimed to have found evidence of CIA funding for the Iowa Writers' Workshop during Paul Engle's tenure as director. In fact, Bennett's claim pertained only to the University of Iowa's International Writing Program during Engle's tenure; the post has been updated to reflect this. Although the recipient of the covert funding is different than first reported, the overall result is essentially the same: the government's surreptitious propaganda efforts, however limited in duration they might have been, served to distort the cultural marketplace. Readers interested in hearing Bennett defend his claims from rebuttals by the current director of the University of Iowa's International Writing Program, and other critics, can listen to a recorded segment on Iowa Public Radio devoted to this topic, available here. For more on CIA funding of cultural institutions during the Cold War, see The Cultural Cold War: The CIA and the World of Arts and Letters, by Frances Stonor Saunders. An intriguing New York Times review of this 2000 book, along with a link to a book chapter, is available here.
Tags: Books, Culture, Government subsidies, Propaganda
GURUGRAM: Two Muslim teachers accused of forcing the only two Hindu students of a government-run residential school in Mewat to offer namaz have been suspended, while another has been transferred.A three-member panel, led by the district education officer, has also been constituted by deputy commissioner Mani Ram Sharma to investigate the charges against the three teachers of Mewat Model School in Madhi village. The school has 207 students and is one among several run by the Mewat Development Agency (MDA) for local residents.Action was taken against the trio — a computer science teacher, an Urdu teacher, and a social science teacher who's also the hostel warden — after parents of the Hindu students complained to Sharma on July 22. While one of the Hindu boys is a student of class VIII, the other studies in class IX. They are cousins.“Other students in the school have said the three teachers would ask the two Hindu students to abide by Islamic norms and offer namaz. The teachers also often asked the two Hindu students to convert to Islam,” teacher in-charge Naveen Shakti said.The computer science teacher and the Urdu teacher were suspended on July 28, while the hostel warden has been transferred to another school in Firozpur Zhirka, she added. The school, however, is left with only five teachers now.Shamim Ahmad, project officer of the Mewat Development Agency, said, “As per the complaints of the parents, action has been taken against the teachers. The truth will come out after the final probe report.”Other than district education officer Dinesh Shastri, the two others on the probe panel are tehsildar Basti Ram and Ahmad.“We have constituted a committee to carry out investigation independently, but we took action against the three teachers based on preliminary investigation. The matter is sensitive,” Sharma said.
The Kappa Alpha fraternity at Tulane University, Andrew Breitbart's alma mater, sparked outrage this week after they erected a wall made out of sandbags with the words “Make America Great Again” emblazoned across it.
Building a wall around its private property is a long-standing tradition of the local chapter, however it has now come under fire for what some students deemed as ‘messages of hate and ignorance.'
The wall has now been torn down. A video posted on YouTube shows people, allegedly footballer players at the university, tossing the sandbags aside as one member protests, “This is a private property.”
“These connotations most directly mocked the experiences of Latino immigrants and workers throughout our nation,” a Facebook post from a member of Tulane's Generating Excellence Now & Tomorrow in Education (GENTE), a group described as “geared towards creating a more welcoming environment both socially and academically for students at Tulane,” declared.
“By writing Trump in large, red letters across the ‘wall,' KA changed what was a tradition of building a wall into a tradition of constructing a border, symbolizing separation and xenophobia,” she continued. “This issue not only affects Latinos but all other marginalized immigrant groups in this country.”
Tulane's Latino student union also set up a petition entitled “Stand against the wall!” It condemned the Kappa Alpha tradition as “a source of aggression towards students of color on this campus” and that it fed into the “xenophobic and racist discourse that has surrounded this general election.”
Jesse Lyons, the national fraternity's assistant executive director, told The Times-Picayune that the words written on the sandbags were intended as satire and were not designed to cause offence.
“Our chapter takes KA's values of gentlemanly conduct very seriously. This respect extends to every student of Tulane and every member of the broader community,” the statement said. “The comment was written on a makeshift wall on our private property, normally used for a game of capture the flag, to mock the ideologies of a political candidate.”
Tulane University said in a statement that it “encourages and supports the free exchange of ideas and opinions,” but the fraternity's actions “sparked a visceral reaction in the context of a very heated and divisive political season.”
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at ben@yiannopoulos.net
President Obama's “normalization” of relations with Cuba have been more tell than show, with much of the half-century U.S. embargo left in place and some “relaxations” designed to coerce Cuba into “privatizing” its economy, as Art Heitzer and Marjorie Cohn describe.
By Art Heitzer and Marjorie Cohn
Millions of Americans believe that President Obama has normalized relations with Cuba and ended over 50 years of U.S. efforts to strangle its economy. They might have been puzzled when the United States stood up against every other nation save one, in opposing the UN General Assembly resolution which passed, 191-2, on Oct. 27, condemning the continuing U.S. commercial, economic and financial embargo against Cuba.
According to the Christian Science Monitor, “when the vote lit up on the screen many diplomats jumped to their feet in a standing ovation.” The U.S. ambassador was not among them.
The UN resolution welcomed the re-establishment of diplomatic relations and recognized “the expressed will” of Obama to work for the elimination of the embargo. But the world community clearly does not think that intentions are enough.
Every year since 1992, the United States has unsuccessfully opposed these resolutions, ignoring the international consensus. In 2015, the U.S. deputy ambassador Ronald Godard said it was “unfortunate” that the text “falls short of reflecting … the spirit of engagement President Obama has championed.”
Cuba's foreign minister, Bruno Rodriguez, called for concrete action instead. “The lifting of the blockade will be the essential element to give some meaning to the progress achieved over the past few months in the relations between both countries and shall set the pace towards normalization,” he told the General Assembly.
Rodriguez said the blockade is “a unilateral act of the United States and should be lifted unilaterally, without asking anything in return.” He was critical not only of the U.S. Congress but also of Obama's failure to take executive action to ease the blockade.
This criticism of Obama's actions may surprise those who simply blame Congress' inaction for continuing the economic blockade. Just three days earlier, the National Lawyers Guild (NLG) unanimously adopted a resolution that criticized actions by the administration which seem to fly in the face of Obama's proclaimed “spirit of engagement.”
According to U.S. legal experts, most of the legislation over the last 55 years gives the administration the authority to block trade with Cuba — or not to. For example, the president could allow Cuba to sell its products to the U.S. market, but nothing has been done in that regard. Likewise, the U.S. Commerce Department's January 2015 regulations generally only allow U.S. manufacturers to supply to private enterprises in Cuba, and only if they will then be utilized for privately owned property.
This is a crude attempt to impose privatization on Cuba. A Commerce Department spokesperson explained that a U.S. producer seeking to supply a private enterprise in Cuba with heating and air conditioning equipment to service a Cuban hospital could not do so under the new regulations, because Cuban hospitals are publicly owned.
The new U.S. regulations are also much more liberal regarding telecommunications than for trade generally. These arbitrary restrictions undercut the administration's suggestion that Congress must act before the economic blockade can be lifted, although all agree that a full repeal requires congressional action.
The NLG resolution also noted three areas in which federal officials appear to be sabotaging attempts to normalize relations with Cuba:
1) The Internal Revenue Service is apparently moving ahead with its plans to revoke the 501(c)3 non-profit status of the Interreligious Foundation for Community Organization/Pastors for Peace (IFCO/PFP), based on its long history of using civil disobedience to challenge U.S. restrictions on travel to and trade with Cuba — even though the unit with responsibility to enforce these restrictions has not acted against IFCO/PFP.
2) The U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) has renewed its threats and prosecutions against U.S. persons based on previous travel to Cuba, four and five years ago, and has threatened to revive holding the “trials for travel” in Washington D.C. President George W. Bush had instituted those trials but abandoned them in 2006.
3) The U.S. State Department has continued its pattern of unreasonably delaying or withholding issuance of non-immigrant visas to mainstream Cubans invited to visit and speak in the United States by academic and professional organizations.
For example, when the American Sociological Association invited a gay Cuban doctor, who had headed Cuba's program of comprehensive treatment for transgender people, to speak to its August 2015 convention in Chicago, it took the offices of Sen. Tammy Baldwin, and U.S. Reps. Gwen Moore, John Conyers and Barbara Lee to pry loose his visa, which was issued only at the last minute, making him miss most of the convention.
As a result of these congressional efforts, he was then also able to speak at the Milwaukee LGBT Community Center and appeared on Chicago public television. This is the same experience of many invited Cubans, most recently a leading Cuban labor lawyer invited to speak at the October NLG convention, and this has happened year after year. Both of these Cuban experts have received U.S. visas in the past and visited here without incident, although each time they have had to wait until or after the very last minute to book their flights, often missing much of the conventions they were invited to attend.
Obama hopes to go down in history as having ended the half-century of U.S. hostility toward Cuba and its revolution. We do not know what the next administration will bring. Only pressure on Obama to act decisively can realize his promise to truly normalize relations with Cuba.
Art Heitzer (artheitzer@gmail.com) is an attorney and chair of the Cuba Subcommittee of the National Lawyers Guild. For more information and actions you can take, visit www.wicuba.org or call 414 273-1040 ext. 12.
The battle over rights to use Yosemite National Park names rages on. Following a suit filed last September for breach of contract and to avoid a possible trademark infringement claim by former park concessionaire, Delaware North, the National Park Service (NPS) changed the names of Yosemite park attractions, including the well-known Ahwahnee Hotel and Curry Village. The changes, made on March 1st, were met with outrage by park visitors and aficionados alike who equated Delaware North's actions to “corporate tricks” and petitioned the New York-based concessionaire to release these names back to NPS and the public at large. One petitioner, a media company founder, resorted to a more forceful tactic to get Delaware North's attention by purchasing six web domain names, similar to Delaware North's names and promised to give them to anyone who was against Delaware North in this litigation. By giving away these names, the reputation of Delaware North would most likely be damaged by new domain name owners. California state assemblyman, Ken Cooley, used another type of forceful tactic. He proposed a bill that would ban park concession contracts from transferring ownership of attraction names and disqualifying companies that pursued their ownership from bidding. Delaware North responded to these tactics by criticizing NPS for taking such drastic action because it offered NPS the ability to freely use its trademarked Yosemite Park names for the duration of litigation.
Additionally, on February 26th, about a week before the name changes, the Interior Department filed a petition with the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board (“TTAB”) to cancel Delaware North's DNC Parks and Resorts, Inc. (“DNCY”) trademarks. The marks in question include “The Ahwahnee,” “Curry Village,” and “Yosemite National Park.” The Interior Department claims that DNCY's trademarks create a “false association” with the names used by NPS. Essentially, DNCY's use of the marks would presume a connection to NPS because of NPS's fame and reputation. The Department also asserts that DNCY abandoned its marks without the intent to resume using them after the concession contract with NPS expired. Lastly, the Department claims that DNCY's marks dilute the “Yosemite National Park” mark because of how similar the marks are; this effectively impairs the distinctiveness of the “Yosemite National Park” mark. In order for the mark to be diluted by blurring, the TTAB considers six non-exhaustive factors, which depend on affirmative findings of the first two factors: the similarity between the trademarks and whether the similarity or association impairs the distinctiveness of the famous mark (i.e. “Yosemite National Park). However, in order for the famous mark to be diluted by tarnishment, the famous mark must be linked to a product of poor quality, or portrayed in an “unwholesome or unsavory context,” which results in the public associating the poor quality product with the famed product. Overall, it is unlikely the TTAB will find that the DNCY's marks tarnish the Park's name. The Department concludes its petition to the TTAB, by requesting either an outright cancellation of DNCY's marks or a transfer of its marks to NPS. It asserts that DNCY's reliance on the registered marks is simply a tactic to inflate their demands for compensation in its pending breach of contract suit against the Unites States. The Department also claims that DNCY's registration is damaging to NPS. DNCY responded with a motion to suspend proceedings, claiming that once the court determines the fair market value of the Yosemite-related marks and DNCY's registrations for purchase by new concessionaire, Aramark, the TTAB proceedings will be moot.
The marks of “Yosemite National Park,” “The Ahwahnee,” and “Curry Village” were registered by DNCY in 2003 and each mark is incontestable. The three marks represent Yosemite attractions that have been operating for over twenty years under the National Park Service and are designated as National Historic Landmarks. The concern for the future of these marks is legitimate; however, questions remain in the reading of the NPS-DNCY concession contract as to what type of property was transferred between the parties and whether the intellectual property of these attractions was part of the transfer. Determinations will be made but the ultimate question remains as to which forum will have priority in deciding this matter, especially in light of the Supreme Court's ruling in B&B Hardware, Inc.
Storage and Access of Pornographic Information
Decades ago, Jorge Luis Borges wrote about infinite libraries and perfect memory with the slightly sad air of someone who'd seen those things and knew their faults. Today we work toward infinite libraries and perfect memory with little heed for the possible consequences. How could it be bad to have everything possible stored? To remember everything? I don't know that it will be bad, but I do know that it will be different from our current lives of loss and forgetting. Right now, storing pornography causes problems even for people who have nothing especially perverted to hide: A collection of pornography gets to the heart of what it means to be a private individual. As we move from mass media to individually produced media, from edited collections of porn (magazines, commercially produced films) to individual snapshots and youtube clips and stored bittorrents, the particularity of a collection of porn will be testimony to its owner's private set of tastes.
Of course, it has always been a pain to store pornography -- and so we have the cultural trope of a stash of magazines "under the mattress" or in a box hidden in the closet. But as the sex industry shifts toward digital publication at every level, we might imagine that mere storage will become a problem of the past, or, at least, a problem related to legacy materials (books, magazines, videos, comic books, photographs, etc.). Cheap, massive storage media means no more problem, right?
Well, reviewers of porn find that they quickly amass more material than they will ever have time to peruse; librarians who need to provide access to controversial and poorly cataloged material end up overwhelmed; even casual collectors of pornography still need some way to keep track of what they have.
Toward that end, I am doing preliminary research on how people store and access their digital pornography collections. In my early interviews, I have already encountered a fascinating mix of responses; one person has said they store their porn "in the cloud," while another explained his detailed system for hiding digital porn files from his partner.
As I close, I will spend some time considering how we will store the pornography that isn't even being created yet. If science fiction author Charlie Stross is right, before long we will all be"life-logging" -- recording everything that happens to us, which of course would include all our sexual experiences. I think we might also one day be able to indulge in fully immersive AI-driven pornographic experiences (such as texting back-and-forth with artificially intelligent SMS-bots, sending texts and photos and audio to a perfectly responding far-away "partner"), and we'll also want some way to keep those experiences.
We'll have everything stored -- but what will the social consequences be? If it is trivially easy to amass a porn stash so large that it cannot be "consumed" in one person's lifetime, should a person with a large collection of pornography be considered a pervert? (Hint: I don't think so.) If everyone has so much porn, perhaps we have nothing to hide!
terrorists
Sena Medal
Having valiantly killed three, he ekes out a living as a guard because he is yet to get citationAn Army hero, who shot dead three terrorists, and was honoured for his gallantry with afor taking on terrorists without caring for his life and safety in Operation Strike in Jammu, has now been reduced to making a living as a security guard.The reason: Though he was honoured with the Sena Medal (Gallantry) in 1999, 16 years on, Ex-Hav Mechanda Chittiappa Ganapathy is still waiting for his citation, which could have changed his fortunes.Chittiappa, who should have been riding high on his fortune after a glorious career with over nine medals and a successful stint including in Operation Vijay in 1999, is now an armed security guard at State Bank of India, Pandavapura in Mandya district.VeKare the Ex-Servicemen's Trust that has been working for the welfare of ex-servicemen led by Mandetira N Subramani for the last 25 years, has now moved the army and state government brass bringing Chittiappa's sad tale to light. The trust has detailed his plight and has sought the department of State Sainik Welfare and Resettlement intervention in its letter dated March 31.Speaking to Bangalore Mirror, Chettiappa said, “I was told that the citation would be sent to the unit. I was in 25 Rashtriya Rifles Jammu. It didn't come there or to my unit in Madras. I completed my service of 18 years waiting for it. Recently, in a conference for ex-servicemen, I got to know about Subramani sir and I have approached him for help.”Chittiappa (No. 2898447A) had enrolled in the Indian Army's 5 Madras Regiment on December 26, 1994 and was posted to 25 Rashtriya Rifles in April 1997. On April 17, 1998, he was the leading scout in ‘Operation Strike' conducted at Guldandahar forest in Doda district at midnight. As Chittiappa explains, his team spotted a group of militants hiding in Lonegwari at a height of 11,500 ft and on spotting a column approaching, the militants resorted to indiscriminate firing.“A fierce fight took place. Undeterred and unmindful of heavy volume of fire, he crawled forward and killed the militants. Sepoy Chittiappa displayed exceptional bravery, courage and devotion to duty of the highest order,” a draft of the recommendation to Sena Medal states.He was awarded with the medal on January 26, 1999, but the citation was not handed over. Since then, he has been waiting for it and is denied of all facilities including agricultural land for gallantry award-winners or cash in lieu of land and other benefits that were possible only with the citation. With Chittiappa approaching the trust, Subramani has taken up his case.Citation to any gallantry award winner is an important document as it describes the patriotic and exemplary achievement of army personnel, and qualifies the ex-serviceman for post-retirement benefits he is entitled to, Subramani said.“A medal without a citation given by the President of India, or by an Army Officer of high military rank on behalf of the President of India, will not carry any meaning though the particulars of the gallant soldier are inscribed on the edge of the medal in the official language, Hindi,” Subramani said.
Woman who visited doctors 1,000 times over 20 years is finally told what's wrong with her - and it's incurable
A woman had to visit doctors more than 1,000 times over 20 years before they finally diagnosed her illness.
Christine Wicks, 65, first visited her doctor with persistent sore throats and ear pain in 1988.
As the pain worsened and spread around her body, dozens of GPs and specialists blamed her problems on everything from tonsillitis and strokes to multiple sclerosis and heavy smoking - even though she has never smoked.
Long-suffering: Christine Wicks, 65, pictured with husband Fred, has been diagnosed with a rare, debilitating infection ... after 20 years of pain
After two decades of being misdiagnosed experts finally identified the rare bacterial infection actinomycosis.
If the condition had been caught early it could have been cured completely using antibiotics but it has now caused so much scarring that Mrs Wicks will never be fully cured.
The grandmother of five has to undergo three hours of drug treatment every day just to contain the symptoms.
Actinomycosis is caused by certain bacteria entering body tissues, leading to abscesses, fever and muscle pain. If untreated it can spread to the heart and brain and lead to meningitis.
Long time waiting: Christine and Fred 25 years ago, before she developed the disease, and now she has finally been diagnosed
Mrs Wicks said: 'It was over-whelming never knowing what was wrong. Eventually, I went into a shell and didn't want to see any more doctors.
'I felt they thought I was making it up and at one stage I thought I needed psychiatric help.
'I had at least 1,000 visits to the doctor, although my consultant said it could have been 3,000 and I still wouldn't have been diagnosed because everyone was looking in the wrong place.
'The doctors just didn't know what to do with me.'
It was only when Mrs Wicks and her husband Fred, 69, a retired engineer, moved from Essex to Long Sutton, Lincolnshire, in 2000 that she found sympathetic doctor John Jacklin.
She said: 'I went to Dr Jacklin and he had the patience to listen and find out what was really wrong. At last there was someone who believed me.'
Dr Jacklin and staff at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in King's Lynn, Norfolk, finally diagnosed actinomycosis after testing a sample Mrs Wicks provided.
She said: 'It is such a relief to finally understand what has been happening to my body for the past 20 years. I know I'll never be cured but at least I can fight this.
'I have a wonderful husband and magnificent friends, and most importantly the support of doctors, which is all I ever wanted.'
Her husband Fred has now been trained to administer her drugs three times a day through an intravenous tube in her chest, which must stay in until next February when doctors will judge how effective the treatment has been.
Gruelling treatment: Fred has been specially trained to administer her drugs three times every day through a catheter into her chest
Mrs Wicks now gives talks at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital to raise awareness of her rare condition. Despite the constant pain, she is not bitter about being let down by the medical profession.
She said: 'I'm not angry. There's no point being angry. My therapy is talking to people and making them aware of this illness.'
Her consultant Dr Syed Tariq said other doctors may have missed the actinomycosis because the bacteria die if they come into contact with oxygen. He said Mrs Wicks is only the second case he has treated in 29 years as a doctor.
The NHS estimates one in every 300,000 people suffers from actinomycosis. The infection often starts in the mouth or throat and will only spread if the bacteria has chance to penetrate the body's tissues.
It can be caused by gum disease, dental surgery, or, as doctors think in Mrs Wicks's case, a small particle of food or fish bone getting lodged in the throat.
On June 2 this year, actinomycosis sufferer Owen Reilly, 44, from Lanarkshire, Scotland, had part of his left lung removed after doctors wrongly diagnosed him with lung cancer.
Former Nile and Divine Heresy bassist Joseph Payne is not having a good day/week/month. After quitting Divine Heresy earlier this year, and I guess in need of money, he took to selling the ganj. I guess his empire got a little too big, because the cops started sniffing around and they busted him with about 2,900 grams of weed (that's 6 pounds folks).
According to WSOCTV in Charlotte, Joseph Payne, 28, and an accomplice were arrested over the weekend in connection with an investigation into "marijuana being transported from the Charlotte area and distributed in Iredell County." During the investigation, more than 2,900 grams of marijuana valued at roughly $26,000 was siezed. Specifically, Payne was charged with felony possession with the intent to sell and deliver marijuana, felony possession of marijuana and maintaining a vehicle.
I have never seen $26,000 dollars of weed, but I'm sure it smells delicious. Here's a photo approximation of how much 6 pounds of weed is:
…so a lot! In addition to the weed, three handguns and over $5,000 in cash were also seized, so a pretty healthy bust. According to NORML, they'll probably get less than a year of jailtime for this.
If the cops are reading this, and need a place to store the weed, the Metal Injection offices are available.
[via Lambgoat]
Related Posts
[Article updated on 17 September 2017]
Source: Pixabay
The Roman Catholic Church has long argued that one's life is the property of God and thus that to commit is to deride God's prerogatives. The counterargument, by philosopher David Hume (1711-1776) is that, if such is the case, then to save someone's life is also to deride God's prerogatives.
Most religions share the Church's in the sanctity of life, although a few have come to regard at least some suicides as honourable. For example, a number of Tibetan monks have killed themselves in protest against the Chinese occupation of Tibet—although this is perhaps more a case of self-sacrifice than suicide proper.
Legal systems have historically been informed by religion, such that in many jurisdictions suicide and attempted suicide are still illegal. The very expression ‘commit suicide' implies or at least suggests a or sin. In late 2014, the Indian moved to decriminalize ‘attempt to suicide' by deleting Section 209 of the Penal Code from the statute book. Under the said section, a suicide bid could be punished with a prison term of up to one year.
In the UK, the Suicide Act of 1961 decriminalized attempted suicide and suicide, but voluntary euthanasia remains a crime. This may change as the voice of pro-choicers becomes louder than that of pro-lifers. Broadly speaking, pro-choicers argue that a person's life belongs to no one but himself, and that his decision to commit suicide, especially if justified as a rational solution to real problems such as chronic and disabling pain, should be respected and assisted. In contrast, pro-lifers believe that a person's life is not his to take, regardless of circumstances.
Some of the stronger arguments in favour of voluntary euthanasia are that it preserves dignity, prevents suffering, and frees up valuable healthcare resources. On the other side of the argument, a person with a physical or mental disorder may lack the mental capacity to make a rational decision about such an important issue, or may feel pressured into making a decision, and, of course, cannot change his mind once he is dead. Moreover, voluntary euthanasia is difficult to regulate, and could be open to abuse by doctors and relatives keen to unburden themselves and free up or inherit resources.
Unlike most people, some philosophers do not think about suicide in terms of ethics. Existentialist philosophers in particular turn the tables round by arguing that life has no meaning and therefore that there is no reason not to commit suicide. Rather, a person must justify not committing suicide by giving his life a meaning and fulfilling his unique potential through this meaning.
As philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-1980) mused:
One is still what one is going to cease to be and already what one is going to become. One lives one's death, one dies one's life.
Nihilistic (from the Latin nihil, ‘nothing') philosophers differ from existentialist philosophers in that they believe that a person cannot justify his life even by giving it an individual meaning. For nihilistic philosophers, nothing can have a meaning, not even suicide itself.
Interesting as this may all be, suicide is seldom the product of rational deliberation, the so-called ‘rational suicide', but mostly an act of uncontrollable anguish and despair.
Around 1755, David Hume, who suffered from melancholy, published On Suicide and On the Immortality of the Soul in a book of essays entitled Five Dissertations. Unfortunately, pre-release copies of Five Dissertations stirred up such controversy that both essays had to be removed.
In On Suicide, Hume argues that, though only ‘one step' could put an end to his misery, man dares not commit suicide because of ‘a vain lest he offend his Maker'. This, combined with his natural , makes it ‘all the more difficult for him to be free'. Hume proposes to ‘restore men to their native liberty' by examining all the common arguments against suicide and demonstrating that suicide is ‘free from every imputation of or blame'.
According to Hume, God established the laws of nature and enabled all animals, including man, to make use of them by entrusting them with certain bodily and mental powers. Owing to this interaction between the laws of nature and the powers of animals, God has no need to be involved in the world: ‘...the providence of the Deity appears not immediately in any operation, but governs everything by those general and immutable laws, which have been established from the beginning of time.'
Given this state of affairs, man employs the powers with which he has been invested to provide as best as possible for his ‘ease, , or preservation'. If this should bring him to commit suicide, then so be it: the interaction between the laws of nature and the powers of man clearly permit it, so why should it pose an exception? Thus, suicide is permissible even if one adopts a stance.
For Hume:
The life of man is of no greater importance to the universe than that of an oyster... I thank Providence, both for the good which I have already enjoyed, and for the power with which I am endowed of escaping the ill that threatens me.
Natural philosopher Pliny the Elder (23-79) goes one step further than Hume in his Natural History by regarding the ability to commit suicide as the one advantage that man possesses over God:
God cannot give himself death even if he wishes, but man can do so at any time he chooses.
A common argument against suicide is that it is selfish and harms the individuals and society that are left behind. For Hume, a person does no harm in committing suicide, but merely ceases to do good. Assuming that he is under some obligation to do good, this obligation comes to an end with death; and even if it does not, and he is under a perpetual obligation to do good, this should not come at the expense of greater harm to himself, that is, at the expense of prolonging a miserable existence for some ‘frivolous advantage that the public may perhaps receive'. In some cases, a person may have become a burden to society, and so may actually do most good by committing suicide. In such cases, says Hume, suicide is better than morally neutral. It is morally good.
Regardless of the or permissibility of committing suicide, suicide entails death, and so the question naturally arises as to whether death should or should not be feared. In his influential paper of 1970, tersely entitled Death, philosopher Thomas Nagel (born 1937) addresses precisely this question: if death is the permanent end of our existence, is it an evil?
Either death is an evil because it deprives us of life, or it is a mere blank because there is no one left to experience this deprivation. Thus, if death is an evil, this is not in virtue of any positive attribute that it has, but in virtue of what it deprives us from, namely, life. For Nagel, the bare experience of life is intrinsically valuable, regardless of the balance of its good and bad elements.
The longer we are alive, the more we ‘accumulate' life. In contrast, death cannot be accumulated—it is not ‘an evil of which Shakespeare has so far received a larger portion than Proust'. Most people would not consider the temporary suspension of life as an evil, nor would they regard the long period before they were born as an evil. Therefore, if death is an evil this is not because it involves a period of non-existence, but because it deprives us of life.
Nagel draws three objections to this view, but only so as to later counter them. First, it is doubtful whether anything can be an evil unless it actually causes displeasure. Second, in the case of death there is no subject left on whom to impute an evil. As long as we exist, we have not yet died; and once we have died, we no longer exist. So there seems to be no time at which the evil of death might occur. Third, if most people would not regard the long period before they were born as an evil, then why should they regard the period after they are dead any differently?
Nagel counters these three objections by arguing that the good or evil that befalls us depends on our history and possibilities rather than on our momentary state, such that an evil can befall us even if we are not here to experience it. For instance, if an person receives a head injury that reduces his mental condition to that of a contented infant, this should be considered a serious evil even if the person himself (in his current state) is oblivious to his fate.
Thus, if the three objections are invalid, it is essentially because they ignore the direction of time.
Even though we cannot survive our death, we can still suffer evil; and even though we do not exist during the time before our birth and the time after our death, the time after our death is time of which we have been deprived, time in which we could have carried on enjoying the good of living.
The question remains as to whether the non-realization of further life is an absolute evil, or whether this depends on what can naturally be hoped for: the death of Keats at 24 is commonly regarded as tragic, but that of Tolstoy at 82 (even though he died of pneumonia in a hitherto obscure train station) is not.
‘The trouble,' says Nagel, ‘is that life familiarizes us with the goods of which death deprives us... Death, no matter how inevitable, is an abrupt cancellation of indefinitely extensive goods.'
Read my related article, Fighting Suicidal Thoughts
Neel Burton is author of Growing from Depression, The Meaning of Madness, Heaven and Hell: The Psychology of the Emotions and other books.
Find Neel Burton on Twitter and Facebook.
Travis Tritt the best watch out for Queen Bey's bees.
The “Help Me Hold On” singer said he's a fan of “honest to God country music,” and he doesn't believe Beyoncé fits the bill in a Twitter rant that will certainly be rebuffed by the Beyhive soon.
Following Beyoncé's performance of “Daddy Lessons” with the Dixie Chicks at the 50th annual CMA awards, the 53-year-old singer made it clear he felt her appearance was more a ratings ploy than anything and he followed up that opinion with a tongue in cheek tweet directed at the “Lemonade” singer.
Travis Tritt performs during CROCK FEST at Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre on Friday, June 19, 2015, in Atlanta. (Photo by Robb D. Cohen/Invision/AP) (Robb D. Cohen/Invision/AP/Andrew Harnik/AP)
“Thank to everyone who came out to see us in Bowling Green, KY tonight,” he wrote. “Sorry we werent' able to do any Beyonce for all the country fans.
Kenny Chesney says he wasn't sulking at Beyoncé's CMA performance
“FYI - My band and I are gonna try to work up Beyonce's ‘All the Single Ladies' for all you die hard country fans who love traditional music.”
As I see it, country music has appealed to millions for many years. We can stand on our own and don't need pop artists on our awards shows. — Travis Tritt (@Travistritt) November 4, 2016
Tritt continued on to emphasize though, that his Tweets were about music, not Beyoncé as a performer.
“I want to know when the BET or SoulTrain awards are gonna ask a country artist to perform on their awards shows?” he Tweeted. “As I see it, country music has appealed to millions for many years. We can stand on our own and don't need pop artists on our awards shows.”
NASHVILLE, TN - NOVEMBER 02: Beyonce performs onstage with Martie Maguire of Dixie Chicks at the 50th annual CMA Awards at the Bridgestone Arena on November 2, 2016 in Nashville, Tennessee. (Photo by Rick Diamond/Getty Images) (Rick Diamond/Getty Images)
Still though, the Beyhive launched its attack — most of them calling him racist for calling out their queen.
John Legend says there's a racism problem in U.S. after CMA drama
One person even called him out for knocking Beyoncé's mixture of musical genres with a screengrab from his Wikipedia page detailing the inspiration he found in his church and its African-American singers.
@Travistritt Didn't have a problem with Justin Timberlake singing at last years CMAs. #Hypocrisy — Jazmin (@Juust_Jazmin) November 6, 2016
Tritt ended his rant by listing a series of African-American performers he's worked with and then tweeting: “...Never thought I would ever be labeled as a racist.”
.@Travistritt dislikes Beyonce @ CMAs.
Doesn't want country mixed w/ other genres.
Screenshot from his wiki page: pic.twitter.com/c9qDlF5GKV — Wheeler Walker, Jr. (@WheelerWalkerJr) November 5, 2016
And the “Best of Intentions” singer isn't the first to come under fire for their responses to Beyoncé's CMA performance — the organization itself was blasted for racism for allegedly scrubbing all evidence of the “Halo” singer's appearance at the awards and the Beyhive called out Kenny Chesney for his less than enthused look while Beyonce took the stage last week.
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
“He hopes people don't Google his name,” said John E. Hartwig, a former deputy inspector general at the Department of Health and Human Services , one of various state and federal agencies that investigated Columbia/HCA when Mr. Scott was its chief executive.
Liberal groups planning to defend the administration's health care plan, whatever form it takes, are seizing on Mr. Scott's background through Web videos, fact sheets, blog postings and unflattering additions to his Wikipedia entry, which until recently did not mention his ouster from Columbia.
“He's a great symbol from our point of view,” said Richard J. Kirsch, the national campaign manager for Health Care for America Now. “We cannot have a better first person to attack health care reform than someone who ran a company that ripped off the government of hundreds of millions of dollars.”
Conservative health care activists, while glad to have a potential ally willing to spend $5 million out of his own pocket, are not fully embracing Mr. Scott, noting that he is entering a changed landscape in which some Republicans and industry groups that opposed President Bill Clinton 's health care proposals now view some form of change as necessary and inevitable.
“At the end of the day, they may come up with something we like,” said John C. Goodman, a leading conservative health care policy expert. “We shouldn't just assume that this is something horrible — if this is something horrible, we will be against it.”
“There is no Obama plan that's been made public yet, so what's the point of running ads?” Mr. Goodman added. “I don't see that you gain anything except attention for Rick Scott.”
Some former allies are more hostile toward Mr. Scott, painting him as counterproductive to their efforts for compromise.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I just don't understand why he would be a messenger people would listen to,” said Charles N. Kahn III, who was a senior executive with the insurance industry group that ran the “Harry & Louise” advertisements credited with helping to kill the Clinton plan 15 years ago but who is working for a deal now. “I don't think people are waiting to hear from him.”
Mr. Kahn, a Republican, is now the head of the Federation of American Hospitals, a private- hospitals group.
Mr. Scott is showing more support from some Republicans in Congress, though. Representative Michael C. Burgess, Republican of Texas and a member of the House health subcommittee, said in an interview that he had invited Mr. Scott to meet with him on Tuesday because he liked what Mr. Scott had been saying.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Scott declined several interview requests. His public relations firm, after initially offering to make him available for a discussion, later declined to answer questions about him, citing an exclusive arrangement with another publication.
In recent years, Mr. Scott, 56, has settled into a comfortable life in Naples , Fla., where he has built an investment portfolio that includes a chain of urgent-care clinics, some located in Wal-Mart stores, which Mr. Scott promotes as inexpensive alternatives to emergency rooms, especially for the uninsured.
Mr. Scott has said his sole policy interest is to see to it that whatever overhaul Mr. Obama and Congress consider does not move the country toward a socialized system and away from what he calls his four pillars of reform: “choice, competition, accountability and personal responsibility.”
“After spending over two decades in the health care provider industry, I've seen these principles work firsthand,” Mr. Scott said in a recent statement in which he also criticized Mr. Obama for seeking a $634 billion reserve fund for unspecified changes to the health care system.
Mr. Scott's supporters say that he has been unfairly attacked over the years for challenging the longstanding orthodoxy of the nonprofit health care establishment.
“He has a much more businesslike approach to health care than anybody I've ever seen, and it is much more bottom-line-driven,” said Joshua Nemzoff, a hospital consultant based in New Hope, Pa., who has represented nonprofit hospitals in several deals with Mr. Scott. “He's aggressive, and sometimes that rubs people the wrong way.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Scott, a former Navy radar operator, built what would become Columbia/HCA from two hospitals in Texas into the largest health care chain in the world over just a few years. He seemed to relish publicly lambasting the nonprofit hospitals against which he competed and which he described as “non-taxpaying hospitals” impervious to real-world business concerns.
His approach earned him plenty of enmity, but also high praise. In 1996, Time magazine named him one of the “25 most influential Americans” for “transforming how American hospitals do business,” with an operation that “consolidates operations and imposes cost controls.”
Though Mr. Scott was not directly implicated in the fraud scandal — with whistle-blower suits filed against some hospitals before his acquisition of them — critics said his drive for profits had created incentive for fraud.
“The practices did pre-exist Rick Scott,' said Stephen Meagher, a lawyer who represented some of the ex-employees whose complaints prompted the initial investigation. “They were aggravated by the pressure he put on HCA employees.”
In an interview this week with The Washington Independent, Mr. Scott said of the charges against his former company, “If you go back and look at the hospital industry, and the whole health care industry since the mid-1990s, it was constantly going through investigations.” He added, “Great institutions, like ours, paid fines.”
One defender of Mr. Scott, Mr. Burgess, the Texas lawmaker and a former HCA doctor, said of the investigation, “A lot of us just looked at it as somebody in Washington playing politics.”
Others say the scandal took place so long ago they can hardly remember it. “I remembered reading a newspaper article about it all,” said Merrill Matthews Jr., director of the Council for Affordable Health Insurance, a group that formed to fight the Clinton proposals and expects to fight Mr. Obama's. Mr. Matthews said he would not shun Mr. Scott. “He's bringing a lot of money to the table,” he said.
Heidegger, Drugs and authenticity
Julien Böker Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 7, 2017
Martin Heidegger (1889–1976)
Sein (being) and Nichts (nothing)
Heideggers basic thoughts are that every Sein is surrounded by the Nichts. That is one truth that is given and all-time present. Yet, people try to escape this truth by engaging in numbing activities. It will start with things like chatter, news (Heidegger never reads the newspaper) or focusing too much on your work. These activity creates what Heidegger calls Uneigentlichkeit (inauthenticity). They leave a void inside yourself, because they detach you from Sein. When you can´t numb this void inside yourself anymore with those easy activities people tend to use drugs, alcohol, porn, television or video games. These activities are even more numbing and lead even further away from Sein. Uneigentlichkeit and Seinsvergessenheit (the oblivion that all seinede [beings] are attached to each other in sein) are the consequences.
The myth of moderation
People allways say that you need to keep moderation when you take drugs. Nothing is further away from the truth than this. Even when you once a month drink one beer you push yourself away from Sein. Moderation is the biggest lie by the drug-selling companies. Drugs are the consequences of the first wave of inauthentic activities like chatter or television. Drugs are the consequences of running away from the fact that the Sein is unwillingly attached to the Nichts. Even if it´s only one sip of alcohol in a week you are running away from facing that truth. In the long run, your behaviour will escalate.
Solution
If you want to break out of the cycle of Uneigentlichkeit and Seinsvergessenheit you have to stop all the numbing activities you are doing, NOT ONLY drugs.
To support your understanding of the Sein you should take walks in nature. Heidegger also supposes that to be more in touch with ourselves we should spend more time on graveyards.
Smriti Irani has met her match. Since the Budget Session of Parliament began earlier this week, the Human Resource Development Minister has been almost single-handly thwarting attacks from the Opposition on their criticism of the unrest at the country's universities after the suicide of a Dalit student in Hyderabad on January 17 and the student protests that have followed the arrest of the Jawaharlal Nehru University Students' Union president on charges of sedition on February 12.
The former actress' defence of the government's actions has been punctuated with literary flourishes and hyperbole. Her speeches in the both Houses have drawn much appreciation from government supporters, but Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati on Friday stole a bit of Irani's thunder by calling her bluff.
On Wednesday, Irani and Mayawati had a heated argument over the death of Dalit scholar Rohith Vemula. Mayawati had insisted the government should respond to her demand that Union ministers allegedly linked to Vemula's suicide should resign, that the university's Vice Chancellor be sacked and that a Dalit member be included on the judicial committee investigating the case.
A dramatic response followed from Irani: "First you allow the discussion... You are senior to me. You are a woman. If you want, I am ready to reply. If you are not satisfied with my reply, I am ready to behead myself and lay it on your feet."
Mayawati had to wait 48 hours for a reply. On Friday, Irani said it was incorrect to say there is no member of Dalit community in the inquiry committee constituted to probe Vemula's suicide.
Expressing dissatisfaction with Irani's response, Maywati said an upper-caste judge was the only person on the panel. She then promptly recalled the minister's earlier promise. “I am not satisfied with the answer of HRD Minister, the truth is that the inquiry committee has no Dalit member. Will you now keep your word?”
While Irani has yet to officially respond, the exchange had Twitter speculating on her possible reaction. Here's a selection:
Smriti: If you are not satisfied with my answer i will cut my head
Mayawati: Not satisfied with ur answer
Smriti: Mummyy. This was not in script — Joy (@Joydas) February 26, 2016
Smriti touching head 1 more time before fulfilling promise made to Mayawati. haha won't happen #KyunkiSmritiLiarHai pic.twitter.com/2mbrgHZnDc — Sir Chetan Bhagat (@chetan_bhaqat) February 26, 2016
Two Girls, One Guillotine -- Starring Smriti Irani & Mayawati. — Jugal Mody (@omfgthelife) February 26, 2016
Why s smriti irani behaving like this after mayawati s reply ?#KyunkiSmritiLiarHai
pic.twitter.com/xvLzXmEftZ — Vinay Dokania (@vinaydokania) February 26, 2016
Smriti Irani: If you're not satisfied with my answer i will cut my head
Mayawati: I am not satisfied with your answer
Smriti Irani: *Awkward* — Joy (@Joydas) February 26, 2016
Seven years of austerity have seen hospitals become ‘danger zones', doctors say, with many fearing worse is to come
Rising mortality rates, an increase in life-threatening infections and a shortage of staff and medical equipment are crippling Greece's health system as the country's dogged pursuit of austerity hammers the weakest in society.
Data and anecdote, backed up by doctors and trade unions, suggest the EU's most chaotic state is in the midst of a public health meltdown. “In the name of tough fiscal targets, people who might otherwise survive are dying,” said Michalis Giannakos who heads the Panhellenic Federation of Public Hospital Employees. “Our hospitals have become danger zones.”
Figures released by the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control recently revealed that about 10% of patients in Greece were at risk of developing potentially fatal hospital infections, with an estimated 3,000 deaths attributed to them.
Eurozone ministers won't budge an inch on Greek finance measures Read more
The occurrence rate was dramatically higher in intensive care units and neonatal wards, the body said. Although the data referred to outbreaks between 2011 and 2012 – the last official figures available – Giannakos said the problem had only got worse.
Like other medics who have worked in the Greek national health system since its establishment in 1983, the union chief blamed lack of personnel, inadequate sanitation and absence of cleaning products for the problems. Cutbacks had been exacerbated by overuse of antibiotics, he said.
“For every 40 patients there is just one nurse,” he said, mentioning the case of an otherwise healthy woman who died last month after a routine leg operation in a public hospital on Zakynthos. “Cuts are such that even in intensive care units we have lost 150 beds.”
“Frequently, patients are placed on beds that have not been disinfected. Staff are so overworked they don't have time to wash their hands and often there is no antiseptic soap anyway.”
No other sector has been affected to the same extent by Greece's economic crisis. Bloated, profligate and corrupt, for much healthcare was indicative of all that was wrong with the country and, as such, badly in need of reform.
Acknowledging the shortfalls, the government announced last month that it planned to appoint more than 8,000 doctors and nurses in 2017.
Since 2009, per capita spending on public health has been cut by nearly a third – more than €5bn (£4.3bn) – according to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. By 2014, public expenditure had fallen to 4.7% of GDP, from a pre-crisis high of 9.9%. More than 25,000 staff have been laid off, with supplies so scarce that hospitals often run out of medicines, gloves, gauze and sheets.
In early December Giannakos, a nurse by training, led a protest march, which started at the grimy building housing the health ministry and ended outside the neoclassical office of the prime minister, Alexis Tsipras. At the ministry, hospital technicians erected a breeze-block wall and from it hung a placard with the words: “The ministry has moved to Brussels.”
Few advanced western economies have enacted fiscal adjustment on the scale of Greece. In the six years since it received the first of three bailouts to keep bankruptcy at bay, the country has enforced draconian belt-tightening in return for more than €300bn in emergency loans. The loss of more than 25% of national output – and a recession that has seen ever more people resorting to primary health care – has compounded the corrosive effects of cuts that in the case of public hospitals have often been as indiscriminate as they are deep.
Pressure to meet creditor-mandated budget targets means that in 2016 alone, expenditure on the sector has declined by €350m under the stewardship of Syriza, the leftist party that had once railed against austerity, said Giannakos, citing government figures.
More than 2.5 million Greeks have been left without any healthcare coverage. Shortages of spare parts are such that scanning machines and other sophisticated diagnostic equipment have become increasingly faulty. Basic blood tests are no longer conducted at most hospitals because laboratory expenditure has been pared back. Wage cuts have worsened the low morale.
“The biggest problem is shortage of staff because people are retired and never replaced,” said Dr Yiannis Papadatos, who runs the intensive care unit of one of the three paediatric hospitals in Athens. “Then there's the problem of equipment and, periodically, lack of supplies like gloves, catheters, and cleaning tissues.”
Small acts of heroism have done much to keep the broken system afloat: doctors and nurses work overtime, with donors and philanthropists also helping.
Papadatos said: “I was brought up partly in Kenya by parents who emphasised the virtues of helping others. These days I spend a lot of time going round asking friends, or the private sector, for help when our hospital runs out of supplies. The monitors we use to track heart rhythms, blood pressure, that sort of thing, were all donated. People like to give. It makes them feel good.”
Unionists argue that healthcare is an easy target because successive governments have refused to properly tackle tax evasion, the biggest drain on public coffers. In a rare public admission, the International Monetary Fund recently conceded that cuts had been so brutal “basic public services such as transport and healthcare are being compromised”.
EU and IMF auditors to visit Athens as Greece's agony continues Read more
But at a time when the Greek debt crisis has flared again, after Tsipras's controversial announcement of a series of welfare benefits, there are many who fear worse is to come.
One of them is British-trained Dr Michalis Samarakos, who believes that while the health system is in need of further reform it also runs the risk of running out of specialists and clinical trainees. Already there has been a massive exodus of doctors abroad, mostly to Germany and the UK, as a result of lack of opportunity.
“The best are leaving because their potential cannot be developed here,” he said. “I can see it teaching sixth-year students at Athens University, everyone wants a reference, everyone wants to go.
“It's become a growing problem. We don't have nephrologists, for example, because there are no prospects for specialists, either in or out of the system [in private practice].
“Trainee doctors are the backbone of any hospital – without them hospitals can't function. Unless there is a big change, I worry greatly that things can only become worse.”
Function annotations are nothing more than a way of associating arbitrary Python expressions with various parts of a function at compile-time.
By itself, Python does not attach any particular meaning or significance to annotations. Left to its own, Python simply makes these expressions available as described in Accessing Function Annotations below.
The only way that annotations take on meaning is when they are interpreted by third-party libraries. These annotation consumers can do anything they want with a function's annotations. For example, one library might use string-based annotations to provide improved help messages, like so:
def compile(source: "something compilable", filename: "where the compilable thing comes from", mode: "is this a single statement or a suite?"): ...
Another library might be used to provide typechecking for Python functions and methods. This library could use annotations to indicate the function's expected input and return types, possibly something like:
def haul(item: Haulable, *vargs: PackAnimal) -> Distance: ...
However, neither the strings in the first example nor the type information in the second example have any meaning on their own; meaning comes from third-party libraries alone.
Editor's note: This is a guest post by Sarah Hill, the Chief Digital Storyteller for Veterans United Home Loans. She is Hangout Host for its veteran and military issues news hub, Veterans United Network. She is also known as the first journalist to use a Google+ Hangout in a television newscast. You can connect with Sarah on Google+, or chat with her on Twitter.
If I told my broadcast students they could one day do a live report from their face, they might have laughed me out of the classroom. However with the advent of Google Glass, hands-free reporting could become an ever so important tool for newsies.
As a Glass Explorer, in my opinion, one of the largest impacts Glass will have, in terms of efficacy and innovation, is on journalism. With wearable computers like Glass, journalism is changing into a place where news content is created and shared instantly, quite literally through the eyes of the reporter.
Expect a rise in “ireports” with the bevy of powerful tools and technologies at the disposal of the wearer, telling stories in a unique first person video point of view. As amazing as the possibilities are for Glass journalists, the Glassware (apps) itself must evolve from its current form. So what needs to change with Glass before it is truly viable for journalists?
Designing for how journalists will use Glass
Journalists represent a very specific niche as content creators. To better understand how Glass can work for journalists, you have to look at the nature of the job. A journalist's directive in the field is to be the eyes and ears for the public, so that they can hold a mirror to the world around them. Currently, being that mirror requires the use of multiple devices, including a laptop and/or tablet, smartphone(s), any other third-party apps or hardware, and even professional broadcast equipment which can be cumbersome to carry.
The first thing Glass could do for a journalist is free up that device overload. Glass is a single, hands-free piece of hardware that you wear. As I told RJI, Glass provides you with freedom of motion and the ability to convey more intimate stories as journalists can be less intrusive to his or her subjects. Instead of taking your eyes off the action to take notes, you can record the event hands free from your face.
Sarah Hill wearing Google Glass
Imagine being able to shoot, stream and share a live newscast (a Glasscast, if you will) onsite in real-time while also interacting with the world around you. Using Glass, journalists could have the opportunity to tread new ground with their stories, accessing all of their resources from a single, easy-to-use device. Currently, it takes me more than a dozen clicks to awaken my smartphone, take a photo and share it on one of my social platforms. With Glass, I can do the same task with just a few clicks. In a breaking news situation, this ease and speed of social sharing will be key for newsies.
The key to winning over journalists will also lie in the accuracy and efficiency of Glass. Glass must offer them a wide array of Glassware apps. Journalists need the ability to record high-definition images and video that can be quickly edited. Currently, you can upload a video to YouTube from Glass using the Full Screen Beam app, but you're not able to edit it.
For Glass to be a viable option for journalists, developers must understand how journalists work and what resources they need to access to produce and distribute their content, so that they can meet their needs by creating better, more intuitive apps to round out the Glass journalist's working repertoire.
Creating content drains battery life
In its current form, Glass's battery life needs improvement for the onslaught of content that is created and consumed by the average journalist. In my testing using Glass with G+ Hangouts, I average about 90 minutes of battery life. For regular day-to-day use, my Glass battery life is about a couple hours. However, I would classify myself as a heavy user. I use my device to do Hangouts, which drain the battery faster than taking photos or videos.
For the Glass journalists in the field, a short battery life is problematic. I use a portable battery right now to keep my device charged but it kind of defeats the purpose of “hands free” when you still have to lug a battery pack around. I would bet the Google design team is already working to lengthen its charge.
More simplicity with more features
Glass currently supports a handful of voice commands – from “Okay, Glass”, which takes users to the Home screen, to “Take a picture,” or “Record a video.” – seemingly rudimentary commands paralleled to the commands from the days of ASCII and floppy drives. Glass also currently employs gesture navigation, which allows users to navigate the Glass user interface (UI) by using variations of finger swipes and clicks on the side of the frame. A tap of the temple is similar to a mouse click.
As cool as voice-recognition commands and gesture navigation may be, journalists will need the ability to customize not only their own unique sets of voice and/or gesture commands, but also everything else they have access to — contact lists, timeline, cards, etc. The way Glass and the Google+ app is setup now, you don't receive G+ notifications or G+ mentions like you do on your computer or smart phone. You only receive notifications from people Google considers “important” to you. For a journalist, limiting the outside world's contact with you limits the expansion of your sources.
As for design, it's taken years for the Project Glass team to hone its model to its current state, but there are still design changes to come. It's a superficial complaint, but some people don't think Glasslooks “cool” enough to wear. So if the design looks a bit more Geordi La Forge than Dolce & Gabbana, perhaps it's because those licensing deals have not emerged.
Eventually, users could have a variety of frames to choose from as well as the ability to adapt Glass to any existing frames. For instance, journalists could have more durable frames so as to protect the Glass hardware during more turbulent coverage, like if they were to be embedded with soldiers. Perhaps we could see goggles that encase the Glass that would allow a newsie to report from the aftermath of a tornado without having to worry about house insulation flying in their eyes.
Imaging, audio and video recording improvements needed
For the average user, the images, audio and video that Glass records is sufficient; however, despite the plethora of apps that are available, journalists will require enhanced HD recording and editing capabilities as they may be shooting in extreme weather and low-light or bright situations. This can be easily seen in the video of Matthew Panzarino's recent post, A day at Disneyland with GoogleGlass.
Glass also needs to rework the calibration of its lens to a user's line-of-vision to properly compose a shot before recording an image or video. Right now, I have to move the device down on my face in order to capture exactly what I'm seeing.
The lack of volume control needs to be addressed as well. In addition, Glass needs a ‘mute' function so the device can be used during a live broadcast. When I wear Glass when I'm on the air, every time someone mentions me on Twitter or I get a text message, the device beeps and there's no way to stop the sound short of powering it down.
Live broadcasts from your face
By far, the most exciting feature on Glass is its integration with Hangouts. Hangouts are a group video chat room for up to ten people including the host. Hangouts On Air are currently not supported for Glass, but as with any new technology, there will be updates on a regular basis, and some that will soon offer a patch for this.
For the time being, a TV station would still have the ability to route a private Glass Hangout through its control room and put it on the air. In the future, I see journalists going live from their face, freeing up their hands to pick up objects, open doors or otherwise experience their surroundings.
Google Glass is currently changing the way stories are being told on the Veterans United Network through mobile reports. Early last month I had the pleasure of going live from Washington, DC, offering a close-up of the World War II Memorials. In the Hangout, were aging veterans who are unable to physically travel to see their memorials. With Glass, they experienced the sights and sounds directly from my point of view via Google Glass.
The Verdict
Glass is truly an amazing innovation, one that is sure to usher in a new era in computing, reporting and how we live, work and play. Hands-free reporting will also require journalists to rewrite their rule books as to how to responsibly capture photos and videos with this device.
Glass is the “Model T” of wearable computers. It doesn't even have windshield wipers yet. Once Glassware evolves, so too will its use for journalism. Until then, I'm enjoying the untethered feeling I get with Glass. Newsies: How might you use your extra set of hands?
Header image credit: Ole Spata/AFP/Getty Images, Other images via Sarah Hill and Google
Read next: First-mover disadvantage: The challenges of hitting the market before it's ready
At least two Republican senators have signaled that they may reconsider their opposition to ­expanded national background checks for gun purchases, aides said Monday, suggesting that the push for stricter gun laws could return as a top issue in Washington in the coming weeks.
The gun debate appeared to be largely abandoned on Capitol Hill following a resounding defeat in the Senate last month. But a handful of lawmakers are showing a new eagerness to engage on the issue after gun-control groups launched campaigns against senators in both parties who voted against the background check proposal.
Capitol Hill aides Monday declined to identify the two Republicans who have approached Democrats about restarting the debate. But Sens. Johnny Isakson (R-Ga.) and Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) signaled through their spokesmen that they would be open to debating the background-check proposal again if Democrats make significant changes.
Meanwhile, aides to Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.), who voted against the background check plan, disputed a new barrage of TV ads critical of her vote and said she remains opposed to the current bipartisan background check proposal.
Senate aides and activists pushing for stricter gun laws say there are probably two windows of opportunity for the Senate to return to gun legislation: this month after consideration of an Internet taxation bill, or this summer after wavering senators have had enough time to reconsider their position.
But key to the issue's success would be a new groundswell of support for stricter gun laws among the general public, according to legislative aides and activists. Supportive lawmakers are waiting to see whether a new public campaign by gun-control groups and the White House will put enough pressure on senators who voted no to reconsider.
Advocates are trying to “make the pain of the vote so biting and so lasting that it is not politically sustainable,” said Mark Glaze, director of Mayors Against Illegal Guns, the group financed by New York Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg (I).
“The terrain has shifted under senators' feet and I don't think they've realized it yet,” Glaze said.
At the White House, Vice President Biden met Monday afternoon with religious leaders in part of a series of recent meetings designed to keep public pressure on lawmakers to expand background checks.
“We remain optimistic, the president does, that when it comes to background checks, that this will happen,” White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters Monday. “We can't say precisely when that legislation will pass, but we and the president remain convinced that it will because the American people have stated so clearly that it is a sensible thing to do.”
Conversations among senators picked up during last week's congressional recess, with Sen. Joe Manchin III (D-W.Va.), the chief architect of the bipartisan deal, once again taking the lead, according to aides. Manchin and Sen. Patrick J. Toomey (R-Pa.) brokered the deal that would have expanded the background-check system to include most commercial firearms sales while exempting private exchanges between family members and friends.
Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.) said in an interview with the Las Vegas Review-Journal that Manchin had called him recently to say he believed there were now more votes in support of the plan.
Bloomberg's group began airing a new television advertisement in New Hampshire on Monday attacking Ayotte's vote against the background-check proposal. A group founded by former congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords (D-Ariz.), who was wounded in an assassination attempt in 2011, began airing similar ads against Ayotte last week.
Ayotte spokesman Jeff Grappone called the new ads “completely false” and said that the senator voted for an alternative GOP plan to fix the background check system and strengthen mental health programs. As for Reid's comments, Grappone said the Senate leader “doesn't speak for Senator Ayotte.”
Lauren Culbertson, a spokeswoman for Isakson, said the senator from Georgia is open to further conversations about expanding background checks, but only if the current proposal is “significantly reworked.” In an e-mail, Culbertson said that Isakson “has major concerns with its potential impact on private sales and on privacy issues.”
Flake acknowledged on Facebook last week that his approval ratings have dropped because of his vote on the background-check proposal. His spokeswoman, Genevieve Rozansky, said in an e-mail Monday that the senator “has said all along that background checks need to be strengthened, particularly with regard to the mentally ill. So he is hopeful that changes will be made to Manchin-Toomey, or another proposal, that address his concerns regarding private sales, and that a bill will be brought back to the floor.”
Discuss this topic and other political issues in the politics discussion forums.
Most people believe normal, healthy sleep should be long and uninterrupted from start to finish.
Well, guess what? They're wrong.
This erroneous public perception of sleep was apparent in survey studies we conducted, in which the large majority of people draw a long valley of deep sleep across the normal seven-to-eight hour sleep period to represent their concept of healthy sleep.
The mistake is reinforced by electronic and print journalists quoting sleep “experts” whose prescriptions emphasize we should get seven or eight hours of “solid” sleep each night.
Such advice can serve a useful public health aim if it encourages those people who voluntarily short-change their sleep on a regular basis to sleep a bit more.
Too little sleep
There's some evidence to suggest that those who typically get less than six hours sleep a night have some increased risk of cardiovascular disease, obesity, and diabetes.
Research also shows decreased alertness, more lapses in attention and higher risk of accidents for those people who regularly get insufficient sleep.
Without doubt, getting more sleep will make these sleep “starved” individuals feel better, with less sleepiness, fatigue and irritability.
But here's the difficulty with the “unbroken block” prescription for healthy sleep: it's utter bunkum.
Scream if you want to go deeper
Think of sleep as a roller coaster rattling through the night.
On falling asleep, we gradually head down a curve, into a deep sleep – this takes about an hour. But after about 70-80 minutes we spontaneously come out of deep sleep (over a period of 10-15 minutes) into lighter sleep.
This period of light sleep is called REM (Rapid Eye Movements) sleep and is associated with dreaming.
That first REM episode completes the first 90-minute sleep cycle and is usually only a few minutes long,
Then we head slowly back down the curve into deeper sleep, coming up again 90 minutes later into the second REM period, this time for a bit longer, roughly 15-25 minutes.
The rest of the night will see the completion of another two to three 90-minute sleep cycles before we wake up after about six or seven hours.
This process of sleep is illustrated in the figure below.
Image courtesy of Leon Lack
At the four or five points of light sleep across a normal sleep period, it's typical to wake up.
If this awakening is brief (one-to-two minutes), which is common even in children and adolescents, it's usually not remembered. It only consists of turning over in bed and adjusting yourself.
The impression from our youth is that sleep is solid or unbroken across the night.
But that's only reflecting our conscious memory – it's not true of the actual rollercoaster of biological changes across the night.
Only when the period of wakefulness is a little longer (more than five minutes) are we likely to remember it, especially when it involves getting out of bed to go to the loo or get something to drink.
In the large majority of cases, where sleep is resumed within a few minutes after awakening, it will have no detrimental impact on the next day.
In other words, awakenings across the night should be considered a normal part of healthy sleep.
Older sleepers
The rollercoaster pattern of normal sleep is true for humans of all ages and virtually all other mammalian species.
As we age, the pattern of 90-minute sleep cycles continues, although sleep is generally shorter and lighter. It comprises less deep sleep and more light sleep with more frequent, longer awakenings.
This is a normal change with ageing and does not result in any daytime impairments. In fact, recent surveys have shown generally less sleepiness, fatigue, and irritability in people over 60 years of age despite more night-time awakenings.
There's a downside, though. These perfectly normal changes of sleep as we age can be interpreted as abnormal if one believes normal sleep should be solid or unbroken.
Awakenings may then be a source of worry or frustration that block the resumption of sleep; the cumulative effect of these longer and worrisome awakenings can lead to the development of insomnia.
Therefore, the simplistic but incorrect belief that normal sleep should be “solid” can make people vulnerable to insomnia.
Having a more accurate understanding of the normal sleep process can, in this case, protect against and possibly diminish the prevalence of insomnia in our community.
My advice? Sleep tight tonight, people – but not too tight …
Cyberpunks will rejoice after they hear that body hacking is becoming more and more popular every day. In fact, one of the most prevalent implementations of the subject is NFC chips implanted in someone's hand that holds data and funds under the skin. Biohacking has been around for 10-12 years but within the past two years, many people are making headlines for carrying wallets in their bodies rather than their back pockets.
Recently a news report spoke with a man named Meow-Ludo, who is the founder of Biofoundry, a lab based in Sydney, Australia. Meow-Ludo has an NFC chip implanted in his thumb that holds 868-bytes of data. Someday Meow hopes to integrate certain payment protocols under his skin such as Mastercard's PayPass but will need a bigger chip for the service. Meow believes in the biohacking experience and thinks it will fundamentally change the future in the coming years. Another interesting aspect of Meow's Biofoundry lab is the team's creation of its prototype the “Pussy Protector” – a LAMP device that easily home-tests for common STIs and UTIs.
Martijn Wismeijer's Bitcoin Chip Implants
Then there are those who are embedding decentralized cryptocurrency wallets under their skin. One man made headlines in 2014 for having two Bitcoin wallets with one implanted in each hand. A Dutch entrepreneur named Martijn Wismeijer, has an NFC-chip in one hand for hot wallet purposes and keeps cold storage in his other hand. Each chip holds 880 bytes of data and both are NFC Type 2 compliant NTAG216 RFID chipsets. The chips are quite small and are roughly 2 millimeters by 12 millimeters and were injected under his skin.
Since 2014 the popularity of wallet-chips and Bitcoins under people's skin have become increasingly popular among hackers and cyberpunks. Recently back in February, a video surfaced from the Czech-based Paralelní Polis showing a man using this bio-technology at the three-story crypto-anarchist loft in Prague. Then in May a news reporter from the publication BuzzFeed, Charlie Warzel wrote a large editorial called “Satan's Credit Card: What The Mark Of The Beast Taught Me About The Future Of Money” and got an implant for the special report. Warzel explains his chip experience with the decentralized cryptocurrency Bitcoin:
“It was the beginning of week four and bitcoin had driven me deeper into my hermetic state — most of my purchases were being made online and my relation to the real world was almost exclusively conducted through a screen of some sort.”
Bitcoin Wallet Implant
The enthusiasm of artificial intelligence and the mixture of biology has gained strong interest across the globe. Even Forbes explains the popularity of Biohacking growth in an article called “Move Over Hackers, Biohackers Are Here.” With author Jennifer Hicks stating, “Biohackers clearly sit on the fringe of the tech, academia, and VC communities. There's no home for them in this world of labels and boxes, so they just make their own homes around the globe.” To some people, the phenomenon is just too weird and believe the combination of biology and technology are becoming blurred between the lines. It's not uncommon to see people walking the streets with Blue Tooth ear pieces, Google Glasses, and smartphones at their wastes. Biohackers want to take it to the next level with implants and devices that work within the body. Voluntarily of course. 😉
Below readers at Live Bitcoin News can watch these three videos showing the fascinating concept of Bitcoin wallet and cold storage implants. Cheers!
Source: PYMNTS.com, Forbes, Buzzfeed, Paralelní Polis, and Biofoundry Lab
Story highlights Amnesty International says the torture of detainees and unfair trials plague Iraq
The group says detainees are tortured into confessing and sometimes sentenced to death
Reported methods of torture include shocks to the genitals, beatings and partial suffocation
Sectarian strife between Sunni and Shiite Muslims also plagues the country
Ten years after the fall of Saddam Hussein, Iraq remains "enmeshed in a grim cycle of human rights abuses," Amnesty International said in a report Monday.
"Many Iraqis today enjoy greater freedoms than they did under his Ba'athist regime, but the fundamental human rights gains that should have been achieved during the past decade have signally failed to materialize," said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui, Middle East and North Africa deputy director at Amnesty International.
Attacks on civilians, the torture of detainees and unfair trials permeate the country, Amnesty International said
The report said government forces commit torture with impunity, especially against those arrested on suspicion of carrying out terrorism acts.
There was no immediate reaction from the Iraqi government.
Methods of torture
Methods of torture reported by detainees include electric shocks; including to the genitals; partial suffocation with a bag placed tightly over the head; beatings while suspended in contorted positions; and the deprivation of food, water and sleep, Amnesty said.
"Detainees have alleged that they were tortured to force them to 'confess' to serious crimes or to incriminate others while held in these conditions," the group said. "Many have repudiated their confessions at trial only to see the courts admit them as evidence of their guilt, without investigating their torture allegations, sentencing them to long term imprisonment or death."
JUST WATCHED 10 years later: Iraq's phantom WMD Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 10 years later: Iraq's phantom WMD 03:17
JUST WATCHED Syrians refugees find stability in Iraq Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Syrians refugees find stability in Iraq 03:18
JUST WATCHED Iraqi soldiers fire on protesters Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Iraqi soldiers fire on protesters 01:59
JUST WATCHED A look back at Iraq anti-war protests Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH A look back at Iraq anti-war protests 02:47
129 hangings
Such death sentences contribute to one of the highest execution rates in the world, Amnesty said. Last year, 129 Iraqi prisoners were hanged.
"Death sentences and executions are being used on a horrendous scale," Sahraoui said. "It is particularly abhorrent that many prisoners have been sentenced to death after unfair trials and on the basis of confessions they say they were forced to make under torture."
Amnesty International opposes the death penalty worldwide.
Sectarian strife
Sectarian strife also continues to plague the country, where Shiite Muslims dominate the central government.
Thousands of demonstrators in Sunni-dominated areas have protested the arbitrary detention and abuse of detainees, Amnesty said. The protesters also denounced what they say is government discrimination against the Sunni population.
Sunni armed groups, meanwhile, continue to attack not only government targets but also Shiite civilians, including religious pilgrims, the group said.
Last month, Iraq's top judicial committee accused Sunni Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi's security detail of carrying out 150 attacks against security forces and civilians between 2005 and 2011.
Al-Hashimi denied those allegations, saying they are politically motivated.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the U.S.-led invasion in Iraq. The country has struggled to define itself , even after U.S. troops withdrew from Iraq at the end of 2011.
Violence has dropped dramatically But insurgent attacks against civilians and security forces persist.
Many areas are still smoldering with sectarian tension and political infighting.
Electronic Arts is suffering from a bad case of déjà vu: Almost six months after SimCity's PC debut was marred by server problems, Mac players are now finding themselves locked out of this week's launch.
A number of users reportedly have been unable to install the game after download, while others simply can't get it to launch on their machine, according to official EA Forum comment threads. In response, game maker Maxis today released a detailed installation guide for those encountering issues.
For those running into a mutexAlert, the fix is simple: Close SimCity, change your OS language back to English (or your language of choice), and restart your computer. Origin should automatically download the EA's update, though some users may need to restart their Mac once more before diving into the game.
Others, meanwhile, have complained about a faulty "Install" button, which provides no error message but merely does nothing when clicked. EA suggested re-installing Origin and opting into the new Beta version.
The new title requires Mac OS 10.7.5, so those running older operating systems are out of luck  for now. According to the company's FAQ, EA is working on an update to the minimum spec requirements; they are also investigating reports that the upcoming OSX 10.9 is incompatible, as well.
Electronic Arts released its Apple-friendly game on Thursday to much fanfare and high expectations, following months of improvements and additions.
In a blog announcement, senior producer Kip Katsarelis boasted seven major updates, including new region maps, SimCity Launch Park, new hotels, improved region wall chat, RCI building variations, the raise/lower road tool, and a free Houses of Worship set.
The digital-only Mac version of the game is on sale now for $40; $60 for the digital deluxe edition with foreign city sets and other features.
According to the SimCity Twitter account, the company is "aware some [of] our Mac Mayors are experiencing a few bumps in the road."
Similar problems threw the popular game maker off course early this year, when it resurrected the 10-year-old game. But a requirement that gamers be online to play resulted in massive server overload problems and peeved players. The company offered solace by providing customers with access to a free game for their trouble.
A major content update  patch 2.0  came out in late April, with the intent of fixing a number of issues, including traffic hitches and bizarre tourism features.
For more, see PCMag's review of SimCity and the slideshow above. If you're done with SimCity, meanwhile, check out 7 City-Building Games Like SimCity.
UPDATE: In a Saturday statement, the SimCity team said that "we are pleased to advise that the installation-related issues some players experienced with SimCity on Mac have been resolved."
For over a week now, in response to the draconian anti-labor proposals of the Republican Governor, the people of Wisconsin have rose up in the hundreds of thousands in militant and creative fashion in defense of public workers and the unions.
The Capitol in Madison has been occupied. The surrounding area has seen a sea of demonstrators. Teachers across the state have gone on unofficial strike and high school students have walked-out in support. Rallies of hundreds and thousands have occurred all over the state. This week support rallies will happen all over the country.
On Wisconsin!
For Mass Actions, Occupations & a General Strike!
Spread the Struggle! Power to the People!
This movement - directly inspired, it must be said, by the heroic people of Egypt and the Middle East - with its contagious energy, determination, humor, and optimism has taken everyone by surprise. The politicians, bosses, unions, and media were all unprepared for the wave that has crashed ashore. But this upsurge is at a crossroads and must push forward defiantly or risk being co-opted or crushed leaving us with yet another heroic defeat or false “victory” to lament for years to come.
Instead of defeat, we can move forward. We support the popular call promoted by the Industrial Workers of the World (I.W.W.) revolutionary union and others for a state-wide General Strike. This should include public and private sectors, union and non-unionized sectors, students and unemployed. As other communities and sectors of the working-class step forward to join the struggle they must be free to raise their own specific concerns and demands. The movement must be open to “speakers from the floor”. We must resist any pressure to reduce the movement to a small number of lowest common-denominator demands that favor relatively privileged layers and that the system finds acceptable. This movement must not be satisfied with a return to the status quo but formulate demands of our own for what the people actually need.
Build General Strike Committees in the unions and workplaces, in the schools, on the Reservations, in the prisons, and in every local urban and rural community!
The Governor has the votes he needs in the state Legislature to pass the measures that will strip collective bargaining rights from most public employees, ban strikes, and implement deep cuts to workers' pay, benefits and pensions. The Democrats move to leave the state and prevent quorum can be seen as a clever political ploy – or more realistically - as a means to give the ruling class (the corporate and political elite) time to reassess and regroup in the wake of this social explosion. In any case the Democratic Party is in no way an ally of working people and oppressed communities. The Democrats are participating in social cuts in states all across the county and at the Federal level. Next door in Minnesota, even the very liberal Governor there is proposing severe cuts to Health and Human services.
Similarly we cannot expect an effective way forward from the bureaucracy of the unions. Their entire strategy revolves around having “friends” in high places, only seriously mobilizing their membership to mark ballots every several years. They could not lead a militant movement if they wanted to - they have not led a serious struggle for generations. Yet all their political capital rests on their ability to channel workers dissatisfaction. Already they have begun trying to assert their control over the spontaneous movement at the Capitol, by taking down signs deemed inappropriate (for instance “Walk like an Egyptian”) and stepping up the “marshalling” of the crowds.
There is a real risk that the union bureaucracy and the Democrats will try and present a “compromise” of severe cuts minus the collective bargaining roll-back. “Don't take away our right to negotiate how deep we let you cut our pay and benefits” is pathetic but they are already starting to sound out this approach. We must be prepared to defy this and explain the danger to the bulk of the movement who so far see the Democrats and union tops only in a positive light.
If, in the likelihood that the efforts toward mass strikes become bottled up inside the union structures, we must push ahead with whatever means of mass direct action we can muster. Mass demonstrations; more unofficial strikes and high school walk-outs; occupations of campuses and State facilities, Republican and Democratic Party headquarters, corporate supporters of the Governor, etc. We must come out of this struggle with a network of working-class activists willing to organize/participate in mass direct action.
Finally since in many ways the wave that started this whole thing came from the Middle East, lets end there as well: The United States spends billions and billions of tax dollars on military occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan, huge military presence in Kuwait, Bahrain and in the surrounding seas, support for the apartheid Israeli state, and dictatorships and monarchies across the region. The National Guard that the Governor has threatened to deploy against the workers of Wisconsin has spent many months guarding the Empire over there. All this to control the people and resources of the Middle East for the same global capitalist system that is attacking us here in Wisconsin and killing our planet.
We cannot have an honest discussion about budgets, deficits, or resources without addressing the costs of Empire – both financially and morally. Our movement must defend the self-determination of the working people across the Middle East and help them dissolve the Empire of Capital that benefits no one but the rich elite.
Solidarity!
First of May Anarchist Alliance
m1aa@riseup.net
Cissi Wallin was sitting in a TriBeCa diner this October when she first saw the story on Harvey Weinstein's alleged sexual assaults and harassment of women. An actor and writer based in Stockholm, the 32-year-old Ms. Wallin had come to Manhattan on vacation with her husband and toddler son, and as she kept on reading, she silently asked herself:
“What if people would believe me now?”
Ms. Wallin had filed a police report in 2011, a few years after she was sexually assaulted, only to see it dismissed within weeks. Now she decided to do something different: She put the name of a well-known columnist for Sweden's largest left-wing tabloid newspaper on her Instagram page, alongside a statement saying he had drugged and violently raped her in Stockholm more than a decade ago.
Soon more people came forward about the man. I was a co-author of an investigation into his behavior.
And suddenly, just as in the United States, stories of other national figures in the arts and media began pouring forth. About men who had used their professional power and influence to harass or abuse younger, often subordinate women, often at work. About situations in which “everyone knew,” but men viewed as indispensable had been protected by management for years (sometimes the perpetrators were management). In contrast to the situation in the United States, however, the wave quickly grew beyond accusations against the famous and powerful: Tens of thousands of Swedish women have signed a series of appeals in the national press detailing incidents of brutal sexual assault and harassment in almost every professional field, from law, medicine and academia to politics and defense. Committed by Swedish men.
So yes, it happens in Sweden, #too.
This reckoning in a country that sees itself as best in class on gender equality has been particularly painful. With a feminist government, a feminist foreign policy, a national agency tasked with upholding all things equality and a prime minister who calls himself a feminist, shouldn't we be better than this? Shouldn't these impossibly perfect-looking, tall men who go on government-paid paternal leave be a little, well, more evolved by now?
Transcript for Miami Police Officer Arrested for Speeding
Yeah. -- and commands -- And at HP trooper pulls over -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- him to her cruiser. -- All of this that Miami -- as they're sounds just as shocked as she -- man. I cannot believe it is. Unbelievably just minutes before with its police -- seen here. The trooper like she's. -- -- She chases him lights flashing. -- scream. As she describes him weak and -- speeding up and slowing down at speeds. Of twenty. Miles -- network until -- finally come to a tense four minutes seven seconds later. The Miami office -- quickly complies apologizes. Okay you. I'm 35 -- Miami officer Fausto Lopez says he was heading to an off duty job at a coconut grove school -- private. Some hot -- And he says he was late. And I had to get there by 7 o'clock and anything goes into making. He -- -- is concerned now appeared to be the Hancock's. -- Yeah. Reports show for allegedly race CNET site rated speeds in excess of -- 120 miles per hour will be extremely reckless. Officer Lopez with sided with the misdemeanor moving violations. Here. It is shocking -- all of this may hear what the troopers say. Here may be even more -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
6 SHARES Share Tweet
Noah Berlatsky, contributor to Atlantic Magazine and the Platonic Ideal of cartoonishly worthless liberalism, is a man who thinks a television show about a woman's prison has too many women. That's really all you need to know.
Actually, wait a minute, one more thing: To get to his new dissertation on feminism, hosted on that bastion of feminist theory that is Playboy, I had to first decline faceless photos of “a 45 year-old with an amazing booty.” Okay, now that's all you need to know.
I can't fucking stand Noah Berlatsky. His college freshman writing style is clunky even for the Atlantic, and his articles on race and gender hit a note between aggressively dull and insultingly shallow; I don't think I could write a better parody of rudderless dude feminism than his pathetic analysis of the role ass-shaking plays in women's liberation. But even I couldn't have guessed the depths to which he would descend in his latest temper tantrum about mean ol' Meghan Murphy.
If you haven't read the Feminist Current article that has deeply offended Noah Berlatsky, champion of nude women around the globe, I'd highly recommend it. To quote Meghan Murphy:
“Is it really a sign that we ‘love everything about ourselves' (which, for the record, I hardly expect anyone to do. Women, especially, are taught to hate their bodies and work to alter them to suit the expectations of a misogynist society. Trans people have received the message that, if they don't properly fit into the limiting and oppressive gender binary, there is something wrong with them that can only be resolved by embracing the opposite end of the gender spectrum) if we alter our bodies through surgery and hormones? It seems clear that ‘radical self-acceptance' is not at all what Cox is experiencing or conveying to her audience.”
I really don't understand how anyone could disagree with the assertion that “radical self acceptance” does not find its fullest expression in spending one's life savings on genital mutilation and plastic surgery in order to better adhere to the standards of beauty men created ten thousand years ago and imposed on women through violence, coercion, and psychological abuse. And after reading a good hundred or so tweets sent to Meghan Murphy in response — many using misogynistic language and degrading references to female genitals — as well as Berlatsky's article, I still don't understand. Noah Berlatsky gives no actual explanation for why what Murphy says isn't the case. He just says she's “cruel” for thinking it.
See, the problem with writing any kind of rebuttal to Berlatsky's article is that it displays a shocking lack of actual analysis beyond simply restating Meghan Murphy's completely reasonable claims and just kinda hoping that the misogyny of the readership will be enough to ensure their rejection. For example, Noah just throws this out:
“She scoffs at the idea that trans women who take hormones or have surgery are accepting themselves. Murphy suggests that trans women are ‘spending thousands and thousands of dollars sculpting their bodies in order to look like some cartoonish version of “woman,” as defined by the porn industry and pop culture.'”
As if that assertion is so ridiculous on its face as to not warrant an actual rebuttal. But it's not. It's actually a pretty obvious point, Noah. The fact that you don't see that says nothing about Meghan Murphy's “coldness” and everything about your inability to even consider the idea that womanhood and surgically enhanced breasts actually have nothing to do with each other.
Berlatsky goes on to describe Murphy as reacting with “disgust, prejudice and horror” at the sight of a black transwoman's body, which is the first of several deliberate and irresponsible misrepresentations. Murphy didn't react with “disgust and horror” at the sight of Laverne Cox's body. She reacted with disgust and horror towards a culture that would define someone's status as a woman by whether or not people like Berlatsky find them fuckable.
This is the central point that dudes like Berlatsky and his bro-feminist brothers don't get: Radical feminists aren't attacking women. Radical feminists aren't telling women what to do. Radical feminists aren't “body policing.” Patriarchy is doing that. It's been doing that for ten thousand years. Radical feminists are simply pointing out that patriarchy has been controlling, manipulating, modifying, and abusing female bodies since the dawn of civilization – and that fact makes a lot of people uncomfortable, so Berlatsky would rather we not talk about. In fact, he'd rather we demonize the women who notice their oppression instead of the institutions of male supremacy that actually enact that oppression.
Noah Berlatsky doesn't mind that women are fed shit; he just minds when women question the taste.
Now, you're probably asking yourself right now, “Hey Jonah, this is pretty bad. But there's no way this white man would use a Sojourner Truth quote to defend his interest in softcore pornography, right?” WRONG. Because just moments after deriding Meghan Murphy for being, essentially, a cold-hearted bitch, he puts out what I have officially labelled as the nadir of popular male feminism:
“Cox, for Murphy, is a cartoon: a plastic-surgery-constructed thing, unreal and, in its parody of beauty, ugly. The loathing and contempt are palpable. With black feminist activist Sojourner Truth, Cox, in her nakedness, asks, ‘Ain't I a woman?' And Murphy with cold glee, replies, ‘No.'”
Have you ever read Sojourner Truth's speech, Noah? It's called “Ain't I a woman.” It is not called “Aint I Fuckable,” although the terms are apparently synonymous to you. The idea that Truth's demand for recognition, dignity, and respect is in any way equivalent to Laverne Cox being displayed for male approval — regardless of any rumored previous consumption of macaroni and cheese — is perhaps the most shameful thing I've ever heard a supposed “male feminist” say. I have no witty retort. Just disgust.
I feel the same disgust towards Noah's claim that Meghan Murphy espouses “the logic that led 19th century white feminists to push for votes for white women alone.” The actual “logic” that led to the disenfranchisement and marginalization of women of color is the “logic” that sees them as things to be used by those with power over them, incapable of full humanity — and it is this “logic” that leads someone like Berlatsky to identify the power to give a white man an erection as the greatest possible freedom a black woman might have. Whether through pure ignorance or simple projection, Noah Berlatsky continues to identify radical feminists as the perpetrators of injustice that he himself celebrates.
Not one for avoiding grand declarations, Berlatsky (who at this point I assume just has some sort of contractual obligation to shove a Julia Serano quote into every single thing he writes) decides that now would be a good time to tell women they're oversimplifying this whole “ten thousand years of male domination” thing:
“Trans feminist and author Julia Serano explained that trans-exclusionary radical feminists ‘subscribe to a single-issue view of sexism, where men are the oppressors and women are the oppressed, end of story…'”
Yes, Noah, they do. That's what feminism means. It's the recognition that men as a class dominate women as a class through social, political, economic, and sexual power. It is not just a self-help program for men who are sad about not being able to play around inside the cage they created for females. If you have a problem with the notion that men are oppressors and women oppressed, you don't have a problem with “radical feminism.” You have a problem with feminism, period.
Fresh from an attempt to redefine feminism itself, Berlatsky continues his forward march through the Approved List of Liberal Dude Tropes – journeying from a ridiculous claim that transgenderism “threatens” the gender binary, past an obligatory reference to “agency,” all the way the supremely creepy final paragraph where he describes his attraction to Cox as though his finding a sexualized female body erotic is the ultimate act of resistance to patriarchy:
“She has very large hands, which are not hidden, boldly displayed. In the photo, Cox lies on a blanket; her body taut rather than relaxed, her head in one big, strong hand, eyes closed, a slight smile on her face — like she's a little embarrassed and amused at being embarrassed. She's voluptuous and awkward and sweet all at once. In her simultaneous enjoyment of and discomfort before the camera, she seems, in the frankly staged pose, startlingly natural — and beautiful.”
Clearly Noah Berlatsky thinks his comfort with Laverne Cox posing nude illustrates a depth of progressive thinking that Meghan Murphy simply can't match; in reality, it illustrates nothing but the obvious fact that a naked black woman splayed out for a white man fails to challenge even the most basic assumptions that misogynistic, racist males have about the place of women of color in society. This bizarre, self-congratulatory account of arousal is, in a way, a perfect example of Berlatsky's central error: He thinks his feelings are radical expressions of his enlightened mind, when they are in fact just banal consequences of the most boring misogyny.
Berlatsky sees himself as some sort of philosopher-poet, pontificating on the intricacies of sexuality and race, when in fact his analysis rises no further than that of a teenage boy caught by his parents watching Cinemax. It's all just a flustered attempt to justify the fact that he finds objectified female bodies arousing. His interest in feminism begins and ends there. And if you doubt that, remember this: We're talking about a man who dares to host his condescending lectures on a platform that offers faceless female asses to men in exchange for likes on Facebook, a man who thinks Meghan Murphy, not Hugh Hefner, is the appropriate target for scorn and derision in the name of feminism.
Strip away all the theory, all the self-congratulatory Sensitive Dude style, and you find the central problem Berlatsky has with Meghan Murphy: He thinks his penis is a better patriarchy-smashing tool than feminist analysis will ever be.
Jonah Mix is a member of Deep Green Resistance and an anti-pornography activist. He runs the blog Gender Detective at Jonahmix.com and tweets at @jonahpmix.
6 SHARES Share Tweet
Guest Writer One of Feminist Current's amazing guest writers.
Brian van der Brug/Getty Images, Joe Raedle/Getty Images, Education Images/Getty Images, and Mapbox
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
For the better part of a year, Mark Rosekind has sounded the alarm on the rising carnage on America's roads. In speeches delivered before audiences of automotive executives, transportation officials, and safety advocates, the administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) has warned of a spike in traffic fatalities and repeatedly equated the weekly toll on U.S. roads to the crash of a Boeing 747 on a weekly basis.
Sadly, that comparison is now outdated.
The latest traffic-fatality figures released this week show that 35,092 people were killed on public roads in 2015, an average of 672 every week, which is beyond the capacity of the jumbo jet in its highest passenger configuration.
That Rosekind must now revise one of his most grim talking points is indicative of the surge in traffic deaths occurring across the country. The latest annual statistics represent a 7.2 percent increase from the 32,744 recorded in 2014, the fastest one-year rise in half a century. Not since an 8.1 percent increase from 1965 to 1966 has there been such a spike.
“ “If we don't accept that 35,000 people dying is a given, maybe we can change behavior a little bit and make things safer next year.”
— David Cole, Mapbox
”
There have been warning signs. Deaths for pedestrians and bicyclists have been on the upswing of late, while the numbers for vehicle occupants has ticked downward thanks to the introduction of new technologies like airbags, electronic stability control, and, more recently, automated emergency braking. But now, the rising figures include almost all types of road users.
According to the latest data, the number of fatalities among SUV occupants jumped 10.1 percent from 2014. The number of fatalities in van occupants increased 9.3 percent. For passenger-car occupants, it was a 5.7 percent increase, and for pickup-truck occupants, a 4.7 percent increase. Meanwhile, things got even worse for what are termed “vulnerable road users.” Pedestrian fatalities jumped 9.5 percent, to 5376, and bicyclist fatalities spiked more than 12 percent, to 818; both cases represent levels not seen in two decades. Motorcyclist fatalities increased by 8.3 percent to 4976, the highest number in four years.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
On Monday, the across-the-board spikes prompted an unprecedented call to action from the White House, and the Department of Transportation released its annual figures three months earlier than usual in the hope of drawing more attention to the sharp reversal of what had been long-term trends over decades toward safer roads.
“We are in a bad place,” Rosekind (shown below) said last month in San Francisco. “This is a bad situation, and we should be desperate for new tools that will help us save lives.”
Brian van der Brug/Getty Images, Joe Raedle/Getty Images, Education Images/Getty Images, and Mapbox
Role of Smartphones Still Unclear
A bustling economy and cheap fuel prices explain part of the increase. With the unemployment rate remaining under 5 percent in July, according to the latest Department of Labor statistics, more people are commuting to jobs and earning money that is spent on, among other things, road trips. Gas prices are averaging $2.22 per gallon across the country, according to AAA's daily Fuel Gauge Report, about 16 percent lower than 2015 levels.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“With gas prices just above $2 per gallon versus almost $4 two years ago, now you have the freedom to do whatever you want as long as you have the time,” said Penn State University associate professor of rural sociology and demography Guangqing Chi, who foresaw the rise in traffic deaths. In research published last year, he raised the prospect of a worst-case scenario, a 27 percent increase in deaths, if gas prices continues to plummet.
But as an explanation, good jobs and cheap fuel only go so far. The Federal Highway Administration said the overall number of vehicle miles traveled (VMT) increased to 3.15 trillion in 2015, a 3.5 percent uptick from the previous year; that's about half the death-rate increase. How to explain the remainder? Cellphone use behind the wheel would seem to be one obvious answer—spend five minutes watching the actions of drivers along any street in America, and you'll see a number of drivers with their attention focused on their smartphones.
“ “Our complacency is killing us.”
— Deborah A.P. Hersman, National Safety Council
”
In 2011, NHTSA found that at any given moment, approximately 660,000 drivers are using their smartphones while driving. The number of smartphones owned by Americans has almost doubled since then, according to the Pew Research Center. But how the proliferation of smartphones ties into traffic fatalities remains unknown. Law enforcement often lacks the technical resources and expertise needed to investigate smartphone use in crashes, and state-by-state differences in how crash information is collected can complicate attempts at the federal level to pinpoint the role of smartphones in the death spike.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“Weaknesses in crash data make it especially difficult to tie smartphone use, or any other form of driver distraction, to a given crash,” said Jake Nelson, AAA's director of traffic safety advocacy and research. “Unless a driver admits to such behavior or there are witnesses to justify a warrant to obtain phone records, for example, crashes that involve driver distraction are hard to document.”
Brian van der Brug/Getty Images, Joe Raedle/Getty Images, Education Images/Getty Images, and Mapbox
Using Big Data to Visualize the Problem
If technology is part of the problem, it may also be part of the solution. New safety features are arriving in the marketplace. Twenty automakers have pledged to offer automated emergency braking as standard equipment in all new cars starting in 2022, and the leaders of the self-driving-car movement believe that autonomous technology will help eliminate the 94 percent of accidents that are currently caused by human mistakes or behavior. Rosekind himself said in June that he expected self-driving cars to cut the death rate in half.
Beyond those advances, the government is hoping to use technology to better understand patterns and trends in the fatality data. As part of its efforts to thwart the increase, the Department of Transportation has reached out to at least four providers of mapping and mobility analytics—StreetLight Data, Mapbox, CARTO, and Waze—that may develop models that identify everything from how improving economic conditions change travel modes to how climate change might increase the risk of fatal crashes in particular communities.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Mapbox, a global provider of mapping platforms for developers, has past experience working in the fleet analytics and other aspects of the transportation realm, and the company's engineers and cartographers are helping others visualize the geography of traffic deaths. They've created a map on which users can enter their commutes, see the fatal crashes that occurred along their routes between 2011 and 2015, and toggle to additional information on alcohol involvement, speeding, and types of road users.
Brian van der Brug/Getty Images, Joe Raedle/Getty Images, Education Images/Getty Images, and Mapbox
“It's been about how we could tell this story in a real local and personal way,” said David Cole, a software engineer at Mapbox. “It's designed to show people where the fatalities are in their neighborhoods and whether things are getting better or worse. We wanted to make it a personal story instead of an impersonal spreadsheet. This is a real, visceral data set when you open it and see where people are getting killed on your daily route. If we don't accept that 35,000 people dying is a given, maybe we can change behavior a little bit and make things safer next year.”
Small changes in behavior could make a big difference. As much as advanced technologies offer promising solutions, so do simple ones. Take for instance, the seatbelt. Although only 11.5 percent of motorists report not using seatbelts in 2015, according to NHTSA, almost half of all vehicle occupants killed in crashes—48 percent—were unbelted. Alcohol-impaired driving was involved in 29 percent of all fatalities, according to NHTSA statistics—a 3.2 percent year-over-year increase that was more in line with the overall increase in VMT than the death-rate spike.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getting Worse before Getting Better
For now, the death toll is continuing to mount. Although the data isn't final yet, the National Safety Council projects that motor-vehicle deaths will have been 9 percent higher through the first six months of 2016 beyond the increases just announced by the federal government. Since January, the NSC says 19,100 people have been killed on U.S. roads.
Since the start of the upward trend, which occurred late in 2014, some states have been hit particularly hard. Deaths are up 43 percent in Florida, according to the NSC data, and big increases in Georgia (34 percent), Indiana (33 percent), and California (31 percent) also have been logged.
The organization, which launched a campaign to teach drivers the basics about new safety features now found in vehicles, projects that 438 people will be killed on U.S. roads over the upcoming Labor Day weekend. If correct, that would make it the deadliest stretch over the holiday in eight years.
While the NSC outlines the same factors as others—distracted driving, drowsy driving, excessive speeds—there's one that Deborah A.P. Hersman, the group's president and CEO and former chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board, lists as another factor: a collective shrug of the shoulders from the general public. “One hundred deaths every day should outrage us,” she said. “Our complacency is killing us.”
Written by Brian Gresko for Written by Brian Gresko for Babble.com
A French kiss good morning, no less. Which, knowing my wife's breath at 7:30 a.m., proves how crazy in love the little guy is.
OK, so tongue is rarely involved. These are more lingering, smushy, kind of slimy kisses. But they happen often, because the kid loves - and I mean, loves — his mom. On most mornings, after sprinting from his bed to ours, a journey that —this being cramped New York City living — takes about five steps, Felix wakes my wife and I with a burning question: “Are you going to work today, Mommy?”
When he pronounces “work” he comes down hard on the “k,” which reminds me of how Woody Allen tends to over-emphasize the consonants at the end of words. And like a little Allen, my son is, at 3-and-a-half, a true neurotic. Every day of his short life he's fretted over whether or not Mommy is going to work — a ringing endorsement of the job I'm doing as Stay-At-Home Dad.
That old adage comes to mind: parenting is a thankless task. I never expected it to be downright negative though, an attack on my self-esteem not just as a parent, but as a human being. My very presence can cause upset. On recent mornings, he's cried when I come down to breakfast. “I don't like Daddy anymore!”
A Sunday or two ago, when I suggested we let Mommy sleep while we make her breakfast, he kicked me in the face. A couple of days later, he threw a used tissue at me while I snoozed. During the day, when it's just the two of us, he tells me that he wishes I would leave so it could just be him and Mommy.
Related: Why having multiple personalities makes me a better parent
Like with all kids, transitions are rough. We've gone through periods where he's thrown himself at the door after my wife heads off, when he's screamed and cried and kicked and bit me because he doesn't want her to go to work, or have me put him to bed, or spend even an hour of time under my care on the weekends. Like with all kids, transitions are rough. We've gone through periods where he's thrown himself at the door after my wife heads off, when he's screamed and cried and kicked and bit me because he doesn't want her to go to work, or have me put him to bed, or spend even an hour of time under my care on the weekends.
As far as I can tell, it's a guy thing. Or partly a guy thing. “My two Alpha Dogs,” my wife calls us, because we both want to occupy positions of dominance in the house, and in my wife's affections. If I hug her, he insinuates himself between us, literally pushing us apart. He tries to French her not just upon waking but out and about too — gross public displays of affection that have me pretending I'm not with them. He doesn't just want to be around her at all times, he wants to be physically connected — in her lap, at her feet, arm-in-arm. It's obvious what Freud would say.
My wife and I wonder if Felix's extreme separation anxiety stems from his complicated birth. He lodged on the way out, and labor — the intense, almost-there pushing part of labor — dragged on for about four hours before the midwives finally convinced my wife she needed a medical intervention. A doctor used a vacuum device to extract Felix, by which point he had swallowed fluid, and needed to be intubated. He spent the first six days of his life in Intensive Care, only seeing my wife every three hours when she shuffled in to feed him. (She refused to leave the hospital until he was discharged.) Could this have traumatized him from the start? Or, I wonder, was the fact that he stalled in the canal, something neither the midwives nor the doctor had any good explanation for, point to his not wanting to let go of my wife even back then? Maybe he just didn't want to be out on his own.
Whatever the case, his near-constant need for my wife takes a toll on all of us. When she comes home, he swoops upon her with questions and demands for playing. She has scarce time to relax, or sip a glass of wine, and there are days when I don't get much more than a nod of hello. At night, after putting him to bed — an activity that requires persistence, as he'll bolt from the covers and run to the top of the steps crying “I forgot to tell you ‘I love you'” — she collapses on the couch, craving space to be her own person, free from the demands of work and parenting for an hour or two before slipping into sleep. The last thing she wants, on most nights, is for me to start pawing at her, or engaging her in heated conversation about my worry du-jour.
This means that, though the Stay-At-Home Dad, I often feel marginal in the family, and emasculated. Not because I'm cooking, cleaning, and taking care of the tot, but because no one wants me around, and guys are, to some degree, like proud peacocks. We, or at least I, want to feel wanted. I guess everyone does, really.
In lieu of quality time with my wife, I blow off steam with friends and colleagues, discussing my work, or books, or music, or whatever it is that's on my mind. I meet up with other parents — dads and moms alike — to kvetch about the madness of being home with a little one all day, the strange pent-up energy that festers from being over-focused on your child and under-stimulated intellectually, laughing hysterically one minute and crying with boredom the next.
Every parent, or at least the more experienced ones, share the same message. Hang in there. It gets easier. And I'm sure it does. It's funny, though. My wife was the one who wanted a kid, while I was never as sold on the idea. I never expected that having one would create a greater sense of distance between us; I assumed it would bring us closer. I envisioned myself a jovial, benevolent father, traveling with my two favorite people in the world, holding hands as a trio, secure in a warm little nest of affection. I never thought it would be a battle. At times it feels like this family just ain't big enough for the three of us.
Sens. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (R-Texas), Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Fla.) and Mike Lee Michael (Mike) Shumway LeePush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback The Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times MORE (R-Utah) are vowing to oppose any fast-track bill repealing only parts of ObamaCare, narrowing the path for the legislation to pass the Senate.
The House is set to vote on Friday on a bill under a fast-track process known as reconciliation that would repeal several parts of ObamaCare. The reconciliation process allows a measure to pass the Senate with 51 votes, instead of the usual 60, and get through to President Obama's desk, where it would face a veto.
ADVERTISEMENT
But the three senators — two of whom, Cruz and Rubio, are running for president — are vowing to oppose the House measure because it doesn't go far enough.
“On Friday the House of Representatives is set to vote on a reconciliation bill that repeals only parts of Obamacare,” the senators said in a joint statement. “This simply isn't good enough. Each of us campaigned on a promise to fully repeal Obamacare and a reconciliation bill is the best way to send such legislation to President Obama's desk.
“If this bill cannot be amended so that it fully repeals Obamacare pursuant to Senate rules, we cannot support this bill,” the senators continue. “With millions of Americans now getting health premium increase notices in the mail, we owe our constituents nothing less.”
Their opposition puts the bill's future in doubt. There are 54 Republican senators, so if Cruz, Rubio, and Lee vote no, Republicans could only afford to lose one more vote and still have a simple majority.
Centrist Republicans such as Sens. Mark Kirk Mark Steven KirkThe global reality behind 'local' problems Dems vow swift action on gun reform next year This week: Trump heads to Capitol Hill MORE (Ill.) and Susan Collins Susan Margaret CollinsHouse to push back at Trump on border Hillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (Maine) have indicated opposition to defunding Planned Parenthood, which is also part of the reconciliation bill.
Republican leaders have indicated that the reconciliation process cannot be used to repeal all of ObamaCare because of Senate rules. Those rules limit the procedure to spending and revenue matters.
House Republicans on Wednesday dropped repeal of the healthcare law's Medicare cost-cutting board from the bill because of concerns from the Senate parliamentarian, who makes the rulings on what can be included in the process.
The House bill would repeal ObamaCare's individual and employer mandates, as well as its taxes on medical devices and high-cost health plans; it defunds Planned Parenthood for one year.
The bill has not encountered much resistance on the House side.
“We'd like to have more,” Rep. John Fleming John Calvin FlemingFormer congressmen, RNC members appointed to Trump administration roles Overnight Energy: Watchdog opens investigation into Interior chief | Judge halts Pruitt truck pollution rule decision | Winners, losers in EPA, Interior spending bill amendments Five GOP lawmakers mulling bid to lead conservative caucus MORE (R-La.) said earlier Thursday. “So much of it is obviously because of this sort of unusual, kind of archaic rule for reconciliation. We want to get as much as we can get in, but look, if this thing actually got signed into law it would completely blow a hole in ObamaCare.”
Fleming is a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus and said he and most members of the caucus would vote for the reconciliation bill.
“There may be one or two of our members who don't [vote for it] for some very personal reason they have,” he said. “But I would say the vast majority of us will.”
For the former Maryland state highway, see Maryland Route 400
Lord Stirling leading an attack against the British in order to enable the retreat of other troops at the Battle of Long Island, 1776. Painting by Alonzo Chappel , 1858.
The Maryland 400 were members of the 1st Maryland Regiment who repeatedly charged a numerically superior British force during the Battle of Long Island during the Revolutionary War, sustaining heavy casualties, but allowing General Washington to successfully evacuate the bulk of his troops to Manhattan. This action is commemorated in Maryland's nickname, the "Old Line State." A monument in Brooklyn and multiple plaques were put up in the memory of this regiment and the fallen soldiers.
Mustering and engagement [ edit ]
The 115th Infantry claims lineage back to the earliest militia units formed to protect the frontier of western Maryland. The birthdate of the unit, 14 June 1775, is also the birthdate of the United States Army. The first two companies to leave Maryland were rifle companies, assembled in Frederick in the summer of 1775 under the command of Captains Cresap and Price; they were organized in response to the Continental Congress' call to active duty. They left Frederick in August and marched 551 miles (887 km) in 21 days to report to General Washington in September to support Washington's efforts to drive the British out of Boston. Later, Maryland militia companies, armed with older, surplus British muskets and bayonets, were formed and sent north to support Washington in New York City.
At the Battle of Long Island, the 1st Maryland Regiment was under the command of Colonel William Smallwood.[1] This unit anchored the right against British General Grant's diversionary attack.[2]
Stirling ordered all of his troops, except a contingent of Maryland troops under the command of Major Mordecai Gist, to cross the creek. This group of Maryland troops became known to history as the Maryland 400 although they numbered about 260-270 men. Stirling and Gist led the troops in a rear-guard action against the overwhelming numbers of British troops which surpassed 2,000 troops supported by two cannon.[3] Stirling and Gist led the Marylanders in two attacks against the British who were in fixed positions in and in front of the Vecthe-Cortelyou House.[4] After the last assault the remaining troops retreated across the Gowanus Creek. Some of the men who tried to cross the marsh were bogged down in the mud under musket fire and others who could not swim were captured. Stirling was surrounded and, unwilling to surrender to the British, broke through the British lines to von Heister's Hessians and surrendered to them. More than 100 men were captured and 256 killed, practically wiping the regiment out in the assaults in front of the Old Stone House.[1] Fewer than a dozen made it back to the American lines.[5] Washington, watching from a redoubt on nearby Cobble Hill (intersection of today's Court Street and Atlantic Avenue), was to have said, "Good God, what brave fellows I must this day lose!".[3]
Interment [ edit ]
British interment [ edit ]
The 256 dead troops of the Maryland 400 were buried by the British in a mass grave on a hillock on farmer Adrian Van Brunt's land on the outskirts of the marsh. This mass grave is believed to be around the southwest corner of what is today 3rd Ave. between 7th and 9th Streets.[6] [7] In 6 trenches,[8] the military burial ditches had a North/South orientation so that the bodies would be "facing east".[9]
Location [ edit ]
In the 1890s, the entire site was covered by 12 feet of fill. Construction was done over the site and it became a coal yard and after that a paint factory.[10] In 1956 Dr. Nicholas Ryan, a Brooklyn Heights physician, is quoted stating that in the 1890s his father, a building contractor, had found "the bones of some thirty bodies in regular, or military order," in the course of digging cellars for apartment buildings on the site at the northeast corner of Seventh Street and Third Avenue.[11]
However, in 1957, the U.S. National Park Service did a historical site survey and a report to congress identified a "plaque commemorating what was thought to be a mass grave on Third Avenue between Seventh and Eighth Streets." A limited archeological dig by Columbia University archaeology graduate students turned up no remains. A determination was made at the time to not preserve the site.[12]
In 1998, the Archaeological Research Center at Brooklyn College was called in by the Landmarks Preservation Commission to examine whether the Marylanders might be buried beneath the southwest corner of Seventh Street and Third Avenue. Nothing was found. Again in 2008, Third Avenue between Seventh and Eighth Street was visited by archaeologist Dr. Joan E. Geismar in conjunction with the NYC Landmarks Preservation Commission. No remains were found but she did find a buried commemorative slab.
The current location is now believed to be underneath an auto repair shop parking lot in Park Slope, Brooklyn. A group of historians is currently seeking to purchase the property to again mount a search of the site for the graves.
Regiment history [ edit ]
175th Infantry Regiment Coat of Arms
The Maryland 400 represented the cream of the Maryland Line, which had a reputation of being among the best of the Continental Army. Because of the long service of the high quality regiments, George Washington, according to tradition, referred to the Maryland units as his "Old Line," giving Maryland one of its nicknames as "The Old Line State."[13]
The U.S. 115th Infantry Regiment was a Maryland Army National Guard regiment that traced its roots back to the American Revolutionary War, including the men of the Maryland 400, although its official U.S. Army lineage begins in 1881. The units to which the 115th Regiment claims lineage served in the Revolutionary War and the Civil War, but the 115th itself was only credited with service in World War I, World War II, and the Global War on Terror. Prior to the reorganization into the 58th Brigade Combat Team, the 1–115th was part of the Third Brigade, 29th Infantry Division (Light). In 2006, the 115th was consolidated (merged) with the 175th Infantry Regiment. As a result of this consolidation, it no longer exists as a separate regiment.
The bayonet on the coat of arms of the 175th Infantry Regiment is representative of its introduction to American arms at the Battle of Long Island 1776, by the Maryland Line and in the use of which it became famed throughout the War. It is also symbolic of the Maryland 400.
Memorials [ edit ]
Monument in Prospect Park
Maryland 400 Monument [ edit ]
The Maryland Monument is located in Prospect Park, in Brooklyn, New York City, on the slopes of Lookout Hill. Originally envisioned by Stanford White, the same creator of the Prospect Park Panthers (1898) as well as the Horse Tamers (1899). The New York Times described the monument as a "monolith of Maryland granite with bronze tablets on the four sides".[14] The monument was built for $3,000, all of which donated by an organization by the name of "the Maryland Society of the Sons of the American Revolution."[15] The monument is 27 feet tall, faces southwest, and is enclosed by a wrought-iron fence. It contains a 12-foot polished granite Corinthian pillar with a marble orb on top and backed by a semicircular stone wall. There is a marble pedestal which was donated by the Brooklyn Parks Department.
On the east face of the monument's square base is an inscription honoring the participating Maryland 400 soldiers. The inscription reads: "In honor of the Maryland 400 who on this battlefield on August 27, 1776 saved the American army." The west face of the marble pedestal has another inscription which is a comment attributed to Washington as he watched the Marylanders hurl themselves at the enemy it reads: "Good God! What brave fellows I must this day lose."
On August 27, 1895 (the 119th anniversary), the Monument was dedicated. U.S. troops, patriotic societies, the 14th Regiment of the New York State National Guard, and members of the Grand Army of the Republic participated in the unveiling ceremony.[16]
The distinctive wrought-iron basket weave fencing surrounding the monument was added at a later date to protect the monument.
The monument has gone through a number of cycles of being vandalized, ignored and restored.[17] It was first restored in 1935–36 under the auspices of the Works Progress Administration. Additional work occurred in 1969. Due to decay and neglect, raising $35,000 in state and private money,[15] the monument was repaired by the Monuments Commission and rededicated on August 27, 1991.[18] Restoring it involved cleaning and fixing broken, stained and defaced pieces of marble and granite, replacing missing brass letters and refurbishing rusted parts of the iron fence. In 2008, the Citywide Monuments Conservation Program again restored the Maryland Monument, recreating missing bronze letters.[19] Then again in August 2009 work was done. The restoration project included replication of all missing inscription lettering in bronze or synthetic replacements, cleaning and consolidation of the stonework, refinishing of the bronze capital, resetting of the granite paving stones, and repairs and repainting of the ornamental fence.[20]
Additional plaques [ edit ]
In 1993 a bronze marker was placed outside the door of American Legion Post 1636, at 193 9th Street in Gowanus, Brooklyn, close to the place where the men fell. It states: "In Honored Memory of Maryland's 400. Forever Remembered."
Unknown as to year, a tablet to commemorate the Maryland 400 was placed by the Sons of the Revolution [21] in the sidewalk of 5th Avenue. The bronze tablet is four and one-half by five feet.[22] It has since been incorporated in the north gable of the reconstructed house.[23] It reads: "Here on the 27th of August, 1776, Two hundred and fifty out of four hundred brave Maryland soldiers, under the command of Lord STIRLING, were killed in combat with British troops under CORNWALLIS."[24]
There is a 1947 New York State Historical sign above the front door of the American Legion Post 1636 in Brooklyn: "Maryland Heroes, Here lie buried 256 Maryland Soldiers who fell in the Battle of Brooklyn, Aug. 27, 1776."[25][26]
In 1897 a plaque was placed close to the actual location of the graves, directly in front of the Wildhack Coal Yard. The plaque was covered over around 1915 when Third Avenue was widened.[27] It was not, however, removed until 2008 when the former Red Devil Paint Factory was torn down and the sidewalk in front of it torn up. It read: "Burial place of ye – Maryland Soldiers who – Fell in ye – Combat at ye – Cortelyou House in ye– Battle of Long Island on ye – 27th day of August, 1776."[26]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Notes
Bibliography
O'Donnell, Patrick K. (2016), Washington's Immortals: The Untold Story of an Elite Regiment Who Changed the Course of the Revolution, Atlantic Monthly Press, ISBN 0-802124593
The top U.S. military commander in Afghanistan told Congress Tuesday that his forces had made enough progress to justify starting a three-year withdrawal in July. But testimony from other officials made it clear that, even after 2014, U.S. troops will be in the country on an “enduring” basis.
“The momentum achieved by the Taliban in Afghanistan since 2005 has been arrested in much of the country and reversed in a number of important areas,” Army Gen. David H. Petraeus told the Senate Armed Services Committee.
“However, while the security progress achieved over the past year is significant, it is also fragile and reversible.”
Gen. Petraeus said that progress was “very important as I prepare to provide options and a recommendation to President Obama for commencement of the drawdown of the U.S. surge forces in July.”
The gains of the past year have “put us on the right azimuth to accomplish the objective agreed upon at last November's Lisbon summit, that of Afghan forces in the lead throughout the country by the end of 2014,” he said.
But testimony from Pentagon policy chief Michelle Flournoy made it clear that not all U.S. troops will leave the country, even after the transition of control to Afghan Security Forces is complete.
“Our nation has made that mistake before, and we are determined not to repeat it,” she said, referring to the 1990s, when the United States, having helped Afghan insurgents defeat the Soviet occupation, abandoned the country to the bloody chaos that birthed the Taliban.
After 2014, “Afghans must stand in the lead, but they will not stand alone,” Ms. Flournoy said, adding that Mr. Obama and Afghan President Hamid Karzai were working out the details of an “enduring strategic partnership beyond 2014.”
Ms. Flournoy did not provide numbers, saying only that “some U.S. forces” would remain to train and assist Afghan police and military and conduct joint counterterrorism operations with them.
She said Mr. Karzai next week would publish a list of the districts and provinces that would be handed over to Afghan control in the first stage of the transition later this year.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Science fiction and fantasy publishing is a tough game. Even the best novels get rejected by publishers who don't understand their brave new worlds. But some authors wind up rejecting their own books. Here are 10 great authors who disowned their own creations after they'd already seen the light of day.
Advertisement
Top image: The Spy Who Loved Me book art, via Illustrated007.
Some of these cases prove that authors are the best judges of their own work, while others prove that the author is the last one who should make the call. What would the world be like without Kafka, after all?
1) Ian Fleming, The Spy Who Loved Me
Fleming wrote this novel, in which James Bond is basically a secondary character, in an attempt to caution his readers against making Bond into too much of a hero. Fleming said he wanted to make Bond's misogyny apparent after being shocked to discover that his Bond novels were being taught in schools. This "experiment," Fleming wrote to his publisher after the book received overwhelmingly negative reviews, had "obviously gone very much awry," and Fleming attempted to keep the book out of print. After Fleming's death, however, the value of his backlist overwhelmed the author's wishes, and The Spy Who Loved Me came back into print.
Advertisement
2) Octavia Butler, Survivor
This 1978 novel is the only one of Butler's works to remain out of print. She disowned it and let it stay buried, because she felt it depended on the worst cliches of science fiction:
Advertisement
Survivor GMG may get a commission Buy now
GMG may get a commission Buy now
When I was young, a lot of people wrote about going to another world and finding either little green men or little brown men, and they were always less in some way. They were a little sly, or a little like "the natives" in a very bad, old movie. And I thought, "No way. Apart from all these human beings populating the galaxy, this is really offensive garbage." People ask me why I don't like Survivor, my third novel. And it's because it feels a little bit like that. Some humans go up to another world, and immediately begin mating with the aliens and having children with them. I think of it as my Star Trek novel.
Advertisement
While Butler never stopped using science fiction tropes as allegories, she stayed away from the stereotypes invoked in Survivor after that.
3) Kafka, almost everything
When, a few years before his death, Kafka asked his good friend Max Brod to destroy all his papers, besides the few short works with which Kafka was satisfied, Brod responded, "If you seriously think me capable of such a thing, let me tell you here and now that I shall not carry out your wishes." Nevertheless, when Kafka died he left Brod a letter asking him to destroy his fiction, diaries, and correspondence. Brod remained true to his word: he proceeded to publish everything he could get his hands on.
Advertisement
4) Jeanette Winterson, Boating for Beginners
Winterson is the author of The Stone Gods, plus some notable works of magical realism. But her weirdest book might be the one she's repudiated. Noah, the protagonist of Boating For Beginners is the owner of a small pleasure boating company. After he accidentally creates God, he realizes he's stumbled onto a winning formula. He starts writing sensational books like Genesis: How I Did It, before God gets jealous of the attention and sends a flood. Winterson is pretty blunt about why she wrote this book:
I needed money. I was 24, waiting for Oranges [Are Not The Only Fruit] to come out, didn't know what to expect or what I would do later, and I got an offer to do something funny. You have to remember that the status Oranges has now been not how it was then. On the strength of Oranges the publishers thought I could do some comedy for their humour list. So I knocked up B for B and of course just after it appeared Oranges won the Whitbread and then I just didn't make sense to people. Fortunately in those days, writers were left alone, so I didn't worry about not making sense, I mooched off and wrote a fitness book and the got down to The Passion.
Advertisement
She calls the claim that she tried to get Boating For Beginners out of print "absolute bloody bollocks," but it is hard to find these days.
5) Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange
"A novel I am prepared to repudiate" is how Burgess described A Clockwork Orange in his biography of another misunderstood novelist, D.H. Lawrence. Like many artists whose reputations become totally connected to one work, Burgess was frustrated that he was known only for A Clockwork Orange, which he claimed to have written in just three weeks. Some accounts claim that it was the film version and its popularity that made Burgess hate his own work so much. The "misunderstanding" represented by the film's seeming to "glorify sex and violence" will "pursue me until I die," he wrote.
Advertisement
A Clockwork Orange 1 bought by readers GMG may get a commission Buy now
Advertisement
6) Stanislaw Lem, The Astronauts
As a writer in Poland under Stalinism, Lem was required to work according to Socialist-realist principles. His first science fiction novel, The Astronauts, was a piece of propaganda for Soviet industrialization. Although this novel launched Lem as a science fiction author, he rejected it in his maturity and did his best to keep it out of print:
Everything is so smooth and balanced; among the heroes we have a positive Russian character and a sweet Chinese; naiveté is present on all pages of this book. The hope that in the year 2000 the world would be wonderful is indeed very childish.... As a very young man to a certain extent I must have resembled a sponge that sucked in postulates proposed by socialism. I was concentrated on making the world more and more positive. In a certain sense I fooled myself, since my feelings and hopes were genuine. Today I am a bit disgusted by this book.
Advertisement
7) Martin Amis, Invasion of the Space Invaders
"Anything a writer disowns is of interest" wrote the book reviewer Sam Leith after Martin Amis's biographer neglected to mention this 1982 video-game guidebook, for which Steven Spielberg wrote the introduction. This book is part travelogue through the seedy underbelly of arcade-game addiction — the arcades he visits are populated by "Zonked glueys, swearing skinheads with childish faces full of ageless evil, mohican punks sporting scalplocks in violet verticals and a nappy-pin through the nose" — and part gaming guide, "Do I take risks in order to gobble up the fruit symbol in the middle of the screen? I do not, and neither should you. Like the fat and harmless saucer in Missile Command (q.v.), the fruit symbol is there simply to tempt you into hubristic sorties. Bag it." Amis, the author of Time's Arrow and the terrific "Janitor on Mars," has, sadly, never even spoken about this early effort in which many of his later stylistic hallmarks, not the least a preoccupation with games and game-playing, are evident.
Advertisement
8) Stephen King, Rage
Stephen King has repudiated his 1977 novel Rage, published under his pseudonym Richard Bachman, about a high school student who shoots his algebra teacher and holds his class hostage. After the 1997 Heath High School shooting, in which a student killed three classmates and injured five, King has tried to keep this book out of print:
I can't say for sure that Michael Carneal, the boy from Kentucky who shot three of his classmates dead as they prayed before school, had read my novel, Rage, but news stories following the incident reported that a copy of it had been found in his locker. It seems likely to me that he did. Rage had been mentioned in at least one other school shooting, and in the wake of that one an FBI agent asked if he could interview me on the subject, with an eye to setting up a computer profile that would help identify potentially dangerous adolescents. The Carneal incident was enough for me. I asked my publisher to take the damned thing out of print. They concurred. Are there still copies of Rage available? Yes, of course, some in libraries where you ladies and gentlemen ply your trade. Because, like the guns and the explosives and the Ninja throwing-stars you can buy over the Internet, all that stuff is just lying around and waiting for someone to pick it up.
Advertisement
9) Alan Moore, everything for DC
Moore's rejection of his work for DC Comics, including Watchmen and V For Vendetta, doesn't have anything to do with the work itself, but rather with his contentious relationship with the publisher. DC, Moore argues, repeatedly acted in bad faith — for instance assuring him that the copyright on the stories would revert to him after the books went out of print, while planning to never let the books go out of print. That, in Moore's word, "swindle," as well as a comics rating system Moore saw as equivalent to censorship, led him to ask that his name be removed from all of his DC projects. DC has, of course, not complied with this request, and Moore's disowned publications still bear his name.
Advertisement
10) Virgil, The Aeneid
Although The Aeneid was almost finished at the time of Virgil's death in 19 BCE, he is said to have asked his friends and executors Varius and Tucca to destroy the manuscript. Immediately after Virgil's death, Augustus, for whom Virgil had read books 2, 4, and 6, overrode that deathbed request and The Aeneid was brought into circulation. It's possible that Virgil's rejection of the manuscript was just a final grand gesture, calculated to increase the value of this epic account of the Trojan roots of the Roman Empire.
Advertisement
Bonus: Kurt Vonnegut, "Happy Birthday Wanda June" and Slapstick
Vonnegut never disowned any of his own books — but he damned a couple of them. In Palm Sunday, Vonnegut assigned letter grades to his own works. While none of them received an F (and a couple of them earn a somewhat gratuitous A+) he did give two pretty low marks:
Happy Birthday, Wanda June: D
Slapstick: D
Booted out for being born a boy: Transgender beauty queen kicked out of Miss Universe
Get out: Transgendered Miss Universe Canada finalist Jenna Talackova has been disqualified
A beauty pageant has booted a contestant out the competition after discovering the buxom blonde was born a boy.
The Miss Universe Canada organizers threw out Jenna Talackova when they found out she had undergone surgery to become a woman.
The transgendered contestant had already successfully reached the finals in the Miss Vancouver pageant before she was banned from continuing in the competition.
Although the pageant organizers described Talackova as a ‘real girl' they disqualified her arguing that the rules state that each contestant must be a ‘naturally born female.'
According to Denis Davila, the national director of Miss Universe Canada, Talackova claimed on her registration form she was born a female.
But becoming suspicious Davila confronted the 23-year-old about her sex change and the contestant admitted she was actually born a male.
Despite her pleas to stay in the pageant her confession meant that she was pulled from the contest that same day.
'She feels like a real girl and she is a real girl. She didn't expect people to question it,' Davila told thestar.com.
'She was hoping we could put her back in the competition, but the rules are very clear and there's no way we can go back on it.'
The decision from the Miss Universe Canada pageant, which is owned by Donald Trump, has sparked outrage with people calling for Jenna to be reinstated into the contest.
Scroll down for video
Suspicious: The transgendered beauty queen was kicked out after pageant organizers became suspicious that the contestant was not a 'naturally born female' as she stated in her registration form
Beauty queen: Jenna Talackova, fourth from right, has competed in a Miss Universe contest before
People have taken to social media pages to express their disgust with one Facebook user writing on the pageant's page: 'Tell us what "requirements" did she not make? This reeks of discrimination...'
In a YouTube interview Talackova says she knew she was a female at the age of four and began hormone therapy ten years later.
And the 23-year-old beauty queen, who has competed in Miss Universe pageants and transgendered pageants before, says that she surgically changed her gender aged 19.
‘I regard myself as a woman with a history,' Talackova says winking to the camera.
A statement from Miss Universe Canada read: ‘Jenna Talackova from Vancouver, British Columbia will not compete in the 2012 Miss Universe Canada competition because she did not meet the requirements to compete despite having stated otherwise on her entry form.
'Real girl': The pageant organizers recognised Jenna as a 'real girl' but still booted her out the competition
All woman: Jenna Talackova, 23, (pictured right in 2010 with Miss Korea, left) will now be allowed to enter Miss Universe Canada
Standing tall: Jenna had transgender surgery when she was 19 years old
‘We do, however, respect her goals, determination and wish her the best.'
Talackova's profile has already been removed from the Miss Universe Canada website.
Davila added: ‘Just because she can't compete doesn't mean we stopped loving her.'
A feral parrot is a parrot that has adapted to life in an ecosystem to which it is not native. Many are descended from pets that have escaped or been deliberately released. Feral parrots may affect native biodiversity, human economy and wellness.[1]
Parrots living in non-native environments [ edit ]
Rainbow lorikeet [ edit ]
Feral colonies of rainbow lorikeets (Trichoglossus haematodus) have been established in Perth, Western Australia[2] and in Auckland, New Zealand.
Eastern rosella [ edit ]
The eastern rosella (Platycercus eximius) has become naturalized in the North Island of New Zealand.[3]
The population of red-masked parakeets that have gone feral in San Francisco have become famous through a book and film that have been made about them.
Rose-ringed parakeet [ edit ]
Native to India and Sri Lanka, sizeable populations of naturalized rose-ringed parakeets (Psittacula krameri) exist around the world. They can be found in England, the Netherlands, Belgium Rome, Lisbon and along the river Rhine in Germany. The largest UK roost of these is thought to be in Esher, Surrey, numbering several thousand. Feral rose-ringed parakeets also occur in the United States, South Africa, Egypt (resident, breeding all over Giza territory in June), Israel (with many seasonally present in Yarkon Park in North Tel Aviv), Lebanon, UAE and Oman. There are also several populations in Istanbul, Turkey, both on the European side where they can be seen in Gülhane Park, Yıldız Park and Eyüp, and on the Anatolian side. It can also be found in Japan.[4][5][6]
Other [ edit ]
Also found in the United States are various naturalized Brotogeris species (mainly B. versicolurus (canary-winged parakeet a.k.a. white-winged parrot) and/or B. chiriri (yellow-chevroned parakeet/parrot)).
Brooklyn (in New York City); Chicago, Illinois; Austin, Texas; Tampa, Florida; and Miami, Florida are home to populations of Myiopsitta monachus (monk a.k.a. quaker parakeet/parrot).[7]
A population of naturalized rose-collared lovebirds (a.k.a. peach-faced lovebirds) (Agapornis roseicollis) is found in Phoenix, Arizona.
Several species, including red-lored parrots (Amazona autumnalis), lilac-crowned parrots (Amazona finschi) and yellow-chevroned parakeets (Brotogeris chiriri), have become well established in Southern California and a population of mainly red-masked or cherry-headed parakeets/conures, a female mitred parakeet/conure and thus several inter-specific hybrids live in the area of Telegraph Hill in San Francisco, as depicted in the documentary The Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill. In the greater San Francisco Bay Area, there are several populations of red-masked parakeets, including in Palo Alto, Menlo Park, and Sunnyvale.
The Belmont Heights District in Long Beach, California is also known to have many species of feral parrots, which have become local icons to the citizens of the area. They are known for their loud and unique noises as well as their large communities. These parrots can be found roosting mostly on Ocean Boulevard between Livingston Drive and Redondo Avenue in palm trees.
The San Gabriel Valley in California has a large non-indigenous population of naturalized parrots. According to the Parrot Project of Los Angeles,[8] the parrots are of at least five species.[9] Residents have come to enjoy the birds as part of their city's culture,[10][11] and like other Southern California residents they have become "local icons" to the citizens there.[12] Many theories surround the mystery of how the parrots landed in Pasadena and claimed the area as their own.[13] A widely accepted story is that they were part of the stock that were set free for their survival from the large pet emporium at Simpson's Garden Town on East Colorado Boulevard, which burned down in 1959.[9][14]
Malibu, California has populations of black hooded or Nanday Parakeet (Nandayus nenday), lilac crowned amazon parrots (Amazona finschi), red-crowned amazon parrots (Amazona viridigenalis), and mitred parakeets (Aratinga mitrata).
Lists of feral parrot species by continent [ edit ]
[citation needed]
North America [ edit ]
South America [ edit ]
Note: Species found as introduced to the State of Rio de Janeiro, outside their historical ranges;[16] further research can detect other species in other regions.
Europe [ edit ]
Africa [ edit ]
Middle East [ edit ]
New Zealand [ edit ]
Asia [ edit ]
Causes [ edit ]
Feral parrot flocks can be formed after mass escapes of newly imported, wild-caught parrots from airports or quarantine facilities. Large groups of escapees have the protection of a flock and possess the skills to survive and breed in the wild. Some feral parakeets may have descended from escaped zoo birds.
Escaped or released pets rarely contribute to establishing feral populations. Escapes typically involve only one or a few birds at a time, so the birds do not have the protection of a flock and often do not have a mate. Most captive-born birds do not possess the necessary survival skills to find food or avoid predators and often do not survive long without human caretakers. However, in areas where there are existing feral parrot populations, escaped pets may sometimes successfully join these flocks.
The most common era or years that feral parrots were released to non-native environments was from the 1890s to the 1940s, during the wild-caught parrot era.
In the psittacosis "parrot fever" panic of 1930, "One city health commissioner urged everyone who owned a parrot to wring its neck. People abandoned their pet parrots on the streets."[20]
See also [ edit ]
Diplomatic momentum is growing in Brussels for an interim trade deal with the U.K. that sets no tariffs on manufactured goods and food but restricts British services such as aviation and finance.
In public, the remaining 27 EU countries insist they will keep trade talks with the U.K. off the agenda until they have finalized the core elements of the divorce settlement: citizens' rights and Britain's multibillion-euro departure bill. Behind the scenes, however, EU trade attachés are already liaising at an informal level on how the EU27 can leverage their superior economic muscle in trade talks.
Trade diplomats from four EU27 countries said the idea gaining the most traction in early discussions was a transitional deal with the U.K. in which the two parties would pay zero tariffs on each other's goods. This would take effect immediately after Britain leaves the block in March 2019 as a prelude to a full free-trade agreement, which would probably take many more years to negotiate. Two of the diplomats said the team of European Commission Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier had floated the idea.
A zero-tariff deal on goods has immediate attractions for the U.K. but it is no silver bullet because other regulatory barriers such as compliance paperwork could be severe. Cars from Japanese factories in Britain, for example, could still face trade restrictions because of EU demands about "rules of origin." Brussels would be likely to argue that not enough of the parts and technology used to build the vehicles qualify as British. This means car exports from the U.K. would not necessarily enjoy the same free access they had while Britain was a full member of the EU customs union.
Under World Trade Organization rules, duties would reach 10 percent on cars, with agricultural tariffs stretching far higher.
The omission of services raises even bigger problems for London: Companies from banks and insurers to budget airlines like easyJet and Ryanair could find themselves shouldered out of the all-important EU market.
One trade attaché said a transitional tariffs-only trade accord would avoid “falling off the cliff-edge” but the U.K. would still be notably “worse off” because of the blow to its service sector and other regulatory challenges. The diplomats added that the zero-tariff offer was unlikely to be possible if the initial divorce talks failed to reach a settlement.
Both London and the remaining EU countries want to avoid a devastating hard landing in 2019 if Britain crashes out of the single market without a transitional trade arrangement in place. Some of Europe's most influential industries — German carmakers and the French and Italian food sectors — want to avoid tariffs between the EU and the U.K. that would ramp up their costs.
Under World Trade Organization rules, duties would reach 10 percent on cars, with agricultural tariffs stretching far higher. The driving fear is that the EU will slip automatically into imposing its external duties on the U.K. after Brexit and London will retaliate.
Twenty percent of German cars head to Britain and 55 percent of U.K. wine is imported from the EU.
The European Commission did not comment on the zero-tariff plan. “Negotiations have not yet started and it is therefore too early to speculate about whether there will be a transitional agreement and if so, what shape it will take,” said spokeswoman Mina Andreeva.
Spokespeople for the U.K. government didn't reply to a request for comment on Sunday.
Scramble for services
Britain's continental rivals in sectors such as banking and aviation see Brexit as a prime opportunity to snatch business from the U.K. While Britain ran an eye-watering £25 billion deficit in goods with the rest of the EU in the last three months of 2016, it simultaneously ran a £6 billion surplus in services.
Airlines such as Air France and Lufthansa want a strict application of EU aviation rules after Brexit to curtail the activities of British competitors. Budget carriers such as easyJet and Ryanair will have to show from 2019 that they are majority-owned by EU interests if they want to preserve their access to European skies. Similarly, Britain's financial rivals in Frankfurt and Paris want U.K. financial companies to move staff and assets to the Continent to maintain their foothold in the European market.
British Prime Minister Theresa May stressed when triggering Article 50 last Wednesday that she wanted an ultimate accord to be “a bold and ambitious free- trade agreement” with the EU that “covers sectors crucial to our linked economies such as financial services and network industries.”
But the EU has been cautious on the continued access for services.
On Friday, it warned that Britain would not seal a free-trade agreement — the successor to the interim accord — unless it committed not to turn itself into a tax haven. Similarly, at a POLITICO event last Tuesday, France's ambassador to the EU, Pierre Sellal, said London would be in danger of losing access to the internal market if it pursued a more free-wheeling economic model by turning itself into a Singapore or Hong Kong.
Still, Mike Vercnocke, head of European affairs for the City of London Corporation, is confident that the City is agile enough to compete even without an immediate deal on services. “The City is very flexible, you already see companies serving clients by other means” such as setting up subsidiaries in the EU, he said.
The chances of a quick transition are also boosted because a tariffs-only deal would be the exclusive competence of the EU.
The mood in Germany is that the U.K. will have to face costs to preserve the coherence of the single market.
“The EU and U.K. should reach an agreement that minimizes economic damage, but any future deal must not undermine the EU's single market by granting the U.K. favorable conditions without setting clear obligations," said Jochen Andritzky, secretary-general of the German Council of Economic Experts, which advises the government.
"We must avoid creating a precedent that demonstrates that one could leave the EU, its freedom of movement and budget contributions while continuing to reap the economic benefits,” he added.
Quick tariff trade-off
While EU trade negotiations could drag on for years, experts said that an interim deal limited to cutting tariffs should be easier. A "minimalistic deal is relatively easy to get," said Marco Bronckers, a professor of trade law at Leiden University. Britain is more likely to be able to conclude such a deal because it plans to secure regulatory convergence by converting EU rules into British law, he added.
The chances of a quick transition are also boosted because a tariffs-only deal would be the exclusive competence of the EU. “The EU could ratify swiftly without needing to pass by 38 national or regional parliaments,” Bronckers said, alluding to the regulatory gauntlet that almost killed the EU's trade agreement with Canada last year, when the Belgian region of Wallonia was effectively able to impose a veto.
The arrangement would not constitute a "customs union" and Britain would be free to strike other trade deals around the world.
However, that would raise problems for the U.K.'s trading partners in the EU as they would have to monitor the origin of goods scrupulously. If Britain were to strike a free-trade deal with China, for example, Brussels would not want those goods entering the EU tariff-free.
The interim customs plan also triggered skepticism for other reasons.
“I don't think something like this would fly,” said Pascal Kerneis, managing director of the European Services Forum. “EU-U.K. trade is very much about services, from accounting to transport."
Daniel Caspary, trade spokesman for the European People's Party, called the idea an “emergency solution” and expressed doubts that the EU was actually willing to slash all tariffs, particularly when it comes to agriculture.
“We haven't offered zero-tariffs on agriculture in any trade deal because there are farmers in Europe that need protection from foreign competition,” he said. “If Britain leaves the EU and contributes no longer to the Common Agriculture Policy [supporting those farmers], I don't believe in a zero-percent tariff. Otherwise, what kind of signal would that be sending to other trading partners?”
Simon Marks, Florian Eder, Charlie Cooper and Cathy Buyck contributed reporting.
CP photo by Jake Mysliwczyk
Planned Parenthood employees and interns stand up for women's health.
1916: Nurse and activist Margaret Sanger opens a birth control clinic in Brooklyn, N.Y., with her sister, Ethel Byrne, and activist Fania Mindell. The line of women looking for help and advice stretches down the block. Nine days later, the clinic is raided by police, and the women are arrested for crimes “related to sharing birth-control advice.” Sanger spends 30 days in jail and shares birth-control information with fellow inmates.
1921: Sanger founds the American Birth Control League. It would become officially named Planned Parenthood in 1942.
1930: Sanger opens a clinic in Harlem because black women were denied health and social services.
1939: Dr. Thelma Patton Law becomes one of the first black OB-GYNs in Texas. She would spend 25 years as the head of the Planned Parenthood Houston health center.
1951: Planned Parenthood awards a grant to Gregory Pincus, John Rock and M.C. Chang to begin developing a birth-control pill.
1965: Birth control is legalized for married couples after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in favor of Estelle Griswold, executive director of Planned Parenthood Connecticut, who opened a birth-control clinic in 1961. It would become legalized for all people in 1972.
1968: The Jane Collective, an activist group in Chicago, starts an underground network of volunteers who are trained to perform safe abortions.
1973: Roe v. Wade legalizes abortion across the country.
1976: The Hyde Amendment prohibits any federal funding from being used on abortions.
1979: Planned Parenthood launches a national sex-education program.
1985: Planned Parenthood facilities and health centers nationwide become targets of bombings, arson and other acts of violence.
2004: Planned Parenthood and its partners stage a “March for Women's Lives” at the National Mall in Washington, D.C.
*Source: 100years.plannedparenthood.org
I'm excited to finally announce the immediate availability of SimplePie 1.2.1. This release fixes a few bugs, including a major URL parsing bug, where URLs with query strings were parsed incorrectly. For a full list of what has been changed in this version, see the commits since 1.2, and the issues closed in 1.2.1. This is a recommended upgrade for all users.
Grab it now to upgrade!
So now, a quick status update on the project. Our last blog post noted that we were ceasing development, mainly due to the lack of time we had to devote to the project. However, I am pleased to report that development has been continuing on GitHub. With the help of users and other developers, hacking has been taking place on our two main upcoming versions (1.2.1 and 1.3), with occasional development on ComplexPie, the future base of SimplePie 2.0.
The major version undergoing changes is the master branch (1.3-dev). The major change so far is the restructuring of SimplePie into a more maintainable structure, with one file per class. Major thanks goes to Drak from the Zikula Foundation for undertaking the main body of work. All the classes have also been changed to use PHP 5 code, including proper visibility for methods and properties, and dropping any deprecated code. There are also a lot more unit tests, with more to come before release.
In addition, the one-dot-two branch continues as the legacy PHP 4-compatible branch, with 1.2.1 hopefully our final release on the branch. Occasional bugfix releases will be made on this branch, but no major development is occurring here. New issues are always welcome!
Finally, if you're reading this, the site has finally been migrated to a new server (thanks to Matt for hosting!). If any brokenness is noticed, please feel free to file a bug on the website bug tracker. That's all for now, look forward to the release of 1.2.1 in the upcoming future, and thanks for using SimplePie!
A New York Fire Department captain has been exposed as living a 'double life' as a rapper who sings lyrics about violence and projects an 'anti-cop image'.
FDNY Captain Kaseem Ryan, 44, who is assigned to Engine 235 in the Brooklyn neighborhood Bedford Stuyvesant.
However Ryan also goes by the name Ka, who sang in a 2013 song: 'F- -k them cops and swats with night vision. I see your traps and your plots to dead us, y'all rolling with Kojaks, n- - -a, I got Berettas.'
Scroll down for video
Double life: FDNY Captain Kaseem Ryan is assigned to Engine 235 in Bedford Stuyvesant, but he is also Ka, a rapper who sings about the 'ghetto life'
Ryan (right) is a veteran of the FDNY. He is seen here with some of his Engine 226 comrades
Ryan was outed as having the alter ego by The New York Post on Sunday.
He is a veteran firefighter who commands Engine Co. 235 and has performed with Wu Tang Clan's GZA.
Ryan addressed living a double life in a 2015 interview, however he did not reveal that he worked for the FDNY.
'I'm living two lives, man,' he said.
'I'm trying to be who I am in the day and then trying to feed my soul at night with being the artist that I want to be.'
Alter ego: Ryan has reportedly tried to keep his music career hidden at work
Ryan earned $148,558 as a fire captain last year.
According to Ed Mullins, president of the Sergeants Benevolent Association, Ryan's day job is completely at odds with his rapping persona.
'The biases he portrays through his music are indicative of what he believes or feels,' Mullins told The Post.
'As a New York City firefighter, he should be trying to bring people together rather than fracture relationships, especially in communities of color.'
Strong lyrics: Ryan's songs project an 'anti-cop image', even though he works for the fire department
On one of Ryan's songs, Mr. Officer, he speaks about police brutality against black youths.
'Why do you wanna see me in a coffin, sir?' he asks in the song.
Ryan would not comment on his rapping career when contacted.
I propose the community come together to purchase the Monero.how domain name, website, and content and appoint a custodian(s) to manage the website and content.
knacc is auctioning off monero.how. The current bid is $2150.00 at https://flippa.com/9336741-monero-how with 13 days left.
This has been a longstanding resource for Monero, the Monero community, and newbies to learn about and how to use Monero. Many bad things could happen if a random person purchases it. It could be shutdown, have old content that causes issues, be used to advertise a scam, or even to undermine Monero.
I propose funding of 250 XMR to cover Milestone 1 (extra funds to be returned to general fund), 10 XMR for Milestone 2, 10 XMR for Milestone 3, and 30 XMR for Milestone 4. I would bid and complete the auction in fiat. Any extra funds would be returned to the Monero General Fund.
Milestone 1) Purchase Monero.how via auction and move the domain and content to a new hosting provider.
Milestone 2) Provide hosting and content updates for a year.
Milestone 3) Open source the website via Github.
Milestone 4) Integrate 20 pages of content from monero.how to getmonero.org via github.
Who I am: /u/apexio on reddit, apezio on github.
Owner and operator of Fork Networking, Inc. for 24 years. This is an ISP in Portland Oregon USA. www.forked.net
I helped /u/serhack write the WHMCS Monero Payment Gateway: https://github.com/monero-integrations/monerowhmcs/graphs/contributors
My company is listed as a Monero sponsor: https://getmonero.org/community/sponsorships/
I have given out thousands in free hosting services for Bitcoin and Monero projects:
https://www.reddit.com/r/Monero/comments/744n9a/i_want_to_help_monero_projects_so_im_giving_away/ https://np.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/29x3gl/i_want_to_help_bitcoin_projects_so_im_giving_away/ https://np.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/3amffg/a_year_ago_i_gave_away_42_virtual_servers_to_help/
United States law enforcement authorities have confirmed they are investigating images of child abuse unearthed from Kim Dotcom's Megaupload servers.
The material was discovered during FBI examination of the contents of the internet millionaire's cloud storage system, seized in the global takedown of the "Mega Conspiracy" that included police raids at Dotcom's Auckland mansion in January.
Dotcom, 38, is currently on bail awaiting an extradition hearing. Authorities say he used Megaupload and its affiliated sites to knowingly make money from pirated movies and games, and have charged him with multiple copyright offences.
A spokesman from the United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Virginia, Peter Carr, said there was an ongoing investigation into the images of child pornography found on the servers but would make no further comment.
Experts say Dotcom is unlikely to be held accountable for the child pornography also uploaded to the Mega websites.
The laws covering objectionable material had broader "safe harbours" that ensured online service providers were not blamed for the actions of their users, said New Zealand internet lawyer Rick Shera.
"It's absolutely impossible for a cloud service to scrutinise what's on its servers."
"The implications of being charged with possession of objectionable material are much more serious [than copyright]. It's unfair and inappropriate that an online service provider is charged if they're not involved."
US Homeland Security Child Exploitation Investigations Unit spokesman Matthew Dunn said his organisation did not target cloud storage owners unless it could prove they were facilitating illegal activities involving child abuse.
"We go after the people that were sharing the objectionable material," Dunn said. There were instances where internet forums had been shut down, but cloud computing sites and social networks usually did not want illegal activity on their sites and would co-operate to remove the material.
Director of the Kiwi child protection agency Ecpat, Alan Bell, said targeting host site owners was not useful in preventing further abuses.
"The real scrutiny should be directed at offenders who use those facilities for their own purposes."
Meanwhile, prominent German magazine Stern has slated Dotcom as a narcissistic man who acted more like a "big kid" with no thought of consequences and careless with money.
The weekly news magazine devoted a six-page spread to the former German citizen now living in New Zealand under tight restrictions as he fights an extradition process to the US where authorities have charged him with copyright breaches.
His former teacher, Gabriele Killig, told Stern that even as a child Dotcom longed for recognition and was a constant attention seeker. "Kim didn't have any friends, was always an outsider and compensated by being the class clown. He was tolerated but not accepted by his classmates. There was never the right place for him," Killig is quoted as saying.
New Zealand property developer David Blackmore is quoted talking about a falling-out over personalised number plates.
The magazine said Dotcom paid $20,000 for the number plate GOD and had pressured Blackmore to give up SATAN, JESUS, and EVIL for $100,000.
"I experienced what kind of narcissistic control freak he is. He wouldn't back down until he got his way," Blackmore is quoted as saying.
Blackmore also criticised Dotcom for being obsessed with playing video games. At one point Dotcom set a world record for the game Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3, raking up 180,000 kills in 702 hours.Others who remained anonymous in the article described Dotcom as careless with money, spending it "like a big kid who wanted to amuse himself with no thought about the consequences".
Another said he was never seen taking drugs or drinking alcohol, preferring to give them out to others to have fun.
The magazine also claims that in 2002 Dotcom pulled a controversial stunt that the magazine said was an announcement of suicide. It said Dotcom posted: "Enough is enough. Kim Schmitz will die next Monday. You can watch live and for free on the website."
However, the timing coincided with him adopting the new surname Dotcom.
AMD's Radeon Software Crimson Edition drivers have been plagued by a rather big and nasty bug which locks the fan speed at 20 percent on certain graphics cards, making them crash or in some cases to even die. AMD has announced that they are aware of the issue and should fix it today. A number of users on Reddit have been reporting a major issue with the new Radeon Software Crimson Edition drivers which locked the fan speed at 20 percent on certain graphics cards. This produced issues like performance drop or system crash when those graphics cards overheat. Some unlucky users are also reporting a dead graphics cards due to the issue.AMD has announced that the company is aware of "isolated reports of low fan states" on select Radeon GPUs and that they managed to fix the issue. The company plans to release a hotfix today.It appears that AMD simply can't get a break and thankfully this did not affect a large number of GPUs. In case you are running on AMD Radeon graphics card and have Crimson Edition driver installed, we suggest you check the fan setting before hotfix is released.Source: via Legitreviews.com
There are a lot of curated lists out there about good programming resources. One thing they all have in common is that they're focused on relatively mainstream ideas: good languages, good techniques, etc. I want to try something a little different and focus on the articles that are skeptical about what everybody believes in programming. To keep them “curated”, I tried to make sure that the articles were well-referenced or original research. An article skeptical about standard practice is much more interesting coming from a veteran than an outsider.
Here ares some of the ones I like. Note that I don't necessarily agree with any given article. I just think they're worth reading.
Verification Techniques: I love formal methods. I've written a lot about how they are powerful and applicable to everybody, not just high assurance software. Gutmann's essay on its limitations is like a bucket of ice water: a reminder that we went through the hype before and that there are serious limitations of formal methods that we need to acknowledge if we want to use them well.
Static vs Dynamic Typing: a literature review: Luu consistently writes solid, comprehensive articles that break down common assumptions about programming. This article is one of his best: an extensive analysis of static vs dynaming typing research, which shows there's no clear evidence one way or another. Note this was written before gradual typing (mypy and typescript) became popular, so it'd be interesting to study those in particular.
Scalability! but at what COST?: There's a difference between performance and scalability, and highly-scalable algorithms are often less performant than smart optimization even for 10+gb datasets.
Web Framework Benchmarks: A lot of arguments about server performance either come from logical arguments or limited benchmarks. This instead tries to be as comprehensive as possible, running multiple benchmarks across every possible combination of framework, database, platform, etc. Lots of interesting results here: for example, despite the common believe that node is good for high I/O tasks, it's consistently outperformed by Java and C++.
Taking PHP Seriously: Slack's argument about why PHP is, despite all of its misfeatures, a solid language for webdev. It got a lot of traction recently, with a lot of people saying they should be using PHP7 instead. I haven't been able to find any similar defenses of PHP7, though.
In defense of Whiteboarding: Whiteboard interview questions are an interesting case: A few years ago, everybody thought they were a great idea, while nowadays everybody thinks they're terrible. This is the strongest pro-whiteboarding article I could find. It argues that whiteboard questions give useful signals about creative thinking, but we never set it up that way.
Books Programmers Don't Really Read: Fascinating from a cultural perspective: a lot of the books that we consider important are also the books that we don't read. I'm reminded of some discussions about programming patterns: apparently the book advocates something very different, and much more nuanced, than how we think of patterns today.
Disadvantages of purely functional programming: I'm torn on this article, because the tone is pretty hostile (see the ‘smug weenies' point), but the content is well-grounded. Harrop points at specific data structures that are hard to write in a purely functional language, and lists resources addressing specific claims made that he attempts to debunk.
Why should I use a pointer rather than the object itself?: Fascinating specifically because it talks about how best practices change over time and have to be reevaluated. In this case, using pointers in early C++ vs C++11.
A Practical Comparison of Alloy vs Spin: Definitely more niche than the others, but very comprehensive in that niche. Zave compares two specification tools and shows how their claimed benefits are often very different from their actual benefits. Probably only interesting if you're into lightweight formal methods.
So what makes a good skeptical article? Here's my first pass at defining that, along with “antiexamples” of specific articles which fail to meet the criteria.
Controversial
The article should specifically be taking a stance that runs counter to “mainstream views”, either attacking something everybody believes or defending something everybody mocks. Note the article can still be a solid, insightful article without this. It's just not a solid, insightful skeptical article.
Antiexample: PHP: a fractal of bad design. Even at the time this was written, most people believed that PHP was a badly designed language, so this wasn't particularly skeptical.
Understanding
The article should show a clear understanding (if not respect) of whatever it's attacking and the arguments against whatever it's defending. Without this, it's impossible to write a watertight argument, because you have no idea what you're arguing against. You're also much more likely to leave critical holes in your argument.
A rough rule of thumb I have is that if you can't teach something you other people, you don't know it well enough to rant about it.
Antiexample: The Dark Path. Uncle Bob is well-respected for a lot of solid reasons. But his article about type systems shows some basic misunderstandings: for example, that language-level safety features don't affect the bug-rate, and that tests completely obviate the need for other safety features.
Rigorous
Hard data, if available, should be included and discussed. Hard data showing the opposite of what you want should also be included and discussed. If hard data isn't available but could be generated (for example, benchmarks), it should be generated as objectively as possible. The arguments itself should be rock-solid and not have any implicit assumptions or leaps in logic. All objections should be preemptively discussed in the article.
Of course this is important for any good essay, but it's especially so for skeptical ones. By definition you're writing something that a lot of people disagree with, so people are going to write responses. Don't give them any openings.
Antiexample: Test your private methods. I'm pretty embarassed about having written that article. No concrete examples, poor arguments, and confuses architecture, performance, and testing.
Respectful
Unfortunately this is more a nice-to-have than an essential property, which says more about the state of programming culture than how to write a good argument. The article should treat the other side as reasonable, thoughtful people that just happen to be wrong. While you may be attacking their positions, the ultimate goal is to convince and inform people, not antagonize them.
Antiexample: The Case Against Python 3. This also lacks comprehension or rigour , but it's an extreme example of being obnoxious. Shaw claims that there's a cabal of Pythonistas brainwashing people, beginners aren't smart enough to understand him, and that anybody who calls him out is an idiot.
It's really hard to find good skeptical articles. It requires a deep knowledge of both why people believe something and why it breaks down. Plus it's hard enough to find well-written, well-researched articles in general, even about things that excite people. Research is hard, writing is hard, and rhetoric is hard. Not that I do any better; there's plenty of programming essays out there I'm embarassed to have written.
I'm always looking for good skeptical articles, so if you have one you like, please send it my way. I'm particularly interested in articles you disagree with, but still think are good.
The George Atkinson III saga has ended with the running back trying his hand at the next level.
The Notre Dame junior will forgo his final year of eligibility and enter the NFL draft, his father, George Sr., confirmed to ESPN.com, ending an uneasy couple of weeks that included Atkinson getting suspended from the Fighting Irish's season finale in the New Era Pinstripe Bowl.
Atkinson entered the 2013 season as Notre Dame's No. 1 running back, but he appeared to fall out of favor with the coaching staff down the stretch. He finished second on the team in carries (93) and rushing yards (555). He had three rushing touchdowns, along with seven catches for 51 yards.
Atkinson was also the Irish's primary kickoff returner, and he brought back two kicks for touchdowns during his freshman year in 2011.
The Stockton, Calif., native and son of the former Oakland Raiders all-pro defensive back with the same name, Atkinson was suspended for the Irish's Dec. 28 finale against Rutgers for what coach Brian Kelly said was "a violation of team rules." Atkinson tweeted, and quickly deleted, that he was suspended because he had been texting during a team meal, something he said he had done all season. Kelly said after the 29-16 win over Rutgers that he had not made a decision on Atkinson's future with the program.
Notre Dame returns leading rusher Cam McDaniel in 2014, along with promising sophomores-to-be Tarean Folston and Greg Bryant, with the former having taken on a heavier workload during the home stretch of his rookie season at Notre Dame.
The 6-foot-1.5, 220-pound Atkinson does not have a draft grade from Scouts Inc. His twin brother, Irish receiver Josh Atkinson, plans on staying with the program. Both speedsters had joined the track and field team for one season in the spring of 2012.
Kelly had said in December that he had submitted evaluation paperwork to the NFL advisory board for Atkinson, tight end Troy Niklas and defensive end Stephon Tuitt.
Atkinson, according to a source, received a grade ranging from the fourth round and below. Niklas' father, Don Niklas, had told ESPN.com that Troy had received a grade between the second- and fourth-rounds, and that Troy plans on returning for his senior season and receiving his degree.
Tuitt said Sunday that he was declaring for the NFL draft.
note: Stretch goals are listed in Canadian $. 35000 CAD ~ 29125 USD if kickstarter is showing you a total in USD.
Ultimate Chicken Horse is a new take on party platformer games that flips between strategic level building and intense platforming.
In the multiplayer mode, you build each level by placing blocks, projectiles, traps, and hazards, then try to reach the flag! If you can make it but your friends can't, you get a point! Repeat the process as you place more platforms to make the level crazier and more dangerous. Try to balance your level to make it possible so that you can beat it, but difficult so that your friends can't.
A demo of the multiplayer game is available here:
An update to the demo went out April 22 for a few hours that had a serious bug, version numbered 0.8.10 , please redownload from the links above if you are having problems.
The game can be played with a keyboard or with Xbox 360 controllers. Up to 4 players can play with a single controller.
In the single player mode, solve tricky puzzles by building a path to the end using a limited set of platforms, and discover how to use new blocks and traps to your advantage. Explore the world as you venture further and further from the farm, finding new places to play and new animal friends to play with!
We got Greenlit on Steam! Thanks so much for the support :)
In the multiplayer game there are two diferrent modes that you can choose from depending on your mood, who you're playing with and how ridiculous you want the game to get!
Classic Competitive Mode
Take turns placing blocks in the level and running through it individually , and watch your friends attempt your level before trying it yourself
placing blocks in the level and running through it , and watch your friends attempt your level before trying it yourself Pick the blocks you want to place from an extensive inventory
Best for 2 - 3 players
Great for designing levels with a specific plan in mind and for tighter competition
Party Mode
A Party Box opens to reveal a random assortment of blocks to use
to use Players pick and place all the blocks at once
Everyone runs at the same time for maximum chaos. No collisions between characters... yet
Best for 3 - 4 players
If two or more players tie, sudden death kicks in and you need to race to the flag, first one there wins!
Party mode can be chosen by jumping on the big red button when you are setting up the game at the Treehouse. This is where you pick which animal you want to play as, and vote on which level you want to play.
Have more friends than controllers? Use the Shared Controller Couch and you'll be able to pass the controller between friends when playing in Classic Competitive mode.
Single Player Puzzle Adventure Mode
Playing alone? That's okay, we'll be your friend. Try our story puzzle mode, where you can explore new worlds and find new friends. The levels become increasingly difficult as you're presented with more challenging platforming tasks and you need to find ways to use dangerous blocks to your advantage. You'll have to reach the finish with only the platforms we provide for you, specially tailored to make each level solvable in many ways, some easier than others.
Looking for intense platforming, and less strategy? You can grab levels from the server online and test your skills by trying to beat the level in record time or by using the smallest number of blocks. We may use the Steam Workshop, or might use our own setup. We'll see!
The game is played using a wide assortment of blocks. As development continues, we will be listening to the community about what blocks they like and what new blocks they would like to see added to the mix. You can even work with us to design one as a bonus in one of the Kickstarter tiers :)
Play as any of our 8 animal friends, four of whom will be revealed throughout the rest of the development of the game. From what we've seen when people play the game, you'll be fighting over characters pretty quickly! Which is your favourite?
In the single player mode, you adventure through a wondrous world, away from the farm to find new animal friends who want to play the game. Start out at the farm, then move to the pasture, the city, and out into the wild as you discover increasingly exotic animals to join the fun.
The soundtrack for this game is planned to be a semi-live-recorded funk soundtrack, with influence from different instruments from around the world depending on where our characters travel in the game.
We're fortunate to be working with an incredibly talented team at Vibe Avenue. FX Dupas, Mathieu Lavoie and their team are an award winning group of amazing sound artists who are bringing the game world and characters to life.
We're also inviting guests in for voice-recording sessions, which up to now have been hilarious and fun. You never know how amazing your chicken sounds are until you try… Can you figure out which game dev is which animal?
The game will be delivered on PC, Mac and Linux as a DRM-free copy (through a Humble widget on our site), and a Steam key. We're already in talks with Sony and Microsoft to get the game on PS4 and/or Xbox One, but this will likely depend on whether or not we hit our stretch goals and what our backers want.
We've carefully crafted all of our reward tiers to try to make something for everyone, so please take a look and see what fits.
Speaking of fits... Have you seen our t-shirts?
*Design and colors might change based on feedback and manufacturing capabilities!
Some other highlights in our reward tiers include the ability to work with us to design a block of your choosing, because the ones we have now beenn't insane enough...
Beyond this, you can get your music solo in the game by contributing to our awesome funk soundtrack. We'll send you a track that you can jam along to and you send us back a recording. (guitar, bass, keyboard / organ, drums, flute, trumpet, trombone, saxophone, clarinet... let us know what you have in mind and we'll figure it out).
You can do all sorts of things with this Kickstarter; you can have your message and drawing appear on the Ultimate Chicken Horse barn wall, or even get your portrait (drawn in our art style) in the game! If you're feeling truly bold, you can even work with us to design a final character in the game, and make your permanent mark on Ultimate Chicken Horse history.
Click on the image below to see the full grid of rewards available!
We have many things in mind for different additional stretch goals, including new game modes, release on consoles (PS4, XboxOne, PSVita, WiiU, etc.), new characters, and more. We're going to release more stretch goals based on backer feedback and really make sure we give you everything you're looking for! Let us know what you want,in backing this project you have a hand in the development of Ultimate Chicken Horse!
We've been hard at work full-time on this game for 7 months now, and we need your help to finish it. We need to pay for the music, the voice recording, art for new characters, implementation of new game modes, the online server to quick-save levels, and the port to other platforms. We also want to hear the community's feedback and opinions. We want to work with you to make this game as great as it can be!
Clever Endeavour is a three-person team:
Thank you for your support!
(09/23/15) - John Penrod, a prolific photographer whose pictures of Michigan have been displayed in calendars and on postcards, has died. He was 86.
Starks Family Funeral Homes says Penrod died Saturday at a hospital in St. Joseph in southwestern Michigan. He lived nearby in Berrien Center.
The Herald-Palladium reports that Penrod's company, Penrod-Hiawatha, grew to become the largest Michigan-based postcard distributor. He took pictures of lighthouses, waterfalls, sunsets, parks, rainbows, rivers and other natural features.
Penrod told the newspaper that his favorite photo showed lightning over the Mackinac Bridge.
In 1995, he shrugged off questions about retirement, saying: "How can you retire when you don't work? It's a job people would almost pay to do."
(Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Image caption Barclays has awarded shares worth £39m in long-term bonuses to nine executives
Barclays' investment bank chief has been awarded shares worth £17.5m in long-term bonuses - and has sold them all.
The bank said the shares given to Rich Ricci were an accumulation of remuneration over a number of years.
Shares worth a total of £39m were given to nine executives.
Chief executive Antony Jenkins, who took over the bank last August, received shares worth £5.6m and sold £2.9m of them.
The latest awards relate to incentive schemes going back several years.
Mr Jenkins waived his bonus for 2012, a year in which Barclays was hit by fines for PPI mis-selling and attempts to rig the Libor inter-bank rate.
Outgoing finance director Chris Lucas received shares worth £1.2m.
Barclays said the timeframe of the award scheme varied for individuals, but some go back to as early as 2007.
Last June the bank was fined £290m by British and US regulators for attempted manipulation of Libor and Euribor interbank rates between 2005 and 2009.
The scandal led to the resignations of three Barclays senior board members, including the chief executive Bob Diamond. He was replaced by Mr Jenkins, who had been head of retail and business banking.
Barclays has also set aside £2bn to compensate customers for the mis-selling of payment protection insurance.
Some people might question naming a charity event a “slavery auction.” But those people do not live in Sitka, Alaska, and they are not the organizers of the city's annual Alaska Day Festival.
The perennial charity sensation in Sitka, population 9,020, drew the ire of the Anchorage chapter of the NAACP this weekend for calling one of the events on its schedule a “slavery auction.” The event was not planned as a historical reenactment but a contest of sorts in which people bid to win a volunteer's time to do menial tasks like mowing lawns.
Wanda Laws of the NAACP's Anchorage chapter requested that the festival, which commemorates the acquisition of Alaska from Russia in 1867, “immediately retract and remove” the event, scheduled for Sunday, Oct. 18. It went on as planned, however, raising some $3,000 for the local fire department. Going forward, though, it will be referred to as the “Alaska Day Auction.”
Still, bartender Rita Ledbetter, who organized the event, failed to see why Laws took exception to the event's name.
“It's a local, local thing, and I don't know why it's such a big deal,” she told the Associated Press. “Why I wasn't called by the NAACP and say, ‘Hey,' instead of slamming us for a word that just means squat now? I mean, how long has that been? 150? Almost 200 years? It's like, ‘C'mon.'”
Some would argue the word “slavery” does not just mean “squat” in 2015. Ledbetter argued that the questionably named auction had been around for 31 years.
Before being emailed about it, Laws had never heard of the event but told Alaska Dispatch News: “The connotation of buying and selling people against their will into slavery—that's nothing to glorify.”
Neither Laws nor the festival organizers responded to requests for comment from The Daily Beast.
Despite Ledbetter relenting to commonly held norms about not naming things after a centuries-long human-rights violation, she did not go quietly into that Sitka night.
“Tell them to stick their nose back in their own business and leave us alone,” she said of the NAACP.
God bless Alaska.
The country reacted with horror after a Nazi demonstrator mowed down protestors with a car. But Republicans have been attacking protestors in roads all year, with both violent rhetoric and legislation.
The deadly events in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday have rocked the entire nation.
As neo-Nazis protested the removal of Confederate monuments and clashed with locals and police in Emancipation Park, one man violently mowed down counterprotestors with his car, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer and injuring 19 others. The perpetrator, James Alex Fields, Jr., is being charged with murder.
The reaction across the country was immediate outrage from all corners. Democrats and Republicans alike decried the violence — though Donald Trump could barely bring himself to do so even partway.
But Republican condemnations ring hollow, given that many in the party have for months openly advocated running down protestors with cars.
In March, in response to Native Americans demonstrating against Trump's support for the Dakota Access Pipeline, Daily Caller editor Katie Frates tweeted, and then deleted, “I wonder how many #NativeNationsRise #NoDAPL protestors I could run over before I got arrested #getoutofmyway”.
Frates is not alone. Numerous right-wingers have produced memes fantasizing about running down protestors:
https://twitter.com/carlbeijer/status/896441238689337344
This would be bad enough if it were just trolls on social media. But Republican state legislators have also been proposing laws that would effectively make it legal to hit protestors with cars.
The North Carolina House of Representatives proposed two bills targeting protestors in roads — one that would declare them guilty of a new crime called “economic terrorism” and one that would strip protestors of the right to sue drivers who hit them.
Similar bills banning protestors injured by cars from suing drivers were proposed by Republicans in Tennessee and North Dakota.
Another GOP bill in Indiana, while it did not explicitly relax penalties on hitting pedestrians, directed police to use “any means necessary” to break up protests in roads, which would appear to encourage violence. The bill's sponsor, State Sen. Tim Jones, claimed protestors in roads are a lethal menace because they prevent emergency vehicles reaching people in time, but when pressed could not name one example of that happening.
Dangerous rhetoric leads to dangerous outcomes. Republicans should not be surprised, after repeatedly demonizing and denying the rights of protestors in roads, that the end result was violence.
There has been widespread criticism that the Trump administration did not do more to prepare for and respond to the effects of Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico. (Evan Vucci/AP)
The three-star general overseeing hurricane relief efforts in Puerto Rico pushed back Friday against criticisms that the Trump administration acted too slowly to respond to the devastation of Hurricane Maria and that his deployment there was designed to compensate for perceived White House inaction.
"That's absolutely inaccurate," Lt. Gen. Jeffrey S. Buchanan, the commander of U.S. Army North, told U.S. News in an exclusive phone interview. "It's certainly not a symbolic thing. As the land component commander, we're now shifting to a more land-based response, so it's appropriate that my command is appointed command for it."
"I have to go wherever it is that I need to be to best provide the leadership required," Buchanan says.
Ten days after Maria first made landfall on the U.S. territory as a Category 4 hurricane, thousands in Puerto Rico are still without food, water or power, and the island's interior remains largely inaccessible by road, prompting widespread criticism that the White House did not do more to prepare for and then respond to the effects of the storm.
"The federal response has been a disaster," local lawmaker Jose Enrique Melendez, a member of Gov. Ricardo Rossello's New Progressive Party, told the Associated Press . "It's been really slow."
Lawmakers on the mainland have been equally critical. Sen. Bill Nelson of Florida, a Democrat, said in a statement, "As was said after Hurricane Andrew: 'Where the hell is the cavalry?'" Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, also of Florida, has been among the most vocal, saying the military should take over distributing aid after days of what he considers an inability to do so by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, currently the lead government agency for the response.
White House officials also cite separate catastrophes in Texas, Louisiana and Florida caused by storms that further complicate response efforts, as well as Puerto Rico's distance, more than a thousand miles from the U.S. mainland.
Some have pointed out, however, that the federal response pales in comparison to that of the U.S. action in 2010 for the earthquake in Haiti. Two days after, the U.S. deployed 8,000 American troops, ultimately sending 22,000 troops and 33 support ships within two weeks.
"I think it's a fair ask why we're not seeing a similar command and response," retired Lt. Gen. P.K. "Ken" Keen, who oversaw the U.S. military response to the Haitian earthquake, told The Washington Post . Rajiv Shah, who served as director of the U.S. Agency for International Development when it oversaw the Haiti response, also told the Post he could not understand the delays to Maria relief.
On Wednesday, the Defense Department confirmed that a one-star general – Army Brig. Gen. Richard Kim, one of Buchanan's deputies – would deploy to Puerto Rico to coordinate the military support to FEMA. U.S. Northern Command also sent Buchanan, announcing his trip to the island on Thursday. Buchanan previously deployed to San Antonio, Texas, to oversee what the government designated a largely land-based response to Hurricane Harvey.
Buchanan dismisses the comparison of Maria to the 2010 earthquake or any other disaster and says that just because the U.S. knew a storm was heading for the island doesn't mean it could predict how to respond. He points out that Hurricane Irma passed over two weeks earlier and had minimal effect on the island.
"Then Maria comes by and has devastating impact," Buchanan says. "Sometimes we don't know what's going to happen until we see what happens."
U.S. Northern Command, including its chief, Gen. Lori Robinson, was also concerned about deploying too large a military response to Puerto Rico before it knew what the island needed, Buchanan says.
"We can sometimes cause more problems than we solve if we flood an already-crowded port – seaport or airport – with things that have not been requested," he says. "We're working in direct support of FEMA. The military is not in charge here. The governor is in charge. They're supporting the governor, and we're supporting FEMA."
As for Rubio's suggestion the military take over, Buchanan says the system is working as it is designed to and should stay that way.
"The military does not take charge of these kinds of operations in the homeland," Buchanan says. "We're housed in the same facility, working together, making sure we're accomplishing it all."
"This is not a dictatorship. We've got great teamwork going on with them. When they say they need more help with distribution, we're able to respond to it and make it happen."
Georgia Tech has been in conversations with Peach Bowl president and CEO Gary Stokan to take part in Chick-fil-A Kickoff game, which has been played at the Georgia Dome sine 2008.
The two sides are particularly looking at 2017, when the game moves to the new Falcons stadium.
Tech athletic director Mike Bobinski said that 2017 is the first year that the kickoff game has availability that also is feasible for Tech. The Yellow Jackets could conceivably be the first team to play a regular-season game — pro or college — in the new building.
>> For more on the discussions and Georgia Tech's future schedules, read the full story on MyAJC.com.
The proposed matchup would come against a non-conference opponent and not Georgia. Tech is scheduled to play at Ole Miss that year, the first half of a home-and-home series concluding in 2018. Ole Miss already is scheduled to play in the kickoff game this upcoming season against Boise State.
“It's still in the concept stage, but we have been actively in conversation on that,” Bobinski said.
>> A complete look at how the ACC football schedule is likely to affect Georgia Tech, see the story on MyAJC.com.
The sly devils!
I speak of that subversive organization we call the Greater Israel lobby. That cabal last month tried to push through the Senate—surreptitiously, no less—a bill that would criminalize support for the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) movement that's proving such a poisoned thorn in the hide of the Israeli beast. No less a criminal than Netanyahu, who reminds me of the gentleman who got the best of my uncle on an Oldsmobile in an Indianapolis used car lot in 1966, has called BDS an “existential threat” for the Jewish state. And he's probably right.
What's most interesting to me about this legislative initiative isn't its overreach, though that is something—imagine making it illegal to call for a boycott of the products of any other country on this planet besides Israel's! What's most interesting to me is that it failed.
Those new to the game of American politics might not consider that so notable. But for us graybeards, those of us who have watched our “civic life” since the Lobby came into its own in the 1970s, it's remarkable. We remember that the Lobby didn't use to lose. It was like the young Tyson (that fine Black brute!) in the ring: a force of nature, brutalizing and humiliating its opponent. And, as young people today love to say, the Lobby did this “on the sly,” so that the average American, stupefied by Ritalin and pornography, was none the wiser.
What accounts for the Lobby's recent failure to pervert American democracy (such as it is) under cover of night? And for the degradation, over the last decade or so, of its aura of invincibility?
There are any number of tactical reasons, but I find the big picture more compelling. In short, the Lobby's problem is one that it can't fix: it's the problem of racial, or civilizational, decadence. The Lobby rose to prominence, as the glorious leftist Philip Weiss has suggested on his invaluable MondoWeiss blog, on the back of the new, post-1960s American elite, a disproportionately Jewish cohort. This was arguably the most intelligent and energetic American elite (I speak technically when I say “American”) since the founding generation, and it left its warmongering, stockjobbing, post-Christian, and neo-liberal stamp on the American Empire.
But like all elites, it became soft. Its offspring were no longer products of the streets, but rather of America's pampered upper-middle-class suburbs; its mores were no longer that of a clever urban minority, but rather those of a bloated new aristocracy, lolling on feather beds and gorging on kugel in gilded McMansions in the great upper-class Jewish ghettos of the coasts.
I don't think that the generation of Jews the Depression raised would've allowed the Lobby to suffer the rout it did last month. But then, every elite has its day. The Anglo-Saxon elite (into a Midwestern subset of which I was born) ceded its place in the 1960s and 70s, its will to perpetuate itself broken by its failures in the street protests of the 60s, in the Civil Rights movement, and in Vietnam. Now it's the turn of the contemporary elite to expire, done in by the military, economic, and political disasters over which it's presided over the last 20 years.
Good riddance to the scum!
What new elite will rise once today's elite's corpse is dragged off by History and thrown into a ditch, there to rot in the sun and feed the maggots and flies, as it so richly deserves? It's too early to tell, but we can assume that this elite will be heavily Asian. Whatever it is, however, it'll be godless and corrupted by all of the diseases of market culture, “liquid modernity,” neo-liberalism. Its epigones will bow to all of the idols of the present moment: transgenderism, predatory capitalism, endless war. It will represent new wine in old bottles, and it will, if God is merciful, drive our irredeemable society one step closer to the dust.
There our society will die, and its filthy empire with it, leaving the world stage clear for the birth of a new, globe-striding pan-Russian empire governed sternly from the Moscow Kremlin, stretching its noble wings from the Russian Pacific in the east to the shores of the Adriatic and a “cleansed” Baltic region in the west.
Lord God, we beseech you, let it be so! God have mercy! God have mercy! God have mercy! Glorify Him! Glorify Him! GLORIFY HIM!
OMAHA, NE – With the recent push of Omaha area anti-LGBT Churches against LGBT protections, do these churches and their people really have a place to judge members of Omaha's LGBT Community? I think not. Let's look at the Catholic Church. Have they completely cleaned up the whole priests molesting children fiasco? No they have not. Yet they continue to stand against LGBT rights and protections initiatives. I have yet to see where in the Bible it says homosexuality deserves to be set aside and punished above all other sins. Pedophiles in the Church get the Churches protection, LGBT people with jobs and families, get the boot and the pink slip.
During the last round of LGBT issues in Omaha, Jean Stothert explicitly asked if the workplace protections ordinance would interfere with the ArchDiocese access to Keno money. Its very apparent they are receiving the money. Its basically gambling money and very hypocritical, I think, for the Church to be taking, but then singling out LGBT people for discrimination laws.
The Protestant Churches who hate gays are also just the same, as are their religious organization counterparts like Boy Scouts of America keeping files of gays and child molesters, but of course, failing to keep child molesters away from the boys, but definitely keeping gays away from their jobs.
In fact, information shows that because of all the gay bashing by these churches is why America is losing its religion. Which is ironic, because I think many of these churches act out against a group to blame for their problems in an attempt to save their denominations numbers. We are getting the same knee-jerk reaction from Tea Partiers fighting the inevitable truth that whites will only be a plurality in America and not the majority rule.
How many people offended by this pic looked the other way when the child molestation became front page news?
0.000000 0.000000
Paolo Maldini spent 25 years playing for AC Milan
Italy legend Paolo Maldini will rival David Beckham after launching his own football team in Miami.
Miami Football Club will play in the North American Soccer League - the second tier, below Major League Soccer.
Maldini, 46, will be the co-owner of the side that will provide competition for Beckham, who hopes to enter a Miami team into the MLS in future.
However, Beckham suffered a setback when plans to build a new 25,000-capacity stadium were rejected in 2014.
Media playback is not supported on this device Miami MLS delay frustrating - Beckham
Beckham and Maldini briefly played together at AC Milan in 2009.
Television rights entrepreneur Riccardo Silva is also a co-owner of Miami FC, with the project backed by a group of international investors.
A statement said the club would play in "one of the existing world-class stadiums of Miami".
Maldini - who won the European Cup five times during a 24-year career with Milan - added: "I strongly believe in the growth of soccer in the USA, and this is the perfect project to develop a top-class soccer team in one of the most important cities of the world.
Beckham played 20 times on loan for Milan during Maldini's final season in 2009
"Miami has been my second home for 15 years, so I look forward to spending more and more time here.''
Maldini won 126 caps for Italy and reached the final of the World Cup in 1994 which was played in the United States
Beckham, 40, played for MLS side LA Galaxy from 2007 to 2012 and in February 2014 announced he was starting a new Miami-based franchise to play in the MLS.
But plans to build a new stadium on a city waterfront next to a basketball arena were rejected.
In February, Beckham remained confident of his project succeeding. He said: "Delays are frustrating but we will get it right and it will happen."
According to the Finnish Social Affairs Ministry, Helsinki will lower the level of social security for refugees.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Finland will significantly reduce the level of social guarantees provided to refugees in the country, Finnish Social Affairs and Health Minister Hanna Mantylan said Friday.
"We assume that the level of social security [for refugees] will be significantly less than what it has been until now," Mantylan told Finnish broadcaster MTV3.
She added that many refugees failing to integrate into Finnish society could not support themselves and asked for government assistance. She urged for an end to be put to the practice.
© REUTERS / Fabian Bimmer Meet and Greet: Germany Will Individually Interview All Incoming Refugees
On Wednesday, Finnish media reported Helsinki's intention to tighten requirements for refugees to invite their families into the country, as the migrant population is expected to increase significantly if relatives move to Finland.
In recent months, the European Union has been struggling to manage with a massive influx of refugees, many of whom have fled conflicts in the Middle East and North Africa and moved to EU countries, including Finland.
A SET OF guidelines on how to react to cartoons depicting Mohammad has been shared among Muslim communities this morning.
Published by a teacher in London, they have been added to by an Islamic Centre in Ireland following the release of Charlie Hebdo's survivors' edition.
Dublin-based Shaykh Umar Al-Qadri calls for Irish Muslims not to allow hatred creep into their hearts and react with patience, tolerance, gentleness and mercy.
He, however, has also encouraged Muslims to discuss their feelings and their anger with people they know, especially those not of the same faith.
Here are the guidelines, in full, as set out by Shaykh Umar Al-Qadri, the President and Imam of the Al-Mustafa Islamic Educational & Cultural Centre Ireland.
The following points are general guidelines for Muslims in Ireland on how to initially deal with and immediately react to the depiction of Prophet Muhammad in print media due to be published or published already.
1. For every Muslim, Love of the Prophet is a NECESSARY part of his/her FAITH. He is dearer to us than our mothers, fathers, sons & daughters. We prefer him to our own self.
2. The publishing of cartoons that insult or make fun of the Prophet Muhammad will hurt the sentiments of 1.8 billion Muslims around the world, as well as millions of non-Muslims who respect the great personality of Prophet Muhammad (Peace be upon him).
3. Muslims do believe in freedom of speech. And they do respect the right for people to say what they believe to be correct. However, we all know that there is no such thing as absolute free speech.
There are laws to protect the dignity and properties of people. We urge all decent minded Governments and individuals to respect these sensitivities, as we should respect all races and religions.
In the struggle for freedom of speech it was never the intention to extend freedom of speech to making fun of insulting customs, traditions, personalities that are sacred to a particular community.
4. As it is clear that the cartoons are to be published again, Muslims will inevitably be hurt, offended and upset, but our reaction must be a reflection of the teachings of the one we love and are offended for. Enduring patience, tolerance, gentleness and mercy as was the character of our beloved Prophet (peace and Blessings be upon him) is the best and immediate way to respond.
Our aim is to not, inadvertently, give the cartoons more prominence through our attention. Muslims must remain calm and peaceful in their speech and actions. Repel harm with goodness is the Qur'anic imperative and by which the Prophet Muhammad (Peace be upon him) lived.
5. Muslims have to remember that by depicting the Prophet, no one can ever tarnish his image, as he is way beyond what is depicted, as Allah says, ‘We have elevated your remembrance'. We should spend such regrettable moments in reading lots of Durood, sending salawaat and blessings to his beloved personality. May Allah's mercy, peace and blessing be upon his soul.
6. Engage with others about your feelings. Speak of your love for the Prophet and do not be shy to let your non-Muslims friends know your justified anger at the mockery that is made of our faith. People need to know HOW MUCH WE LOVE OUR NABI.
7. Learn more and share more about the great Prophet Muhammed that was said about him by non-Muslims.
8. We should, through our actions and deeds, display the sublime character of the Prophet (peace be upon him). The Prophet faced many great challenges but he exhibited impeccable beauty and character in his actions.
He did not react inhumanely or violently. He was attacked verbally and physically in Taif but he forgave the people. His uncle and companions were murdered but he reacted peacefully and in a humane manner. And there are many such examples from the Life of the Prophet (Peace be upon him) we must display.
9. As Irish citizens we must not allow tragic incidents of Paris for hate to creep into our hearts. Muslims, non-Muslims and people of all backgrounds must come together and show unity and solidarity and not let it divide our communities.
We must remember the statements of the Prophet (peace be upon him) such as:
“Someone who unjustly kills a human cannot attain a whiff of Heaven. (Sahih Bukhari), or, “He who hurts a human hurts me, and he who hurts me annoys Allah.” (Tabarani) And many other similar Hadiths highlighting that Muslims are not allowed to hurt their non-Muslim brothers and sisters in humanity.
10. We must continuously supplicate to Allah that He rectifies our situation. Pray to Him that the chaos, injustice and oppression is lifted from our society. We should pray to Allah so that He makes the World a better, fairer and just place for all. Pray to Him to aid the oppressed and the victims of the oppressors in France and all over the world. Pray that He allows us to contribute to a more peaceful and just world. Sincerely pray at night and beseech Him to protect our honour and our dignity.
Ben Swann has been named anchor at Meredith CBS affiliate WGCL.
Swann left Cincinnati's WXIX in 2013 to focus on his website Truth in Media. It was there he announced his move back to local TV.
“To be given an opportunity to be an Anchor in a city like Atlanta is a chance of a lifetime. I can't wait to get there and get started,” said Swann. “The beauty of this agreement is that I will continue to oversee and contribute to the Truth in Media project, TruthinMedia.com and will be unveiling my own projects, as well as continuing to press hard and demand answers to tough questions in one of the largest television markets in the country.”
Swann also has a facebook page, where his message appeals to everyone from libertarians to truthers. The “about us” section on his website says “Mainstream media has failed to provide an honest representation of current and past events, and the public is fully aware. Your news or vision of current events at home or across the globe must not be leveraged.”
Swann started his career at KFOX in El Paso.
Comments
The drag coefficient is a common measure in automotive design as it pertains to aerodynamics. Drag is a force that acts parallel and in the same direction as the airflow. The drag coefficient of an automobile impacts the way the automobile passes through the surrounding air. When automobile companies design a new vehicle they take into consideration the automobile drag coefficient in addition to the other performance characteristics. Aerodynamic drag increases with the square of speed; therefore it becomes critically important at higher speeds. Reducing the drag coefficient in an automobile improves the performance of the vehicle as it pertains to speed and fuel efficiency.[1] There are many different ways to reduce the drag of a vehicle. A common way to measure the drag of the vehicle is through the drag area.
Reducing drag [ edit ]
The reduction of drag in road vehicles has led to increases in the top speed of the vehicle and the vehicle's fuel efficiency, as well as many other performance characteristics, such as handling and acceleration.[2] The two main factors that impact drag are the frontal area of the vehicle and the drag coefficient. The drag coefficient is a unit-less value that denotes how much an object resists movement through a fluid such as water or air. A potential complication of altering a vehicle's aerodynamics is that it may cause the vehicle to get too much lift. Lift is an aerodynamic force that acts perpendicular to the airflow around the body of the vehicle. Too much lift can cause the vehicle to lose road traction which can be very unsafe.[3] Lowering the drag coefficient comes from streamlining the exterior body of the vehicle. Streamlining the body requires assumptions about the surrounding airspeed and characteristic use of the vehicle.
Deletion [ edit ]
The deletion of parts on a vehicle is an easy way for designers and vehicle owners to reduce parasitic and frontal drag of the vehicle with little cost and effort. Deletion can be as simple as removing an aftermarket part, or part that has been installed on the vehicle after production, or having to modify and remove an OEM part, meaning any part of the vehicle that was originally manufactured on the vehicle. Most production sports cars and high efficiency vehicles come standard with many of these deletions in order to be competitive in the automotive and race market, while others choose to keep these drag-increasing aspects of the vehicle for their visual aspects, or to fit the typical uses of their customer base.[4]
Roof rack [ edit ]
A roof rack is a common trait on many SUV and station wagon vehicles. While roof racks are very useful in carrying extra storage on a vehicle, they also increase the frontal area of the vehicle and increase the drag coefficient. This is because the air flows over the top of the vehicle, following the smooth lines of the hood and windshield, then collides with the roof rack and causes turbulence. The removal of this part has led to increases in fuel efficiency in several studies.[5]
Mud flaps [ edit ]
Mudflaps are now rarely specified as standard on production cars as they interfere with the clean airflow around the vehicle. For larger vehicles such as trucks, mud flaps are still important for their control of spray, and in 2010 a new version of the mud flap was introduced that has been shown to create significantly less aerodynamic drag than standard mud flaps.
Rear spoiler [ edit ]
A rear spoiler usually comes standard in most sports vehicles and resembles the shape of a raised wing in the rear of the vehicle. The main purpose of a rear spoiler in a vehicle's design is to counteract lift, thereby increasing stability at higher speeds. In order to achieve the lowest possible drag, air must flow around the streamlined body of the vehicle without coming into contact with any areas of possible turbulence. A rear spoiler design that stands off the rear deck lid will increase downforce, reducing lift at high speeds while incurring a drag penalty. Flat spoilers, possibly angled slightly downward may reduce turbulence and thereby reduce the coefficient of drag.[6] Some cars now feature automatically adjustable rear spoilers, so at lower speed the effect on drag is reduced when the benefits of reduced lift are not required.
Side mirrors [ edit ]
Side mirrors both increase the frontal area of the vehicle and increase the coefficient of drag since they protrude from the side of the vehicle.[7][8] In order to decrease the impact that side mirrors have on the drag of the vehicle the side mirrors can be replaced with smaller mirrors or mirrors with a different shape. Several concept cars of the 2010s are replacing mirrors with tiny cameras[9] but this option is not common for production cars because most countries require side mirrors.
Radio antenna [ edit ]
While they do not have the biggest impact on the drag coefficient due to their small size, radio antennas commonly found protruding from the front of the vehicle can be relocated and changed in design to rid the car of this added drag. The most common replacement for the standard car antenna is the shark fin antenna found in most high efficiency vehicles.[10]
Windshield wipers [ edit ]
The effect that windshield wipers have on a vehicles airflow varies between vehicles; however, they are often omitted from race vehicles and high efficiency concepts in order to maintain the smallest possible coefficient of drag. A much more common option is to replace the windshield wipers with lower profile wipers, or to only remove the windshield wiper on the passenger side of the vehicle, and even to fabricate a deflector to deflect the air up and over the wipers.[11]
Another alternative is to equip the vehicle with a single wiper placed in the centre of the windshield, allowing it to cover both sides of the windshield. This mitigates the amount of drag by decreasing the frontal area of the blade. While such application may be useful for racing, for most road vehicles this would produce minimal improvement in overall drag reduction.
Fabrication [ edit ]
The application of new parts and concepts onto the vehicle design are easier to include when in the design stage of a vehicle, rather than in aftermarket (automotive) parts, however, the fabrication of these parts assists in the streamlining of the vehicle and can help greatly reduce the drag of the vehicle. Most vehicles with very low drag coefficients, such as race cars and high efficiency concept cars, apply these ideas to their design.[12]
Wheel covers [ edit ]
Hyundai Sonata Hybrid alloy wheel
When air flows around the wheel wells it gets disturbed by the rims of the vehicles and forms an area of turbulence around the wheel. In order for the air to flow more smoothly around the wheel well, smooth wheel covers are often applied. Smooth wheel covers are hub caps with no holes in them for air to pass through. This design reduces drag; however, it may cause the brakes to heat up more quickly because the covers prevent airflow around the brake system. As a result, this modification is more commonly seen in high efficiency vehicles rather than sports cars or racing vehicles.[13]
Air curtains [ edit ]
2017 Land Rover Discovery with front air curtains
Air curtains divert air flow from slots in the body and guide it towards the outside edges of the wheel wells.[14][15][16]
Partial grille block [ edit ]
The front grille of a vehicle is used to direct air directly into the engine compartment. In a streamlined design the air flows around the vehicle rather than through; however, the grille of a vehicle redirects airflow from around the vehicle to through the vehicle, which then increases the drag. In order to reduce this impact a grille block is often used. A grille block covers up a portion of, or the entirety of, the front grille of a vehicle. In most high efficiency models or in vehicles with low drag coefficients, a very small grille will already be built into the vehicle's design, eliminating the need for a grille block. The grille in most production vehicles is generally designed to maximize air flow into the engine compartment to keep it from overheating. This design can actually create too much airflow into the engine compartment, preventing it from warming up in a timely manner, and in such cases a grille block is used to increase engine performance and reduce vehicle drag simultaneously.[17][page needed]
Under tray [ edit ]
The underside of a vehicle often traps air in various places and adds turbulence around the vehicle. In most racing vehicles this is eliminated by covering the entire underside of the vehicle in what is called an under tray. This tray prevents any air from becoming trapped under the vehicle and reduces drag.[13]
Fender skirts [ edit ]
Fender skirts are often made as extensions of the body panels of the vehicles and cover the entire wheel wells. Much like smooth wheel covers this modification reduces the drag of the vehicle by preventing any air from becoming trapped in the wheel well and assists in streamlining the body of the vehicle. Fender skirts are more commonly found on the rear wheel wells of a vehicle because the tires do not turn and the design is much simpler. This is commonly seen in vehicles such as the first generation Honda Insight. Front fender skirts have the same effect on reducing drag as the rear wheel skirts, but must be further offset from the body in order to compensate for the tire sticking out from the body of the vehicle as turns are made.[13]
Modified front bumper [ edit ]
The front bumper is the first part of the vehicle that the air must flow around. Therefore, it plays a crucial role in reducing drag. A front air dam is often used which extends from the very front of the vehicle down to the lowest part of the vehicle. This is done to direct airflow around and over the vehicle rather than allowing air to travel under it. Contoured deflectors, or tire spats, are often made as part of the front bumper in order to direct airflow around the tire without having any increase to the outward flow.
Boattails and Kammbacks [ edit ]
A boattail can greatly reduce a vehicle's total drag. Boattails create a teardrop shape that will give the vehicle a more streamlined profile, reducing the occurrence of drag inducing flow separation.[18] A kammback is a truncated boattail. It is created as an extension of the rear of the vehicle, moving the rear backward at a slight angle toward the bumper of the car. This can reduce drag as well but a boattail would reduce the vehicles drag more. Nonetheless, for practical and style reasons, a kammback is more commonly seen in racing, high efficiency vehicles, and trucking.[19]
Typical drag coefficients [ edit ]
The average modern automobile achieves a drag coefficient of between 0.25 and 0.3. SUVs, with their typically boxy shapes, typically achieve a C d =0.35–0.45. The drag coefficient of a vehicle is affected by the shape of body of the vehicle. Various other characteristics affect the coefficient of drag as well, and are taken into account in these examples. Some sports cars have a surprisingly high drag coefficient (Such as the Ariel Atom at 0.40), but this is to compensate for the amount of lift the vehicle generates, while others use aerodynamics to their advantage to gain speed and as a result have much lower drag coeffecients.
Some examples of C d follow. Figures given are generally for the basic model, which may not be available in some markets. Some "high performance" models may actually have higher drag, due to wider tires, extra spoilers and larger cooling systems as many basic / low power models have half size radiators with the remaining area blanked off to reduce cooling and engine bay drag.
The C d of a given vehicle will vary depending on which wind tunnel it is measured in. Variations of up to 5% have been documented[20] and variations in test technique and analysis can also make a difference. So if the same vehicle with a drag coefficient of C d =0.30 was measured in a different tunnel it could be anywhere from C d =0.285 to C d =0.315.
Drag area [ edit ]
While designers pay attention to the overall shape of the automobile, they also bear in mind that reducing the frontal area of the shape helps reduce the drag. The product of drag coefficient and area - drag area - is represented as C d A (or C x A), a multiplication of the C d value by the area.
The term drag area derives from aerodynamics, where it is the product of some reference area (such as cross-sectional area, total surface area, or similar) and the drag coefficient. In 2003, Car and Driver magazine adopted this metric as a more intuitive way to compare the aerodynamic efficiency of various automobiles.
The force required to overcome drag is: 1 2 × air density × drag coefficient × reference area × speed 2 {\displaystyle {\tfrac {1}{2}}\times {\text{air density}}\times {\text{drag coefficient}}\times {\text{reference area}}\times {\text{speed}}^{2}} Therefore: 1 2 × air density × drag area × speed 2 {\displaystyle {\tfrac {1}{2}}\times {\text{air density}}\times \mathbf {\text{drag area}} \times {\text{speed}}^{2}} Where the drag coefficient and reference area have been collapsed into the drag area term. This allows direct estimation of the drag force at a given speed for any vehicle for which only the drag area is known and therefore easier comparison.
As drag area C d A is the fundamental value that determines power required for a given cruise speed it is a critical parameter for fuel consumption at a steady speed. This relation also allows an estimation of the new top speed of a car with a tuned engine,
estimated top speed = original top speed × new power original power 3 {\displaystyle {\text{estimated top speed}}={\text{original top speed}}\times {\sqrt[{3}]{\frac {\text{new power}}{\text{original power}}}}}
Or the power required for a target top speed,
power required = original power × ( target speed original speed ) 3 {\displaystyle {\text{power required}}={\text{original power}}\times \left({\frac {\text{target speed}}{\text{original speed}}}\right)^{3}}
Average full-size passenger cars have a drag area of roughly 8.50 sq ft (0.790 m2). Reported drag areas range from the 1999 Honda Insight at 5.1 sq ft (0.47 m2) to the 2003 Hummer H2 at 26.5 sq ft (2.46 m2). The drag area of a bicycle (and rider) is also in the range of 6.5–7.5 sq ft (0.60–0.70 m2).[194]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
The fate of Obamacare may lie in the hands of a number-crunching Republican appointee whose bottom line might single-handedly blow up the GOP quest to repeal and replace it.
Congressional Budget Office Director Keith Hall was handpicked two years ago by top Republicans in Congress— including now Health and Human Service Secretary Tom Price — to lead a nonpartisan office that will soon release its estimate of how many Americans the Republican health care bill will cover and whether it shrinks or balloons the federal deficit.
Story Continued Below
With the House repeal bill under attack by Republican moderates worrying about coverage and conservatives fuming about entitlements and spending, the CBO assessment will matter. It's widely expected early next week.
Hall, in the post for two years, has signaled that his office won't soft-pedal the coverage assessments. If a health plan doesn't have comprehensive benefits, it won't count as coverage. Fearing a bad CBO "score," Republicans facing backlash in their drive to gut Obamacare are turning the budget agency and its team of professional economic analysts into a punching bag as they try to discredit it.
President Donald Trump hasn't directed any of his tweet fury — #FAKESCORES? — at Hall. But the White House press secretary has landed jabs.
“If you're looking to the CBO for accuracy, you're looking in the wrong place,” Sean Spicer said Wednesday at a briefing where the CBO came up repeatedly. “They were way, way off last time in every aspect of how they scored and projected Obamacare.”
Hall wouldn't grant an interview. His predecessor, Democratic appointee Douglas Elmendorf, said roughly 40 people across different CBO divisions were involved in evaluating Obamacare's impact. A former CBO staffer estimated that the number assessing the Republican American Health Care Act repeal bill is probably much smaller, about 10 or 15 people. CBO declined to comment.
Hall and former CBO directors have defended the office's work as an unbiased view into how legislation affects the budget and overall economy, although the office has been dinged over its Obamacare estimates, which have undergone several revisions (some in response to changes the Republicans or courts made to the 2010 law such as making state Medicaid expansion optional). Yet Hall may end up being an unlikely hero for Democrats as they try to stop Republicans' bill from becoming law.
The political limelight is not Hall's natural milieu, and his professional history didn't set him up to be a GOP foil. He's a measured, conservative labor economist who worked at the White House Council of Economic Advisers and the Bureau of Labor Statistics under President George W. Bush. He also did a stint at the right-leaning Mercatus Center think tank.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Liberals were frosty when congressional Republicans — including Price, then chairman of the House Budget Committee — selected him to lead CBO in February 2015. He was on record as arguing that Obamacare was detrimental to the U.S. labor market, and also criticized proposals to raise the minimum wage.
“Based on Mr. Hall's writings, it appears that we have very different views on a range of issues, and he would not have been my first choice,” Sen. Bernie Sanders said at the time. “His opposition to increasing the minimum wage and his resistance to sound strategies for eliminating poverty place him outside the mainstream.”
But Hall has sometimes surprised.
CBO Director Keith Hall, right, so far seems unperturbed by the repeal and replace fuss. | Getty
He was appointed to head CBO as Republicans in Congress revised rules for how the office would assess the impacts of legislation — a switch to what's known as “dynamic scoring,” which lets CBO incorporate broader economic effects of proposed policy changes. Yet Hall's use of that technique hasn't always resulted in estimates that help the GOP agenda.
Notably, the CBO two years ago said fully repealing Obamacare would boost the federal deficit by $353 billion over 10 years. Even with “dynamic scoring,” the office still put the repeal price tag at $137 billion. That's not the message Republicans were looking for as they attacked the law as money-guzzling big government.
And in one highly significant report in December — which set up the possible upcoming clash with the Republican Congress — Hall's CBO said it wouldn't count skimpy health plans as coverage in its scores. In other words, people with limited health care benefits that are unlikely to protect them against expensive or catastrophic medical events won't meet the CBO standards for health coverage.
That means the CBO score of a Republican plan is almost certain to be less favorable than that of Obamacare.
“Members of Congress are often frustrated with CBO's estimates of the effects of legislation because those estimates sometimes make it more difficult for those members to advance legislation they believe in,” said Elmendorf, who led the CBO from 2009 to 2015.
Under Elmendorf, the CBO also ruffled Democratic lawmakers' feathers, in particular when it said the labor market would have 2 million fewer workers in 2025 because of the health care law. Republicans immediately used those findings to claim that Obamacare killed 2 million jobs.
Further back, a tough assessment — including a blunt statement about the expanded role of government in health care — by CBO Director Robert Reischauer in 1994 was one of many events that doomed the health reform initiative of President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton.
But Hall so far seems unperturbed by the repeal-and-replace fuss. Two former colleagues both described himj as “unflappable,” and noted that though he has free-market economic views, he's never been partisan in any of his Washington roles.
“This is just a time when you need someone like Keith who is calm and steady,” said Charles Blahous, a senior research fellow at Mercatus and a former Social Security and Medicare trustee. “That doesn't mean that CBO's going to get everything perfect. But I think it would be very, very bad for the current debate if the CBO director were viewed as an advocate. Then you'd really have a problem.”
Benjamin Page, whose work for the CBO spanned from Reischauer in the 1990s to Hall and who is now at the Urban Institute, stressed the professionalism of his former colleagues, no matter who is running Congress.
“I can't say enough about the analysts,” Page said. "People really care there about getting the answer right.”
(CNN) Two years ago, a Georgia family's nightmare became a front-page mystery. Twenty-two-month-old Cooper Harris died after being left in the sweltering back seat of a car in June 2014 while his father, Justin Ross Harris, was at work. What seemed like a tragic accident took a shocking turn when, three months later, a Georgia grand jury indicted Harris on charges of murder.
The case so far has been an emotional one, with the defense saying Harris was a loving father who experienced a tragic -- but not unheard of -- breach of memory. The prosecution, on the other hand, says Harris knew his son was in the car, and may have had personal reasons for wanting the boy out of his life.
While the case centers on Cooper's death, prosecutors plan to introduce evidence to support allegations that the churchgoing 35-year-old regularly sought sexual fulfillment outside his marriage and maintained a sordid online presence.
Jury selection in Harris' trial is scheduled to start today.
In May, Judge Mary Staley agreed to move the trial from Cobb County in metro Atlanta, saying that the defense made a "substantive showing" that extensive publicity may have prejudiced jurors.
Harris' trial will be heard in Brunswick, a south Georgia coastal city, about 300 miles away from Cobb County.
Here's an overview of the case.
The death of Cooper Harris
JUST WATCHED Who is Justin Ross Harris? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Who is Justin Ross Harris? 02:03
On June 18, 2014, Justin Ross Harris, then 33, strapped his son Cooper into his rear-facing carseat in the back seat of the car. Harris then drove the pair from their Marietta, Georgia, home to a nearby Chick-fil-A. Afterward, instead of dropping Cooper off at his day care, which was minutes from the restaurant, Harris continued to The Home Depot corporate headquarters where he worked. At 9:25 a.m. Harris arrived at work, leaving Cooper strapped in his car seat.
Later that morning, Harris and some co-workers left the corporate campus to go to lunch. Upon returning at approximately 12:45 that afternoon, Harris went to his car and opened the door to put away some lightbulbs he had bought during the lunch break. The defense says Harris did not notice his son, still in the backseat. According to medical examiners, Cooper was likely already dead.
Sometime after 4 p.m., when Harris was driving toward a theater where he was supposed to see a movie, Harris says he noticed his son.
Harris pulled into a shopping center parking lot roughly seven minutes after leaving the Home Depot campus. He pulled Cooper's lifeless body from the car. His screams attracted a crowd of onlookers, some of whom called 911 and others of whom attempted to help Harris administer first aid to Cooper.
Witnesses said Harris was hyperventilating and screaming. Cobb County police Detective Phillip Stoddard testified that Harris swore at police when they arrived at the scene. Harris attempted to call his then-wife and Cooper's mother, Leanna Harris, but he did not get an answer.
Meanwhile, Leanna Harris was already headed to the day care where her husband was supposed to have dropped off Cooper. When she learned Cooper had never arrived, witnesses said she came to an immediate conclusion.
"Ross must have left him in the car," she's reported as saying . "There's no other explanation. Ross must have left him in the car."
At 10 p.m., Justin Ross Harris was arrested. An autopsy later confirmed that Cooper Harris died of hyperthermia.
Suspicions and indictment
JUST WATCHED Police replicate toddler's hot car death Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Police replicate toddler's hot car death 02:20
Every year, there are dozens of recorded cases of parents accidentally leaving their children in the back of cars. At first, news of Cooper's death seemed to be part of this phenomenon.
However, in September, a grand jury returned an eight-count indictment against Justin Ross Harris. The charges included malice murder, two counts of felony murder and cruelty to children in the first degree.
Some of the charges in Harris' indictment stemmed not from Cooper's death, but from Harris' alleged habit of sending sexual text messages to underage girls. According to prosecutors, Harris was having these illicit chats with as many as six women on the day his son died.
Investigators found Harris made online searches in the days before Cooper's death related directly to babies in hot cars, and one search for "how to survive prison."
When Harris was being held at the police precinct the day of Cooper's death, Detective Stoddard said he seemed preoccupied with his own fate.
"It was all about him: 'I can't believe this is happening to me. Why am I being punished for this?'"
Stoddard also said Leanna Harris asked her husband, "Did you say too much?"
Investigators for the prosecution questioned details of the incident. They conducted tests that showed Harris could have seen Cooper in the back seat of the car from his position in the front seat. They also discovered Harris received a group email that day from Cooper's day care that apparently failed to jog his memory.
Upon signing off on the indictment, Cobb County Chief Magistrate Frank Cox also remarked that Harris should have noticed that "the stench in the car was overwhelming" upon entering the car that afternoon.
Infidelity and online activity
Strange Web searches weren't the only remarkable things about Justin Ross Harris' online life. An investigation into his Internet habits found Harris was active on several dating sites, as well as messaging apps like Kik and Whisper.
At a hearing in February, the prosecution alleged Harris met with prostitutes and other women in the days before his son died. The assistant district attorney in the case said Harris' sexual behavior interrupted time he spent with Cooper , citing a time when Harris allegedly sent pictures of his genitalia to women while attending an Atlanta Braves baseball game with his son.
Divorce and second indictment
JUST WATCHED Cops allegedly find hot car search by dad Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Cops allegedly find hot car search by dad 01:13
Evidence showed Leanna Harris was previously aware of her husband's infidelity. She filed for divorce in February 2016 , saying "the marriage is irretrievably broken."
In March 2016, the Cobb County district attorney indicted Harris on eight additional counts related to his sexual activity with minors, including two counts of sexual exploitation of minors.
What happens next?
Cobb District Attorney Vic Reynolds said his team was disappointed in the change of venue, but that, "whenever and wherever this case is set for trial, the state will be ready."
Both the prosecution and defense will now meet to see if they can agree on a venue within the state of Georgia. If they can't agree, the decision again falls to the judge. The Harrises lived in Cobb County.
If Harris is convicted of murder, he faces life in prison. The prosecution has chosen not to seek the death penalty.
Teacher apprenticeship can take many different forms, but at its core it means pairing a beginner teacher with an experienced “master teacher” who can both demonstrate effective teaching techniques—a good transition between a lesson and independent practice, for example—and then help the beginner adopt these techniques, reflect on them, and eventually forge his or her own unique style.
Will's master's degree classes at Penn are often interesting discussions on pedagogical theory, but they rarely relate to his teaching practice. Even his classes on math education focus only on the theory of teaching math to a broad range of ages, which doesn't help Will with tomorrow's lesson plan. These meditative sessions would benefit a veteran teacher far more than they do a novice one.
Though both Penn and Teach for America rightly stress coaching teachers in the classroom, neither Penn's observer (who came six times in the first year) nor Teach for America's (who comes once a month) has an intricate-enough knowledge of the nuances of Will's classroom to be effective. They know, for example, that targeting questions is important, but don't know the individual students' needs (or even names) well enough to suggest which students to target. Though well intentioned and supportive, their feedback tends to center on abstractions like “vision” or policy issues like “the achievement gap.”
Virtually all beginner teachers, in our experience, meanwhile, agree that what they need more than abstract social and pedagogical lectures are tangible techniques and granular-level coaching. They need Band-Aids, not meditations on hematology.
Fortunately for Will, he teaches at a charter school that does something innovative and different. At Will's school, the top master teachers are given an additional free period to observe and train new teachers—not in pedagogical theory, but in tools such as how to support individual students (“Elijah's parents are responsive”); content-specific tricks (“here's a way to explain how to derive the distance formula from the Pythagorean theorem”); or school-specific techniques (“this is how our school manages half-days”).
New teachers at Will's school are required to observe master teachers as well. Each shares a room with a master teacher, observing him or her teaching each lesson and replicating that lesson the next day under the master teacher's close watch. After the lesson, the two reflect on what went well, why certain choices were made in content and delivery, and prep for the next day. Over time, the beginner teacher grows increasingly able to take the reins on lesson planning and begins to cultivate his or her unique style.
That kind of interaction is the essence of well-structured teacher apprenticeship: nuanced feedback aimed at specific situations. You said “length” as opposed to “distance” in that lesson—why? Could you have integrated parts from a lesson on fractions three months ago into today's? Are you including the right special education material? In order to ask such targeted questions, the coach must have experience at the same school with similar content. And the feedback must be inscribed within a reflective dialogue—as Katherine Merseth, senior lecturer and director of Harvard Graduate School of Education's Teacher Education Program, puts it: “You want the observer to have the awareness that [the master teacher] chose A instead of B, C, D, and E, and to understand why. Because the next time, when I'm all by myself and I haven't seen the lesson taught before, and I have A, B, C, D, E—how do I know which one to do?”
If you've watched the first trailer for FIFA 18 (see below) then you're already aware that EA is shaking things up with its next instalment of digitised footy: more Frostbite, more Journey, more personality, and – finally! – Ultimate Team legends losing their Xbox exclusivity. But GamesRadar+ can go one better than a short video. Because I've played it.
Below, then, after a day-long hands-on behind closed doors at Stamford Bridge, and interviews with key devs, are my responses to your questions on all of the above and more. This is, right now, every detail worth knowing about FIFA 18…
Alex Hunter's second season - carried over Mass Effect/MLB: The Show style or NBA2k-style starting again with a new story/player?May 30, 2017
Alex Hunter's second season - carried over Mass Effect/MLB: The Show style or NBA2k-style starting again with a new story/player?
Martyn Cox
The Journey's second season is titled ‘Hunter Returns', which probably answers this question in two words.
Let's not leave it there, however, as EA has teased plenty of further details on the return of Adetomiwa Edun's digital alter-ago. If you played, and completed, the mode in FIFA 17 then you'll pick up where you left off – Crystal Palace, for me – with rumours of Hunter looking to leave the club, and fans booing him as he prepares to come off the bench during an early-season appearance. From there, EA says you'll be taken across “the world of football”, with the US (specifically, Los Angeles) and Brazil teased as potential locations in artwork I've seen.
The mode is now split into six chapters, each of which features multiple goals. No word on the rewards for those goals, but expect Ultimate Team treats much like last year. It's Hunter's story, but you'll be able to play as other characters along the way – and a mate can jump in to individual games for a spot of co-op if you feel like mixing things up.
While you can't play as a generic version of you, full user customisation has been implemented. Hunter's face isn't changeable, obviously, but in a manner that appears to ape GTA you can switch up any or all items in his wardrobe, such as shirts, hoodies, and shoes. Best of all is the option to amend his hairstyle – Paul Pogba's leopard print monstrosity is one of the unlockable choices.
Cristiano Ronaldo features in the mode this year – which could mean Madrid is another potential location, or simply that you play Real in a friendly – and EA says that you'll come across him, and other big names, much earlier in the story. In terms of length, creative director Matt Prior says it'll be in the 12-15 hour realm, much like last year.
“It's of similar length,” says Prior. “Not a kick of the ball is scripted, everything is under your control. But that length is variable. If you don't do well and you're in the reserves you'll skip a bunch of games until you get back in. Do really well and you start every game [prolonging the mode].”
Do players respond quicker to actions. Like passing, heading or shooting, not with a huge delay or w/o him doing it at all.May 30, 2017
Has EA fixed how clunky, slow and poor FIFA is? Is the AI smarter, and does it actually represent football in terms of player runs, positioning, etc?
Andy H
Describing FIFA 17 as clunky and slow is a touch harsh, but it's fair to say that some of its animations could appear stuttery – such as forwards awkwardly shifting their bodyweight to volley an aerial ball. With that in mind, EA has completely rewritten the game's entire animation model, and is now using a system it terms ‘motion technology'. In FIFA 17, every player footstep triggered a new animation; now it's every single frame.
As a result, running motions look more authentic, but it's the feel of the game which – crucially – has taken the biggest step forwards. Attacking players can beat opponents with a subtle change of angle or sudden blast of pace, while defenders no longer get locked into a direction when going in for a tackle. Essentially everything handles more smoothly, on both sides of the ball.
New AI intelligence is another big area of focus, according to EA. In FIFA 17, players suffered from tunnel vision: they'd make what they perceived to be the best run, even if a team-mate was doing the same thing. Now they've much more awareness of other team-mates' off-the-ball movements, and will react accordingly.
So if you have the ball on the left-hand side, ten yards outside the opposition's box, you might see a striker make a run in behind, your left winger pull his full-back out wide, and your left-back move into space behind you as a safety option. In practise, it means you always have a tempting attacking choice, and one for recycling possession. That's great, but in itself poses a fresh challenge for EA: ensuring that online matches don't turn into ping-pong-passing exhibition games when a team goes 1-0 up with ten minutes to go.
Can we get dedicated servers & less handicapping/momentum or whatever it is during matches, especially in FUT Champs.May 30, 2017
Can we get dedicated servers and less handicapping/momentum or whatever it is during matches, especially in FUT Champions?
Gavin Bailey
Server amendments – if indeed there are any – are a topic EA plans to discuss at a later date.
With regards to momentum, it's something even I swear I've come across in FIFA 17 – for instance conceding a last-minute equaliser to Inter Milan goalkeeper Samir Handanovic, in a game where I needed three points to win a FUT offline league. Even so, Prior insists there is zero scripting in the engine.
“There isn't momentum, or scripting,” says Prior. “It's something I get asked all the time, and I guarantee that there isn't. What you will find is that, just like in real world football, there are occasions where things happen that mightn't be obvious. I'm a Man City fan; last season we played Middlesbrough and had something like 80 per cent possession, yet they scored with their first shot on goal. If that happened in FIFA, the conclusion would be ‘It's scripted! it's cheating!' but the reality is it's just football. Unexpected moments are part of the beauty of football, and our game is a representation of football.”
What I do notice during my hands-on is that a. I concede multiple goes direct from kick-offs immediately after scoring, and b. Around 50 per cent of the goals I score or let in across the game are from corners. One day's play forms too small a sample size to reach any conclusions, but it's something to keep an eye on come the game's September release.
Please tell me they have expanded The Journey? Also, have they made it so teams play different styles, like PES teams do?May 30, 2017
Please tell me they have expanded The Journey? Also, have they made it so teams play different styles, like PES teams do?
Jon Ellacott
Yes to your question regarding The Journey, as tackled earlier on.
Yes, also, to making teams adopt varied tactics, at least in theory. Every one of FIFA 18's teams is assigned a specific attacking and defensive style, as outlined by lead gameplay producer Sam Rivera: “There are hundreds of teams in the game, so we cannot have [a completely unique style] for every single team. Instead, we are focussing on five different attacking styles, and five different defending ones.”
“For attacking there's Tiki Taka, Long Balls, Counter Attack, Dribbling and Crossing, and a more generic mix of the above,” continues Rivera. “For defending we have Catenaccio, Harass, Double Contain, The Turtle – which means everyone staying at the back – and, again, a more generic style. Our data collection will look at every team, and then match the styles to each team in the game.”
I've played with, and against, eight teams – Chelsea and Man City at the top end of the game, Toronto and LA Galaxy slightly further away from the elite – and can report that each feels less predictable than in FIFA 17. Chelsea shifts the ball wide to wing-backs Alonso and Moses impressively often, as in real life, while Sterling and De Bruyne are keen to run at my full-backs for City. Fitting, as Rivera is keen to point out that further differentiation between teams will come from specific individual traits.
“Within those team attacking and defensive styles, individual player skills are going to be considered,” he says. “For example, Barcelona will play Tiki Taka, but once in a while Messi will beat five players without passing. You will see that [player individuality]. Ronaldo will try to dribble and shoot, and do everything by himself. That type of personality will affect team [uniqueness].”
Have you sorted out the FIFA 17 penalties? They were shiteJune 4, 2017
Have you sorted out the FIFA 17 penalties?
'Mooreso1981'
Um, I personally haven't. Mercifully, EA has. The penalties technique used in FIFA 17 returns, but without the need to push forward on the left stick to begin your run-up, and with a much more forgiving aiming model. You still put the ball wide if you aim too far right with a club-footed full-back, whereas the best takers are likely to find the corners of the net rather than punt the ball towards the corner flag. Rivera says his team is still working on the perfect balance, but the mechanic already feels much less punitive than in FIFA 17.
Any Scottish stadiums in this year?June 4, 2017
Any Scottish stadiums this year?
Owen G
There's nothing to report on grounds north of the border, but Prior has confirmed two new stadiums: Brighton's Amex Stadium, and Huddersfield's John Smith's Stadium. Here's our news story with more details. Los Angeles' Stubhub Center is also 100 per cent in – one of the matches I played during my hands-on was LA Galaxy vs Toronto, in that digitised location. And with bespoke MLS-style presentation overlays, which look bold and colourful and as American as a Hacksaw Jim Duggan chant. In the best way possible.
Is FIFA18 going to be more rewarding to play this year? FIFA17 gameplay not fun at all. Journey and presentation was top notch tho.May 30, 2017
Is FIFA 18 going to be more rewarding to play this year? FIFA 17 gameplay was not fun at all. Journey and presentation was top notch though.
Mike Kebby
I thoroughly enjoyed my first day with it, but – cards on table time – played much more FIFA 17 than PES 2017. (600+ games of Ultimate Team, to be precise.) So I won't commit just yet to saying it's the game that'll make you switch sides.
EA says it's targeting four specific gameplay pillars: responsiveness, explosiveness, fluidity, and personality. There's evidence of all of these as I play, to varying degrees. As mentioned above, fluidity is delivered by the new, seamless motion system, while Messi and Ronaldo and even Raheem Sterling scream personality – they finally feel like the individual players they're supposed to represent. The challenge for EA will be filtering that down to, say, Championship or Scottish Premier League level.
‘Responsiveness' is the feature I'm most impressed by. I've spent years frustrated at FIFA's inability to get a shot away the instant you press square/circle (depending on your control scheme) – now everything feels seamless. Get an inch of space in the box and you can have a pop before a defender can recover. Similarly you can cross immediately after beating a man, rather than the game giving your opponent an extra split-second in which to catch up with your inputs. It's hugely refreshing.
It's not quite so simple to pin down ‘explosiveness' at this stage, but the ability to beat a man with a sudden change of pace certainly fits into that category.
One additional thing I'd throw into the mix is visuals. Year two of Frostbite makes the game look astonishing, and that's a claim I don't make lightly. We expect annual upgrades in this department, of course, but FIFA 18 goes above and beyond.
Player likenesses in replays pack incredible detail – Eden Hazard's facial bumfluff looks like you could stroke it through the screen – while stadiums sing with lifelike touches. Right down to individual members of the crowd: run to the ad hoardings after a goal and you now see them run down steps or leap over seats to try to hug you. I do this a dozen times across the day, grinning like an idiot on each occasion.
Is fifa legends finally coming to ps4?May 30, 2017
If FIFA Legends finally coming to PS4?
John Bourne
Yes! After years of Xbox exclusivity, Ultimate Team legends are bound for PS4 and PC. And the first to be revealed is a biggie (and not only in terms of his post-career hamburger munching): three-times world player of the year Ronaldo. As in, Luís Nazário de Lima rather than Cristiano. Here's the full lowdown.
More Ultimate Team details are expected ahead of Gamescom in August, but this is a hugely promising start. It's also only the beginning of GamesRadar+'s coverage; we'll have plenty more on FIFA 18, including every exhaustive detail I can muster on FUT and The Journey 2, between now and its September 29 release date.
The Journey 2 isn't the only big interactive tale coming to an annual sports game – click here for extended details on new Madden 18 story mode Longshot, direct from developer EA Tiburon.
It's an unsolved case that hasn't stopped haunting him.
Years after she went missing, prosecutors argued Durst was hiding out from investigators digging into that case when he killed a neighbor, dismembered the body and skipped town. Jurors acquitted him in a high-profile 2003 murder trial after his lawyers said he'd acted in self-defense.
Now the 71-year-old millionaire real estate heir from one of New York's wealthiest families is behind bars, accused of murder again in another case that some say is tied to his wife's disappearance.
FBI agents arrested Durst Saturday night in New Orleans. Investigators say they believe he was behind the 2000 slaying of Susan Berman, a crime writer and Durst's longtime friend, who was shot dead in her Beverly Hills home.
"As a result of investigative leads and additional evidence that has come to light in the past year, investigators have identified Robert Durst as the person responsible for Ms. Berman's death," Los Angeles Police said in a statement Sunday.
Police, who described him as a "cold case murder suspect," didn't specify what new evidence pointed them toward Durst.
The arrest comes amid heightened interest in the eccentric heir, who's now the focus of the HBO documentary series "The Jinx," which explores whether he had any connection to his wife's disappearance and investigators' suspicions that Berman was killed because she knew what happened to her.
Durst has long maintained he didn't kill Berman or have anything to do with his wife's disappearance.
Investigators found him Saturday at the JW Marriott hotel in New Orleans, where he was staying under a false name and was carrying a fake driver's license, according to a law enforcement official who's been briefed on the case. He'd paid in cash, and authorities believe he was preparing to leave the country and flee to Cuba, the official said.
He was jailed without bond and was awaiting an extradition hearing Monday morning.
"We will waive extradition and get to Los Angeles as soon as possible to answer the charges," Chip Lewis, Durst's lawyer, told CNN on Sunday.
Durst's brother said in a written statement that he was thankful for the arrest.
"We are relieved and also grateful to everyone who assisted in the arrest of Robert Durst," Douglas Durst said. "We hope he will finally be held accountable for all he has done."
A history of accusations
Accusations about what Robert Durst has done depend on who you ask.
His one-time wife, Kathie Durst, went missing in 1982. No one has been charged in her disappearance. And according to The New York Times , she's been declared legally dead. Robert Durst has said the last time he saw her was when he dropped her off at a train station in Westchester, New York, so she could head back to medical school in the city. He secretly divorced her in 1990, Court TV reported
Her family has said Robert Durst is to blame for her disappearance and hailed his arrest over the weekend as a sign they could be close to getting answers.
"The dominoes of justice are now starting to fall," Jim McCormack, her brother, said on Sunday. "Through our faith, hope and prayers the last domino will bring closure and justice for Kathie."
This isn't Durst's first run-in with the law.
In 2003, he admitted he'd killed and dismembered Morris Black, his neighbor in Galveston, Texas, but argued he'd shot Black in self-defense during a struggle.
Prosecutors argued he'd planned Black's killing in order to steal his identity and escape the attention of New York investigators looking into his wife's disappearance.
Durst testified that he hid out in Galveston and posed as a mute woman because he was afraid as he faced increasing scrutiny in the case, Court TV reported at the time
"It seemed to me the big problem was Robert Durst," he said, referring to himself in the third-person. "I wanted to not be Robert Durst."
Durst is an heir to a fortune thanks to his family's New York City real estate investments.
The Durst Organization was founded by his grandfather and is now run by his brother and cousin. After a civil lawsuit in 2006, Robert Durst cut ties with his family and 10 Manhattan skyscrapers in return for a $65 million settlement, The New York Times reported
In 2000, his friend and longtime confidant, Susan Berman, was killed in her California home. The killing, CNN's sister network HLN reported in 2012 , occurred just after police reopened the investigation into Kathleen Durst's disappearance.
"She was a confidante of Robert Durst. She knew him well. They knew each other and were very, very close," CNN's Jean Casarez said. "And it was just days before investigators were to fly out to California to talk with her about what she may have known about the disappearance of Kathleen Durst that she was shot execution-style in her living room."
Letter could be key evidence
For years, speculation has swirled about who could be responsible for Berman's death. She'd written books about her family's mafia ties and explored the history of Las Vegas, and some suspected she might have drawn the ire of a killer through her work.
Investigators in the past homed in on one key piece of evidence: a postcard sent to authorities that tipped them off that Berman's body was inside her home.
A police handwriting analysis said the writing on that card looked like Durst's, author Miles Corwin told CNN in 2004.
But Corwin, who shadowed investigators working on the case as part of his book "Homicide Special: A Year With the LAPD's Elite Detective Unit," said at the time that police didn't have enough evidence to charge Durst in the killing.
"They don't have enough to arrest him," Corwin said in 2004.
What's changed since then?
In "The Jinx," Berman's stepson reveals a letter from Durst he found among her possessions. That could be a key development, said Michael Daly, a special correspondent for The Daily Beast.
"You look at the letter, and the handwriting is astonishingly similar," Daly said.
The Los Angeles County district attorney reopened the Berman homicide investigation last week.
Investigators haven't said whether the documentary series played a role in this weekend's arrest.
HBO, which is owned by CNN's parent company Time Warner, praised the series' director and producer in a statement Sunday.
"Years in the making, their thorough research and dogged reporting reignited interest in Robert Durst's story with the public and law enforcement," HBO said.
Google Inc. is taking about 90,000 square feet in the 696 Centre building on Farmington Road in Farmington Hills.
The Internet giant is expected to move an unknown number of employees into the 264,000-square-foot building just north of I-696 in the fourth quarter, according to a real estate source.
Ed Gardiner, director of planning and community development for Farmington Hills, said Google late Thursday afternoon filed an application for a building permit.
The company is expected to use the space for contracted employees.
The 696 Centre building, which is owned by Bloomfield Hills-based Alrig USA, was built in 1985 and will be about 90 percent leased when Google moves in.
According to CoStar Group Inc., a Washington, D.C.-based real estate information service, the building rents for an average of $15.95 per square foot per year.
The lease comes one month after Google announced it will be moving into about 140,000 square feet of space outside of downtown Ann Arbor in the third or fourth quarter next year. The company will occupy a 67,000-square-foot building in the Traverwood Business Park north of Plymouth Road and west of Huron Parkway and build an additional building on the campus.
Google currently leases 85,000 square feet on the second through fifth floors of the 137,000-square-foot McKinley Towne Centre office building in Ann Arbor.
Alrig USA purchased the 696 Centre building for $2.1 million, or $7.95 per square foot, in 2012 from Lehman Bros. Holdings Inc., according to CoStar.
Jeff Bell, the CBRE Inc. senior vice president of office services who often represents Google locally, declined to comment.
Labour's newly appointed shadow health secretary has said she will consider whether to join party leader Jeremy Corbyn and shadow chancellor John McDonnell in supporting the provision of homeopathic treatment on the NHS.
"I know lots of people who know about benefits of homeopathy," Heidi Alexander told BuzzFeed News. "Whether it's the right use of public money is another thing altogether. I'm open to hearing the argument as to why people may think it appropriate."
She added: "I must admit I'm not totally convinced at the moment but I'll have to look at it. I know my own parents are great believers in homeopathy. It's not something that I would immediately support but I'm going to have to look at a whole range of issues. It's not something that I have given hours of consideration to."
Homeopathic treatments, which consist almost entirely of water, are considered to be little more than placebos by many scientists. Jeremy Corbyn has previously signed parliamentary motions and tweeted his backing for homeopathic treatment, while shadow chancellor John McDonnell has held events in parliament for homeopathic practitioners and pledged to protect the "right of access to homeopathy" on the NHS.
A Labour party spokesperson said they were unaware whether Corbyn would back homeopathy on the NHS as party policy.
Alexander, the MP for Lewisham East, made her name with the successful campaign to save her local hospital's A&E department, which was at risk of being closed down by the coalition government. She admitted she had been surprised to be offered the job of shadow health secretary by Corbyn since she is not "from exactly the same part of the political party as Jeremy" and had nominated Andy Burnham to be leader.
"I got a phone call at about 7:30 [on Sunday evening]," she explained. "It came as a bolt out of the blue, to be honest. I certainly didn't anticipate being offered the job of shadow health secretary. Jeremy spoke to me personally. We spoke briefly and I decided it was the right thing to do for the party to accept the job."
When asked whether Corbyn could be elected prime minister in 2020 she said: "Yes. There's a lot of water to go under the bridge between now and then but I told Jeremy yesterday he has my respect and support. Anyone who stands to be leader of the Labour party has that. That isn't to say there won't be some difficult and important debates in the years ahead, but I want to be around the shadow cabinet table to take part."
Alexander said she would campaign against some aspects of the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) between the EU and the US, which has become a bone of contention among many of Corbyn's supporters for fear it could lead to the privatisation of parts of the health service: "TTIP is something a lot of people are rightly concerned about. The NHS should be exempt."
But she said it would be wrong to dismiss the free trade agreement altogether: "There are some potential economic benefits associated with TTIP and you can't throw the baby out with the bathwater. What we don't want is our public services opened up to constant legal challenges by corporations."
Alexander, who said she wanted to campaign on quality of care for elderly people and mental health provision for the young, said she was not concerned that Corbyn's top shadow cabinet positions went to men: "I think if you look at the cabinet across the board it's over half women. I'm not sure it should be about what particular position each person holds."
She also said she did not necessarily support all of Corbyn's policies – "It's very unusual to find someone you agree with 100% of the time" – but insisted that all wings of the party needed to work together in order to make his leadership a success.
"We don't know at the moment what votes will be coming before us over the next few months and years. Jeremy has been very clear that he wants a new kind of politics: one that is open and inclusive. I'm not saying it's all going to be plain sailing. It's important the party stays together."
On Starfleet vessels, Jefferies tubes or service crawlways were a type of access tunnel or internal maintenance conduit that was used to provide crew access to various ship's systems. In emergencies, they were also used for moving around the ship if turbolifts are not functional. Doors within the Jefferies tubes could be sealed for safety or security reasons.
During the 22nd and 23rd centuries, Jefferies tubes were usually referred to as access tubes, access tunnels, or service chutes, although the term was in use as early as 2256. (DIS: "Context Is for Kings") In the 24th century, the single term was generally favored, though some officers referred to them as "service crawl-ways". (TNG: "Disaster") Geordi La Forge sarcastically remarked that starship designers consider Jefferies tubes "easy access." (TNG: "Power Play")
Jefferies tubes could also be used for fitness training exercises. (VOY: "Learning Curve")
Contents show]
22nd century Edit
During the 22nd century, starships were outfitted with long and small service tunnels, which would later be known as Jefferies tubes. These were hard, cold, cramped, and poorly lit. Tunnels on some ships joined at a variable gravity "sweet spot". (ENT: "Broken Bow")
Vertical tubes Edit
NX-class ships had vertical tubes to help their crew manually reach decks above them or below them. These tubes were circular from one end to the other. Each tube was equipped with a single one-way ladder for crewmen to climb or descend. The ladders had dim lights behind them so the crew could see where to step. (ENT: "The Crossing", "Regeneration")
In September 2152, several crewmembers used these vertical access tunnels for transporting equipment and personal things to the catwalk. (ENT: "The Catwalk")
This episode also identified this type of tube as a "pylon tube".
Horizontal tubes Edit
The horizontal tunnels were not very different from the vertical ones. They were also circular and narrow. Crewmen had to bend their knees and crouch down at a bent posture while walking inside these specific tubes. A majority of the tube's space was filled with long and thick engineering pipes that went from one end to the other. These tubes were lit from the floor so a person could follow a path. (ENT: "Acquisition", "Vanishing Point", et al.)
For ENT : " Vox Sola ", a horizontal NX-class Jefferies tube was represented with a set built on Paramount Stage 8. As evidenced by the final draft script of "Acquisition", the name "Jefferies tubes" was to have been referenced in dialogue which was ultimately omitted from that installment.
23rd century Edit
In the 23rd century, Jefferies tubes were still round and small, but they were better lit by that time and no longer simply a means to get around. They served many different functions and purposes. It was not uncommon to find many technicians and engineers tinkering inside them.
Diagonal tubes Edit
Many diagonal tubes were scattered all throughout starships. These tubes were always densely connected with important system controls, relays, various conduits, and vital engineering circuits. Some of these tubes led to crawl-way junctions, while some even continued on inside a nacelle pylon to one of the ship's actual warp nacelles. At the entrance of each tube were two red bars so a crewman could pull him or herself inside. A soft, yet strong light was always emitted from the top and filled the entire tube. Certain tubes had multiple functions, while others had single functions like the tubes which were only designated engineering circuit bays. Each diagonal tube was equipped with stairs for crewmen to walk up or down. (TOS: "Charlie X", "The Doomsday Machine", "Journey to Babel"; ENT: "In a Mirror, Darkly, Part II")
Vertical tubes Edit
The vertical tubes on a starship, also known as gangways, allowed manual access to deck both above and below. These particular tubes were easily accessible in the open hallway alcoves located on every deck. On the walls of these tubes, there was a reflective material that perfectly illuminated the entire tunnel. The tubes were equipped with a single "three-way ladder" to allow more than one crewman to climb or descend. (TOS: "Amok Time", "The Doomsday Machine", "The Way to Eden")
In 2258 of the alternate reality, a ladder was visible aboard the USS Enterprise when Spock walked down a corridor after being relieved of duty as acting captain. (Star Trek)
Horizontal tubes Edit
The horizontal crawl-ways on starships allowed manual access to various parts of a starship. These tubes were also densely connected with important system controls and vital engineering circuits. Some of these tubes even led to the matter-antimatter reaction chamber. Every few feet, a bright light could be found, shining down. Crewmen usually had to crawl while traveling in some of them due to the cramped size. Other horizontal tubes were still cramped, but crewmen could still walk freely up straight in posture. This was especially true late in the 23rd century. Late in that century, the horizontal tubes were extremely well lit, with lights coming from both above and below. (TOS: "That Which Survives"; Star Trek V: The Final Frontier)
Tube junctions Edit
On a starship, the Jefferies tubes had junction service crawl-ways. They served as interconnected points linking all the different tubes. On Constitution-class vessels, these junctions also gave access to critical starship systems, like plasma flow regulators and warp and power relays. (ENT: "In a Mirror, Darkly, Part II")
24th century Edit
During the 24th century, Jefferies tubes became more simple, less intricate, and not as thoroughly filled with vital systems.
Vertical tubes Edit
The vertical tubes on starships allowed manual access to deck both above and below, which were labeled inside these particular tubes. Dim lights were located behind the main ladder and other lights were found on every deck. These tubes were equipped with a single one-way ladder for crewmen to climb or descend.(citation needed • edit)
Horizontal tubes Edit
The horizontal crawlways on starships allowed manual access to various vital parts of a ship or station. Dim lights were located near the floor and on each side of the tube. Crewmen usually had to crawl while traveling in them due to the cramped size. Inside these tubes were removable panels to important system conduits and engineering controls.(citation needed • edit)
In 2374, The Doctor sent the EMH Mark II to Jefferies tube 17 aboard the USS Prometheus to release a neurozine gas. The EMH Mark II never accessed a Jefferies tube and The Doctor told him that, traditionally, such a Jefferies tube is accessed head first. (VOY: "Message in a Bottle")
The same year, an explosion blew off a hatch and exposed Jefferies tube 84 aboard the USS Voyager to space. (VOY: "Prey")
A standard mid-24th-century horizontal tube aboard a Galaxy-class starship A horizontal tube aboard a Sovereign-class starship in the late 24th century A blown Jefferies tube aboard an Intrepid-class starship
Add an image to this gallery
Tube junctions Edit
On 24th-century starships, all Jefferies tubes had junction service rooms. They served as interconnected points, linking all the different tubes. Every room had exposed conduits on the walls, sometimes with panels to access various power conduits or relays.
According to Nella Daren, the fourth intersect of Jefferies tube twenty-five was the most acoustically perfect spot on the USS Enterprise-D. (TNG: "Lessons")
Appendices Edit
Appearances Edit
Background information Edit
The Jefferies tubes were probably named in honor of the 22nd century Starfleet engineer W.M. Jefferies. In reality, this character was named after Matt Jefferies, the designer of the original USS Enterprise and the Art Director of Star Trek: The Original Series. (Star Trek Encyclopedia (4th ed., vol. 1, p. 386))
The name "Jefferies tube" was originally an in-joke, already in use during the production of The Original Series, but only came to be canonically mentioned on a number of occasions in the later Star Trek: The Next Generation television series, the first time being in that show's third season episode "The Hunted". Jefferies himself had indicated, "Somebody hung the name Jefferies Tube on it. It wasn't me, but the name stuck and I used it in some of my sketches!" (Star Trek: The Original Series Sketchbook, p. 72; Star Trek Encyclopedia (4th ed., vol. 1, p. 386)) The first recorded use of the nomenclature was a "SHOT – JEFFERIES TUBE" script reference in the draft of 14 September 1967 of "Journey to Babel" (scene 36, p. 21, where the body of Gav was stashed), though it was not heard in the episode. Set Designer John Jefferies, the younger brother of Matt and who, with his team, had to build his brother's design, recalled the construction of the Original Series Jefferies tube; "It was the only part of that set that was moved on [note: meaning it was a mobile set, mounted on rollers] that was on an incline, and it was made out of a Sonotube that we cut and expanded a little bit. Sonotubes were large cardboard tubes that could be purchased. They were used for forming concrete and we would buy these in either eight- or ten-foot lengths and they came in many varying diameters. They ran about a half an inch thick and they were wrapped cardboard. Well, we found these marvelous for pieces of set and curved walls, because they were quick." ("Designing the Final Frontier", TOS Season 2 DVD special features)
The access tubes have changed appearance many times in the past fifty years, while still maintaining their basic function for both the series and films. The tubes were commonly used as a last-minute deus ex machina, whether it was a relay circuit inside that needed to be repaired, or a straightforward means of physical escape.
The most unusual variation of the Jefferies tube was a vertical tube shown in the original Star Trek series. This access tube had a "three-way" ladder that allowed three people to climb simultaneously. This was no doubt convenient during red alert when crewmen needed to get to battle stations quickly. Unfortunately, this concept was never expanded upon, so we never saw a four- or even a six-sided hexagon-shaped ladder. Instead, the ladders in the Jefferies tubes of the 24th century were only capable of supporting one individual.
An in-joke reportedly appearing in the Jefferies tube sets on the original Star Trek series (although written so small as to be invisible to the audience) were labels on pipes, marked "GNDN". This stands for "Goes Nowhere, Does Nothing". The marking also appeared on various sets for the Star Trek films.
Traditionally, Jefferies tubes were cramped crawling spaces, but in Star Trek Nemesis, a particularly spacious one was featured. Commenting on this large Jefferies tube, Star Trek archivist Penny Juday explained (in 2002), "The Jefferies tube is used even today [....] So, Herman Zimmerman has made sure that the name sticks [....] Almost all the time – not in every episode of course – but when we need a crawl space, that's exactly what we use; it's always called a Jefferies tube." ("Designing the Final Frontier", TOS Season 2 DVD special features) The canonization of the term "Jefferies tube", however, fell to Zimmerman's successor, Richard James, to implement in the aforementioned episode "The Hunted". Chronologically, the reference in DIS: "Context Is for Kings" establishes it to have been referred to in that way as early as 2256.
Brazil 2014 AOKC's Plan of Action As always, AOKC will be at Johnny's Tavern in Power & Light. Look for us selling AOKC merchandise under the big projector. If you aren't a member yet, consider signing up. You'll get a sweet shirt and all kinds of discounts. AOKC has partnered up with the man himself, Matt Besler, to donate 100% of AOKC's cut to KC Pet Project. To be clear, you don't have to be an AOKC member to come party with us, you'll just look better doing it and will help find some KC pets a good home. If you're already an AO member, please consider making a donation to KC Pet Project at our merchandise table.
#WinTheCupandSaveAPup AOKC Gear If you need to snag some AO gear before the world cup, it's not too late. Check out our online store. We'll also have all of our gear for sell at each of the upcoming watch parties. June 7th- 5 pm Nigeria This is the last tune up game before the World Cup starts. Join us and make sure you're in proper World Cup form. June 16th- 5 pm Ghana This is it. This is what we've waited 1452 days for. Get there early and reserve a spot. If you weren't there in 2010, don't miss out on what is the best atmosphere to watch the games in. Johnny's and AOKC will be providing a huge toast to kick off our journey through Brazil. World Soccer Shop will be there selling jerseys, customizing jerseys, and putting free AO patches on any jersey you have. The specials look like this-
$4 Domestic Schooners $5 Boulevard Schooners $3 Outlaw Draws - This is Freestate Brewery's Blue Collar Lager $6 Outlaw Schooners $5 25 oz World Cup Budweiser Cans (Find these at the beer carts- it will be the quickest way to quench your thirst) $4 USA Bombs $3 Single Topping Pizza Slices June 22nd- 5 pm Portugal Fresh off the Ghana win... This is the big one. The boys are going to need all of your voices, united as one in Johnny's. The specials are the exact sane as listed above. June 26th- 11 am Germany Johnny's is opening up at 7 am for this one. Get there early, and calm your nerves with your AOKC brothers and sisters. Same specials, with a $5 cheeseburger deal instead of pizza... we wanted to mix it up a little.
The USMNT will be playing four more games in Brazil after these, but we'll talk about them later. Get home Safe With UberX AOKC2014 to save $20 off your first ride. You can sign up here or download the app on your phone. We've joined up with UberX to make sure you have a safe ride home. Use codeto save $20 off your first ride. You can sign upor download the app on your phone.
If you haven't yet, follow us on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook and any other thing you can think of. All the links are to the right- It's the best way to stay informed. COME ON YOU YANKS!
Anti-Isis (Islamic State) protests organised by Kurdish nationals in a number of German cities have erupted into violent clashes, with radical Muslims armed with knives and brass-knuckles.
The demonstrations in the city of Hamburg and the town of Celle deteriorated into violence, forcing German police to request reinforcements to restore order.
The clashes occurred on Tuesday after 80 Kurdish protesters occupied Hamburg's main train station for an hour before leaving voluntarily, according to local police.
Approximately 500 Kurdish demonstrators marched through Hamburg, causing damage to a number of cars and Turkish snack bars. Fourteen Kurdish protesters were arrested.
A few hundred Kurdish protesters then gathered at a mosque near the train station before they were attacked by a group of 40 armed supporters of IS. Four people were taken to hospital with stab wounds following the incident.
Police used water cannons, batons and pepper spray to bring the unrest under control while both sides threw stones and bottles in an attempt to break police lines and attack the other.
The clashes in Celle occurred a day earlier, with 100 Kurds and 100 Muslims brawling until police calmed the situation.
Protests against the Islamic State have been organised in cities and towns across Germany such as Hannover, Oldenburg, Wolfsburg, Bremen, Gottingen and Kiel.
Kurdish refugees are protesting against the Islamic State's offensive on Kurdish communities in northern Iraq and northern Syria, particularly the city of Kobani, where over 150,000 Syrian-Kurds have fled into Turkey.
In the city, American airstrikes have pushed IS militants back from some districts that they had captured after a three-week fight for the city.
Since the Islamic State (also known as Isis) raised their black flag on the eastern side of the town, raids on the Sunni Islamists have multiplied.
According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a British-based monitoring group, militants "withdrew overnight from several areas in the east of Kobani".
0 Strangers come together to help mother get her life back on track
GREENVILLE, S.C. -
A South Carolina mother who gave up her children so she could get clean has received an early Christmas present, thanks to the kindness of strangers.
Jessica McCutcheon surrendered her children to the Department of Social Services. Officials said she had battled drug abuse and was a victim of domestic violence, WYFF reported.
>> Read more trending news
But recently, McCutcheon turned her life around so much she was able to regain custody of her children.
Meredith Shannon, the foster mother of McCutcheon's daughter, wanted to do something for the mother of the girl she took care of.
>> Need something to lift your spirits? Read more uplifting news
“We just felt she was part of our family and we just felt that we needed her kids to have a good Christmas and we wanted to be a part of that,” Shannon told WYFF.
So she and her neighbor and some athletes at North Greenville University lent a hand.
They collected $600 in gifts, including gift cards from local stores, while a stranger donated a car to McCutcheon and her family.
The video of the life-changing gift has been posted online and has been viewed millions of times.
“She was borrowing people's cars to get to work and to get her kids to school and I just felt that God laid it on our hearts and that we really needed to be able to provide a good car for her so that she could continue to parent her kids like she needed to,” Shannon told WYFF.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
A crippling snowstorm is expected to dump an extreme amount of snow across the Washington area.
A crippling snowstorm is expected to dump an extreme amount of snow across the Washington area.
The skies graying, John Mendez worked Friday with a sense of urgency.
“Drew! Drew! Are you here?” he called, standing outside a tent in a homeless camp tucked in a small patch of woods four blocks from sparkling new condo towers on Rockville Pike.
No answer.
“Zofo! Zofo!” he said at the adjacent tent.
Mendez unzipped the flap. Blankets, a half-gallon of milk, a propane cylinder for a portable heater. But no one inside.
A homeless man died this week when his tent caught fire a patch of woods in Rockville. Investigators believe he was trying to stay warm with a camping stove. (Dan Morse/The Washington Post)
Mendez is the head of outreach for Bethesda Cares, a nonprofit agency that works with people who are homeless. Just 10 feet from him was a stark reminder of the dangers of coping with the elements — a charred patch of ground where until early Thursday another tent had stood. The tent burst into flames, claiming the life of a man inside. Police and fire investigators are still probing but for now believe that the man accidentally set himself afire trying to warm his tent with a camping stove.
Mendez headed to find others. “This is life or death stuff,” he said.
He had two goals:
Persuade the dozen or so camp residents, or as many as he could, to go to a shelter — taking him up on his offer to call a cab and pay the fare.
And, secondly, to leverage the blizzard to bolster relationships with the men he knows and to meet those he doesn't. Seeing him out on a day like Friday, Mendez hoped, would advance his goal of getting the men inside and into a place of their own.
“This is a good time to hit them up,” Mendez said of the cold weather. “They struggled last night.”
The Washington area has an estimated 12,000 people who are homeless, mostly in the District, according to a 2015 report by the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments. Montgomery County had approximately 1,100 people who were homeless in 2015, an increase on the 900 who were counted the year before.
The county has several shelters and nonprofit groups that seek out people who are homeless, getting to know them and bringing them off the streets. Bethesda Cares operates on a “housing-first” model, which holds that getting people who are homeless into permanent housing is the best way for them to succeed with services that so many needs: mental-health counseling, substance-abuse counseling, help to get jobs, access to health care.
It's difficult to know how many encampments are in the county because they are hidden and transient.
For years, though, about a dozen men have lived in a thicket near Rockville Pike that weaves among older apartment buildings, auto-body shops and stores. Mendez has visited the encampment for about five years.
At 42, the former active-duty Marine, has flecks of gray in his tidy black beard and wears glasses as he makes his rounds.
At 8:30 a.m. Friday, Mendez veered from a sidewalk down a well-trodden path, stopped at Drew's and Zofo's tents, had no luck and kept going.
Next tent: a thick U-Haul packing blanket draped across the front and no one inside.
A third vacancy left Mendez with mixed emotions.
Maybe the men were in warmer, safer places.
Or maybe they'd headed out for the day — perhaps to panhandle, perhaps to stay briefly at a McDonald's — but would be back to the cold.
Finally, at the fourth tent, obscured by a cover of branches and brush, two men he had never met called back to him.
They were inside, in winter coats and under blankets.
Mendez introduced himself and brought up a shelter.
“I can get you a cab if you can grab your stuff right now,” he said. “The snow is coming. It's going to be really bad.”
A 30-year-old who gave his name as Ever stepped out and told Mendez he wanted to go. Mendez spoke into the tent, asking if his buddy wanted to come, too. He didn't.
But from the ground and the depths of his orange parka, he said: “Thank you so much. God bless you.”
Mendez stuck with him, learned he was Eric, coaxed him from the tent until Eric emerged with a nearly frozen unopened bottle of Hoegaarden beer and told Mendez he would stay at a woman's nearby apartment.
Eric began talking about the fire in the tent.
“My friend died, man,” Eric said, starting to cry. “My friend burned up.”
Eric said he had known the man by his nickname around the camp: “Momoño.”
Momoño worked with everyone — gathering firewood, taking group collections for a beer run.
“Always happy, laughing, cheering everybody up,” Eric said.
Eric pointed to his right, asking Mendez whether he'd been to a tent near a fence line. Mendez hadn't, and he realized it must be a new and more obscured one.
“You gotta open your eyes,” Eric said, laughing, leading Mendez on a downward ridge where a tent was staked low. Mendez bent down and spoke into an opening. A slight man with long hair came out. He said his girlfriend was inside.
“The snow is going to be like this high,” Mendez said, holding his hand 2 1/ 2 feet off the ground. “The tents will collapse.”
The man assured him that the couple could stay at his brother's place. His assurance, like that of Eric's, seemed genuine to Mendez, who still made them pledge: “Promise me you will go,” he told them.
Only then did Mendez reach into his backpack and pull out gloves, hats and socks. He'd held back, hoping the cold would get him more than his one taker for a taxicab.
Mendez called a cab as they emerged toward the busy road, and he reinforced the choice.
“They'll have showers and snacks and meals,” he told the man. “And it will be warm.”
After the cab drove off, Mendez said it had been a good morning.
He got one man out of the cold.
Others had plans, at least for the night. And if he could navigate streets on Saturday or Sunday, he'd come back out.
“I felt like we got a win today,” Mendez said.
Thoughtless consumption and sneaky squander are huge contributors to the amount of water we waste. Here are some ways we use way too much water at home:
Flushing Toilets: A standard toilet uses 3.5-7 gallons per flush, and the average American flushes the toilet 5 times per day. Modern low-flow toilets use just 1.28 gallons or fewer, or 25-50% less water per flush.
Leaky Pipes/Faucets: A small leak can waste 20 gallons of water per day, and large leaks can waste hundreds. A sink dripping 1 drop per second means more than 3,000 gallons wasted per year. A leaky toilet can waste as much as 1,400 gallons every day!
Watering Lawn/Plants: Depending on the system, lawn sprinklers can consume upwards of 250 gallons per hour per “zone,” with most homes having several lawn zones. Many sprinkler systems also run too often and water excessively to unnecessary areas (like the sidewalk). Water-efficient irrigation systems like Droplet can save up to 90% of outdoor water consumption.
Doing Dishes: An average hand-washing session with the water running can use more than 40 gallons of water. Hand-washing while turning water on and off uses around 20 gallons. Modern dishwashers usually require just 10 gallons or fewer for a full load of dishes. Also, running the garbage disposal requires a lot of water, and the solids that build up in the septic tank can lead to leaks.
Lengthy Showers: The average shower (around 8 minutes) with an old showerhead uses around 45 gallons of water. A water-efficient showerhead can save around 24 gallons per shower, or 750 gallons per month. Cutting down shower time by just a few (3-5) minutes can save at least 10 gallons each time!
Washing the Car: Washing your car at home using an average hose can use 80-140 gallons of water. Washing at a garage uses around 30-45 gallons, plus they usually recycle water!
Brushing Teeth/Shaving: Leaving the water running while you brush or shave wastes tons of water. To avoid the waste, turn the faucet off between rinses, or brush your teeth first while waiting for water to get hot, then shave after filling the sink basin.
Swimming Pools: Pools naturally lose between 10,000-20,000 gallons per year to evaporation and have a leak rate of around 20-30%. But since most pools have automatic refillers, we don't even notice!
Doing Laundry: Running half-loads of laundry can waste 1,000 gallons of water each month. The permanent press cycle uses an added 5 gallons for the extra rinse. To conserve water, wait for full loads, and if your washing machine has the option, match the water level to the wash load.
Outdoor Cleaning: The average hose (ranging from ½”- ¾”) uses between 9-23 gallons of water per minute. Instead of reaching for the hose, use a broom to sweep your driveway/sidewalk clean and save gallons!
Here's the thing: Don't fight. Don't fight rappers, but also just don't fight anybody. It's not good. It's not good for you and it's not good for the person you're fighting and it's not good for the universe. Just don't do it.
(The one exception is if you happen to find yourself eye-to-eye with Dwyane Wade, the most unlikable person currently in the NBA playoffs. In that case, go nuts. Fight him. Fight him for America.)
(DISCLAIMER: If you're the type of person who reads about this sort of thing on the Internet, then I have to believe that you will get pummeled by Wade, but still. Go for it. It'll be a good story to tell once all of your teeth grow back.)
Here's the other thing: This is a chart to help you figure out if you should fight a particular rapper, should you somehow be in position to do so and of the mind to do so. It was inspired by the recent standoff the LAPD had with, among others, the Game and T.I., two rappers you should definitely never, ever try to fight.
Now, the “If I Fought This Rapper, Would I Win?” chart is entirely hypothetical. The top bar across it, the Toughness Indicator, is very much a flexible postulate, a raw guess at how tough/mean/aggressive somebody probably is. Best to be safe: Don't fight anyone on this list, or on any list, for that matter. Just don't. Really, I don't even know why you're thinking about it. It's dumb. It's real dumb.
But since you are, here you go:
Two more things: (1) No fight is a true fight unless someone gets knocked out, so that's the barometer here. All the way in the red means there is a 100 percent chance you wake up the unintentional star of a viral Internet video; and (2) no women were included here because it felt strange to talk about fist-fighting women. (A guess: You'd probably catch Lil Mama for a win, but all the rest are dropping L's on you.)
J. Cole
End Fight Probability: There is a negative–100 percent chance J. Cole knocks you out.
Yes. Fight J. Cole. Fight J. Cole and win. Fight him for ruining the Jay-Z–Dame Dash reunion moment. Fight him for using the phrase “Cole world.” Fight him for his face being his face.
T.I.
End Fight Probability: There is a 44 percent chance T.I. knocks you out.
He's a tiny guy, sure (on “Stand Up” he says he weighs 145 pounds, or about one pair of Timbaland boots), but he looks like he's made of twisted wire. Also, and this is real life: I met him once at a listening party. He has an unsettling gaze. There's evil in him. He'll hurt you. And he's gonna like doing it. Don't do it. Don't fight T.I.
Lil Wayne
End Fight Probability: There is a negative–10 percent chance Lil Wayne knocks you out.
On the one hand, Lil Wayne is from Louisiana, which makes him instantly intimidating. But on the other hand, one time he rapped, “Eat her till she cries, call that wine and dine,” so you should be fine. Engage him in fisticuffs. It would be very neat if you said something Lil Wayne–esque when you did so (“I just drummed you to the floor, call that a beatdown,” or something).
Lil Boosie
End Fight Probability: There is a 51 percent chance Lil Boosie knocks you out.
Bro, he just got out of prison, like, 45 minutes ago. Don't do that. Don't fight Lil Boosie.
Puff Daddy
End Fight Probability: There is a negative–65 percent chance Puff knocks you out.
You'd likely win this fight if it managed to come off, but I'd sidestep it because let's say you trip over Puff's teeny-tiny teeth and fall and hit your head on the concrete and knock yourself out or whatever, he is absolutely going to celebrate by doing that Diddy Bop dance he's done for the last 60 years. You can't risk that. There's no recovering from that. There's no recovering from being the guy in the WSHH knockout Puff Daddy Diddy Bop dance video.
50 Cent
End Fight Probability: There is an 86 percent chance 50 Cent knocks you out.
He got shot 700 times in the head and didn't die. What are you gonna do to him in a fight? Don't do it. Don't fight Fif.
Rick Ross
End Fight Probability: There is a negative–23 percent chance Rick Ross knocks you out.
You're gold here. Ross is a big guy, but in this case that just means he's slow. Fight him the same way you used to fight King Hippo* from Mike Tyson's Punch-Out!! Wait till he opens his mouth to breathe, punch him in it, then sock him in his stomach over and over again until he falls down. Inertia will handle the rest.
*Why didn't anyone ever talk about the giant bandage on King Hippo's stomach? Referee Mario shouldn't have let him fight like that. There's gotta be some sort of rule against prefight open wounds in the Video Game Boxing Association, right? “Hey, what's that gaping sore you have on your belly there, Hippo? What? Oh. Oh, you're just gonna cover it up with your hands? OK, cool. Fight!” Referee Mario was way too cavalier about staph infections.
Wiz Khalifa
End Fight Probability: There is a 12 percent chance Wiz Khalifa knocks you out.
His knockout percentage is low, but that only accounts for his thinness. You have to remember that he's extra tall so he's gonna have an infuriating reach advantage. More likely than the knockout is that he peppers you with jabs until both of your eyes are swollen shut. Plus, his neck is 24 inches long, so you're never gonna be able to hit him in the head. The only chance you've got is if Wiz has it in his brain that he's a dad now. Dad brains are always like, “Man, I can't [DANGEROUS THING]. I got kids to think about now.” But if he's not thinking about that, you're toast. Don't do it. Don't fight Wiz Khalifa.
Regular Snoop
End Fight Probability: There is a 71 percent chance Regular Snoop knocks you out.
Basically for all the same reasons listed for Wiz, but also because he's Snoop. He's been the most intimidating skeleton on earth for the last 20 years. Remember him in Baby Boy? He was perfect. Don't do it. Don't fight Regular Snoop.
Reggae Snoop
End Fight Probability: There is a negative–72 percent chance Reggae Snoop knocks you out.
Because it's reggae,* man. You're safe.
*The best thing that happened last week was when the Donald Sterling story started unraveling and Reggae Snoop immediately reverted back to Regular Snoop in his video response. Regular Snoop is the best.
Kanye West
End Fight Probability: There is a negative–7 percent chance Kanye West knocks you out.
If it was Digitized Kanye West from the “Black Skinhead” video, then I'd say avoid it (he'd probably club you over the head with the mega-penis he gave himself), but this is real-life Kanye so you're safe. He'll be loud and he'll be blustery but he'll also be extra-sensitive about everything. “Hey, Kanye, hahaha you can't get into fashion. Have fun at Adidas.” Boom. He starts crying. You sock him in the kidney. Fight over. Great, next album.
Busta Rhymes
End Fight Probability: There is a 46 percent chance Busta Rhymes knocks you out.
I think Busta is like 1,000 years old but whatever, because he also looks like he can bench-press a Hyundai, so stay away. I just don't understand why anyone would ever wanna be that big, particularly if you're an old man. Dr. Dre did the same thing. He started getting old and was like, “What can I do to look young and normal? Oh! I got it! Let me make the muscles in my neck super duper strong.” Weird, weird. Don't do it. Don't fight Bussa Buss. Flip Mode. Flip Mode is the greatest.
Pitbull
End Fight Probability: There is a negative–90 percent chance Pitbull will knock you out.
Fight him. Fight Pitbull. Fight Pitbull every chance you get. And whenever you knock him on the ground, you shout, “Pitbull's going down, I'm yelling ‘timber'” and then be like, “You see? You see how stupid that is?”
The Game
End Fight Probability: There is a 79 percent chance The Game knocks you out.
This is the first paragraph of the “Early Life” section of The Game's Wikipedia page:
“Game was born Jayceon Terrell Taylor on November 29, 1979, in Los Angeles, California. He grew up in Compton, a low-income crime-ridden city in Los Angeles County, in a primarily Crip gang neighborhood known as Santana Blocc, although he grew up to become a member of the Bloods. He was born into a life of gang-wars and hustling. In an October 2006 interview with MTV News correspondent Sway Calloway, Game described his family as “dysfunctional” and claimed that his father molested one of his sisters. When later interviewed, Game stated that at a young age, he recalled seeing both of his parents preparing to do drive-by shootings. His father was a Nutty Block Crip and his mother a Hoover Crippelette. Drugs and guns were all around Taylor when he was a youngster. His father was a heroin addict and both his parents frequently took cocaine. At around the age of 6, Taylor stated that a friend of his was murdered for his clothes and shoes in the neighborhood by a teenager.”
It gets worse as it goes on. Don't do it. Don't fight The Game.
Eminem
End Fight Probability: There is a negative–33 percent chance Eminem knocks you out.
We all saw 8 Mile. He was tough, but he wasn't a fighter.
Ludacris
End Fight Probability: ???
I don't know how to rate Ludacris. He's not intimidating but he's not unintimidating either. He's not big but he's not small. He's not ultra-serious but he's also not ultra-goofy. I don't know. I don't know. You might win. You might die. I don't know. Good luck.
Tyga
End Fight Probability: There is a negative–83 percent chance Tyga knocks you out.
Remember “Rack City”? Man, that was a good song.
Common
End Fight Probability: There is a 49 percent chance Common knocks you out.
And a 100 percent chance that he just straight up kills you. Did you even see Wanted, bro? He can bend the flight of bullets. Don't do it. Don't get ghost-assassinated by Common.
Kendrick Lamar
End Fight Probability: There is a negative–12 percent chance Kendrick Lamar knocks you out.
Several months ago I was at a concert. I was milling about backstage (I was there to do some reporting for a story). I was waiting for the main act to come on, talking to strangers (and then making fun on them on Twitter like a good Catholic boy), when this kid, couldn't have been more than 13, hurried past me. I didn't pay him any attention until I noticed he was headed straight for the stage. He stopped at the edge, was handed a microphone, then walked out and the whole entire universe exploded. It was Kendrick. I'm not a very tall person (5-foot-7) and he was at least two feet shorter. You'd survive this fight.
Ice-T
End Fight Probability: There is a 73 percent chance Ice-T knocks you out.
Remember that one movie he was in with Rutger Hauer in which Hauer and his friends were hunting him? They had guns and ATVs and racism and they still couldn't get him. You can't either. Don't do it. Don't fight Ice-T.
Big Sean
End Fight Probability: There is a negative–75 percent chance Big Sean knocks you out.
The odds are in your favor here, but still, don't ever fight Big Sean. He's so much fun. I mean, just look at him. He's so happily silly and playful (and totally aware of his silliness and playfulness). He's the opposite of J. Cole, the most self-serious rapper of my whole life. Don't do it. Don't fight Big Sean. Go back and fight J. Cole again.
Soulja Boy
End Fight Probability: There is a 40 percent chance Soulja Boy knocks you out.
I understand your instinct to fight Soulja Boy. I do. But don't.
Future
End Fight Probability: There is a negative–29 percent* chance Future knocks you out.
*This is a completely skewed measurement. Future is somewhere near 60 percent to knock you out. This is a setup. I want you to try to fight Future because I want Future to knock you out because I want Future to cackle “Tuuuuuuurn out the liiiiights” after he does so. That's a little thing called being poetic. So do it. Fight Future.
DMX
End Fight Probability: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA10000000000000PERCENTHAHAHAHAHA
Call a coroner.
Jay-Z
End Fight Probability: There is a negative–50 percent chance Jay-Z knocks you out.
Because Jay-Z rapped “Plus I know Tae Bo” in “Girls, Girls, Girls” and then Nas called him a “Tae Bo hoe” on “Ether.”
Drake
End Fight Probability: There is a 51 percent chance Drake knocks you out.
Drake has spent the last four years getting picked on by the Internet. He has been hardened. He might be the kid who cries when he fights, but that's nature at work. It's the same as a lion roaring. When Drake is roaring tears from his eyes, that's when it's time to back up.
Wale
End Fight Probability: There is a negative–17 percent chance Wale knocks you out.
I don't know.
Did you know that Wale is real-life cousins with Chris Partlow from The Wire? Don't do it. Don't fight Chris Partlow's real-life cousin.
Young Thug
End Fight Probability: There is a 21 percent chance Young Thug knocks you out.
He wore a dress. But don't fall into that trap. Don't do it. Don't fight Young Thug.
Tyler, the Creator
End Fight Probability: There is a negative–55 percent* chance Tyler, the Creator knocks you out.
*Another ruse. His real number is closer to 35 percent. Sorry. I just really want to see what sort of things he does to you after he mollywhops you upside the head.
Action Bronson
End Fight Probability: There is a 79 percent chance Action Bronson knocks you out.
He shares the same physical attributes as Rick Ross (who earned a -23 percent chance of knocking you out), but there's one super-ultra-off-the-backboard mega-difference you have to account for: Bronson's father is Albanian, which means Bronson is half-Albanian, which means FUCK THAT. The only person capable of defeating Albanians is Liam Neeson, and you're no Liam Neeson,* my friend. Don't do it. Don't fight Action Bronson. Don't get sold into an Albanian human trafficking ring.
*If I was in Taken, that'd have been a WAY different movie. “Hello? You what? You kidnapped my sons and now they're gonna be in an Albanian human trafficking ring? Oh … oh, um … OK. Well, hey, look, the one that's missing both of his front teeth, he hates peanuts. He won't eat anything with peanuts in it, so, I mean, just so you know. OK. Thanks. Later, man.” End. No sequel.
WATCH | Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe is being investigated by the Office of U.S. Special Counsel for violating The Hatch Act that prohibits FBI agents from campaigning in partisan races.
The Office of U.S. Special Counsel, the government's main whistleblower agency, is investigating whether FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe's activities supporting his wife Jill's Democratic campaign for Virginia state senate in 2015 violated the Hatch Act's prohibition against FBI agents campaigning in partisan races.
The agency's probe was prompted by a complaint in April from a former FBI agent who forwarded social media photos showing McCabe wearing a T-shirt supporting his wife's campaign during a public event and then posting a photo on social media urging voters to join him in voting for his wife.
“I am voting for Jill because she is the best wife ever,” McCabe put on a sign that he photographed himself holding. The photo was posted on her social media page a few days before the election, in response to Dr. Jill McCabe's plea to “help me win” by posting photos expressing reasons why voters should vote for her, according to the complaint.
Other social media photos in the complaint showed McCabe's minor daughter campaigning with her mother, wearing an FBI shirt, and McCabe voting with his wife at a polling station.
Look at the social media photos included in the Hatch Act complaint.
The Hatch Act prohibits FBI employees from engaging "in political activity in concert with a political party, a candidate for partisan political office, or a partisan political group."
It defines prohibited political activity as "any activity directed at the success or failure of a partisan group or candidate in a partisan election."
An ethics expert told Circa the photos raised legitimate questions about McCabe's compliance with the law.
OSC declined comment except to confirm the Hatch Act complaint was still active and under review. FBI officials and McCabe, through the FBI press office, declined comment.
The FBI has said previously McCabe consulted ethics experts to ensure he didn't do anything improper with his wife's campaign and that the agent didn't believe he had ever campaigned or helped his wife's election. That claim, however, is now being challenged by the former FBI agent's complaint.
Meanwhile, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe's office released to Circa under the Freedom of Information Act documents showing McCabe attended a meeting with his wife and the governor on a Saturday in March 2015 specifically to discuss having Jill McCabe run for state Senate in Virginia as a Democrat.
"This is a candidate recruitment meeting. McCabe is seriously considering running against State Senator Dick Black. You have been asked to close the deal," the briefing memo for McAuliffe read.
Included in the governor's briefing package was a copy of McCabe's FBI biography. The biography made clear that Andrew McCabe was a senior executive who at the time oversaw the FBI's Washington field office that among many tasks supervised investigations in northern Virginia.
At the time of the meeting, published reports indicate agents in the Washington field office were involved in both a probe of McAuliffe and of the governor's close friend, Hillary Clinton's and her private email account.
The Hatch Act poster hanging inside FBI offices to urge compliance clearly states that an FBI employee "may not knowingly solicit or discourage the political activity of any person with business before the agency."
FBI sources, who spoke only on condition of anonymity, said agents were specifically concerned that McCabe's meeting with McAuliffe about supporting Jill McCabe's campaign constituted a solicitation of a person with business before the bureau.
Check out the Hatch Act poster advising FBI employees how to comply with the law.
McAuliffe's office said Tuesday it could not immediately determine how it came it to possions of the McCabe FBI bio that was included in McAuliffe's briefing book.
The meeting led to McAuliffe supporting Jill McCabe's candidacy and ultimately sending her $700,000 in support, McAuliffe aides said.
The issue of whether McCabe took the necessary ethics precautions to avoid a conflict of interest is already being investigated by the Justice Department inspector general at the request of the Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley (R-IA).
“While Mr. McCabe recused himself from public corruption cases in Virginia -- presumably including the reportedly ongoing investigation of Mr. McAuliffe regarding illegal campaign contributions -- he failed to recuse himself from the Clinton email investigation, despite the appearance of conflict created by his wife's campaign accepting $700,000 from a close Clinton associate during the investigation,” Grassley wrote in seeking the IG probe.
Jill McCabe, a physician, lost a close race for a state Senate seat in northern Virginia in November 2015.
When questions first arose about the money Jill McCabe's campaign got from McAuliffe, the FBI insisted that Andrew McCabe never used his FBI role to aid her campaign and “did not participate in fundraising or support of any kind” for his wife's political run.
Former Supervisory Special Agent Robyn Gritz, who is suing the FBI and McCabe alleging sexual discrimination during her 16-year career, filed the complaint alleging the social media photos are evidence of possible Hatch Act violations.
The Hatch Act prohibits all federal employees from engaging in election activities during work hours. Most government workers are free, however, to campaign during their own private time.
But the law imposes a tough standard for FBI employees, prohibiting partisan campaigning at any time. FBI employees “may not campaign for or against candidates or otherwise engage in political activity in concert with a political party, a candidate for partisan political office, or a partisan political group,” the law states.
Gritz argued in her complaint to the OSC that the photos suggest McCabe violated that standard.
“As a former FBI agent, it is my understanding that we were held to a higher level with regard to the Hatch Act,” Gritz wrote in her OSC complaint. “While I'm filing this complaint, I am doing it due to the large number of current, former and retired FBI agents who know if they were acting such as McCabe we'd be already on leave without pay, under investigation and assured of being in violation. We are all under the impression that these are, in fact, violations.”
Richard Painter, the former chief ethics lawyer for the White House, said that the social media photos and the McAuliffe meeting documents raise serious questions because FBI and intelligence community officials must adhere to more stringent rules under the Hatch Act.
“What is not acceptable would be using the official position, in the government, particularly the official position in the FBI in order to further a political campaign, the political campaign of a spouse or anybody else,” Painter told Circa.
Painter said the “question is why are you sending your bio from the FBI? Are you trying to do that to influence the campaign or is this something somebody wants for informational purposes? But if you're trying to use your position to get somebody to give money to a political campaign that is crossing the line.”
× Police link increase in distracted driving to spike in fatal crashes
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind. – Thousands of drivers cruise through Indiana interstates on a daily basis.
“We are the Crossroads of America,” said Trooper Kyle Hankins.
Indiana State Police Trooper Kyle Hankins says many of those drivers, including semi-truck drivers are not paying attention to the road.
“Whether they are watching something on their cell phone, reading an email, or texting someone,” said Trooper Hankins.
Police believe distracted driving is the cause of recent fatal crashes around central Indiana.
“It is so portable and always right there,” said Trooper Hankins.
In just the past 10days, 11 people have died in five car crashes. Officials say three of those crashes involved semi-trucks and construction zones. Police say in those incidents, the semi-truck drivers slammed into the back of cars that slowed down quickly.
“I think construction zones play into it because with the reduced speeds and the combination of drivers and attention there is less room for error,” said Trooper Hankins.
ISP says with more drivers on the roads in the summer and distracted driving on the rise, crashes are common. That is why ISP works daily to get distracted and fatigued drivers off the road.
Police say the key to keeping all drivers safe is sharing the road and making sure you check your rear-view mirror often.
“Provide more space, distance, and reaction time. That would greatly improve things,” said Trooper Hankins.
Among the recent crashes, three people from Greenwood were killed on I-37 near Bloomington, five people from Beech Grove died on I-65 in Kentucky, three died in two separate crashes on I-70 near Terre Haute and one Deputy Chief with IMPD is fighting for his life after a crash Sunday in Plainfield.
No charges have yet been filed in these crashes.
Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon (D) speaks alongside representatives from the St. Louis, St. Louis County, and Missouri State police departments during a press conference called to discuss security concerns when the grand jury's decision in the Michael Brown case is announced. (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images)
Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon (D) declared a state of emergency Monday in anticipation of possible unrest following the announcement of findings of two separate criminal investigations into the death of Michael Brown, the unarmed black teenager killed by a Ferguson, Mo. police officer.
“Regardless of the outcomes of the federal and state criminal investigations, there is the possibility of expanded unrest,” Nixon said in an executive order. “The state of Missouri will be prepared to appropriately respond to any reaction to these announcements.”
Nixon said in the order he directed the Missouri State Highway Patrol, St. Louis County Police Department, and St. Louis Metropolitan Police Department to “operate as a Unified Command to protect civil rights” and put the St. Louis County Police Department in charge of security in Ferguson related to protest areas and demonstrations.
He also said the adjutant general of the Missouri could “call and order into active service such portions of the organized militia as he deems necessary to protect life and property.”
The state of emergency will expire in 30 days unless Nixon extends it.
Eric Zuesse, originally posted at strategic-culture.org
To say that the U.S. public don't care if ‘news'media lie, is shocking, but I shall here present evidence that it actually is true — not in some mere theory, but in empirical fact.
A typical example of Americans not caring about the truthfulness, nor even about the honesty, of their sources of alleged ‘news', is that, during the period of October 3rd through the 5th, there were two news-reports both of which were true, but which, when taken together, display the total disconnect between newsmedia-honesty, on the one hand, and the confidence that the American people have in the nation's ‘news'media, on the other.
One of these two news-reports was published on October 5th by the anonymous blogger who has come to be, amongst readers who closely follow and investigate the war in Syria, the most-trusted source of reporting on it, and the article was headlined, “Russia Issues Third Warning Against U.S. Cooperation With Terrorists”, and it provided links to each of the three recent instances in which the U.S. Government was cooperating with ISIS to defeat Syria and its defender Russia, in Syria. It summarily described the ways in which the U.S. had been exposed (but not by U.S. ‘news'media) as having been providing vital intelligence and other crucial assistance to ISIS, in ISIS's efforts to overthrow and replace the existing Syrian Government (headed by Bashar al-Assad). That report should be read by anyone who proceeds further here, because it covers events that were certainly of top international importance and that might even precipitate war between the U.S. and Russia, but which were reported little if at all in U.S. 'news'media. Of course, it would be very bad for U.S. 'news'media to allow the U.S. to become involved in a nuclear war against Russia and to have hidden, from the American public, the U.S. Government's provocations which had produced such a war. The U.S. here was helping ISIS kill Russian and Syrian soldiers in Syria, who are trying to eradicate ISIS and all other jihadist groups there (including Al Qaeda etc.). Obviously, ISIS is not popular amongst the American public; and, for the United States to be constantly condemning ISIS in public, while secretly assisting ISIS to kill Russian troops and Syrian Government troops inside Syria (whose Government had invited Russia into the war to assist it to survive the onslaughts from ISIS and from the other U.S.-backed fundamentalist-Sunni jihadist groups who are backed also by Saudi Arabia and by some other fundamentalist-Islamic Sunni governments, as well as by the U.S. Government), would be disapproved of by the American people, if they were to have been informed of it. Some Americans would even be disturbed to recognize that the U.S. and its allies in Syria are all invaders there, very unlike those Russian troops are, because Russians are allies of the existing government — quite the opposite of invaders (such as the U.S. and its allies there). Some Americans dislike not only ISIS, but invaders and invasions, on basic principle. But American ‘news'media are very supportive of all of the U.S. Government's invasions — Iraq, Libya, Syria, etc. So, that was a very important article about very important matters that are being hidden from the U.S. public by the U.S. ‘news' media.
The other news-report was from Reuters, and it headlined, on October 3rd, “The press, branded the ‘enemy' by Trump, increasingly trusted by the public: Reuters/Ipsos poll”.
The report about the three warnings from Russia, proves (as do many other evidences) the deceit, the selective covering-up of crucial facts, by the U.S. press. It's not a “press” in the democratic sense, but instead a pro-invasion propaganda-operation — it is a propaganda-operation (as that October 5th article proved, and I have documented also many times, such as here, here, and here). However, Reuters reports that “The poll of more than 14,300 people found that the percentage of adults who said they had a “great deal” or “some” confidence in the press rose to 48 percent in September from 39 percent last November.”
How much sheer lying has been exposed (but not by the press) about America's press, during that time? I, and many others who are not in the press, or who are no longer in the press, have reported plenty of it (such as I've linked-to here, and others are, in turn, additionally linked-to in each one of those articles about our scandalous American press-institution). Here, then, are a few of my own recent reports about important context for accurately interpreting this Reuters article, which is intentionally not mentioned (but is instead hidden) by Reuters:
One, just a few weeks ago, headlined “U.S. Near Bottom In Public Trust Of Newsmedia” and reported that:
“According to the most extensive study ever done of the public's usages of, and trust in, the newsmedia in their country — a study that (in late January early February) scientifically sampled thousands of people in each one of 36 different industrialized countries — the United States scored #28, which was in the bottom 22% of all 36 nations, regarding the public's trust of the newsmedia.”
That study was done by the Reuters Institute, under the title “Reuters Institute Digital News Report 2017”. That title was credited in my rews-report, as being its source; and, so, my article about the “Reuters Institute Digital News Report 2017” should show up in a Google seach for “Reuters Institute Digital News Report 2017”, but it does not (which raises a question about the search-engine). However one other news-report about the “Reuters Institute Digital News Report 2017” does show up in a Google search of that title: the Irish Times headlined “Report shows trust in news higher in Ireland than International average”, and it opened:
“Irish people under the age of 35 are more likely to pay for online news, according to the latest Oxford Reuters Digital News Report published today. The report notes that, despite growing up with free online entertainment, younger people have developed the habit of paying for some media. In Ireland, the 18-24 and 25-34 age groups are most likely to pay for online news, at 12 per cent and 13 per cent respectively. Irish people have a strong interest in news and have higher levels of trust in the news media than the international average, according to the report.”
Furthermore, a duckduckgo.com search for that Reuters title, “Reuters Institute Digital News Report 2017” shows an article headlined “Media Coverage for the Digital News Report 2017”, and that's a news-report from, and published by, the Reuters Institute itself; and you can see there what the titles are of the news-reports about it, which Reuters itself had found and reported in their own story, and none of those titles would be of any interest to the general public, all of those titles were published only in the trade press for the journalism industry and for the public relations (or propaganda) industry (it's now actually one industry-group). The news-report that I had done, didn't show up anywhere, but it was the only general-interest news-report that had been based upon that massive Reuters Institute study, the only report focusing on what is of general interest in it. All the rest of the ‘news'media had ignored it altogether; and, though I submitted that news-report, the only one ever about the general-interest findings contained in the “Reuters Institute Digital News Report 2017,” to all U.S. general-interest ‘news'media, the only media which published it, were: washingtonsblog, informationclearinghouse, off-guardian, greanvillepost, and rinf, plus mirror-sites of any of those (all of which sites are even smaller than those). So, unless a person happens to follow those sites, the individual won't know anything of the important findings in that massive Reuters study.
And, my news-report on it pointed out that the Reuters study showed far below-average public confidence in the ‘news'media by Americans as opposed to the global average. But when, just a few months later, Reuters did a story which showed that Americans' trust in the ‘news'media had increased, that merited a Reuters news-story to the general press, even though their global study, which had been published just months earlier, and which showed widespread distrust by Americans of the ‘news'media as compared to the publics in other countries, Reuters informed only PR agencies and ‘journalism' corporations and professors about that study, and without any indication ever to anyone that the distrust of the press by the publics in a few countries, such as France and America, was very high (and that it was astronomically high in Greece and in Korea — only 23% trust in each). The ‘news'media hide their rottennesses, instead of investigating and reporting them.
Obviously, the press does a big cover-up job on its own rottennesses, which are institutional, and not merely “a few bad apples.”
Other news-reports that I have done on this subject include, for example, a report about how the press hid from the public the fact that when George W. Bush said on 7 September 2002 that the IAEA had found that Saddam Hussein was only six months from having a nuclear bomb, the press hid from the public the IAEA's prompt and repeated statements that they had never issued any such finding or report at all. The invasion was based on such lies and cover-ups. After commonly repeated instances such as that, going on for so many years, and always hiding that the U.S. Government is lying in order to invade some country or other, why doesn't the U.S. public yet recognize that the U.S. press is what one finds in a dictatorship such as the U.S. has been proven to be, and not an authentic journalistic institution at all. If the Greeks and Koreans have a 23% level of trust in their ‘news'media, is the only reason for Americans' having a 38% level of trust (as shown on page 21) the U.S. media's greater effectiveness at fooling its public?
This news-report will (as I routinely do) be submitted to all U.S. national ‘news'media for publication. How many do you think will publish it? And, how many of those will be major ‘news'media? Just google the headline here, “U.S. Public Don't Care if ‘News'media Lie”, in order to find out which the honest few actually are. But don't trust Google, either. The entire media-institution is rotten. And, it's not because of errors. It's because of the lies and the cover-ups, which are systematic, and which pump things to support the ideology that's called “neoliberalism” in economics, and “neoconservatism” in foreign policies. It used to be called simply: “imperialism.” It's the modern ideology of dictatorship. It's the ideology of the American press, and that's an overwhelmingly documented fact — no mere hypothesis, at all.
The U.S. ‘news'media drown the public in neoliberal-neoconservative propaganda. And that's the reason why online-searching for this headline won't find this article at the New York Times, Washington Post, The Atlantic, CNN, Slate, etc. — not at any of the ‘news' media that pumped in 2002 and 2003 for invading Iraq. Nothing has changed about the U.S. press during at least the past 15 years. And the American public just don't much care that they're being constantly lied-to by the major ‘news'media and are voting on that deceived basis.
—————
Investigative historian Eric Zuesse is the author, most recently, of They're Not Even Close: The Democratic vs. Republican Economic Records, 1910-2010, and of CHRIST'S VENTRILOQUISTS: The Event that Created Christianity.
Hopes of blocking landlords from evicting tenants who complain about problems in their home were dashed today — after a Tory MP used an hour-long speech to ‘talk out' the Tenancies (Reform) Bill. Protections against retaliatory eviction now stand little chance of becoming law, despite enjoying cross-party and government support.
As declared in the debate, the register of members' interests for hard-right crackpot Philip Davies reveals that he himself owns a rented flat in the capital:
8. Land and Property
Flat in London from which rental income is received. (Registered 18 September 2012)
Having endured an hour of Davies' drivel — designed purely to block the passage of bill — shouts of “outrageous” resounded across the chamber when the Shipley MP suggested the deputy speaker was biased in invoking an obscure parliamentary procedure to obligate him to conclude his speech:
An exasperated parliamentary source told Scrapbook:
“Fridays in parliament are becoming a complete joke. They're dominated by a right-wing clique of MPs who will filibuster anything which isn't the Margaret Thatcher Day Bill“
With a majority of nearly 10,000, however, we won't be seeing the back of Davies any time soon.
The great books you read in translation—from classics like Madame Bovary and Don Quixote to contemporary sensations like Karl Ove Knausgaard's My Struggle (the fifth volume is out this month)—are not only the work of their famous authors. They are also the creation of the multilingual wordsmiths who bring them to you in English. Here, six of the world's most esteemed translators take center stage.
Specialty: Norwegian
# of Books Translated: “Between 50 and 60.”
First Notable Translation: The Golden Section, by Pernille Rygg
Noteworthy Authors: Jo Nesbø, Per Petterson, Karl Ove Knausgaard
Known for: My Struggle, by Karl Ove Knausgaard
Process: “I put down one draft and that kind of takes away my nerves, then I feel more comfortable taking risks with what I'm doing, and then I improve it and improve it.”
Next Up: Home and Away, by Karl Ove Knausgaard and Fredrik Ekelund
Jamey Gambrell
Specialty: Russian
# of Books Translated: “More than a dozen.”
First Notable Translation: Sleepwalker in a Fog, by Tatyana Tolstaya
Noteworthy Authors: Joseph Brodsky, Tatyana Tolstaya, Marina Tsvetaeva, Vladimir Sorokin, Anton Chekhov, Mikhail Shishkin
Known for: The Blizzard, by Vladimir Sorokin
Process: “I like to read the thing first, so that I have a picture of the whole story in my head, and then start.”
Next Up: Brodsky/Baryshnikov, poetry for performance
Ann Goldstein
Specialty: Italian
# of Books Translated: “Like 35 books, since 1992.”
First Notable Translation: Journey to the Land of the Flies, by Aldo Buzzi
Noteworthy Authors: Elena Ferrante, Primo Levi, Pier Paolo Pasolini, Giacomo Leopardi, Jhumpa Lahiri
Known for: My Brilliant Friend, by Elena Ferrante
Process: “I sit down at the desk and I type. I do the first draft fast, then I do the second draft and another draft and then the fourth. I do a lot of drafts.”
Next Up: The Young Bride, by Alessandro Baricco
Edith Grossman
Specialty: Spanish
# of Books Translated: “Somebody told me the other day it was 60. I don't know if that's true.”
First Notable Translation: Drums for Rancas, by Manuel Scorza
Noteworthy Authors: Miguel de Cervantes, Macedonio Fernández, Gabriel García Márquez, Mario Vargas Llosa, Mayra Montero
Known for: Don Quixote, by Miguel de Cervantes
Process: “I translate as carefully as I can for the first draft, because the more care I take in the beginning, the less time I have to spend at the end doing revisions.”
Next Up: Exemplary Novels, by Miguel de Cervantes
Lydia Davis
Specialty: French
# of Books Translated: “About 35.”
First Notable Translation: Death Sentence, by Maurice Blanchot
Noteworthy Authors: Marcel Proust, Gustave Flaubert, Michel Leiris, Michel Butor, Maurice Blanchot, Georges Simenon
Known for: Swann's Way, by Marcel Proust
Process: “When I was translating novels, I would not read the text first, and that was very important to me because it let me retain the excitement of the unknown.”
Next Up: VssZkv, very short stories by A.L. Snijders
Michael Hofmann
Specialty: German
# of Books Translated: “I think I've translated 80-odd books.”
First Notable Translation: Castle Gripsholm, by Kurt Tucholsky
Noteworthy Authors: Hans Fallada, Jakob Wassermann, Joseph Roth, Peter Stamm, Franz Kafka
Known for: Every Man Dies Alone, by Hans Fallada
Process: “I do it as quickly as I can; then I put it away. I let it sit for three months or six months; then I go back to it and revise it five, 10, 15, 20 times.”
Next Up: Berlin Alexanderplatz, by Alfred Döblin
An Iraqi baby born with eight limbs has undergone surgery to remove his extra arms and legs.
Karam, seven months, was plagued by an extremely rare condition where a conjoined twin did not fully form.
Instead of growing a separate body, the other undeveloped baby's limbs absorbed into his as a result of polymelia.
But his father flew him to India for the complex operation, hailed as a world first, to remove the unnecessary limbs.
Karam, seven months, was born with an extremely rare condition where a conjoined twin did not fully form - causing him to have eight limbs
But his father flew him to India for the complex operation, hailed as a world first, to remove the unnecessary limbs ( pictured with his parents Gufran Ali, Sarwed Ahmed Nadar, and the team of surgeons at Jaypee Hospital, Delhi)
Seven-month-old baby Karam pictured before the operation to remove the extra limbs
Surgeons at Jaypee Hospital, Delhi, performed a three-stage operation to remove his protruding extra arms and legs.
The rare disorder occurs in the womb when the cells form abnormally during embryonic development.
The embryo begins to develop as conjoined twins. But one twin stops growing, leaving the remaining developments - often limbs - of the undeveloped twin attached to the body of the live baby.
There are just a handful of known cases worldwide of this condition, which made the task more difficult for the doctors.
Senior orthopaedic consultant Dr Gaurav Rathore, who was involved in the surgery, said: 'He was brought to us when he was just two weeks old and his condition was quite unique.
'Most of the surgeries we performed had not been attempted before.
There are just five or six known cases worldwide of this condition, which made the task more difficult for the doctors, they said
A hub of medical tourism, India attracts thousands of patients from all over the world, owing to low costs and high quality of medical care (pictured with his parents)
WHAT IS POLYMELIA? Polymelia is a rare birth defect that only affects one in a million infants and causes sufferers to be born with extra limbs. The rare disorder occurs in the womb when the cells form abnormally during embryonic development. Sometimes an embryo started as conjoined twins, but one twin degenerated completely except for one or more limbs, which end up attached to the other twin. There are very few known cases of Polymelia around the world.
'Till now our journey has been quite successful. Karam is a very courageous young baby. He is in fact a very happy child.'
The first part of the surgery involved removing the limbs sticking out from his stomach, Dr Rathore told local reporters.
Surgeons then corrected a cardiac problem that occurred as a result of his rare condition.
The final procedure saw doctors remove all the extra limbs, though he will require more procedures as he grows older to correct other anomalies.
A hub of medical tourism, India attracts thousands of patients from all over the world, owing to low costs and high quality of medical care.
Karam's father Sarwed Ahmed Nadar, who was initially horrified when his son was born, said his only hope was that his son now grows up normal and healthy.
The 28-year-old said: 'He is my only child and the first-born is always special. There were a lot of risks but I never lost hope.'
2013 marked the 500th anniversary of the composition of Machiavelli's The Prince. Not surprisingly, the past eighteen months have seen a plethora of conferences and publications celebrating this event. Among the latter is Redeeming the Prince, by Maurizio Viroli, one of the most prominent expositors of Machiavelli during the past three decades. Viroli's prolific scholarly output includes biographical, contextual and theoretical studies of Machiavelli.
In this volume, Viroli takes aim at one of the most perplexing features of The Prince, namely, the meaning of its 26th and final chapter, entitled "Exhortation to seize Italy and restore and free her from the barbarians." Why has this section been especially resistant to understanding and explication? Much of the problem lies with an overt and pronounced change in tone and language that distinguishes Chapter 26 from the preceding text. Indeed, scholars have occasionally been so disturbed by the shift in style that they have doubted whether the last chapter could have been composed of a piece with the rest of The Prince. Some have regarded it as an expression of Machiavelli's patriotism. Still others have been led to pronounce it simply a "ruse" or an elaborate "joke."
It is true that Chapter 26 may come as something of a surprise after the icy and even "shocking" tone of the preceding chapters. Machiavelli opens it with the question of whether the political program articulated in the first twenty-five chapters is plausible and practicable. Are the times propitious for the unification of Italy? Who might be capable of performing such a task? Looking back to the litany of great men who succeeded in establishing new states (specifically, Moses, Cyrus and Theseus), Machiavelli observes that the qualities (which he summarizes by term virtù) necessary for such grand feats are most often displayed in desperate circumstances. And Italy, he notes, is in precisely such straits: more enslaved than the Jews in Egypt, more oppressed than the Persians under the Medes, more disunited than the Athenians. But these are no mere coincidences. Instead, Machiavelli invokes God's plan in preparing the times for the arrival of a new prince, who is heralded in quasi-religious terms as a "redeemer" who will assuage Italy's woes. In light of Machiavelli's reputation as immoral and irreligious, such language introduces a hitherto underappreciated dimension of analysis: the divine hand is seen to be at work. This position has been advocated only recently, albeit from divergent perspectives, by a few scholars, such as Sebastian de Grazia, Miguel Vatter and myself, as well as by Viroli in a previous book entitled Machiavelli's God. In response to the second question, Machiavelli is normally thought to identify the house of the Medici, the ruling family of Florence since 1512, and especially Lorenzo de' Medici (to whom The Prince is dedicated) as the divinely chosen agent of Italian unification. (It should be noted, however, that nowhere in Chapter 26 does Machiavelli actually mention Lorenzo or the Medici family by name.) Machiavelli offers a stirring and impassioned plea for the emergence of "redeemer" of Italy. He evidently envisions Lorenzo as just the man to accomplish this redemption and thereby to gain limitless love from a populace sick of foreign invasion and ready to rally around him and his house.
In contrast to most scholars, for whom Chapter 26 cannot be reconciled with the previous body of the text, Viroli insists that Machiavelli's "Exhortation" represents the very crescendo of The Prince. How does Viroli arrive at such an unconventional reading? After introducing his initial statement of his thesis -- "that Niccolò Machiavelli wrote The Prince to design and invoke a redeemer of Italy capable of creating, with God's help, new and good political order, thereby attaining perennial glory" (p. 3) -- he engages in an extended critique of a range of alternative interpretations of The Prince as a whole in relation to Chapter 26. Viroli convincingly demolishes these positions on a combination of textual and historical grounds. Viroli then presents his own position. His overarching insight, I take it, is that we ought to take Machiavelli at his word when he speaks of religious matters and, in particular, mentions the workings of God. The prevailing tendency, of course, has been to dismiss such references as reflective of either his impiety or his wicked sense of humor. On this important point, I believe Viroli to be largely correct. Scholars have all-too-often filtered their readings of Machiavelli through a set of preconceived notions or impressions of what they assume he was saying, according to his longstanding reputation, rather than what the text actually states. This does not mean that Machiavelli's political thought lacks an underlying agenda, but rather that we must always commence our investigations by taking the words he wrote seriously and at face value.
Viroli's interpretation usefully links Chapter 6 of The Prince with Chapter 26. In Chapter 6, Machiavelli distinguishes between "unarmed" and "armed" prophets. The former group, excoriated by Machiavelli, is represented by Girolamo Savonarola, the Dominican friar who briefly led Florence's republic before his execution in 1498. By contrast, "armed" prophets -- those who have successfully acquired and maintained their power -- include such figures as Cyrus, Theseus, and (especially) Moses, who recognized their opportunity to act decisively and who possessed the skill to do so. In all cases, such opportunity involved the ability of a strong leader to unite and direct a people whose condition had previously been weakened. As Viroli emphasizes, this is the very theme that animates Machiavelli's "Exhortation" in Chapter 26: the dissolute circumstances of a "nation" (meant in the broadest sense) whose people are prepared to run great risks in order to expel foreign rulers and their troops, but who lack the requisite leadership to achieve this goal. Machiavelli's exemplars of successful rulership in Chapter 6 return in Chapter 26, with the further identification of their deeds with those of the future conqueror of Italy (if only he would grasp the opportunity). According to Viroli, "Machiavelli wrote The Prince for a new Moses" (p. 53), that is, someone who possessed the sort of virtù demanded for the unification and revival of a dissipated Italy.
A central element of Viroli's case for his reading of the unity and coherence of The Prince involves a reconstruction of Machiavelli's personal and psychological circumstances in the period immediately before and after its composition. Viroli suggests that Machiavelli, upon his release in February 1513 from Medicean confinement, during which he had been tortured, was disconsolate and devastated. Drawing on a number of the Florentine's letters written during the period after The Prince was completed, Viroli concludes that "As time went by, Machiavelli's mood was even more melancholic and depressed" (p. 62) so that he would have been incapable of composing the vigorous and rhetorically powerful case contained in Chapter 26. Viroli claims that he is not engaging in psychological reductionism, but only providing a historical context for understanding the meaning of The Prince. I am not, however, convinced that these biographical observations add very much to Viroli's defense of his interpretation of Machiavelli. Indeed, inasmuch as they rely on Viroli's wholly subjective judgment that Machiavelli's mood prevented him from writing Chapter 26 after the rest of The Prince, his claims in this regard detract from his argument and are, in any case, unnecessary.
The next chapters of Redeeming the Prince address two of the central interpretive problems posed by The Prince: the character of Machiavelli's alleged "realism" and the use he made of rhetorical techniques. The latter issue Viroli already tackled extensively in his 1998 survey of Machiavelli's thought. What he adds here to his previous work is a careful exposition of how Machiavelli employed a wide range of rhetorical devices specifically in the "Exhortation." Rhetoric, of course, is commonly understood as the application of persuasive language (often of an emotional sort) in order to inspire its audience to act in some desired fashion. In particular, Machiavelli's invocation of prophetic wording in Chapter 26, according to Viroli, reflects the overarching purpose of The Prince: the call for a redeemer, presumably Lorenzo de' Medici, to unify Italy in order to remove the foreign elements that have dominated its politics. Machiavelli says that such a redeemer is sanctioned by God, who has rendered the moment propitious for such action. Viroli insists that we must take Machiavelli at his word in this regard, rather than dismissing it as incompatible with the general message of The Prince.
That supposed "general message" helps us to grasp the sense in which Machiavelli may be characterized as a realist for Viroli. Specifically, Viroli asserts that Machiavelli adopts the stance of a "realist with imagination." By this he means that Machiavelli perfectly well understood the situation of Italy as it existed in his own day; this is his "realist" dimension. Yet he posits that Machiavelli was also engaged in an imaginative way to change such reality by promoting a savior, a redeemer, capable of instituting the reforms necessary to transform the realities of his day. On Viroli's account, Machiavelli pursued this agenda by mythologizing the great men of bygone times as well as some of his contemporaries. Thus, he mythologizes the redeemers whom he lauds in Chapters 6 and 26 -- such as Moses, Cyrus and Theseus -- as well as recent political figures such as Caterina Sforza and (especially) Cesare Borgia, both of whom he had encountered during his days in the Florentine civil service. Their deeds are transformed by him without regard to their actual behavior, for which Machiavelli has no use. Machiavelli's realism, then, is not confined to an effort to analyze and explain political events and personalities, past and present, in the manner of a political scientist. Rather, he renders his favored subjects larger than life, with the purpose of exhorting the redeemer to aim at their example, even if he falls short.
Viroli rounds out the book with a chapter examining the reception of Machiavelli's ideas in later times, particularly in the nineteenth century, in order to demonstrate that his reading of The Prince is not unprecedented. Although Viroli readily admits that early modern interpretations either condemned Machiavelli or emphasized his republicanism, he identifies a fundamental transformation in the understanding of The Prince occurring c.1800. This shift was led by German thinkers such as Hegel and Fichte, as well as the Italian man of letters Vittorio Alfieri, all of whom recognized and embraced Machiavelli's message of redemption. According to Viroli, this approach to interpreting Machiavelli soon spread to both England and France. Moreover, Viroli surveys Italian scholarship on Machiavelli during the first half of the twentieth century and finds that many of its leading practitioners picked up on and extended the themes of the "Exhortation." In this sense, Viroli has merely resuscitated and restated a line of interpretation that has a good pedigree. Does this imply that his reading of The Prince is unoriginal? By no means. Although inspired by earlier authors (as are many scholars), Viroli has presented a systematic and cogent approach to Machiavelli that had been largely forgotten but that presents important insights into the structure and meaning of The Prince. Whether or not they agree with Viroli, all students of Machiavelli owe him gratitude for calling our attention to an alternative way of conceiving The Prince.
U.S. House seeks to block Perry's school funding action House seeks to block Perry's school action
Democrats say governor failed to give districts cash
The proposal would allow the federal government to give money directly to school districts, provided Perry certifies that the federal support will not replace the state money. Perry must also agree not to proportionally cut education funding more than any other item in the next budget.
While the measure includes $10 billion in education funding nationally, Texas is the only state that must make such a certification before receiving the federal funding. Texas school districts stand to receive about $820 million in funding to hire additional employees.
Congressional Democrats pushed for the provision after Texas received more than $3 billion from the government in 2009 to boost education funding, only to see Perry not use the funds to augment the education budget.
Democrats charge that while Perry officially accepted the money from Washington, he simultaneously slashed the state's contributions to the education budget, allowing the state to essentially pocket the federal dollars without increasing school aid.
"Instead of a historic boost in local school support, our schoolchildren were left no better off," Rep. Lloyd Doggett, D-Austin, said. "Three billion dollars (in federal money) made no difference to our local schools."
In a statement Friday, Perry's office urged the Senate to reject the measure.
"At the urging of Texas Democrats, the House has added language to the War Supplemental bill that effectively kills about $800 million in federal funding for Texas schools," said Perry spokeswoman Katherine Cesinger. "The House-passed version requires that the governor guarantee the Legislature will provide a certain level of state funding, which is prohibited by the Texas Constitution, for education through fiscal year 2013.
"It will be at least June 1, 2011, before the Legislature passes and the comptroller certifies the 2012-13 budget. That means Texas would not be able to use any of these funds to save teacher jobs — as Congress has intended the money be used - for at least one full school year."
Several Perry refusals
Perry's record of refusing federal money for education is not limited to the stimulus funds. Under Perry, Texas has twice declined to apply for the Race to the Top grant, a federal program that awards money to states for making specific improvements to their education systems, such as enabling more charter schools and creating performance-based pay for teachers and administrators.
Texas Education Commissioner Robert Scott said Friday that Congress is punishing Texas for refusing to participate in such Obama administration education initiatives and Washington has "painted a target on Texas."
Perry, who has argued the rules for the money infringe on the rights of a state to set its own education standards, has resisted seeking the Race to the Top money.
The Democratic gubernatorial campaign of former Houston Mayor Bill White said the congressional action proved that Perry's politics had interfered with Texas education.
"In his quest to grandstand about Washington and promote his political career, Perry has proven over and over again that he is only in if for himself, not Texas students," said Katy Bacon, a spokeswoman for the White campaign.
When it passed its own version of the funding bill in May, the Senate did not include the Texas-specific language. The measure will return to the Senate for final consideration.
40 school chiefs want it
Last month, a group of nearly 40 Texas school superintendents, including those from Houston, San Antonio, Dallas, Austin and Laredo, pleaded with Congress to make special arrangements to ensure Texas schools could receive the money.
"The last thing we need to allow is these funds to be diverted," the superintendents wrote to congressional leaders. "We hope that you will ensure that Texas school districts do not fall through the cracks this time around."
But a day after the House action, Houston Independent School District Superintendent Terry Grier expressed disappointment that the money's primary purpose was to create or maintain jobs, saying he wanted to "help close the achievement gap" with any federal dollars.
"We want the money for reform initiatives," Grier said.
Stewart Powell of the Washington bureau also contributed to this report.
alan.blinder@chron.com
Pro Wrestling Sheet has learned that rumors of Brock Lesnar re-entering the USADA testing pool for MMA are true … however, it's not because he's planning a fight at Madison Square Garden this year.
Sources tell us Brock's contract with WWE expires not long after WrestleMania 34 next year and he's already made it clear to backstage officials that he currently doesn't intend to re-sign.
We're told the reason Lesnar has re-entered the testing pool is so that when his contract is up, he can make the right decision about his next career move … should he want to return to MMA.
According to Fightful.com's Sean Ross Sapp, Lesnar has to re-enter the testing pool and fulfill the rest of his suspension before he's allowed to fight in UFC again.
With all that being said, WWE could always make him a big offer to keep him from doing so.
UPDATE: A UFC official told MMA Fighting that Brock is not back in the pool yet … however, our sources indicate that if he's not officially back in at this point, it's in the process of happening.
Citigroup was bailed out by the US government in November Struggling US banking giant Citigroup has announced plans to split the firm in two, as it reported a quarterly loss of $8.29bn (£5.6bn). It said it would realign into two new firms, Citicorp and Citi Holdings. Citicorp will handle the company's traditional banking work, while Citi Holdings will take on the firm's riskiest investment assets. Last autumn, Citigroup had to be rescued by the US government in a bail-out deal totalling $45bn. The government also agreed to guarantee up to $306bn (£205bn) of risky loans and securities on Citigroup's books. 'Ongoing efforts' "Given the economic and market environment, we have decided to accelerate the implementation of our strategy to focus on our core businesses," said Citigroup chief executive Vikram Pandit. "This will help in our ongoing efforts to reduce our balance sheet and simplify our organisation. "We are setting out a clear roadmap to restore profitability." Citigroup's net loss for the last three months of 2008 works out at $1.72 per share, worse than analyst expectations of $1.31. Its quarterly revenues were down 13% to $5.6bn, which Citigroup said reflected "the impact of a difficult economic environment and weak capital markets". "I think people knew it was going to be bad, but I'm surprised it's this bad," said Matt McCormick, portfolio manager at Bahl & Gaynor Investment Counsel in Cincinnati. Good and bad Analysts say the split essentially puts Citigroup's solid and profitable consumer banking interests in the hands of the new Citicorp, while the bad investment debts that forced it to seek government help go into Citi Holdings. This will enable Citicorp to return to profitability much quicker than would have been possible for Citigroup as a single firm. CITIGROUP SPLIT Citicorp - to have responsibility for universal banking operations Citi Holdings - to take on the firm's brokerage and investment interests, and a special pool of loss-making assets
The rise and fall of Citigroup Meanwhile, the bosses at Citi Holdings will have the arduous task of sorting through the mass of bad debt, picking out what can be salvaged. Citigroup said it was now looking for a "strong manager" to head Citi Holdings. Redundancies For 2008 as a whole, the bank made a net loss of $18.72bn. It blamed the losses on having to write off bad debt and the cost of making redundancies.
The firm cut 52,000 jobs last year as its losses mounted against the backdrop of the sharp downturn in the US mortgage market and the resulting global credit crunch. "We are committed to helping the financial markets recover as quickly as possible," added Mr Pandit. The firm added that it also expected further departures from its board of directors. It was announced last week that director Robert Rubin, a former US Treasury Secretary is to leave the firm. Bank of America Citigroup's announcement comes after news that rival Bank of America is to receive $20bn in fresh US government aid and $118bn worth of guarantees against bad assets. The emergency funding will help the troubled bank - the US's largest - absorb the losses it incurred when it bought Merrill Lynch. Bank of America has already received $25bn in capital injections from the Troubled Assets Relief Programme, known as Tarp, the bail-out fund designed to rescue banks reeling from the financial crisis. In another development, the Irish government has said it is to nationalise the Anglo Irish Bank after its funding problems continued.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Obesity and Child Custody
November 3, 2011
We have all watched First Lady Michelle Obama plant vegetables in the White House Garden, visit news and talk shows to promote better nutrition for our Nation's children, and now wait for her soon-to-be published healthy-eating cookbook, American Grown: How the White House Kitchen Garden Inspires Families, Schools, and Communities. So we were hardly surprised when we noticed a reoccurring new argument in child custody battles; child obesity.
There have always been chubby kids. In fact, some would say that kids don't lose all their baby fat until they hit puberty. But now we have an epidemic of fat kids. According to a Center for Disease Control report, there are more than 12 million obese kids in the US, and that they will likely have a shorter lifespan than their parents.
This alarming fact is now being used as a weapon in family law courts around the country by parents locked in contentious custody battles.
Douglas Gardner, a family-law practitioner in Tempe, Arizona told Fox News, “Typically, one parent is accusing the other of putting a child at risk of developing diabetes or heart disease—or saying that the child is miserable because he's getting made fun of at school.”
ABC News reported last summer that Harvard University child obesity expert Dr. David Ludwig sparked outrage among families and professionals across the country when he wrote that some parents should lose custody of their severely obese children.
“In severe instances of childhood obesity, removal from the home may be justifiable, from a legal standpoint, because of imminent health risks and the parents' chronic failure to address medical problems.”
Similar health risk arguments used to be made about smoking. However, the anti-smoking lobby has successfully reduced the number of active smokers by promoting tough laws and on-going education campaigns. The same is not yet true of the anti-obesity movement. Yes, the Nation is making progress – sometimes with regulations such as no soda for sale in schools, and sometimes by using economic pressure such as Southwest Airlines 2-ticket policy for overweight passengers who may encroach on a neighboring seat space.
If the analysis of child custody is to be focused on the child's best interest, then it's expected that these arguments will influence the child custody agreements. Child obesity is a serious health matter and perhaps it's one the courts should look at when making custody determinations.
Advertisements
This would make a great starter CD for anyone who may want to have some Roy Orbison in their collection. The sound or mastering is well done. The songs of course are Roy Orbison, so they're great! Of course there are other collections like the box set "Roy Orbison The Soul Of Rock and Roll" 4 CD set which has these and many more, but this is a nice one CD collection of songs that span the years of a great, great singer.
If you're like me, you probably already have all these songs on various other CD's and Vinyl's. However, if you're like me, you'll probably get it anyway, just to have it. With that said, it is a good set of songs ranging from his Sun Records days (Ooby Dooby) which Roy still included in his concerts, at least the 3 I was fortunate to go see. His Monument, MGM years, and Virgin hits from the Mystery Girl album. Even a couple from the Traveling Wilburys. So it's a nice mix of different times of Roy's career.
I would highly recommend it to anyone just looking for a great CD of some of Roy's biggest or best. I would still recommend it to anyone looking to add to their Roy Orbison Collection. If you have "All-Time Greatest Hits of Roy Orbison", "The Essential Roy Orbison", "Mystery Girl", and "The Traveling Wilburys Volume 1", then you have most of these songs. If my count is correct, and you have the 4 CD's I've listed, the 2 songs you would be getting for the first time is "Too Soon To Know" and "Heartbreak Radio".
Overall, well done, great set of songs from the man Elvis once called "the greatest singer of all-time". The last time I saw Roy was 6 weeks before his passing at the Arizona State Fair, and yes, he was amazing! What a voice!
Coming Soon
Jupiter's Legacy
When a superhero seizes control of the government, the next generation of heroes must join the new regime or fight back. Based on Mark Millar's comics.
Shimmers
In this supernatural eco-thriller, five teens at an isolated school in northern Thailand are haunted by their pasts -- and a much more sinister force.
Delhi Crime
Based on true events, this dramatized series follows the police investigation of the 2012 Delhi gang-rape case. Starring Shefali Shah and Adil Hussain.
ReMastered: The Lion's Share
A journalist seeking the author of "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" discovers the story of Solomon Linda and finds his family living in the slums of Soweto.
The Dirt
In this dramatization of Mötley Crüe's no-holds-barred autobiography, the band hits the monster highs and savage lows of heavy metal superstardom.
Walk. Ride. Rodeo.
In the wake of an accident that leaves her paralyzed, a champion rodeo rider vows to get back on her horse and compete again. Based on a true story.
The Last Summer
The summer after they graduate from high school, a group of teens navigates friendship, romance and family relationships before heading off to college.
Madam C.J. Walker Project
This limited series chronicles the incredible true story of Madam C.J. Walker, who was the first African-American self-made millionaire.
Christopher Torchia, The Associated Press
JOHANNESBURG -- Tens of thousands of South Africans demonstrated peacefully Friday in a national outpouring of anger at their scandal-tainted president, and a second agency lowered the country's credit rating to junk status a week after the firing of the respected finance minister.
While concerns grew about the struggling economy and government corruption, the protests were unlikely to pose an immediate threat to President Jacob Zuma, who retains the backing of powerful factions within the ruling African National Congress party. But divisions over his conduct are growing within the party, whose moral authority -- a legacy of its leading role in the fight against white minority rule-- has eroded during his tenure.
Nobel laureate and anti-apartheid leader Desmond Tutu, 85 and ailing, made a rare public appearance to support the protests. His foundation posted a scathing tweet in his name: "We will pray for the downfall of a government that misrepresents us."
In Johannesburg, police fired rubber bullets to disperse about 100 ruling party members who were making their way toward protesters, the African News Agency reported. Separately, ruling party members assaulted several protesters participating in a march organized by the Democratic Alliance, South Africa's biggest opposition group. Other ANC members in military uniforms who had been posted outside their party headquarters helped to escort the protesters to safety.
Police in Pietermaritzburg city also fired rubber bullets to keep Zuma supporters away from a rally against him.
The Fitch agency cited political uncertainty as a factor in its decision to downgrade South Africa's credit rating to below investment grade, days after Standard & Poor's did the same.
Zuma's Cabinet reshuffle, in which Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan was fired, will further discourage companies from investing in South Africa and could weaken "standards of governance and public finances," Fitch said.
The National Treasury described the downgrade as a setback but said the government is committed to fiscal discipline and structural reforms aimed at boosting economic growth.
Zuma did not make any public statements Friday.
The government appealed for calm and said it respected the right to protest peacefully. The country turned to democracy after white minority rule ended in 1994 with the country's first all-race vote and the election of Nelson Mandela as president.
In some cities, protesters with banners lined stretches of road or stood on overpasses; passing cars honked their horns. In the capital, Pretoria, they marched to the Union Buildings, which houses the offices of Zuma and other government officials. In Cape Town, motorcyclists with South African flags led a rally. "Fire Zuma," read some placards.
"We are sick and tired of the flouting of the constitution, flouting of the law" by the government, said Lawson Naidoo, a protest organizer in Cape Town.
South African media outlets posted photos of Tutu and his wife, Leah, standing with residents at a bus shelter outside the retirement home where they are staying in Hermanus, near Cape Town. Tutu was shown smiling and raising a walking stick, apparently to acknowledge passing protesters.
The retired Anglican archbishop, who was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1984 for his peaceful campaign against apartheid, has criticized the ANC for alleged mismanagement over the years. He has been hospitalized several times since 2015 because of infections linked to past treatment for prostate cancer.
Gordhan, the former finance minister, was seen as a counter to the alleged influence of the Gupta family, Indian immigrant businessmen who have been accused of trying to influence some of Zuma's Cabinet picks for their own financial gain. The Guptas deny any wrongdoing, and Zuma has said there was nothing improper in the way he chose ministers.
Police set off stun grenades as tensions grew between rival groups of demonstrators outside the Gupta compound in Saxonwold, an affluent area in Johannesburg.
Zuma and the ruling party, which suffered big losses in municipal elections last year, have been weakened by other scandals around the president. Zuma was forced to reimburse some state money after the constitutional Court ruled against him last year in a dispute over millions of dollars spent on his private home.
Stoke City defender Robert Huth has mocked Liverpool superstar Luis Suarez for crying at Selhurst Park last night.
Liverpool blew a 3-0 lead against Crystal Palace to leave south London with a point that all-but ends their chances of lifting the Premier League next weekend. The point took them top of the table but Manchester City have a game in hand and superior goal difference so four points should seal the title for them, unless Liverpool hit double figures against Newcastle.
Suarez, who was awarded the FWA Player of the Year yesterday, equalled the Premier League goal-scoring record with his 31st goal of the season last night, equalling the 38-game record set by Cristiano Ronaldo and Alan Shearer. Liverpool have been phenomenal in attack this season, reaching 99 goals last night – the second highest total in Premier League history.
However, their defence let them down once more and the toil was too much for Suarez, who broke down on the pitch as their stunning title challenge looks to have been ended.
Robert Huth was not very forgiving, though.
Still maintain that crying on the pitch should warrant a 3 match ban — robert huth (@robert_huth) May 5, 2014
READ THE NEWS? NOT ENOUGH? WELL IMPRESS YOUR FRIENDS WITH THIS LUIS SUAREZ STAT
Only Eden Hazard (88) has created more chances than Luis Suarez (87) in the Premier League this season.
Tweet
In the latest of a series of implausibly appalling statements, Republican presidential nightmare Donald Trump encouraged the Russian government to hack into the servers of US government officials in order to provide him political ammunition against his Democratic rival.
Speaking at a press conference on Wednesday, Trump said: "Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing. I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press."
The comment caused dismay even among reporters who have grown used to Trump's outrageous off-the-cuff comments, typically designed to make him the focus of that day's news cycle.
Trump was referring to the recent scandal over the release of confidential emails from key staffers at the Democratic National Committee (DNC), which resulted in the resignation of its chair, and was trying to tie it into the controversy over Hillary Clinton's private email server that she used while secretary of state.
The DNC, and seemingly the US government's intelligence services, believe the hack was carried out by groups sponsored by the Russian government, with the stolen data then provided to controversial document archive website WikiLeaks.
Received wisdom is that the leak is a calculated effort by the Russian government to undermine Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton – who has taken a firm line with Russia internationally – and so increase the chances of Donald Trump assuming the presidency. The saga has put a spotlight on Trump's praise of Russian president Vladimir Putin and a comment he made about Putin in which he said: "I hope he likes me."
Encouraging a foreign government to act against the interests of the US government was seen as a further sign of how Donald Trump puts personal ambition ahead of national interest, however.
It also comes after dismay last week at comments he made suggesting that he would not stick to Article 5 of the NATO treaty that requires the United States (and all other signatories) to come to the aid of a NATO nation if it is attacked.
Asked specifically about the risk of Russia invading a NATO country in a similar way to which it annexed part of Ukraine in 2014, Trump said he would come to their aid only if they had "fulfilled their obligations to us" – meaning paid their financial dues to NATO.
And repeat
Faced with outrage over his encouragement of the Russian government to hack into US government official servers, Trump fell back into a well-worn path of behavior: he "doubled-down" on his statement by tweeting a slightly modified version of what he said, and then had his spokesman deny that he meant what he actually said.
As if it matters, here are both statements from Trump and his senior comms advisor Jason Miller:
Trump: If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Miller: To be clear, Mr. Trump did not call on, or invite, Russia or anyone else to hack Hillary Clinton's e-mails today.
In a normal election cycle, this comment, as well as literally dozens of similar statements made by Trump in the past few months, would see an effective end to his bid for the presidency.
But in 2016, Donald Trump has beaten all the odds by managing to dominate the news cycles and have the media focus almost exclusively on his comments, creating an extraordinary level of awareness and celebrity over his candidacy that has turned into active support.
The sadder truth is that with the Democratic National Convention taking place this week, Trump has not been as much a feature of the news, with much of the coverage focused on speeches given by the wife of President Obama, Michele, and husband of Hillary Clinton and former president himself, Bill Clinton.
In order to wrest back the headlines and remain in the spotlight, Trump has provided yet one more outrageous statement, guessing – possibly correctly – that his supporters put entertainment above serious questions over suitability when considering who to support for the presidency. ®
REUTERS - A Saudi Arabian court has sentenced a Palestinian poet to death for apostasy, abandoning his Muslim faith, according to trial documents seen by Human Rights Watch, its Middle East researcher Adam Coogle said on Friday.
Ashraf Fayadh was detained by the country's religious police in 2013 in Abha, in southwest Saudi Arabia, and then rearrested and tried in early 2014.
The verdict of that court sentenced him to four years in prison and 800 lashes but after appeal another judge passed a death sentence on Fayadh three days ago, said Coogle.
"I have read the trial documents from the lower court verdict in 2014 and another one from 17 November. It is very clear he has been sentenced to death for apostasy," Coogle said.
Saudi Arabia's justice system is based on Sharia Islamic law and its judges are clerics from the kingdom's ultra conservative Wahhabi school of Sunni Islam. In the Wahhabi interpretation of Sharia, religious crimes including blasphemy and apostasy incur the death penalty.
In January liberal writer Raif Badawi was flogged 50 times after his sentencing to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes for blasphemy last year, prompting an international outcry. Badawi remains in prison, but diplomats say he is unlikely to be flogged again.
Saudi judges have extensive scope to impose sentences according to their own interpretation of Sharia law without reference to any previous cases. After a case has been heard by lower courts, appeals courts and the supreme court, a convicted defendant can be pardoned by King Salman.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Fayadh's conviction was based on evidence from a prosecution witness who claimed to have heard him cursing God, Islam's Prophet Mohammad and Saudi Arabia, and the contents of a poetry book he had written years earlier.
The case went to the Saudi appeals court and was then returned to the lower court, where a different judge on November 17 increased the sentence to death. The second judge ruled defence witnesses who had challenged the prosecution witness' testimony ineligible.
Saudi Arabia's Justice Ministry or other officials could not immediately be reached for comment.
Yesterday on The Michael Medved Show, Medved asked Reince Priebus whether we would see any more Republican debates. Priebus said that the debate committee will be taking up the question at the RNC's spring meeting, which begins today in South Florida and continues through the end of the week.
When the debate schedule was set back in January 2015, most people assumed that a candidate would have clinched the nomination by now, making debates in the springtime superfluous. It turns out that they would be helpful. The nomination is still being contested and the field has narrowed, so each candidate would have ample time to answer questions and explain his ideas in some detail. He would have a bigger canvas to paint on than in earlier debates.
Advertisement
At this point, each candidate has both branded himself and been typecast by opponents and media. Voters who prefer to keep the candidates reduced to headlines and slogans, for the sake of convenience, don't have to watch. It would be for the benefit of voters who want to assess and compare in greater depth the intentions and abilities of the remaining applicants for the job.
Representatives of Independence Guahan spoke before the Mayors Council of Guam today, sparking discussion on self-determination and also the possible reunification of the Mariana Islands.
The discussion began with the controversial Dave Davis decision, with Victoria "Lola" Leon Guerrero saying, "The decision that our plebiscite is race based discrimination, and the Chamorro Land Trust is also race based discrimination, and in violation of the Fair Housing Act. These are two very important measures of restorative justice that were created to basically respond to our history of colonization which has deprived our people of their right to exercise self-determination, deprived us of sovereignty which is a human right, and also deprived us of land."
Leon Guerrero said in response, a Respect the Chamoru People Rally is scheduled to take place in front of Adelup this Friday. "We particularly chose Adelup because it was the site of the campout that led to the implementation of the Chamorro Land Trust," she explained on behalf of the organization. Leon Guerrero has been a long-time advocate of self-determination, telling island mayors, "It's very important of us to not lose sight of the fact that it was the Chamoru people who were colonized and it should be the Chamoru people who should be respected in their actions to decolonize 226 so it is not to disrespect to others who now call Guam home, it's just to say that this particular action is a right reserved for those who were colonized."
However the discussion took a turn when Sinajana mayor Robert Hoffman questioned how this issue could affect a possible reunification between Guam and the CNMI. "We want the unification of the Marianas, that's what we've advocated for, we've done in our resolutions,356 that's what our goal is right now," he said. "We feel that there's mutual interest, same language, same history, a lot of things, and I think that's the common ground, so I think where would that fit in terms of the status - this is something we've been working on I guess for the last twelve to fourteen years already."
Leon Guerrero said, "All of those divisions were drawn by the imaginary lines of other nations and by the conflicts they created amongst our people. So before we can even resolve the issue that divide us, we have to resolve the root cause, which is colonization."
While Hoffman said reunification is something mayors in Guam and the CNMI have expressed interest in, he hopes the University of Guam can help develop a study to determine the sentiment of the community. Meanwhile, the rally is set for this Friday from 4-6pm.
Story highlights The health care worker was in Sierra Leone, one of the hotbeds of Ebola
The patient is not currently ill nor contagious, but had "high-risk exposure" to Ebola
(CNN) An American health care provider working in Sierra Leone who had a "high-risk exposure" to the Ebola virus arrived at Nebraska Medicine on Sunday for "observation and possible treatment," the center said.
"This patient has been exposed to the virus but is not ill and is not contagious," said Dr. Phil Smith, medical director of the biocontainment unit at the Omaha medical center.
"However, we will be taking all appropriate precautions."
Nebraska Medical Center, part of Nebraska Medicine, is one of only four hospitals in the United States that has biocontainment units and has been practicing for years to treat a highly infectious disease such as Ebola.
The other three hospitals are Emory University Hospital in Atlanta; Rocky Mountain Laboratories in Montana; and the National Institutes of Health in Maryland.
Read More
A 52-year-old Oregon man is suing the Archdiocese of Portland, saying he was one of a dozen of boys that former pedophilic priest Maurice Grammond sexually abused in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
,
filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Portland, alleges that while Grammond was assigned to Our Lady of Victory in Seaside, he molested the plaintiff, who was between 7 and 12 years old at the time. The plaintiff, who filed the complaint under the pseudonym Mark Roe, suppressed the memories of the sex abuse and did not realize its connection with his depression, anxiety and substance abuse until fall 2013, the lawsuit states.
The complaint seeks $2 million in pain and suffering and unspecified punitive damages from the archdiocese for sexual battery of a child, intentional infliction of emotional distress and negligence. The archdiocese knew of several reports by families that Grammond had sexually abused boys but failed to take any action to protect children from Grammond, the complaint alleges.
In a statement, the archdiocese said, “The protection of children is vitally important to the Archdiocese of Portland. We continue to work to ensure a safe environment at all of our parishes and schools. We are saddened to hear of these allegations from 40 years ago in Seaside. We will consider this lawsuit carefully, and we will work for a just resolution of the claim.”
The case is one of dozens filed over the years against the archdiocese alleging sex abuse by its priests. But no Oregon priest has triggered more claims than Grammond, who, for 35 years, worked in parishes in Seaside, Oakridge, Mill City, Sublimity and the metro area, including Our Lady of Sorrows in Southeast Portland and St. Mary's Home for Boys in Beaverton.
By 2007, the archdiocese had paid more than $33.4 million to 54 victims to settle sex-abuse lawsuits related to Grammond.
As part of a 2007 reorganization after the onslaught of sex-abuse suits forced the archdiocese into bankruptcy, the archdiocese set aside $20 million to pay claims of abuse victims who had not yet come forward. About $5.5 million has been paid from that fund since then, said Bud Bunce, spokesman for the archdiocese.
-- Helen Jung
MONTREAL—It's time for a new approach with Alex Galchenyuk.
If the plan is to keep Galchenyuk with the Montreal Canadiens, the team's management and the coaching staff had better start coming up with a different way to get the best out of him.
The 23-year-old, who's in his sixth NHL season, has already authored a 30-goal campaign. He's also gone long stretches of his career producing at a point-per-game clip. But it's been far too long since we've seen him exert his dominance for any sustained period of time.
A lot of that is on Galchenyuk. He needs to be properly prepared mentally and physically, willing to sacrifice to the expected level on the ice, willing to work at both ends of it, and he has to adhere to the system that's been put in place.
But some of Galchenyuk's spotty play is on management and the coaching staff. And the way both parties have openly discussed his deficiencies on the ice, and the way they've short-leashed him at times, can't possibly be helping his confidence.
"A player has to do more than score goals," coach Claude Julien said after playing Galchenyuk a team-low 9:18 in Thursday's 3-2 overtime loss to the Calgary Flames. "That applies to everyone. So he has to be better without the puck, win battles along the boards, those things are important. In a tie game, he wasn't that good tonight along the boards, so I decided to shorten my bench."
There's nothing wrong with doing that here and there. A big part of a coach's job is keeping his players accountable, and Julien has made a habit of doing this with all of his players.
It was just a game prior—in a 4-3 loss to the St. Louis Blues—that Julien benched Canadiens leading scorer Brendan Gallagher for over eight minutes after the winger took a penalty and followed it up with a giveaway in the neutral zone that resulted in a goal. And Julien didn't mince his words the next day, when he said that Gallagher had an off night.
NHL on Sportsnet NOW Live stream over 300 marquee regular season games, regional matchups for the Edmonton Oilers, Calgary Flames, Vancouver Canucks and Toronto Maple Leafs, and the entire 2018 Stanley Cup Playoffs.
But it's been far too rare, dating back to the end of last season, that Galchenyuk's been talked about in a positive light by Julien or by Canadiens general manager Marc Bergevin.
It couldn't have possibly served Galchenyuk well when Bergevin came out after the Canadiens were dismissed from the 2017 Stanley Cup Playoffs and said that the hope was that Galchenyuk could take two steps forward after taking one back. And all the comments made by him and Julien about Galchenyuk being incapable of playing centre, after the kid had 23 points in 25 games to start last season in his first real shot in the No. 1 slot, would only serve to injure his confidence.
When you combine all of that with the fact that the player has spent stretches on the fourth line and had his ice time reduced to less than 14 minutes per game in 14 of the 59 games Julien's coached since taking over for Michel Therrien last February, you start to understand why some media members—including Stu Cowan of the Montreal Gazette and Brian Wilde of Recrutes.ca just this past week—and a fair portion of the fans have suggested it's time for the Canadiens to trade him.
It's not all bad.
Galchenyuk has mentioned in recent interviews—dating to the beginning of this season, in which he's scored six goals and added 10 assists in 30 games—that he appreciates the relationship he's forged with Julien.
And Julien offered some insight on his commitment to Galchenyuk's development, when he was asked about it by Sportsnet on Friday.
"We know he's a good player, we know he's got skill, and we sit down with him, we do video, we have meetings, we talk about different things," said Julien. "So at the end of the day, you continue to work with players and you never give up on your players. We know that Alex is a young player still. You look at his age and because he played as an under-ager—if you want to put it that way—we expect more. But I think there's still some untapped potential there that we keep working with him on.
“The biggest thing is, as I'm telling you now, is that you can't give up on him. You gotta keep trying to push the right buttons, you gotta try to keep helping him, and sometimes it's not the fun things for either side, but at the end of the day it's important to realize on both sides that we're trying to make it work here and not make it fail."
When Julien was asked if enough was being done to focus on Galchenyuk's strengths rather than harping on his weaknesses, he said, "We work with what we can, but…as a coach you want to continue to help him work with his strengths and continue to show his strengths, but you also want him to work on things he needs to work on."
There have been significant efforts made by Julien to shelter Galchenyuk from tough matchups and to lean on his offensive ability against weaker competition. And the coach has placed him in a steady role on the power play and started him outside of the defensive zone for nearly 72 per cent of his shifts this season.
But perhaps the time has come to give Galchenyuk more opportunity to redeem himself after he makes a mistake or two. It's certainly come to re-evaluate how he's spoken about outside the confines of the dressing room.
Those are efforts worth making when you consider his potential and the value he can provide on a contract that pays him $4.9 million per season for the rest of this one and the two that follow.
If today was any indication of the relaxing times I can look forward to in the week ahead, I may well need a hiatus from my hiatus…
— Went over the rough cut footage from the gag reel. Lots of funny bits. Now it's just a matter of selecting the best and choosing the order.
— Went over the visual effect shots for a bunch of episodes. It's all looking fantastic. Kudos to VFX Supervisor Lawren Bancroft-Wilson and his various teams. Eye-popping stuff.
— Reviewed budgets for the show's first two seasons, and prospective third.
— Reviewed a couple of terrific special features.
— Completed the beat sheet for our season 3 premiere: a tease, a tag, and five action-packed, character-driven, twisty-turns acts!
— Did a little work on my new pilot script and am a little over halfway done. It's pretty different from what I usually write, more in the realm of military SF, but still the character-driven, action-fueled story-telling with that underlying humor I love so much. Coming soon to a screen near you? I'm counting on late 2017!
Today's intriguing screen shot comes from…some episode in Dark Matter's second season. But what IS going on here? Guesses?
Modeling the Hyperion-8 detention facility – Dark Matter (Darkroom Digital Effects, CG Supervisor: Craig VanDenBiggilaar, Modeling Supervisor – Brendon Morfitt.
Fancy light-up corporate name plate c/o Roxanne Borris.
Incoming transmission! Trivia time! More often than not, whenever a character is watching, reacting, or conversing with an onscreen display, said display is often a “burn-in” meaning the actor is not playing to a live-feed but a blue screen. The actual onscreen elements are “burned in” later in post-production.
And a little something for the Stargate fans, from the archives…
Architecture designs – “The Other Guys”. Wraith mask – James Robbins.
Wraith warrior chest plate – James Robbins.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
(Image: Lous Lanzano/AP)
The FBI is looking to spend an additional $38.3 million in the coming year to "counter the threat" of encryption.
That's on top of $31 million already spent on the initiative, according to the agency's fiscal 2017 budget request published earlier this week by the Justice Department.
The budget request will not be used to hire any new staffers on top of the 39 staffers (including 11 agents), but will be used to "develop and acquire tools for electronic device analysis, cryptanalytic capability, and forensic tools."
In other words: the feds want access to your encrypted communications, and it's willing to throw money at doing exactly that.
According to the document, the additional funding will "counter the threat of Going Dark, which includes the inability to access data because of challenges related to encryption, mobility, anonymization, and more."
The FBI refers to "going dark" as a metaphor for not being able to read the communications and messages of suspected criminals and terrorists.
The FBI did not immediately respond to a request for comment asking what exactly the combined $69.3 million on anti-encryption efforts would entail.
The FBI is known to buy exploits from private intelligence companies, like the Milan, Italy-based Hacking Team, which last year was hit by hackers who leaked documents detailing the company's work and global government partners.
In one case, the FBI was said to have bought tools from the company to help unmask users of Tor, the anonymity network, used by activists to keep private but also known to criminals to help conduct their business.
Encryption, and other privacy tools are increasingly troublesome for the agency, something FBI director James Comey has repeatedly claimed in the past year.
The agency chief has been on a tear trying to convince lawmakers and technology giants alike that locking the agency out is making it harder to catch criminals, despite reports suggesting the complete opposite.
Comey's anti-encryption rhetoric intensified after Apple rolled out encryption in its iPhones and iPads in iOS 8, thought to be in response to claims in documents leaked by whistleblower Edward Snowden that said Apple was a participant in the notorious PRISM surveillance program. In doing so, Apple put encryption in the hands of its users, cutting even itself out of the loop, which riled the FBI which would regularly ask for the company's help in unlocking criminals' phones.
The bump in funding comes as the agency continues to realign its efforts to keep ahead of the technological curve.
The document also said the agency would spend an additional $85.1 million on its cyber offensive and defensive operation.
"The FBI will obtain updated and sophisticated IT hardware, IT software, and contractors to expand the foundation of its offensive and defensive operations," the report said.
HOHENFELS, Germany — Less than three years after the United States Army sent home the last of its tanks that were permanently based in Europe, American commanders have been forced to rely on weapons shipped back temporarily or hardware borrowed from allies in the expanding effort to deter the latest threats from Russia with a fraction of the forces it had once deployed across the Continent.
That is part of an evolving mission as American commanders here are preparing, if called, to face off against a new set of threats — not only from an aggressive Moscow, but also from rising militancy and chaos in the Middle East. But with across-the-board spending cuts squeezing the Pentagon's budget, and a war-weary nation showing little eagerness to sustain a global, war-ready crouch, one of the main targets in recent years has been the Army presence in Europe, a heavy land force in an increasingly digital combat zone.
Mustering the necessary troops and equipment for the mission here can be a challenge, said Lt. Gen. Ben Hodges, the Army's commanding general in Europe. The number of permanently stationed soldiers on the Continent has dropped by 35 percent since 2012, and the Army has reduced some of its vehicles, weapons and support equipment or relocated it to other bases.
The Black Hawk helicopters used in a NATO exercise at the training center here in August, for instance, were rotated in for nine months from Fort Stewart, Ga., General Hodges said. Bringing over more helicopters requires either the multiple weeks to bring them by ship or the extra money to bring them by cargo plane.
Backwardization Of Gold And The Upwardization Of Gold And Silver Prices
Systemic crises are caused by the inability of systems to respond to stress. When systems can no longer adequately respond, systemic collapse ensues. We are currently witness to the end of a system of paper money based on credit and debt, a system now in the final stages of collapse.
THE COMING DESTRUCTION OF PAPER MONEY IS GOING
TO MAKE SHERMAN'S MARCH TO THE SEA
LOOK LIKE A SUNSHINY DAY
In Sherman's “march to the sea”, a military campaign that broke the back of Confederate resistance during America's Civil War, according to Wikipedia, the Union general, Sherman, applied the principles of scorched earth, ordering his troops to burn crops, kill livestock, consume supplies, and destroy civilian infrastructure along their path.
The American South, preferring to see the war in terms of a conflict between the industrial North and the agrarian South instead of over slavery, never forgave the North for Sherman's “scorched earth” campaign and its victory.
This Southern resistance lasted for one hundred years, from the end of the American Civil War in 1865 to the 1960s. But in the 1960s, societal change swept through America and the resurgent issues of civil rights and women's liberation set in motion a massive Southern backlash that sent the Democratic Southern voting bloc into the welcoming arms of the Republican Party.
This new alliance, composed of Republicans and former “Dixiecrats”, shifted the balance of power in America for the next fifty years; and consequently consolidated economic power in the hands of America's financial and corporate elites in the Republican Party.
The concomitant unraveling of the wealth and power of the elites and the Republican Party in 2008 is not coincidence. Another more powerful shift than even the 1960s is now underway and current power structures and economic elites are being swept away in its presence.
This shift is not yet over. It has only just begun. While change happens in increments, sometimes those increments are seismic in scope instead of imperceptible and constant. Such are the changes in motion today. When they are over, the world as we know it will be gone.
It's getting worse very quickly…It's like an avalanche in that it gains momentum. And that's what we're in right now, so it's a real crisis.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Republican Governor of California, December 1, 2008
Buckminster Fuller in his book on mankind's future, The Critical Path (1981), called this crisis, the Twilight Of The World's Power Structures. And just as Fuller predicted, the world's economic power structures began to fall. Communism collapsed in 1991 and now in 2008, Capitalism is following in Communism's footsteps.
All managed markets—whether managed by government allocation as under Communism or by government sponsored central bank credit as in Capitalism—are doomed to failure. The triumph of free markets over managed markets is coming.
WHEN SYSTEMS COLLAPSE RESISTANCE IS FUTILE
Hope that recent political changes can resuscitate the system of central bank credit and paper money is futile. The new economic team appointed by President-elect Barack Obama is but a resuscitated version of the old team, the very ones responsible for the present system and its fatal problems.
From the November 28, 2008 Wall Street Journal:
Thanksgiving Cheer From Obama
He's assembled a first-rate economic team
By Karl Rove
Mr. Obama … picked as Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner…Mr. Geithner has been a key player with Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson and Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke in confronting the financial crisis. Every major decision in the rescue effort came only after the three agreed.
The National Economic Council director-designee, Larry Summers, is another solid pick. Mr. Summers has been an advocate for trade liberalization, he was the Clinton administration's negotiator for the financial deregulation known as Gramm-Leach-Bliley…
Obama appointee Lawrence Summers' 1999 support of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley bill is indeed noteworthy as Gramm-Leach-Bliley repealed the Glass-Steagall Act, specifically passed in 1933 to prevent another depression.
Clinton's signing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley bill in 1999 directly led to the financial deregulation responsible for the decimation of financial markets in 2008. Former Bush advisor Karl Rove is right. Acknowledgment is due both Summers and Clinton for their collective contribution to today's “free” falling markets.
It is no coincidence that both Lawrence Summers and another Obama appointee, Paul Volker have been instrumental in the past in the manipulation of the price of gold, the very indicator that bears witness to the false promises of paper money.
In 1988, Summers co-authored a paper, Gibson's Paradox and the Gold Standard, wherein he postulated that by fixing the price of gold, interest rates could be stabilized; an assertion as absurd as believing fixing the temperature of thermometers can prevent global warming.
Clever boys
Far too clever
For their own good
And others
Summers' confederate (def., one who assists in a plot; an accomplice) in the war between paper money and gold on Obama's “team of hope”, Paul Volker, is best known for his courageous raising of interest rates in 1981. Volker is less known for his remark that it was a mistake not to have earlier “managed” the price of gold.
Volker, Geithner, Summers, et. al. are all insiders in the imploding system of paper money. Appointing Volker to head the President's Economic Recovery Board may raise the hopes of the desperate but it will do nothing to stem the tides of change.
When systems fail, even those as able as Confederate General Robert E. Lee cannot prevent their collapse; and, when the present system fails—and it will fail, it will result in a far better world—a world in which we will again be free from slavery to debt, imposed by a conspiracy of bankers and politicians.
THE BACKWARDIZATION OF GOLD AND THE UPWARDIZATION OF GOLD AND SILVER PRICES
Those fortunate enough to attend the final session of Gold Standard University Live in Canberra, Australia (attendees from Europe, North America, South Africa, Asia as well as Australia and New Zealand), heard Professor Antal E. Fekete explain the origin and significance of trading the basis with respect to gold and silver.
Professor Fekete recently posted his article, Red Alert: Gold Backwardization!!!, in which he alerted readers that for the first time in history the cash price of gold is higher than the nearest futures price, indicating that buyers value the present physical possession of gold more highly than future possession.
Professor Fekete stated that when gold recently moved into backwardization on December 2nd, a historical line had been crossed, a line which signified whether or not the present system could be saved. Now, according to Professor Fekete, with gold in backwardization, it cannot.
While the war between paper money and gold and silver is still being waged, according to Professor Fekete the outcome is no longer in doubt as the present system is now beyond redemption. This has profound implications for the future price of gold and silver and for gold mining shares.
In the last Great Depression, the shares of Homestake Mining, the world's largest gold mine, went from $4.19 in 1929 to $495 in 1935, paying a $56 dividend that year. In the coming depression, gold and gold mining shares should do just as well—and, after the onset of the depression, just imagine what they will do during hyperinflation.
THE COMING CAPITULATION OF PAPER
Physical gold and silver, whether in hand or in the ground will be the last refuge for the trillions of dollars still invested in paper assets. With an estimated $27 trillion of wealth already lost this year, the day is coming when the last believers in paper assets will finally look to gold and silver to preserve their dwindling wealth.
But when that day comes, those owning monetary metals will not exchange their gold and silver for paper money at any price, i.e. permanent backwardization; and the last believers in paper assets will be stuck with now worthless government issued coupons which previously had passed for money.
The recent historic backwardization of gold is a clear indication that sometime in the future a state of permanent backwardization will occur—and on that day, the world will finally be free from the tyrannical slavery of central bank induced indebtedness.
Freedom, oh freedom
Someday we will be free
Freedom, oh freedom
How sweet that day will be
By Darryl Robert Schoon
www.survivethecrisis.com
www.drschoon.com
blog www.posdev.net
About Darryl Robert Schoon
In college, I majored in political science with a focus on East Asia (B.A. University of California at Davis, 1966). My in-depth study of economics did not occur until much later.
In the 1990s, I became curious about the Great Depression and in the course of my study, I realized that most of my preconceptions about money and the economy were just that - preconceptions. I, like most others, did not really understand the nature of money and the economy. Now, I have some insights and answers about these critical matters.
In October 2005, Marshall Thurber, a close friend from law school convened The Positive Deviant Network (the PDN), a group of individuals whom Marshall believed to be "out-of-the-box" thinkers and I was asked to join. The PDN became a major catalyst in my writings on economic issues.
When I discovered others in the PDN shared my concerns about the US economy, I began writing down my thoughts. In March 2007 I presented my findings to the Positive Deviant Network in the form of an in-depth 148- page analysis, " How to Survive the Crisis and Prosper In The Process. "
The reception to my presentation, though controversial, generated a significant amount of interest; and in May 2007, "How To Survive The Crisis And Prosper In The Process" was made available at www.survivethecrisis.com and I began writing articles on economic issues.
The interest in the book and my writings has been gratifying. During its first two months, www.survivethecrisis.com was accessed by over 10,000 viewers from 93 countries. Clearly, we had struck a chord and www.drschoon.com , has been created to address this interest.
Darryl R Schoon Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication.
This is a work in progress driver!VIreio Perception's bright future is discussed in Neil's Messy Basement
Details Category: Vireio Perception News Published on Saturday, 04 June 2016 09:41 Written by Neil Schneider
support in VR for games that were never designed for that purpose. This is HISTORY!
Here are the highlights:
Full OpenVR (HTC Vive) room scale support. Game profile "Fallout4_OpenVR_x64" adds X+Z positional tracking.
Game profile "Fallout4_OpenVR_x64_experimental_Y_tracking" adds X+Z and experimental matrix modification Y positional tracking.
HUD manipulation for VR mode has been FIXED. There is a special secondary HUD for OpenVR users, but it's still not flawless.
SteamVR virtual game screen overlay can be activated on the dashboard.
OpenVR fully customizable "VireioPerception_OpenVR.ini" file is automatically created in the game folder.
ADDED Steam prediction model support
ADDED Vireio Perception predicted tracking solution for both Oculus and OSVR solutions
Improved Fallout 4 profile quality. More work is needed.
Slight delay added to both Oculus and OSVR tracker to resolve some problems reported by users in official Vireio Perception forums.
HTC Vive owners rejoice! Vireio Perception 4.0 Alpha 2 is out, and we have proudly added room scale support for Fallout 4. Mark your calendars for June 4, 2016 as the day that a VR driver released room scale
Introduction
Currently, the entire kit consists of the following parts:
The Python package cgkit that extends Python with 3D-related functionality.
that extends Python with 3D-related functionality. The Maya plugin sourcepy that integrates the Python interpreter into Maya, and the accompanying Python package maya that makes Maya functionality available in Python.
that integrates the Python interpreter into Maya, and the accompanying Python package that makes Maya functionality available in Python. A collection of small stand-alone utilities written in Python, MEL or MaxScript.
cgkit features:
New 3D data types such as vec3, vec4, mat3, mat4 and quat
Contains a Python binding of Pixar's RenderMan API
Provides access to specialized input hardware such as SpaceMouse/SpaceBall, data glove or tablet via wrappers around the 3DxWare SDK by 3Dconnexion, the Wintab Developer Kit by LCS/Telegraphics and the Data Glove SDK by Fifth Dimension Technologies.
Additional 3D utility functions such as various noises or the functions found in the RenderMan Shading Language
Parse RenderMan shader source files to extract shader parameters
3D data can be stored and manipulated in memory
Imports 3DS, VRML, X3D, OBJ, OFF, IFS, STL, PLY, MA, ASF/AMC, BVH (using the following libraries: lib3ds, CyberX3D, RPly)
Exports RIB (shaders are generated on-the-fly), OBJ, OFF, PLY
Turns Python into a scene description language which can define scenes that can then be rendered with RenderMan or OpenGL.
Interactive OpenGL viewer tool
OpenGL stereo output (vertical split or quad buffer)
Offline render tool that feeds a RenderMan renderer, can also be used to bake texture maps
Connect arbitrary attributes of the same type to create animations
Rigid body dynamics via the Open Dynamics Engine
Extensible via regular modules or plugins
Python/Maya features:
PITTSBURGH -- Pittsburgh's bitter breakup with the Big East finally has an official separation date.
Pitt and the conference announced Wednesday that the school will pay $7.5 million to join Syracuse in leaving the Big East for the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1, 2013. The Big East reached a similar deal with Syracuse earlier this week.
The agreement with Pitt includes the $5 million the school already paid after it announced it was switching leagues last September. It also puts an end to an acrimonious split between Big East and one of its longest standing members.
"We are anxious to compete in our final season in the Big East and look forward to an exciting future in the Atlantic Coast Conference," Pitt athletic director Steve Pederson said in a statement.
The Big East later Wednesday night confirmed it had dropped its lawsuit seeking $5 million from TCU for on a commitment to join the league and instead joining the Big 12. The conference said in a statement that "TCU has fully discharged its obligations to the Big East ..."
Conditions of the settlement were not released, but a person familiar with it told The Associated Press the Big East will receive $5 million from TCU. The person spoke on condition of anonymity because no announcement was to be made on the agreement.
As for Pittsburgh, the school initially agreed to abide by the 27-month waiting period required by Big East bylaws for a team exiting the conference, which would have kept the Panthers in the league until July 1, 2014. Things got ugly in May when the school filed a lawsuit in Pennsylvania claiming the Big East waived its right to enforce a withdrawal notice after letting West Virginia leave for the Big 12 early.
The Panthers argued because the Big East allowed West Virginia to depart immediately -- after paying a hefty $20 million exit fee -- the conference could no longer hold Pitt to the 27-month withdrawal notice. The goal wasn't to go to court but to force the Big East to get serious about settling.
After a dramatic year in which the beleaguered conference lost three key members before reconstituting itself by extending invitations to a number of schools -- including Central Florida, Memphis and Temple -- the Big East is ready to move on.
"This is another step for the Big East to take toward a very exciting future," interim Big East commissioner Joe Bailey said in a statement. "With the addition of our eight new members, the Big East will be incredibly strong and vibrant."
It also clears up what has been a murky immediate future for the Panthers. First-year football coach Paul Chryst insisted the conference talk was never a distraction and says the goal is to win no matter which league the Panthers play in.
Larry Sanger, the co-founder of Wikipedia, has joined blockchain startup Everipedia as chief information officer. Everipedia is building the world's first encyclopedia on the blockchain which incentivizes content creators by allowing them to become stakeholders in the encyclopedia network themselves.
Originally started in 2015 as a more modern alternative to Wikipedia, Everipedia is now developing a new open source, peer-to-peer wiki network with an incentive structure and a distributed backend hosted within a blockchain. The company claims the new model would make feasible a fully autonomous encyclopedia without the need for advertisements or donations.
Everipedia co-founder and CTO Travis Moore said the platform intends to “empower users in a whole new way” by decentralizing the knowledge base and allowing every editor to be rewarded for their work.
Now with Sanger joining the team, Moore said his added expertise will help “amplify Everipedia's rapid growth and reputation as a reliable source of information by and for the people.”
Everipedia claims it has between 2 million to 3 million unique users per month and an average of 3.5 to 5 million page views per month. With more than six million wiki articles, it says it has surpassed English Wikipedia by content.
For Sanger, blockchain technology has opened up new possibilities for his industry.
“In an era of misinformation, the world stands to benefit enormously from a transparent, immutable and decentralized protocol for accessing and sharing knowledge,” Sanger said.
“We'll not only make Everipedia more comprehensive than Wikipedia; in my role, I'll help create a neutral framework enabling the world to find the best encyclopedia articles on every topic.
“I'm delighted to join this team which is poised to innovate on the Wikipedia model just as Wikipedia innovated on the Britannica model almost two decades ago.”
Right now, the Everipedia system rewards users with IQ points for curating articles, but the team is currently building the infrastructure needed to convert the IQ earned on the site into utility tokens. These tokens will be pegged to the value of the network.
Everipedia also said it will be moving the entire process of editing and storing articles onto the EOS blockchain and IFRS.
Everipedia raised seed funding from Mucker Capital in July 2015. It is also backed by multiple prominent angel investors, including David Segura​ and David Petersen​, the co-founder and CEO of Buildzoom​. Last year, it raised US$130,000 in a crowdfunding campaign on Wefunder.
David Cameron insists that a project like high-speed rail needs cross-party support. That may well be sensible, but his desire for Labour to retain its support for the new line is founded more on the necessity of getting the legislation through Parliament, rather than a great belief in parties working together on the big things. The fact is that Cameron needs Labour votes because yet again he cannot rely on his own party, the party of government, to push the bills through.
Labour obviously scents blood, not just because there's sport to be had in making a Prime Minister squirm and plead for the Opposition's votes, but also because dropping support for HS2 would lend the party some useful credibility. Today on LabourList, new Shadow Transport Secretary Mary Creagh writes this:
‘The Labour Party cannot – and will not – give the Government a blank cheque. That is what you would expect from any credible official opposition seeing a Government desperately mismanaging a project.'
Danny Alexander today insisted on Marr that HS2 would be under budget, adding darkly as a message to Labour that ‘what we're concerned about is not just London and the South East of England – which you are obsessed about – and the City of London when you were in office , what we're concerned about is the economic health of the whole country'.
But the Tory party has already been shifting its narrative on HS2 from the economic and capacity case to the emotional North/South unity message. David Cameron took that one step further on Friday by warning that ‘if Labour are to run away from this, they will be letting down the Midlands, they'll be letting own the North, they'll be kicking sand in the face of council leaders right across the country'. The only retort the Tories now have is that Labour would be ‘abandoning the North' by walking away from HS2, but the party might wriggle out of that today – the Sunday Telegraph today carries an intriguing report about an alternative, existing route being studied by some Labour figures. But what's clear is that the debate is moving from what will work economically to an emotional one: it's now about credibility for Labour and North/South unity for the Tories.
Nigel Farage, Matthew Parris, Rory Sutherland and Cheryl Gillan will debate whether the government should ‘Stop HS2!‘ on 31 October 2013 in Westminster. Click here to book tickets.
“Supergirl” is heading to the CW for its second season — a move that's not so surprising after long-standing rumors, but a decision that both CBS and CW have remained hush-hush on until now.
“The ratings did start a little higher and they came down a bit,” CBS president Glenn Geller said Wednesday morning at a press conference at the network's New York City headquarters. “I think it found the right home. It's a win-win for us. We co-own the CW and we made a great deal with Warner Bros.”
Gellar added, “Who's to say if we hadn't made that deal that we wouldn't have picked it up.”
Before the press conference began, Les Moonves, president and CEO of CBS Corporation, also told reporters that they would have considered picking up the show for a second season.
After declining ratings, would CBS consider another superhero show, or will they leave that genre for their younger-skewing network?
“We would absolutely consider anything,” Geller said.
“Supergirl,” starring Melissa Benoist, averaged a 2.5 rating in adults 18-49 and 10.03 million viewers overall on CBS in Nielsen's “live plus-7” estimates. The superhero series was CBS' top-rated freshman drama in the demo and its youngest-skewing drama with a median age of 55.6.
Its crossover with “The Flash” in late March provided a ratings boost for both shows, reigniting rumors that “Supergirl” would fly to the younger-skewing network in order to nab a renewal.
(HRW) – A United States government oversight agency has slammed Afghan government officials for active complicity in the “in the sexual exploitation and recruitment of children by Afghan security forces.”
In its most recent quarterly report, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) criticized the Afghan government for failing to adequately protect boy victims of sexual abuse known as bacha bazi.
Bacha bazi, which translates as “boy play,” refers to boys who work as dancers, performing at parties attended by men, and typically living under the protection of a military commander or other patron. Afghan culture typically prohibits women or girls from dancing for a male audience. While their role as entertainers can be innocent, in many instances these boys are also the victims of sexual assault and abuse.
The SIGAR report said the Afghan government has failed to adequately assist bacha bazi victims and that is resulting in the “arrest and prosecution” of boys who have been victims of that abuse. These abuses continue despite President Ashraf Ghani's June 2016 pledge of “thorough investigation and immediate action” of bacha bazi abuse by military personnel.
Ghani has not delivered on promises announced in February to criminalize bacha bazi. In April, the United Nations Secretary-General António Guterres urged the Afghan government in his Report of the Secretary-General on Conflict-Related Sexual Violence to “ adopt legislation to criminalize bachah bazi (sp).” The government has yet to respond.
The government's failure to stamp out bacha bazi abuses within the military may take a toll on US assistance to elements of the Afghan security forces implicated in such violations. The report notes that SIGAR has recently produced “a classified evaluation” of the US Department of Defense and State Department's “implementation of the Leahy laws for Afghanistan,” in reference to US rules that limit support to military implicated in human rights abuses. The report concerns “allegations of sexual abuse of children committed by members of the Afghan security forces, reviews guidance on Leahy Laws implementation, and discusses the extent to which the U.S. holds Afghan security forces accountable.”
The US government's bankrolling of the Afghan government and military forces give it unique leverage to demand an end to such abuses by criminalizing such violations and ensuring that perpetrators are brought to justice. If not, a legacy of the US government reconstruction effort in Afghanistan will be impunity for child sexual abuse rather than rule of law.
It is no secret that Grand Theft Auto V is a gaming sensation, it may be full of controversy, but its free-roaming, crime loving game world has proven a popular choice for gamers for many years now. Yet it seems there are some people out there who are simply not happy with what the game has to offer, so they break the code and mod the game, once again reminding us why we can't have nice things.
In a very disturbing new trend, GTAV gamers are being virtually raped, that's not a typo. The virtual rapists are using modified game code that allows them to do to things that were not otherwise intended for the game. This includes making their character a pantless man, locking their player to the back of another and have even added new thrusting animations to complete this disturbing addition to the game.
Now part of me is actually impressed that they were able to re-code the console version of the game in this way, or to this extent, another part of me is amazed this even worked in an online multiplayer environment, while the sensible part of me understands that this kind of behaviour isn't acceptable and could otherwise ruin the gaming experience for a lot of people.
People are filming their “rape” exploits and uploading them to YouTube. What's worse for the victims is that the attacker cannot be killed, and you're left stuck in animation loops doing strip dances… as if this hack couldn't have gotten any weirder.
The videos below are NSFW and depict scenes of virtual rape, offensive language, etc.
Watch on YouTube video here (I've removed embedded video due to offensive imagery)
Has in-game trolling gone to far? Yes, waaaaay to far. Let us know your thoughts on this in the comments section below.
Thank you Huffingtonpost for providing us with this information.
Image courtesy of Huffingtonpost.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the terrifying moment a violent drug kingpin was attacked by knife-wielding hitmen in broad daylight surrounded by terrified tourists.
Heroin baron Sean “Lugs” McGovern was ambushed in Edinburgh just yards from the the five-star Balmoral Hotel.
He was knifed in the back of the head by two men - disguised as joggers in baseball caps and sunglasses - who jumped him as he stepped out of a £42,000 motor.
After trying to chase the hitmen , one of which appeared to be armed with a blade, he then slumped to the ground, ashen-faced and clearly in shock.
The revenge attack, which lasted just seconds and was apparently carefully planned, left his grey hoodie stained red with blood.
McGovern was later helped into an ambulance with his head, neck and left hand bandaged.
A gangland source told the Daily Record : “This will have repercussions in the underworld. McGovern is not someone to mess with lightly.”
Dozens of shoppers and tourists saw the violence in Waterloo Place. Tour buses were picking up and dropping off holidaymakers nearby.
McGovern was slashed at 12.30pm as he prepared to board a G4S bus to return to Castle Huntly open jail after home leave.
He was jailed for almost 17 years in 2009 for dealing heroin in the capital – and for firing a shotgun at a pub in a warning to a rival.
McGovern arrived in Waterloo Place in a £42,000 Mercedes driven by a woman. It parked behind the prison bus.
A witness said: “The man got out of the car and looked around for a few seconds, then opened the back passenger door and leaned inside as if he was picking something up.
“Two men in running clothes ran over and one of them leaned inside the car. There seemed to be a struggle in the back.
“Then the two men sprinted off down the middle of the street at full pelt. The man ran after them, shouting.
“Blood was running down his face and body. His T-shirt was soaked with it. It looked like he'd been stabbed in the neck or the back of his head.
“A woman got out of the Mercedes and started shouting, ‘You b******s!' She was screaming hysterically.
“Everyone on the street seemed frozen. No one could believe what they were seeing.”
The attackers ran a short distance to a white Skoda Rapid driven by an accomplice. It then raced away – but only after the pair struggled to get in.
Another witness said: “The car was being driven along about 200 yards from the Mercedes. It slowed a bit but the men were running alongside with their hands on the door handles, trying frantically to open them.
“One of them was shouting in a Scottish accent, “Let us in the f****** car!
“After a few seconds, they managed to get the doors open and the car sped off.
“The driver had a scarf covering the bottom of his face.”
The attackers wore baseball caps and sunglasses. One could clearly be seen carrying a knife as they ran to the getaway car, which drove off east along Waterloo Place.
McGovern walked back to the Mercedes after chasing the attackers. Members of the public hurried to help him as he held a grey top to his head to try to stem the blood.
He paced around, agitated, as people tried to tend to him.
Then he slumped down against a wall, his face white. He sat saying little, looking tired and grimacing in pain.
Police quickly arrived in force in three cars and two vans and cordoned off the scene. Uniformed officers directed the traffic and detectives began speaking to witnesses.
An ambulance drew up at about 12.45. Paramedics treated McGovern on the pavement then brought a fold-up chair out of the ambulance to lift him inside. But he was able to walk into the vehicle with help.
Our underworld source said the attackers clearly knew when McGovern would arrive to catch the bus back to jail.
They added: “They obviously targeted him when he was out because it's hard to find someone to carry out a hit in Castle Huntly.
“The inmates are near the end of their sentences and won't risk jeopardising their release. McGovern is a hard man and he's respected in jail. He's had little bother.”
Police appealed for witnesses to the attack. Detective Sergeant Neil Spowart of Gayfield CID said: “This part of the city centre, just past the east end of Princes Street, was very busy at lunchtime with shoppers and visitors.
“I want to speak to anyone who was in the area and may have seen the assault, or the two men beforehand or afterwards.”
The Scottish Prison Service said they could not discuss individual inmates.
McGovern is behind bars after firing two rounds from a shotgun outside the Gauntlet Bar in Broomhouse, Edinburgh, in 2008.
It was a warning to rival Jamie Hyland, a regular at the pub. McGovern got six years and nine months for the gun attack and 10 years for running a heroin empire in Edinburgh.
Judge Lord Turnbull told him at the sentencing hearing: “You were at the head of a very profitable and large-scale enterprise.”
5 ways we could make buying a house more doable
Updated
It's easy to see why young Australians might feel like they'll never catch up to rising house prices.
After all, a parliamentary inquiry spent almost two years looking into the affordability problem (/crisis) and came to the conclusion that there was nothing it could recommend.
But there are ideas out there. It's just whether or not they'd a) work and b) have any chance of actually being implemented given the political firestorm that erupts every time someone so much as mentions the words "negative gearing" or "assets test".
We've listed the pros and cons of some of the top suggestions, along with their likelihood of ever actually happening.
Taking mansions into account re: the pension
Pros:
Did you know you can live in a multimillion dollar beachside manor and still get the age pension?
That's because the family home is exempt from the assets test for this payment.
This means there's an obvious incentive for retirees to have as much of their wealth tied up in their home as possible... which means they could still be living in a big five-bedroom house when a two-bedder would be more suitable.
Removing the family home exemption (or making it only apply to less pricey houses) would get rid of this market distortion and put more of these houses up for sale, which would be a good thing for the younger people who want to buy them.
Cons:
It's not grandma's fault that the home she's owned since forever is now worth a fortune. And the whole point of removing the exemption would be to force her to sell up and relocate, essentially.
So it's about weighing this up against the fact that the oldies have all the houses (between 1982 and 2011, home ownership went down for every age group except over 65s).
Likelihood of this ever actually happening:
The Coalition Government says this would go against its principles. It's not on the agenda for Labor either.
Make negative gearing not a thing
Pros:
A big part of the reason why so many homes are owned by investors is negative gearing.
Basically, this allows investors to reduce their taxable income if they make a loss on their housing investments. So if they lose $10,000 over the course of a year, they can reduce their taxable income by that same amount.
It's pretty clear that getting rid of negative gearing would make investing in property less attractive, which would push down prices and free up more of the market for owner occupiers.
Cons:
The justification for negative gearing is that it increases housing supply and keeps the cost of rent down. According to the Grattan Institute, though, these are both myths.
However, what's definite is that getting rid of negative gearing wouldn't be popular with investors (and one in 10 taxpayers uses negative gearing).
Likelihood of this ever actually happening:
Labor went to the last election with a promise to limit negative gearing to new properties. The Coalition currently has no such plans.
Goodbye stamp duty, hello land tax
Pros:
If you don't have to pay stamp duty, you're thousands of dollars closer to being able to afford a house (though there are already first home buyer exemptions and/or concessions in all states and territories except Tasmania).
Stamp duty also makes the market less efficient by discouraging existing owners from moving house. So parents whose children have moved out might choose to hold onto their bigger home instead of getting a smaller one.
If stamp duty was replaced with a land tax, that would also encourage people who own empty plots of land to get a move on with their developments.
And there's another advantage to getting rid of stamp duty: in 2015, the Treasury released a paper which singled out stamp duty as the least efficient tax in Australia (that hypothetical land tax, meanwhile, would be the most efficient and actually contribute to economic growth).
Cons:
Stamp duty is a big revenue raiser for the states, so they'd need to make up the shortfall somehow (again, a land tax seems the most likely contender).
Likelihood of this ever actually happening:
This is a tricky one because stamp duty is a state tax. It's been suggested that the Federal Government could step in to help them transition to a land tax.
Tax mega estates and give young'uns the money
Pros:
A 35 per cent inheritance tax on estates worth over $10 million would raise at least $3.5 billion, according to the Community Council of Australia.
Last week Tim Ayres, the NSW Secretary of the Australian Manufacturing Workers Union, proposed that this could be used to give all young people a one-off payment when they turn 25 — which they could then use as a deposit for a house.
The idea of an inheritance tax isn't a new one either: America and Britain already have them.
Cons:
People could transfer their wealth (or part of it) before they die to avoid having to pay the tax, which would make the tax less effective.
Likelihood of this ever actually happening:
This isn't on the agenda for either the Coalition or Labor. But Mr Ayres says people in the ALP, of which he's a member, "are interested".
Just build more houses, duh
Pros:
This one is a no brainer when it comes to lowering house prices. That's because it deals with one of the fundamental reasons for why they cost so much in the first place.
This is the problem in a nutshell: If the number of houses available doesn't keep pace with the number of people who want houses, there's generally only one direction that prices will go.
But the reverse is also true. Build more houses and you put downward pressure on prices. That's why investors are being warned about what a possible glut of apartments could mean in Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane.
Cons:
The problem is, there's really only so much land. That means you either have to build on undeveloped land (which tends to mean the outer 'burbs) or you have to build up (which tends to mean smaller apartments).
As well, city planners can't just open the flood gates. These things take... planning, to make sure new developments are sustainable and services will be up to scratch etc.
And of course, supply is only ever part of the problem. If investors are the only ones who can afford any of the new houses, well, that doesn't really help first home buyers.
Likelihood of this ever actually happening:
Supply is never not being increased. It's just a matter of whether it's increasing fast enough.
Topics: housing, housing-industry, australia
First posted
There's little to laugh about when it comes to Syria, but when it comes to understanding what's happening there, some of the best analysis comes in the form of a joke.
The Onion, a satirical newspaper, has managed to find ways not to just joke about Syria, but to do it in a way that makes sense of the situation. Their writers have started to hit their stride, consistently nailing it with surprisingly salient analysis.
It can be exasperating playing it straight when you write news about a situation that regularly produces absurd scenarios. The Onion's format allows its writers to plainly make sense of ridiculous situations that can be difficult to explain or fully appreciate in a normal news article.
During many of the trips I made into Syria, I met conservative people who supported the insurgents who used to fight Americans in Iraq, yet these same people were now calling for the same US soldiers they wanted to kill six or seven years ago in Iraq to come to their aid with an intervention in Syria.
Meanwhile, as of at least March, the CIA has been compiling a list of targets for potential future drone strikes inside opposition-controlled Syria, according to the Los Angeles Times.
The Onion managed to explain this dark, complicated reality in just one fake headline: “Target Of Future Drone Attack Urges American Intervention In Syria.”
Perhaps nowhere have I seen such a clear explanation of the difficulty Obama faces in finding the right response to Syria than in an Onion op-ed written as though Syrian President Bashar al-Assad were the author. It concisely and coherently broke down the challenges facing the White House in such a way that anyone could understand why it's apparently been so difficult for Obama to make a decision.
As The Onion explained in another article, it's also the reason this likely could have happened: “Obama Throws Up Right There During Syria Meeting.”
The Onion has often distinguished itself for providing the right mix of smarts and humor to capture the zeitgeist of a historic moment. Their first issue published in the wake of the Sept. 11 attacks is warmly remembered by many as one of the first light moments that helped people begin moving forward after the attacks.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
For all these reasons, when you look at the Twitter feeds and Facebook pages of most journalists covering Syria, you're likely to find numerous Onion articles posted alongside in-depth, serious reporting.
And really, when the public debate hangs so heavily on comparing a potential Syria intervention to the Iraq war, sometimes it takes an Onion headline like this one to remind us that regardless of where you stand on the debate, you can only get so far comparing two different conflicts: Obama Assures Americans This Will Not Be Another 1456 Ottoman Siege Of Belgrade.
(CN) – A Pennsylvania school district cannot nix claims that its 56-year-old Ten Commandments statue is unconstitutional, a federal judge ruled.
In 1957, the Fraternal Order of Eagles, a national civic organization, donated a nearly 6-foot-tall stone monument of the Ten Commandments to the Connellsville Area Junior High School in Pennsylvania.
The monolith, which stands near the front entrance to the school auditorium, also bears two stars of David and two tablets inlayed with what appears to be ancient script.
On Sept. 27, 2012, the Freedom From Religion Foundation sued the Connellsville Area School District. Joining as plaintiffs were a “non-religious” Connellsville student and his foundation-member parent, referred to in court documents as Does 4 and 5, respectively.
They claimed the statue coerces students to adopt the school district's preferred belief system and usurps parents' rights to raise their children as they see fit.
The school district moved to dismiss, arguing that the plaintiffs' claim is foreclosed by recent U.S. Supreme Court precedent on the establishment clause. It also questioned the subject-matter jurisdiction for various allegations in the complaint.
In an opposition brief, the foundation challenged the school district's understanding of the establishment clause precedent and said the court must adopt the viewpoint of a reasonable observer to determine whether the monument conveys a message favoring religion.
U.S. District Judge Terrence McVerry in Pittsburgh denied the district's motions on March 7.
“The relevant averments of the complaint describe an alleged agreement between defendant and the Connellsville Church of God whereby the latter submitted an offer to accept the monument at issue and display the decalogue on its private property which sits next to Connellsville Area Senior High School and the district's athletic field, which is located on property owned by the church and rented to defendant,” McVerry wrote. “Based on those allegations, plaintiffs submit that Doe 4 will still suffer a cognizable constitutional injury should the school district relocate the monument to private property. While the court certainly understands the potential impact relocation to private property may have on its jurisdiction, denial is still appropriate.”
The Supreme Court's jurisprudence does not foreclose the matter, the court found.
“Plaintiffs have adduced sufficient support to permit the court to draw the reasonable inference that the claim plaintiffs advance has sufficient merit under our current jurisprudence,” McVerry wrote. “Likewise, a review of the record reveals that there is no meaningful evidence to support the school district's attack on the merits of plaintiff's case and thus the ‘foreclosure' argument is unavailing at this time.”
The parties may conduct discovery regarding the school district's purpose for accepting and maintaining the monument so that the court can later rule on this “difficult context-driven task.”
The school district must respond to the complaint by March 21, and a case management conference is scheduled for April 11, according to the 23-page ruling.
Like this: Like Loading...
Many of you already have heard the news: Maemo Harmattan will base its application framework in Qt while keeping most of the Fremantle middleware based on GNOME technologies. The goal is to offer an open, efficient and compelling Linux mobile stack with a cross-platform Qt API used also by Symbian and available in other mobile and traditional operating systems. Hopefully a successful step helping free software projects collaborating with each other and also helping free software developers reaching millions of potential users.
At a personal level it was a pleasure and a honor to explain these news to the GNOME and KDE communities in the same place and at the same time in the first day of the first joint Desktop Summit ever! Hopefully the work Nokia is putting in Harmattan will benefit KDE, GNOME and specially freedesktop.org, that common meeting point in need of so much love.
There is not much time (and even less bandwidth) to blog extensively in the Gran Canaria Desktop Summit, but here you have the main sources I'm aware of:
slides
audio (25 mins, untested due to slow connection – hopefully works)
talk.maemo.org discussion. I'm concentrating my comments on feedback there.
Vincent blogging from a GNOME point of view
Der Standard was the first media reporting
Slashdot picked it up
Catch me up and let's talk!
Do you have the patience of a thousand hospitals? Do you love to color? Well if so, you will most likely love the impossible coloring book called 'Between The Lines'. Full of ridiculously complex drawings that will surely calm your nerves as you relax and slowly color the pages as if it were some form of mediation, or it will fill you with so much rage and aggravation that you will most likely burn your house down just so you never have to look at that book again.
The impossible coloring book is filled with 22 hand drawn pieces that were created by artist Peter Deligdisch with varying levels of complexity so you can work your way up to having a brain aneurysm. The Between The Lines coloring book is perfect for passing time, or a great way to fill you with rage!
Are you ready for 4K TV? Akamai shares which countries are good to go.
The rise of 4K television has prompted Akamai to create a list of nations that have sustained average broadband speeds of 15 Mbps needed to deliver current streams of 4K television content. Akamai calls these nations “4K ready,” and sadly, the U.S. doesn't rank in the top 10, according to the first quarter data from Akamai's 2014 State of the Internet Report. Only 17 percent of the U.S. is 4K ready, according to Akamai's broadband measurement, putting the country at 13 in the global rankings.
Overall, only 47 countries qualified for inclusion in Akamai's metric, which doesn't actually take into account the amount of 4K content available in the region. Of those, almost half of the countries had 4K readiness rates above 10 percent, while the lowest readiness rates in terms of the percentage of connections that were above 15 Mbps were found in India (.3 percent) and China (.2 percent).
Advertisement
Unsurprisingly the top 10 countries that are 4K ready match up pretty closely to the countries with the highest average broadband speeds. Seven of the 10 countries on that list are the same.
Globally broadband boosters also got good news. For the first time in Akamai's seven years of doing these reports one in five broadband subscribers worldwide had speeds of more than 10 Mbps. And in many places those speeds are increasing.
When it comes to broadband in the U.S. some states are doing pretty well with the lowest average speeds found in Alaska at 7 Mbps on average. However, as a nation, we're not in the top 10 globally (we're ranked 12th) based on our peak speeds. Yet more than a third of the population of broadband subscribers does have what Akamai considers “high broadband” speeds of greater than 10.5 Mbps. In fact the U.S. average broadband speeds are 10.5 Mbps, far below South Korea's average speeds of 23.6 Mbps.
Other interesting facts worth noting from the report are:
Google Fiber appears to be having an effect on Kansas broadband speeds — the state saw a year-over-year jump of 97 percent improvement of its speeds to 34.4 Mbps — the largest jump in the country.
China is by far home to the most online attacks with 41 percent of attacks originating from the country, followed by the U.S. as a distant second originating 11 percent of the attacks.
If you're searching for the fastest peak mobile broadband speeds, head to the Outback. Australia's mobile peak speeds reach 114.2 Mbps. The slowest peak mobile broadband speeds are found in Iran at 5 Mbps.
Want the country with the most consistently fast mobile broadband speeds? Visit Ukraine where 89 percent of mobile subscribers get greater than 4 Mbps. The U.S. only has a third of its mobile subscribers getting speeds of greater than 4 Mbps.
The global average connection speed continued is now 3.9 Mbps.
Updated: This article was updated at 10:37 am to correct the US rankings for 4K readiness. It is ranked 13 globally, not 17.
POLICE Scotland has been accused of drawing up a “deeply worrying” policy requiring officers to notify the force of “associations” they have with MSPs and journalists.
Members of political parties and the media have been lumped in with criminals as groups of people that police personnel must declare their links to.
Calum Steele, the general secretary of the Scottish Police Federation, said the system would “not be out of place in a banana republic”.
Since the inception of Police Scotland in 2013, MSPs and journalists have helped expose force policy on issues ranging from stop and search, armed policing, illegal spying and the impact of cuts.
Serving officers are believed to have contacted MSPs and the media and revealed bad practice that has embarrassed the force.
However, critics fear that a new Police Scotland “standard operating procedure” for officers could stop legitimate public interest concerns from being raised through these channels.
The policy on “notifiable associations” was put together to protect the force's officers and staff by laying down when they should “always” declare their contacts with external individuals.
Top of the list was anyone with a criminal conviction and people charged with an offence on matters involving dishonesty, disorder, sexual conduct and serious crimes.
Officers also have to declare associations with persons “known to be under investigation” or subject to criminal intelligence, as well as with former police officers.
However, one of the categories clearly includes MPs and MSPs: “Members of any political party where the membership involves playing an active part in politics.”
Journalists also get a special place in the dossier: “This would include but is not limited to: journalists; researchers for news/gossip publications and/or internet resources; internet, television or radio presenters where there may be a potential conflict with Police Scotland Operations/Investigations.”
According to the document, an “association” is defined as including “meeting or uniting for a common purpose”, “keeping company or being familiar with” an individual in these groups, or “friendship, intimacy or connection”.
Relationships undertaken through social media or “other online platforms” also have to be declared.
Steele said: “No one would argue against the police service having adequate policies to protect itself and its officers from potential risk. That being said, any policy that equates contact with elected parliamentarians and journalists with contact with criminals is deeply worrying. It risks being seen as attempt to silence dissent that would not be out of place in a banana republic.”
Scottish Liberal Democrat MSP Liam McArthur said: “The public will find it absurd that officers are required to treat an association with a member of the media or a political party, in the same way as an association with someone with a criminal conviction.
“As an elected representative, it is important that officers feel secure in sharing their concerns with me on a confidential basis. In the public interest, Police Scotland should consider clarifying or revising this guideline.”
Scottish Conservative MSP Liam Kerr said: "This is a truly bizarre inclusion to procedures. It is likely to create widespread questions as to why Police Scotland are treating both journalists and MSPs with the same suspicion as criminals.
"Rather frustratingly, this is yet another example of Police Scotland avoiding transparency and accountability.
"When police officers contact journalists or MSPs to pass on information or concerns, it is done in the public interest, and it would be a worrying step if that type of whistle blowing practice were to be stopped or hindered."
Chief Superintendent Alan Speirs, Head of Professional Standards for Police Scotland, said: "The guidance in the SOP has undergone a Human Rights Equality Impact Assessment, and we also provide guidance to our people in relation to "whistleblowing" which is designed to reassure and support Police Scotland employees who wish to provide information in relation to matters that concern them."
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) said House Republicans on Cinco de Mayo should be as courageous as the Mexican militia that defeated the French army in the Battle of Puebla to pass amnesty legislation.
Pelosi, who has said that passing amnesty legislation would be more important to her than becoming Speaker again, said “the time is now for comprehensive immigration reform” and for “House Republicans to emulate the bravery demonstrated in the Battle of Puebla, recognize the importance of immigrants and family unification, and give us a vote on a comprehensive bill that reforms our broken immigration system.”
“As we look back on a seminal moment in history, let us also look forward to the best ways we can continue to embrace the diverse heritage and rich history of Latinos in the United States,” Pelosi said in a statement. “There is no better way to acknowledge the important contributions to our country of America's Latino community than by enacting comprehensive immigration reform.”
Even though the Congressional Budget Office has determined that amnesty legislation would lower the wages of American workers and detrimentally impact Hispanics on the lower end of the economic ladder, Democrats and Republicans backed by big-business and the high-tech industry have been relentless in advocating for sweeping amnesty legislation.
Pro-amnesty advocates like Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY) and Rep. Luis Gutierrez (R-IL) have said that this year is the last chance to pass a significant amnesty bill. GOP Conference Chair Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers recently indicated that Republican leaders will try to bring legislation to the floor in August while Schumer has said he believes amnesty legislation could be passed in “June or July.” Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) has indicated that there is a “grand bargain” that is in the works in the coming months on possible amnesty legislation.
The Connecticut petition deadline for independent candidates, and the nominees of unqualified parties, is August 8. It appears that the only presidential petition likely to succeed in Connecticut is the Libertarian Party petition. The state requires 7,500 valid signatures. The Green Party made a valiant attempt, but seems to only have 7,000 signatures in hand.
The FEC has still not approved the Jill Stein matching funds application, although that approval is expected soon. The Independent Party of Connecticut is ballot-qualified for president, and has the freedom to nominate a presidential candidate. There is some indication that the Independent Party of Connecticut is leaning toward nominating Rocky Anderson.
The Constitution Party did not attempt a Connecticut petition. Petitioning in all the New England states is intrinsically more burdensome than it is in the remainder of the country. The New England states of Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Vermont, Maine, and Connecticut are the only states that require petitions to be transported to various town clerks, then collected, then taken to the Secretary of State's office. Because federal law requires all state election offices to have their own statewide voter registration list, there is no rational reason for these cumbersome procedures to survive.
Although the South has the nation's worst ballot access laws, New England is the second-worst region for ballot access. Massachusetts and Maine have the nation's most restrictive laws on how a candidate gets on the primary ballot of a small ballot-qualified party. Maine has the nation's most burdensome procedure for a new party to qualify by petition (the requirement is 5% of the last vote cast, and no one who is a registered member of a qualified party may sign). Vermont is tied for having the nation's earliest petition deadline for independent presidential candidates. New Hampshire is the only state that requires an unqualified party to notify the state of its presidential nominee in June. Massachusetts, Maine, and New Hampshire don't permit presidential stand-ins on petitions. Many of these laws should have long ago been held unconstitutional, but the federal judges in the First Circuit seem markedly biased against minor parties.
Philadelphia, PA - The newest addition to the Marquis & Co . empire Bar Bombon , opened in August 2015. This restaurant builds on Nicole's Puerto Rican heritage and Old San Juan roots bringing new Latin flavors to Philadelphia. The name comes from Bombón- the Spanish word for candy or, in Nicole's words, “delightful little thing.”
Events and Specials: On Friday May 5th, Authentic Latin street food and drink specials will be served all day at Bar Bombón, Rittenhouse Square's cozy corner eatery. The plant-based restaurant will be offering a wide range of snacks and cocktails for Happy Hour from 2:00pm to 6:00pm and again from 9:00pm to close. $5 street corn on the cobb and $8 strawberry margaritas will be offered all day and free tequila tastings will begin at 4:00pm.
From midday to late night, café to cocktails, cocina to corazón – all is veg-based and love-based. Bar Bombón is food for life. At Bar Bombón, we take authentic Puerto Rican recipes and add a twist (not just of lime). Made-to-order fresh, plant-based meals satisfy temptations in a healthy way – so you can fiesta now, siesta later.
True to fashion all dishes served at Bar Bombon are made with plant-based ingredients. The proteins are made with non-GMO soy and organic grains. They're even serving homemade tortillas for tacos- made the old way, just like Abuela did. ¡Buen provecho!
The team at Marquis & Co. have created an Old San Juan-style, 10-seat barroom and 30-seat dining room and have added new windows so diners can enjoy lots of bright natural light inside the restaurant. Outside seating is also available. There is even a take out section by the front counter with a warming box for customers on the go. Enjoy lunch or dinner on weekdays and brunch 11 am- 3pm on the weekends.
Like any good bar, the drinks here are delicious and strong. We had to order some margaritas, because nothing pairs better than tequila with Latin food. Available by the glass or pitcher we opted for the Pineapple Fresno with El Jimador Blanco, Aperol, Combier, pineapple, and Fresno chili and the Smoked Prickly Pear with El Jimador Blanco, Del Maguey Vida, Combier, prickly pear, and lime. Both drinks were so beautiful in color we couldn't believe it. We also enjoyed the playful names of other cocktails on the menu such as Evita made with Fernet Branca, pisco, ginger, kola nut, pineapple, and lime or El Coqui (named after small frogs native to Puerto Rico) made with Bacardi 8yr, Stumptown espresso, Licor 43, and gomme syrup. Bacardi rum is also manufactured in Puerto Rico.
The food served at Bar Bombon also pays homage to Nicole's family with Puerto Rican empanadas (from her mom's side), arepas (inspired by Marquis' aunt and uncle in Venezuela), and tacos (“because everything is better on tortillas,” she said). We of course had to start with Tortilla y Salsa and Guacamole Fresno which is traditional guacamole with tomatoes, red onion, and cilantro. We can never get enough of crispy, salty, tortilla chips and the Salsa Roja was a great compliment as well as the guacamole. They also serve Salsa Verde and Guacamole Picante with habanero and jalapeño peppers if you're more of the spicy type. We also had to try the Empanadas, authentic street food. Given the option of “chorizo” or leek, mushroom and currant, we couldn't decide between the two so we had both. The vegetable empanada might have been the winner for us.
For an entree we tried Nicole's favorite Buffalo Cauliflower Tacos (which no matter what changes on the menu, will always be available) with refried black beans, avocado, green goddess dressing, and mirepoix. These two tacos were loaded up with crispy and spicy fried cauliflower, cooled down with the dressing and slice of avocado. We can easily see why this dish would be popular with many customers and we might just be back for more.
And of course no meal is ever complete without dessert. We sure are glad we didn't skip this Tres Leches Cake with tropical fruits like starfruit, strawberries, grilled pineapple and toasted coconut. This dense cake was extremely delicious and the coconut flavor was strong without being overpowering. Vegan or not this is one of the best Tres Leches we've had in the city. Definitely worth stopping in for! Other dessert options include the Anjou Pear & Squash Galette with raisin molido, and vanilla bean ice cream or Xocolatl Rice Puddingwith candied hazelnuts, strawberries, passion fruit foam, and condensed milk.
Reservations are available via Opentable and delivery is offered by Caviar. So the next time you're looking for a delicious plant based meal, you'll know you don't have to go further than HipCityVeg in Rittenhouse Square, Charlie was a sinner, or Bar Bombon to enjoy the delicious work of Marquis & Co.
Bar Bombon
Address: 133 S 18th St, Philadelphia, PA 19103
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Brief: Station X, a new company based in the UK, is creating beautifully designed high-end Linux laptops and desktops.
The market share for desktop Linux is hardly 2.5%. But we have more new Linux hardware companies coming up to serve the niche. Station X is the latest entrant in the market with the focus specifically on UK and EU Linux users.
The company is based in Bletchley Park – the home of the Second World War Codebreakers and the birthplace of modern computing. It was known as ‘Station X'during the war and this is why the company has been named Station X.
Station X designs laptops meticulously crafted to run most Linux. They offer pre-configured systems with a wide range of Linux distributions, ranging from Ubuntu to Arch Linux. They have plans to support around 50 Linux distributions in coming months, something no other Linux system vendor is doing at present.
Station X products
Unlike the elementary OS based Litebook, Station X machines are not cheap in terms of pricing or hardware. The cheapest model is Spitfire and it costs £850. It has plenty of hardware configuration to justify its price tag though. At present, Station X has the following products:
Spitfire: Sleek, tiny laptop focused on portability
Lancaster: A bigger and heavier laptop for gaming
Hurricane: Another bigger and heavier for graphics
Blenheim: A uniquely designed laptop for all purposes
B-29 Superfortress: A desktop with massive upgrade potential
You can find more information about them here.
Why Station X?
I had a quick email conversation with one of the founders of Station X, Eddie Vassallo. He told me the reason behind starting Station X is that they saw a real niche in the marketplace for a UK/EU-based Linux hardware supplier who could provide very customized builds, fully compliant Linux components.
As distro-hoppers and regular testers of new distros themselves, Eddie and his partners wanted to have machines that could handle any distro. That's how Station X was conceptualized.
In terms of the hardware, Station X orders the chassis from similar suppliers that makers like System76 and Tuxedo use – which is why you will see some similarities between the products.
However, when it comes to the components, Station X is very *picky* in order to ensure that they can be supported by the most Linux distros possible. Eddie also mentioned that later this year they hope to begin designing their own custom chassis for a number of products – starting with a Linux Ultrabook.
They are also planning to collaborate with some Linux distributions to launch branded laptops for the selected distribution.
Your thoughts?
I am always up for Linux laptops. I use Dell XPS 13 Ubuntu edition and while it's not Linux exclusive, it is still one of the best Linux laptops out there.
Station X has promised to send me one of their systems for review in next few weeks. I'll be able to make a comparison with Dell XPS 13 once I receive it.
Meanwhile, what do you think of Station X products? Is it something you would buy? Do share your views in the comment section below.
Chief Minister of Mizoram Pu Lal Thanhawla. (Source: PTI/File)
A day after two top Congress spokesmen quit as publishers of the party's mouthpiece over a controversial questionnaire that targeted pastors over the state's liquor policy, Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla instructed all party workers to be silent over the government's lifting of prohibition.
Advertising
“Prohibition has already been lifted, so from now on we should remain silent on the issue. Let it go on as it is and if it creates problems, then our leaders can always review it,” the CM said during the weekly political session at Congress Bhavan in Aizawl on Friday.
The Church and the Congress government in Mizoram have collided over the lifting of 18 years of prohibition, but it has been community-based organisations and neighbourhood groups who have been at the forefront of a movement to not allow the opening of liquor retail outlets across various towns and parts of Aizawl city.
Congress leaders, including the CM himself, have however occasionally targeted the Church over it's stated opposition to liquor sales.
Matters came to a head this week when the party mouthpiece published a questionnaire that immediately caused heated public discussion — the questionnaire asks readers to name pastors who have been criticising the Congress government over the lifting of prohibition.
It also leaves space to mark the pastors' current place of posting, and also carries seven options where readers can mark where and at which platform the pastor made adverse comments against the party or the government.
Advertising
Two top party spokespersons quit from their posts as publishers of the mouthpiece on Thursday saying publishing the questionnaire was not a decision taken by the party but by those handling the mouthpiece's publication.
Shortly after starting a podcast with a friend he recommended to me the Bose Quiet Comfort 15 noise canceling headphones. While doubtful about wired over-ear headphones, which I hadn't worn in a decade, none-the-less I tried them out.
They immediately became required equipment.
Since Bose introduced the QC 15s five years ago they have become a common sight on frequent travelers in airports and train stations the world over. Now Bose has updated the line with the Quiet Comfort 25 noise canceling headphones .
Here are my thoughts on the QC 25s after three weeks, two trains, and one transatlantic trip.
The Reason You Buy Them
You buy the Quiet Comfort headphones from Bose to distance yourself from the acoustic intrusions of the world: construction, babies, jet engines, music, traffic, babies, and babies.
Take, to pick a random example, babies. Their voices designed by millions of years of evolution to be unignorable. In the confines of a crowded airplane, a single baby can tear asunder the calm and quiet thoughts of a hundred or more grown humans with a mere cry. What baby is going to pass up that kind of opportunity?
There is nothing -- legally anyway -- that you can do about a screaming baby, but the Bose Quiet comfort headphones are the next best thing. Your metaphorical smothering pillow, as it were.
And a pillow really is the best way to describe the effect. The noise canceling doesn't really cancel out the sounds of the world around you, as the name claims. The headphones aren't a mute, but make sounds muteed. The noise 'canceling' effect when combined with music, however, makes it easy to ignore the world and slip into isolated comfort. It works best for low constant sounds (Cabin airplane noises and street traffic almost disappear) and least well for irregular, high sounds (babies, sirens) but still makes them tolerable.
Once you stop actively listening to them, the sounds slip away from your mind. I've had the pleasure of living next to construction sites for, oh, the last five years. When I first put the headphones on, I can still hear the jackhammers, but any construction work that starts after that is hard to notice. Once in this state it can be startling to take off the headphones and be plunged back into cacaphonic horror.
All the above holds true for the QC 15s and, to my ears, the 25s are even better at reducing noise. So much better they can be too quiet for comfort in an already quiet room without playing music through them. If you have tinnitus you'll never want them on your head without some sound playing. (This has led me to the strange situation of playing recorded airplane cabin noise through the headphones, while on an airplane.)
The noise reduction is so good they need to come with a warning: these headphones are not safe to wear on the street. Sirens are still audible, but approaching cars are deadly silent. Without the ambient awareness of footsteps, people appear from behind without you noticing them in advance. If you're going to wear them on the street, even with one headphone off they can surprisingly limit your aural information.
What's the same
Two things that many people complained about the QC 15s are still the same in the QC 25s:
The headphones are still wired. This isn't a big deal: while wireless would be better, if the cost was battery life I'd rather stick with the wire. Besides, most situations where the headphones are at their best, like working in a cafe, are not high-mobility situations. If you plan to be moving around a lot Bose does have a line of wireless noise-canceling headphones. (I haven't tried these, I'm using and recommend the BlueBuds for wireless)
Pizza Patrón operates locations in Arizona , California , Illinois , and Texas . Pizza Patrón withdrew operations in Colorado . The chain primarily opens locations in neighborhoods with a high proportion of Latino residents. [3] In addition to the franchise's 100 locations across the southwest United States , 40 more are currently under development.
Pizza Patrón Inc. is a United States pizza chain headquartered in San Antonio , Texas . [1] It was founded in 1986 by Antonio Swad and Bernadette Fiaschetti. It was formerly headquartered in Dallas . [2]
The franchise's logo features the face of a man wearing a fedora hat. Their former logo was of the fedora hat alone. The chain's original slogan was "A Good Deal" from 1986 to 2001, and then it was ultimately changed to Más Pizza. Menos Dinero when the company started its franchising opportunities. ( Spanish for "More Pizza. Less Money"). In 2017, when the company was sold, the company ultimately changed the slogan to "Pizza Like A Boss", and abandoned the "Más Pizza. Menus Dinero" slogan that was with the company for 16 years.
Pizza Patrón was founded in 1986 by Antonio Swad, of Lebanese and Italian descent. Swad is also known for founding the Wingstop brand, which was sold in 2003 to focus on growing the Pizza Patrón brand. The brand has since been sold, and Swad is now working on other restaurant ventures. Pizza Patron was also founded by Bernadette Fiaschetti, who is of Italian and Irish descent. Fiaschetti is also known for founding Wingstop . She has since moved on from restaurants, and now hosts a nationally syndicated radio show on iHeartMedia called One Life Radio.
In 2006, Pizza Patrón successfully introduced new products like Patrón Dippers and Fiesta Wings, and it established its "Lista" (ready immediately) pizza program nationally. In addition, Pizza Patrón developed a dine-in store model, the Pizza Patrón Rapidito (airports/malls) model, the "Tiendita" (portable mini-store extension) and its "Lista" drive-through concept. These progressive additions to the concept were largely responsible for the 34.55% increase in business that Pizza Patrón experienced in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2006.[4]
Pizza por Pesos Edit
In January 2007, Pizza Patrón announced its new "Pizza por Pesos" policy which enabled the chain's customers to pay for pizzas with Mexican pesos for a limited time. Though the company was not the first to implement such a policy in the United States, the move came at a time of increasingly heated debate over illegal immigration in the United States and caused the chain's Dallas headquarters to receive complaints and death threats, even the Swad/Fiaschetti's household in Sunnyvale, Texas was threatened by the KKK for associating with Latinos .[5] It also created publicity for the chain, garnering media attention from several outlets including Fox News, The Colbert Report, MSNBC, The Tonight Show and many more. After the first week of the promotion, one owner reported that customers had paid with about 15,000 Mexican pesos, equivalent to about US$1,400, at his two southern California locations, which accounted for roughly 20% of his profits.[6]
On May 3, 2007, the company reported that sales in the first three months of 2007 were up 35% compared to sales during the first three months of 2006. The company attributed the strong growth in sales to publicity generated by news reports about the "Pizza for Pesos" campaign and said that its policy of accepting pesos, originally scheduled to last only until the end of April, was being made permanent.[7]
"Pizza Por Favor" crowds line up for free pizza on June 6, 2012
Pizza Patrón branded vehicle
Pizza por Favor Edit
On June 6, 2012, Pizza Patrón launched its "Pizza por Favor" promotion offering a free large pepperoni pizza to any customer who ordered in Spanish, by simply saying "Pizza Por Favor".
The event sparked controversy and criticism from conservative groups. The Conservative Caucus, an organization that advocates for English as the official national language of the United States, criticized “Pizza Por Favor,” and on the day in May when the promotion was announced, Pizza Patrón's email servers were maliciously hacked into. The company received international news coverage and gave away 80,000 pizzas during the one-day promotion, including 50,000 during the three-hour window it advertised plus another 30,000 in coupons for free pizzas that were given to people still waiting in line after supplies ran out and business hours had ended.[8]
In 2010, Wired.co.uk's Ian Steadman spent just over a week in North Korea. After the events of recent weeks -- such as Google's Eric Schmidt visiting the nation, and 3G being switched on -- he reflects on his trip, and how significant the North Korean regime's changes of stance could affect its people and our understanding of them.
You wait years for North Korea to open up a little, and it does so -- twice! -- in one week. You can now follow people Instagramming and Twittering from within the Hermit Kingdom as surely as they do so anywhere else, thanks to foreigners being granted 3G internet access.
That goes alongside the utterly bizarre sight of Kim Jong-Un sitting next to former NBA player (and notorious joker) Dennis Rodman, watching members of the Harlem Globetrotters face up against North Korean players in a game of "basketball diplomacy" for a Vice and HBO documentary.
Advertisement
One of these is a positive thing, the other, not so much.
North Korea elicits an understandable fascination in westerners for being a country apparently frozen in time. Most of the news we receive comes from the country's propaganda machine, or from whispers in neighbouring capitals. It's mysterious because we never know exactly what's going on. Unfiltered information, uploaded straight to the web (albeit perhaps with a sepia filter added for effect) is a sign that it's becoming a place less hard to picture.
Read next Twitch moves beyond gaming with new 'Twitch IRL' vlog stream Twitch moves beyond gaming with new 'Twitch IRL' vlog stream
But let's not confuse a push for more tourists, with reported new hotels and attractions on the way, as some kind of concession to international law and better human rights -- visiting North Korea means giving money to a totalitarian regime that starves its children. The US State Department's press conference on Rodman's visit is an unsurprisingly tetchy example of that.
When I visited North Korea, more than anything it reminded me of being taken on a bus tour of the poorer parts of Cape Town. There is no justification for these township tours for wealthy western tourists -- they exist in the same way that wildlife safaris do, for the purpose of letting people gawp at things that are Other.
Advertisement
The groups that run these tours often claim that they use the proceeds to fund charitable work, but if I wanted to have given to charity I could well have done so without sitting in a bus separated from other humans by glass just as surely as I'm separated from gorillas at the zoo. It is dehumanising in a fundamentally wrong way.
The North Korean tourism industry is slick, unexpectedly professional and -- as far as money-generating things go in the DPRK -- relatively large (the photo that accompanies this piece is one I took in a park in central Pyongyang, showing how tourists are tourists wherever you go). It is, exactly as Eric Schmidt's daughter wrote, "just like The Truman Show".
I visited in September 2010 for eight days, a time that was as thrilling as unsettling and which was, occasionally, frightening.
Read next Twitch now blocks trolls and hatespeech in real-time Twitch now blocks trolls and hatespeech in real-time
There were no electricity shortages but the roads were appalling, our bus almost crashed into a house after its brakes failed, and we nearly collided into a truck head-on as our guide tried to overtake a tractor in a mountain tunnel which was filled with exhaust fumes so thick visibility was down to a metre at best. The food was plentiful but pale, and tasteless -- "steaks" were small shredded pieces of beef, cabbage was grey, potatoes were watery and small.
Advertisement
In general each tourist bus takes the same road as every other tourist bus because they can trust tourists to see those roads, because they look the best. Look down a side street and you'll see concrete paving stop and turn into a dirt track, windowless apartment blocks or buildings abandoned half-finished. In Kim-Il Sung University they were very careful to stop us walking down certain corridors. Our guides -- constant companions and barely even pretending not to be secret police -- would tell us not to take photographs, but turn a blind eye until the odd moment when we were told that no, this time, no photographs, we mean it this time. The guides would often lead us down circular non-arguments as we tried to tease out the reality behind the façade: "Are there prisons in the DPRK?"
"No, there is no crime in the DPRK, so there can't be any prisons."
"But where do you put spies?"
"Spies are punished for spying, yes, and put in jail."
Read next Amazon reveals Prime Twitch and new virtual currency Stream+ Amazon reveals Prime Twitch and new virtual currency Stream+
"So where are the jails?"
"There are no jails in the DPRK."
...and so on.
There are hotels in every small town and village, even if most of the rooms are empty, the doors sealed shut and the only regular guests a dozen tourists a week and the occasional Red Cross volunteer. We went swimming in the ocean in Wonsan, diving off rusted iron platforms with holes as big as a fist in the ladder to the top. There's a hut for renting towels just as in any other beach resort, and parasols, and parks with benches and playgrounds.
It's all very normal, but very unsettling, very empty. Much of the North Korea the western tourist sees is as quiet as in movies about the end of the world.
Read next Twitter may drop photos and links from 140-character limits Twitter may drop photos and links from 140-character limits
The country takes in thousands of Chinese tourists every year -- consider it the Chinese equivalent of a day out at Black Country Museum -- and a few thousand western tourists, though exact figures aren't known.
The infrastructure is designed to corral the visitors into the same stock situations, most of which are incredibly dull museums dedicated to farming or industrial production or, sigh, more farming.
A factory for bottling spring water had a small machine in the middle of a huge, otherwise empty room -- the two "workers" turn it on as the tourists enter and hand out bottles of water that the propaganda posters claim can cure syphillis. The bottles are repurposed Chinese beer bottles with new labels. A factory farm in Hamhung had two men in the corner of a yard taking a tyre off a tractor -- they finished changing the tyre, paused, and begin changing it back over again.
Every tourist has a story like this -- "normal" people breaking out into song and dance in the park just as the tourists happen to walk past with their minders. Every few weeks another Reddit AMA -- from tourists, tour operators and more tourists -- floats towards the front page, despite largely containing exactly the same insight each time from visitors.
North Korea presents a fake image of the country to westerners that is not unlike that of the township tours, and it does so to generate money for a despotic regime that enslaves hundreds of thousands of people in gulags. On a scale of useful idiots from one to ten, where George Bernard Shaw scores pretty damn high, a holiday in North Korea surely scores at least a three or a four. Dennis Rodman's trip has been organised by HBO and Vice, clearly designed with lulz in mind. Rodman's about as opposite a character to Kim Jong-Un as you can imagine. That their plan worked, and they even had dinner with Kim at his private villa, is pretty stunning.
But we really, really shouldn't treat North Korea like this, considering the danger it poses to international stability and to the millions living within range of artillery batteries on the 38th parallel. I dare say more people know about Kim Jong-Il's golf record than about the famine that killed millions in the 1990s. That golf record isn't true (nor was it ever something the regime actually claimed), but what does it matter? It's North Korea! The land of "I'm So Ronery"! Lol!
I'm not the first to make this argument, either ( "Kim Jong-un has a beautiful fashionista wife and a box-top haircut to rival The Fresh Prince of Bel Air. LOL. One helluva guy."), and yesterday Gawker posted an extremely pointed response to the Dennis Rodman/Vice/HBO tour. There's a substantial difference between trying to reach out to another culture in friendship, and
Advertisement
tweeting about getting "wasted" with Kim Jong-Il. Bobby Mugabe is probably feeling very left out right now.
The North Koreans that tourists see pretending to do things are not dumb. They know their situation -- they know they live in a repressive state, and that they are instructed to act in a certain way for a reason. An actor knows she is acting. Piracy of South Korean music and TV shows is rampant; iPads and smartphones are common; even skinny jeans are a popular fashion accessory. To reduce these people to stooges is not only to patronise, but to dehumanise.
That makes the move to open up 3G internet to tourists a brave one for the regime. Ordinary people might not get access to the web, but they can see something if you're standing next to them, holding it in your hand. Google Earth renders of Pyongyang saved to a MacBook were a big hit in 2010, as were the lyrics to Pulp's "Common People". Who knows what the might think of Gangnam Style's tongue-in-cheek satire of nouveau riche South Koreans? The more people engage with North Koreans outside the paradigm of the regime, the more the illusion wavers. Nobody saw the fall of the Berlin Wall coming, but it had been coming, bit by bit.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- A rambling cluster of buildings, including an 1870s brewery and beer-wagon stable, will become 70 apartments under a long-stalled redevelopment plan creeping forward in Cleveland's Ohio City neighborhood.
The revival of West 25th Street is stretching north, enabling developers Rick Foran and Chris Smythe to turn historic buildings into homes after years of delays. Sidelined when the economy collapsed and financing dried up, the West 25th Street Lofts could see construction start in March.
In August, the developers got a preliminary nod from the U.S. Housing and Urban Development for a government-insured loan -- a key part of their financing package. Late last month, the Ohio Historic Site Preservation Advisory Board voted to create a new historic district, centered on West 25th and Detroit Avenue, that would make the $21 million project eligible for federal tax credits for restoring historic buildings.
Landlords and investors in the area say the lofts would eliminate one of the last blighted gaps along West 25th Street between Lorain and Detroit avenues. And the redevelopment would bring much-needed supply to a market where nearly every apartment is full.
Foran and Smythe say occupancy in the neighborhood surpassed 97 percent early this year, based on a market study for their project. Nearby property owners say it's closer to 100 percent.
"I had a vacancy come up at the Metzner Building, and we rented it in about two hours," said Doug Perkowski, who owns and manages several apartment buildings on or near West 25th. "I found out the guy was moving out, and we had it leased the same day -- at a higher rent."
Foran and Smythe, longtime participants in Northeast Ohio commercial real estate, have been trying to make their project work for half a decade. Now Ohio City's momentum, some key pieces of financing and the strength of the apartment market are working in their favor.
On the south side of Church Avenue, between West 25th and West 28th streets, the future apartment complex includes the former Baehr Brewing Co. building, a onetime Odd Fellows Hall and four industrial buildings most recently used as offices.
One cavernous building, large enough to house a crane, will hold three stories of apartments, with a penthouse level perched on top and parking on the ground floor. A charter school will keep its space in the back of the complex. Storefronts on West 25th could be home to small companies and restaurants.
A two-bedroom apartment might rent for $1,200 to $1,400 a month -- or $1.10 to $1.20 per square foot, slightly cheaper than rates in downtown Cleveland.
"As we and others begin to invest in the area, we're finding others joining in," Foran said. "People are opening up their boarded-up windows and putting nice glass back in, and sort of giving up that '70s bunker mentality."
For three years, activity in Ohio City has radiated from West 25th and Lorain, where the West Side Market sits. Now developers are picking off the last empty spaces in the crowded market district and looking further afield for opportunities.
Tom Gillespie, the owner of several West 25th Street buildings, is seeking state historic preservation tax credits to turn the old Jay Hotel, on Jay Avenue, into eight apartments over first-floor retail. A former settlement house at 3000 Bridge Ave. is another potential apartment project. And a few developers are considering new construction -- even for-sale townhouses, as apartment rents inch up.
"The increase in calls we get from people who want to live here but can't find a place has increased exponentially over the last year and a half to two years," said Eric Wobser, executive director of Ohio City Inc. "I feel like this is sort of the beginning of the beginning of the market beginning to recover."
On Twitter: @mjarboe
Subscribe on Facebook: MichelleJarboeMcFee
Image via Wikimedia Commons.
Much of the mainstream press hailed Tuesday's Democratic wins in Virginia, New Jersey, and beyond as an explicit biteback at Donald Trump. In a cycle flush with stories about the anniversary of Trump's election win, parts of the press seemed intent on casting Republican setbacks as a narrative shift.
Ralph Northam's comfortable win in the Virginia governor's race was the crest of a progressive wave, they said—The New York Times heralded a “first, forceful rebuke of Trump and his party,” The Washington Post called it “nothing less than a stinging repudiation of Trump,” and The New Yorker described it as “a turn in national politics.”
ICYMI: The most-read stories since Trump's election win might surprise you
But sweeping conclusions about the frailty of Trump and the resurgence of the Democratic Party are premature. These were local elections settled by local dynamics—and while Trump was a factor, it's impossible to divine a uniform “Trump effect” across states. Editors and observers interviewed by CJR paint a more complex picture than a Trump slump: The president was one consideration in elections that hinged on state-specific issues and personalities, filtered through particular demographics that don't perfectly reflect the country as a whole.
“If you watched some of the national punditry on the eve of the election, there were some folks who thought it likely that Republican Ed Gillespie was going to win” the Virginia governor's race, says Andrew Cain, politics editor of the Richmond Times-Dispatch. “Those of us who watch the numbers year after year in statewide elections knew that while it was possible for Gillespie to prevail, it was going to be a challenge given the pace of demographic change in the state and the fact Democrats seem to have something of a hold on the state's population centers.”
While the mainstream media touted Virginia as the strongest evidence of voter backlash against Trump, some headlines mentioned Phil Murphy's win in the New Jersey governor's race. Jeff Edelstein, a columnist with The Trentonian, says that's also a mistake. “We were going to get a Democrat governor no matter who was president this time around—we had eight years of a Republican, and Chris Christie's popularity just sunk,” he says. Incumbent Christie's approval rating has hovered just above single digits for months, dragged down by scandals like “Bridgegate” and a decision to sun himself on a beach the state government had closed to the public over the July 4 holiday.
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
That's not to say Trump's unpopularity didn't have an impact in these states; it almost certainly did. The clear margin of Northam's victory and rampant, unexpected gains for the Democrats in the Virginia state legislature—where a transgender woman, Danica Roem, unseated a sponsor of an anti-transgender bathroom bill—likely had something to do with Trump's low approval rating. Edelstein reckons Democrats similarly profited in down-ballot races in New Jersey—even though they escaped the national attention afforded their Virginia counterparts. Further afield, the party picked up the mayoralty of Manchester, New Hampshire, for the first time in 14 years, and took control of the Washington state legislature.
ICYMI: Former NYTimes journalists are ticked off by new Meryl Streep, Tom Hanks movie
The problem is more that mainstream news outlets have extrapolated national significance from states that don't reflect the full complexity of an increasingly divided country. New Jersey has a long record of electing gubernatorial candidates from the opposite party to the president. Virginia, meanwhile, has been leaning blue for some time and was the only Southern state not to vote for Trump last year. It's highly questionable it can still be classed as a “swing state,” and it's certainly not a “bellwether” of the national political picture, as The Guardian suggested.
Ever since Trump was elected, sections of the media have drawn tenuous, big-picture stories from small-picture races and states, drawing contradictory conclusions as a result. Karen Handel's win over Jon Ossoff in a Georgia Congressional special election in June was hailed in some parts as a body-blow for Democrats—even though she only won narrowly in a solidly Republican district. And Roy Moore's victory over Luther Strange in Alabama's GOP Senate primary last month was called a victory for exactly the sort of flame-throwing Trumpism that yesterday's elections supposedly repudiated.
“To try to extrapolate too much from Virginia and Alabama, in particular, sort of misses the point. Those couldn't be two more different states. Virginia went blue in the last election, Alabama has been a red stronghold for well over two decades now. And crazy events have happened in both states, [like] Charlottesville,” says Elaina Plott, an Alabama native who writes for Washingtonian magazine. “I'm gonna be much more interested in understanding what happens in a state like Pennsylvania when it comes to predicting what we might see in 2018 and beyond.”
Outlets like CNN and FiveThirtyEight have already cast yesterday's victories for Democrats as a huge boost to their 2018 midterm prospects, albeit with some caveats. The analysis might end up being right. But if the media's failure to predict Trump's win last year was attributable, in part, to treating states in isolation and not as movable parts in a dynamic country, then it should be extra careful to avoid the same mistakes going forward.
ICYMI: A recent op-ed made a very important point about the word “collusion”
A widely echoed New York Times analysis about this week's elections declared “Trumpism without Trump” to be “a losing formula.” Even leaving aside the fact Moore won on a Trumpian platform in Alabama without the president's personal endorsement, this sort of take is flawed. The media can't conclude, in the same breath, that the results in Virginia and New Jersey were both a direct rebuke to Trump and a reflection of his absence from those races. As CNBC senior columnist Jake Novak says in an interview with CJR, “It's time for everyone to understand that Trump and the Republican Party are two different things.”
Parts of the media, especially left-leaning outlets like Vice, framed the run-up to Tuesday's elections as a first test for the anti-Trump “resistance,” gambling that this had the makings of what Cain at the Richmond Times-Dispatch calls a “Beach Boys election—catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.” The results seemed to confirm that preordained narrative, giving it extra potency.
It's okay for journalists to synthesize linked local events into a broader national pattern, and it's okay for them to invoke Trump when doing so. But the instinct to confirm a presupposed trend is dangerous—and this week's elections did not make for conclusive evidence. “Going into it, if I was king of all media, I'd wanna see Trump get trounced, because that's a better story,” says Edelstein at The Trentonian. “In that regard the media kinda got what it was looking for.”
TRENDING: New York Times makes important statement about mass shootings with a series of clocks
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Jon Allsop is a freelance journalist. He writes CJR's newsletter The Media Today. Find him on Twitter @Jon_Allsop.
A few months ago, the eminent Chinese scholar Wang Jisi noted that China had achieved “first class power status” and “should be treated as such.” The current situation with North Korea suggests two responses: There is scarcely a more opportune moment for Beijing to step up to the plate; and be careful what you wish for.
Here is what we know about China and the current crisis with North Korea: Beijing doesn't know what to do. Before North Korea's nuclear test, the state-supported newspaper Global Times asserted that China should “seize initiative in NK issues” and argued, “…if North Korea insists on a third nuclear test despite attempts to dissuade it, it must pay a heavy price. The assistance it will be able to receive from China should be reduced.” After the test, the official news agency Xinhua argued that the “DPRK's defiance was deeply rooted in its strong sense of insecurity after years of confrontation with South Korea, Japan and a militarily more superior United States.” In other words, Beijing was back to blaming everyone else for the DPRK's actions.
Chinese foreign policy analysts are also divided over how to approach North Korea. As early as December 2010, Chinese scholar Zhu Feng referred to China's continued support of North Korea as an example of Beijing's “obsolete ideology” and noted that Chinese thinking on North Korea is “no longer monolithic” and, in fact, “no foreign-policy issue is more divisive.” The BBC's roundup of Chinese scholars' views suggests Zhu is right. Ruan Zongze, deputy director of the China Institute of International Studies, stated that China had already “made huge efforts” and “developments on the Korean Peninsula do not just depend on China.” And Fudan University scholar Shen Dingli argued that the United States “will eventually accept North Korea's nuclear weapons.” Major-General Xu Guangyu, however, said that North Korea's “military first politics is wrong” and UN sanctions will be unavoidable.
Another thing we know about China and North Korea is that the potential of Beijing's leverage — the life-sustaining economic, food, and energy assistance it provides to the DPRK—is not in any way influencing North Korean decision-making. In addition to Pyongyang ignoring Beijing's warnings over the third nuclear test, let's not forget that late last year a $40 million investment in North Korea by one of China's largest mining companies went belly-up when the North Koreans reportedly mastered the mining processes themselves and evicted the Chinese workers. The Chinese company is still trying to recoup some of its investment. Moreover, efforts by the Chinese to persuade Kim Jong-un to undertake more significant economic reform have apparently fallen on deaf ears. North Korea appears to be the tail that is wagging the China dog.
While we wait for Beijing's foreign policy to coalesce, we might look to Beijing's north for some help. Mongolian officials have regularly hosted their North Korean counterparts for national security and economic discussions. They have even acted as a third party host for delicate negotiations involving the DPRK; most recently in November 2012, Mongolia brought Japanese and North Korean negotiators together in Ulaanbaatar to discuss the long-standing problem of North Korea's abduction of Japanese citizens. Like China, Mongolia has a long-standing relationship with the DPRK; it was the second country to grant diplomatic recognition to North Korea after the Soviet Union. It is unlikely that a simple talk with Mongolia's personable President Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj will have an immediate impact, but at the very least backchannel lines of communication can be exploited. More insight into Kim Jong-un's thinking and the broader political situation within North Korea is clearly needed.
Beijing has options—chief among them is adopting tougher sanctions both through the United Nations and bilaterally (such as turning off the spigot of the Daqing pipeline that supplies the DPRK with much of its oil, as Beijing did nearly a decade ago in March 2003). Whatever Beijing decides to do, however, it has likely already realized that in the world of “first-class power,” high-stakes foreign policy, you don't get points for trying, only for succeeding.
Select a date Select month July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 Select a category Agriculture Bihar Votes For Its (and India's) Future BUDGET 2014 Budget 2015: Modi's Moment of Reckoning Budget 2016: The stories behind the numbers Chart of the Day Climate Change Cover Story Currency Chaos Development Education Elections 2014 Employment Fact Check Governance Newsletter Health homepage video Hunger India's Great Challenge: Health & Sanitation IndiaSpend In The News IndiaSpend Interviews Industry Investigations Central State Latest Headlines The Latest Reports Making Sense of Breaking News Modi's Message: India's States Reply Modi's Report Card Mumbai Special: The Revival Agenda Opinion – Videos Opinions Pollution Poverty Prime Time: India's Grand Challenges Resources Central State Sectors Agriculture Defence Economy & Policy Education Health Infrastructure Snapshots States Central India Chattisgarh Madhya Pradesh EAST Bihar Jharkhand Orissa West Bengal NORTH Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu & Kashmir New Delhi Punjab Rajasthan Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand NORTH EAST Arunachal Pradesh Assam Manipur Meghalaya Mizoram Nagaland Sikkim Tripura SOUTH Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu WEST Goa Gujarat Maharashtra Story In A Minute The Air We #Breathe The Road To Delhi: Elections 2015 The Transition: 2015-2016 Uncategorized Viznomics: A Quick Glance At Big Issues Welfare Women Women@Work Search with Google
Nearly 17 million Indian children between the ages of 10 and 19—6% of the age group—are married, many of them to older men, newly-released census figures reveal.
This is an increase of 0.9 million from the 2001 census figure.
The legal age for marriage is 18, so some involved may have been adults, but it is unlikely both partners were.
Of these married children, 76%, or 12.7 million, are girls, according to census data. Only four million boys in this age group are married, reinforcing the fact that girls are significantly more disadvantaged.
More boys were married in 2011 at 4 million compared to 3.4 million in 2001. The number is constant for girls.
Source: Census; *Married back in 2011
Uttar Pradesh has the most married children (2.8 million), followed by Bihar and Rajasthan (with 1.6 million each).
IndiaSpend has previously reported that India is ranked 6th among the top 10 countries that report child marriages among females.
Since the number of married boys is much lower than that of girls, it is clear girls are marrying older men.
For example, Uttar Pradesh has 2 million married girls in the age group of 10-19 years, while 2.8 million in total (boys & girls) are married in the age group; Girls account for 71% of the total married people in this group. It's the same for other states.
Source: Census; shapefile from Datameet; view raw data here
And children beget children
Six million children were born to couples married in the age group of 10-19. The majority of these children were boys (3 million).
Uttar Pradesh has the highest number of children born to children: 1 million.
Maternal mortality and infant mortality rates are closely linked to early marriages.
A UNICEF study pointed that early marriage hinders educational attainment, which then leads to poor maternal health and higher infant mortality rates.
Child-bearing at a young age is detrimental to the health of both the mother and the infant. This is why child marriage affects women more than men, other than the fact that men are less likely to be married as children.
India's maternal mortality ratio (the number of women who die during pregnancy and childbirth per 100,000 live births) has gone down from 254 in 2006 to 190 in 2014, but it is still higher than the ratio in most other countries.
Infant mortality rate (number of infant deaths for every 1,000 live births) has come down from 68 in 2000 to 56 in 2014, but is still too high and short of human-development targets.
Source: Lok Sabha; MMR data for several states are unavailable and been stated as 0.
States with higher child marriage rates report higher maternal as well as infant deaths.
The exception is Maharashtra which has a high rate of child marriage but still maintains a low maternal mortality ratio of 68. The reason for this could be improved healthcare services, as this IndiaSpend report has explained.
Married children are part of the 47% of India's population that is currently married.
The age group of 35-39 years had the highest number of married men with 40.2 million, and the age bracket of 25-29 years had the highest number of married women with 44.6 million.
Update: A link to a UNICEF study has been modified.
____________________________________________________________________
“Liked this story? Indiaspend.org is a non-profit, and we depend on readers like you to drive our public-interest journalism efforts. Donate Rs 500; Rs 1,000, Rs 2,000.”
Donald Trump's core fan base is experiencing something of a difficult week.
Recent developments involving the scrapping of the Obama era Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program or DACA though, appear to be the last straw for some Trump hard liners.
Up until this point, Trump's rallying call on the subject of immigration has been that of an isolationist one - close American borders to a variety of countries, build a wall on the southern border and deport 'illegals' who commit crimes.
Trump denied that a deal had been made on Twitter.
But followed it up with this slightly more opaque tweet:
It was this which angered a number of Republicans on Twitter, causing them to publicly call out Trump for reneging on his hard line anti-immigration stance that we saw on the campaign.
One of the most prominent people calling for Trump to re-think was right-wing commentator Ann Coulter who tweeted:
Some of Mr Trump's followers have taken to Twitter, to burn the distinctive Make America Great Again hats, sharing pictures and videos of the act with the hashtag #burnmyMAGAhat.
It's a pretty dramatic message to send to the President.
Especially as it became synonymous with his campaign.
Other users are employing the hashtag #AmnestyDon to share their pictures.
Some have even changed their Twitter names, this user opted for #TrumpBetrays
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Liverpool supporters are angry and frustrated and rightly so.
Since the turn of the year the wheels have come off. Jurgen Klopp 's side haven't just dropped out of the Premier League title race, they have also vacated the top four and been beaten in both domestic cups.
Standards have slipped alarmingly. Momentum has been squandered. Weaknesses in the squad have been exposed as crestfallen Kopites come to terms with yet another trophyless season.
Many are looking for someone to pin the blame on and plenty of ire is being directed at those across the Atlantic with owners Fenway Sports Group finding their tenure under scrutiny.
The publication of private email exchanges between Liverpool's principal owner John W Henry and fellow FSG executives prior to their £300million takeover in October 2010 have spread like wildfire on social media and been used as a stick to beat them with.
They haven't been leaked, they were court submissions in the case between Mill Financial, the US hedge fund which made an 11th hour attempt to buy the Reds, and George Gillett Jnr, the former Liverpool co-owner. They were filed at the New York County Supreme Court in May 2015 and are freely available online.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In August 2010 when FSG (then known as New England Sports Ventures) were considering tabling a bid for the debt-ridden club, Henry wrote: “There is a basic precept/combination that I have learned from Charlie Munger and Warren Buffett that interests me in Red.
“That is the concept of acquiring a top global brand at a discount price and ensuring it is well managed. I am interested now in trying to ascertain if this is indeed a major opportunity that would indeed diversify and strengthen NESV.”
Having looked into the prospect of buying Liverpool Football Club in more detail, Henry was more enthused as he later typed: “If we could acquire this for the debt, I really feel like we would be stealing this franchise.
“In some ways they really are in the dark ages — especially competitively. The best and brightest are not presently working on English soccer. But the English Premier League is bigger than the NFL, NASCAR, MLB and the NBA internationally. Only Formula One can begin to compare in viewership.
“This could be a steal. Every buyer believes what potential Red Sox buyers believed — you have to build a new stadium. And they believe the stadium will cost more than £350m! That's why there are no bidders. We would probably take the same approach we took to Fenway Park. But we'd be looking to limit investment in the facility to 8 figures.
“Then how much is this worth if we recruit the best and the brightest to run the soccer operation?”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The language used is undoubtedly clumsy and unfortunate. But despite the fury in some quarters, the fact is that those private emails don't tell us anything about FSG that we didn't know already.
They are an American sports investment company. They weren't drawn to Anfield by the history and the tradition, the attraction was that it was an outstanding business opportunity.
Henry was right. It was ‘a steal'. Liverpool FC was in a mess at the time and was available at a knockdown rate.
With Forbes now valuing the club at £1.16billion, it's proved to be a shrewd investment.
It's also true that under their stewardship over the past seven years Liverpool FC has been transformed following the dark days under Tom Hicks and Gillett.
FSG have provided stability, they have put the club on a much sounder financial footing and in getting the new Main Stand built they found the perfect solution to one of the biggest issues they inherited.
Of course there have been blunders along the way, not the least last year's planned ticket price increases which triggered an unprecedented Anfield walkout and a swift apology and U-turn.
Despite the current mood of doom and gloom, it's also worth remembering that Henry, Tom Werner and Mike Gordon pulled off a major coup when they secured the services of Klopp.
So what's the problem? The current levels of vitriol stem from the belief that FSG simply haven't invested enough cash in the pursuit of glory. That they haven't backed the manager.
“We're here to win. We have a tradition of winning,” said Henry following that dramatic triumph in the High Court in October 2010.
But a solitary League Cup triumph in 2012 is all they have to show for their tenure.
Liverpool have lost finals of the FA Cup, the League Cup and the Europa League. They have also been beaten in the semi-finals of both domestic cups and fallen agonisingly short in a Premier League title race they looked destined to win. Whenever they have looked set to take the next step, they have stumbled.
Only once during FSG's reign have the Reds finished higher than sixth in the Premier League - that thrilling challenge of 2013-14 has been sandwiched by far too much mediocrity.
Say anything remotely positive about the owners and you risk getting shouted down as an ‘apologist', but it's worth remembering that from the off Henry and co warned they weren't sugar daddies.
Liverpool FC has had to live within its means. The stark reality is that the Premier League club with the fifth highest turnover and the fifth highest wage bill currently sits fifth in the table.
Unable to compete at the top end of the market with the likes of Manchester United, Manchester City and Chelsea, the Reds have pursued a transfer policy which focuses on investing in young talent and developing it rather than buying the finished article to order reaching the summit.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
FSG have sanctioned an outlay of around £475m on signings over the past seven seasons with around £355m recouped from sales.
Brendan Rodgers may have bemoaned missing out on his top targets at times and having to settle for ‘committee signings' but Klopp enjoys much greater control. He calls the shots.
Some have interpreted Liverpool's inactivity in the January window as proof that FSG simply didn't back Klopp, but both publicly and privately the manager is adamant that wasn't the case. With those players he wanted not for sale, Klopp opted to sit tight and wait for the summer.
Should the Reds have bought? Undoubtedly. The folly of not having suitable reinforcements lined up to bolster the squad has been exposed by the downturn in results. The squad isn't as strong as either Klopp, Michael Edwards or Gordon thought it was. But if there's blame to be attached then it should be collective.
Mistakes have been made but a sense of perspective is important. Liverpool is just a point adrift of the Champions League spot which was Klopp's No 1 target back in August.
This season isn't a write-off and this isn't the time to be looking for scapegoats.
Sixteen months ago FSG and Klopp embarked on a long-term project together and that bond remains strong.
The owners believe in the manager's ability to deliver the glory which has proved elusive during their reign to date. And Klopp's faith that they will give him the tools he needs to make that happen remains unwavering.
Welcome to the inaugural post of a new blogs series “Crowdfunded comics that deserve your attention”. It's a weekly blog post about…crowdfunded comics that deserve a lot more attention then they are getting. Every week I will select one comic series or graphic novel currently on Kickstarter, Indiegogo, Patreon, or any other crowdfunding site and write about what it is, what I like about it, and why I think it deserves to be funded.
A couple of things to clear up before we start:
1. I am not being paid for this and these posts reflect my opinion and my opinion alone. If, for whatever reason, I receive any form of compensation for any article I write I will make it expressly clear who is paying and why.
2. This series is for comics and graphic novels only. This blog and website is dedicated to comics and this rule is simply in place to keep it all consistent.
3. If you are reading things and are currently running a crowdfunding campaign for a comic book or graphic novel of your own creation please let me know! Leave a polite request and a link to your campaign on my Twitter account @CambrianComics and I will take a look. Please only leave one request, anyone caught spamming tweets or acting in a rude or disrespectful manner will be ignored.
With that said let's move on to our first candidate: Amiculus Volume II: Flagellum Dei
Author's note: if you want to check out the campaign first feel free to click here to go directly to the Kickstarter page. If you would like a little more convincing, read on. The same link will be a bottom of the page below.
What is it?
Amiculus Vol. II is the second Kickstarter campaign by creator Travis Horseman and artist Giancarlo Caracuzzo. Fresh off the success of their successfully funded Volume 1: Roma Aeterna, which is now available on Amazon,
this writer and artist take us to a war torn ancient Rome at the twilight of the Western Roman Empire and ask the question: did Rome fall…or was it pushed?
Why I like it:
Amiculus is ancient historical fiction at its finest. I know this because I donated the Kickstarter campaign for Volume I and I was not disappointed. Travis Horseman crafts a tale of blood, betrayal, and unimaginable violence at the twilight of one of the greatest empires the world has ever known. The comic follows the quest of the ancient historian Procopius of Caesarea as he seeks the last words of the boy emperor Romulus Augustulus, the last truly Roman ruler of the Western Roman Empire.
He finds a manuscript that takes him into the final days of the Roman Empire as the city that was once the jewel of the world is laid to siege by the barbarian general (and former Roman mercenary) Odoacer.
Sadly, Rome is not prepared for this kind of fight. The Emperor is a young boy, a weak leader who is controlled by his commanding and ambitious father Flavius Orestes,
And Odoacer seems to have help from a mysterious clocked figure that appears to know everything about the Roman defenses, a shrouded figure known only as…Amiculus.
The reason I'm talking about this is because this is the kind of story I love to read. I am a rabid fan of ancient history and I can personally attest that every name, every date, and every location within Rome is accurate. With the exception of Amiculus (if we don't take SOME liberty with the events that happened we wouldn't have a work of historical fiction) all the major players are there.
Also, the art work is top notch. Caracuzzo is a veteran artist who has been drawing for over thirty years, and his dedication and skill show in this comic. Here the artist gets to showcase an impressive eye for action and some of the most effective emotional displays I have ever seen.
Why you should donate:
Amiculus is a work of historical fiction, a field that comic books don't really explore too often. Granted there are plenty of western and fantasy comics that take their inspiration from history but this is different. This is a story filled with real people, in real locations, making real history and you don't need that much embellishment to make it exciting.
Still, if that isn't enough to make you want to donate there is the practical side to consider. I'll be the first to admit that one of the big problems with crowdfunded comics is that the creators of successful funding campaigns sometimes have a bit of trouble delivering promised rewards on promised shipping dates. That is not a problem here, the creative team has already created a successful campaign that has delivered on its promises (like I said before, I donated to their first campaign) and will do so again.
This comic is a work of art and storytelling that allows an excellent storyteller and an excellent artist to tell an epic, complex, and incredibly violent story about an epic, complex, and incredibly violent period of human history.
If you liked what you read and want to either learn more or donate, please feel free to check out the Kickstarter page here. Thank you.
Advertisements
I quit when I became pregnant with my daughter, almost eight years ago. I don't remember it being hard at all. It was for her, so I didn't have a choice. I just stopped and that was it. Maybe it didn't hurt so much because, since I was pregnant, I had pretty much carte blanche to behave however I wanted. Unless she's actively harming you or someone you love, it's pretty difficult to chastise a pregnant woman for very much. For years, I forgot about it completely. Smoking didn't even occur to me. I looked down on smokers. They were weak, gross, self absorbed. Didn't they know that they could just decide to be finished with it all? Why would they be so unwilling to stop such an obviously foul and dangerous activity? I was sad for them.
Six months ago, I found myself once again with a cigarette snuggled firmly between the index and middle finger of my right hand. I'm not sure how it started. There were friends and nights out, there was a road trip, and at the end of it all there was me, once again a smoker. I can just smoke one at the end of every day, I'd thought, just to relax. I can come outside and sit in the quiet and look at the sky and have my single cigarette and unwind. I can absolutely control myself enough to just smoke one. I am an adult and a she-monster of mythical proportions and I can decide things for myself. But! Of course I couldn't. In a week I was smoking half a pack a day and by the two week mark I was up to the entire pack. At first I tried to be stealthy, only smoking when my husband wasn't looking or my kids were in bed, but eventually I branched out to smoking whenever the hell I wanted to, no matter who was looking. Because it was important. It was something I had to do. I wound up, once again, with the small circle of mildewed chairs and the bucket in my backyard and a reason to sit and think and look at the sky for a few minutes every hour or so.
My daughter knew better than to try to appeal to my sense of self preservation, she skipped me and went straight to frogs. She would latch on to me at bedtime, dramatically, with a frown on her seven year old face and in the most stern voice she could muster, she would shame me for killing frogs. “They're already EXTINCT in some places!” (Here she would stop to glare at me a little extra.) “They're dying because of TOBACCO. They're dying because of YOU.” (This is the part where I google “tobacco is killing frogs” and get three results from shoddy sources and realize that my daughter is a very, very good liar).
Eight days ago, I smoked my last cigarette. It isn't easy this time. It hurts. I wander around, feeling like there's something I'm supposed to be doing but coming up empty. I'm crabby, and sad, and my hands feel completely useless; I have absolutely no idea what to do with them. Assuming the average length of each one of my cigarette breaks is seven minutes, then 13 percent of each 18-hour day is devoted to smoking, but I feel idle and confused and frustrated most of the time that I'm awake. Yesterday, I walked in aimless circles until finally giving up and forcing my children to play and craft with me. Cutting paper, gluing things, stringing beads, my kids are so sick of crafts that I think they're starting to avoid me. Shunned by them by mid-afternoon, I busied myself by making three different loaves of bread. Between mindless snacking and frenzied baking, I ate at least a stick of butter over the course of a single day. But at least, I told myself at the end of the night while undoing the button of my suddenly-tight pants, at least I'm doing this for my health.
Last week, I would have celebrated coming to the end of writing this piece by sitting in my mildewed chair and smoking a cigarette underneath a clear, cold sky. Maybe today I'll just grab a tub of margarine and go outside to think about frogs.
Today is my brothers birthday, he would have been twenty five. It has been nine years since he died, but sometimes the pain feels as raw as it did the day that it happened. Although time helps heal, there is nothing that can ever take it away. In a matter of two days my brother went from being a healthy teenage boy, to brain-dead. Meningitis killed my brother and by the time we knew what was happening, there was nothing we could do about it.
Occasionally, I think about those two days. The day everything happened, and the day nothing happened. They play out in my memories like flashbacks from a movie.
I was a few months shy of seventeen and had started my first summer job. My mother called me while I was driving home and told me that Drew was sick and asked me to pick him up some 7up. When I got home my brother was laying in my mother's recliner, covered with blankets and moaning of a headache. I gave him some medicine and put some frozen peas on the back of his neck, but something seemed off, which is something that still haunts me to this day.
I called my parents and told them that they should come home and take him to the doctor, and that is what they did.
The next thing I remember is waking up to yelling. I was confused. I ran to my parent's bedroom and found them trying to wake up my brother. I didn't know what they wanted or needed me to do, but I made the decision to call 9-1-1. My body and voice shook, and in the middle of giving the operator our information, my dad yelled for me to help. My dad wanted help moving Drew from their bedroom to our front room. Drew started having seizures. I will spare the details, the ones that play on re-run in my mind, they hurt too bad. I had never witnessed a seizure before. I dropped his feet in panic and instantly started crying. For a long time I carried guilt for that, it took a while for me to share that with anybody.
Following the ambulance to the hospital was the longest ten-minute drive of my life. So many questions, and no answers.
I don't remember a lot between arriving at the hospital that day and being woken up the following morning.
My grandma came to stay with my sister and I while my parents stayed with my brother in the ICU. Sometime early in the morning my parents called and said that we needed to come to the hospital because they did not think he would make it. Wouldn't make it? He was just fine. He just had the flu. They took him to the DOCTOR and the DOCTOR sent him home; and hours later, he isn't going to make it?
I remember sitting in the hospital that day. It all seemed surreal, like it literally could not be happening. Not to him and not to us.
The moment that we found out that he was dead, was a moment that I wish I could forget. We were all in a small room, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and my brother and sister. My mother walked into the room with two doctors by her side. My eyes were fixed on her and my chest was so heavy that I could not breathe. Tears filled her eyes and her voice shook as she told us. I have never felt such pain before, I fell to my knees and started crying. Life was so unfair.
My parents made the decision to donate his organs and as a result Drew was kept on life support even though he was brain-dead. His chest was still moving up and down and he looked like was merely sleeping. I held on to him and wept, I kissed his hand and cheek, and said goodbye. That was the last time that I ever saw him.
My heart was shattered by losing my brother. My heart was broken even more by watching my parents. Now that I have children of my own, I can not imagine what my parents were going through. I never want to. The very thought of losing one of my babies is nauseating, and my parents live the hellish nightmare every day.
The week following my brother's death was a whirlwind. There were preparations, visitors, cards, flowers, food, and media. Drew's death was a hot news topic. I had reporters calling my cellphone for an interview. I had a clerk at the local grocery store ask me if I heard about the Bothell Football Player who died. Yes, I replied, he was my brother. My life changed in every way.
My brother was one year, one month, and fifteen days younger than me. He died from Bacterial Meningitis on July 7, 2004 at the age of fifteen. We believe he contracted Meningitis after attending a high school football camp. He was happy, healthy, and athletic. He showed flu-like systems, and died within the next 48 hours. Even though he was brought to the Doctor promptly and Meningitis was brought up, there was no spinal tap done and he was misdiagnosed. Every second counts when it comes to Meningitis.
I live every day wishing that I had known about Meningitis at the time. Meningococcal disease, is a very serious but vaccine-preventable bacterial infection. For a long time after his death I carried a tremendous burden of guilt. I knew that something was wrong, but I did not know what. I had my parents leave work early to take him to the doctor, what if I had been more insistent that something else was wrong? Would he still be alive? I do not know.
There are two reasons that I wanted to share this story with you. Writing is therapeutic for me. When I write down my feelings and memories I can not hide behind them. However, the main reason I wanted to share is, it was recently brought to my attention that there was a Meningitis outbreak at Princeton University. Knowledge can save a life. If sharing my story, regardless of how personal it is, can spare even one family from going through the continual heartache my family lives with- it is completely worth it.
You can read about Drew's story on The National Meningitis Associations's website here: http://www.nmaus.org/awareness/washington.htm
or from The Seattle Times http://seattletimes.com/html/obituaries/2001976433_bothell10e.html
Advertisements
Contents show]
Resources Edit
An extensive and detailed guide to selecting, buying, seasoning, using, cleaning and caring for cast iron cookware
Buying Edit
All cast iron skillets are the same, don't waste your money on a more expensive brand or antique items. Iron is iron, unless you're lining a bomb shelter. If anyone tells you that one brand of iron is better than another, that person is a dummy/
Lodge is a good value brand you can get from Walmart. You will have to reseason it though.
richsoil.com recommends Griswold:
My impression is that general consensus to get the best cast iron skillet is to buy a Griswold cast iron skillet from ebay (try for a number 10 cast iron skillet for about $35 plus shipping). The other techniques are just too much work or add too much frustration.
In general, used cast iron cookware seems to be just as good as new. [add links to reddit discussions if any]
Seasoning Edit
[the hows and whys]
Care and Handling Edit
The easiest way to keep a clean cast iron skillet is to make pan sauces in it after cooking protein. The process of deglazing removes the sticky bits.
When the cooking is done - scrub the pan with hot water and remove all food from the pan. Dry the pan, and then take a small drop of cooking oil and wipe the cooking area with a paper towel and oil. This prevents rust.
Do not use soap on a cast iron skillet. If you can't scrub off bits - boil water in the skillet to blast off really tough food particles.
Writing is hard. To do it I usually have to prepare myself with vigorous stretches, vocal exercises, and a robust bowel movement. Every. Single. Day. But what tools do I use to write? Tools like First Draft.
First Draft comes from Ben Watanabe and Dave Smith and their software house, 96 Problems. Watanabe and Smith both live in Japan and have worked in VC and M&A. Their house is focused on creating cool tools that work well and then monetizing them. First Draft is their first product.
“The idea behind 96 Problems is to make ‘simple solutions for small problems,'” said Smith. “Rather than raise money behind a ‘big idea' from the start, we hack together products rapidly and ship, then get feedback quickly and decide whether to continue or not. If a product strikes a chord with a particular community and we think it has potential to be valuable, we'll then commit more resources and build it up, and raise behind that if an opportunity exists.”
The app is free but costs $15 to get a version that lets you export projects into other software.
The app lets you create folders for larger projects and then separate files for each chapter or story. As a dedicated Scrivener user I rarely stick with other editors but First Draft seems like a very interesting, distraction-free solution to random scribblings. You can even add little placeholders for images that you want to add later – but not the image itself. By reducing the complexity you create a universe of thought unavailable in behemoths like Word and even Google Docs.
“First Draft is a place to start. It is not a replacement to a text-editor or word processor. In fact, it's probably the world's worst text-editor. That's because it's only for writing,” said Smith. “It helps you to not sweat the small stuff, by not letting you easily ‘fix' small mistakes. Again, it's not a replacement to text-editors — after your first draft is finished, we've made it easy to (and are creating dedicated processes for) exporting to the many awesome text-editing software and publishing platforms that exist out there that everyone is familiar (Ulysses, Medium, etc.).”
Smith says the app helps you “stop deleting and start writing.”
The team is working on improving the app by adding new features and improved export systems. Because it is a place for first thought, best though, I suspect the average wordmonger can use the app to write a roll-like manuscript for the next great American road novel in the next few years. If not that then a nice Medium post.
Americans discovered last spring that the Justice Department had wiretapped the office and home phones of Associated Press writers and editors during a national security investigation. The same department later named a journalist in court papers as a co-conspirator to a crime, essentially for just doing his job. More recently, the AP has accused the administration of using Freedom of Information Act requests as a way for President Obama's political appointees to keep tabs on what journalists are investigating.
This week, the White House has committed another, though less serious, outrage. The Washington Post's Paul Farhi revealed that Obama's staff has been effectively censoring pool reports written by members of the press.
The press pool is a cooperative arrangement through which journalists covering the White House share information about mostly routine and mundane events on the president's schedule. A journalist assigned to write the pool report shares basic facts and quotes with his or her colleagues in standard reports that go out to everyone. This helps reporters keep tabs on what the president does without forcing all of them to gather mundane information separately about the same staged events — such as his 200th round of golf.
The White House benefits because it means there isn't always a mob of reporters crowding Air Force One. Press secretaries aren't forced to answer the same questions repeatedly, such as, for example, who was Obama's playing partner this weekend and what was the commander in chief's score?
Oddly, it is the White House press office that distributes the pool reports to journalists. This may not be a good idea because, Farhi reports, Obama's minions have been unusually aggressive in trying to control the contents of those reports.
At one event in 2011, the Post's David Nakamura was following Obama and writing the pool report during a presidential trip to Asia. Nakamura, reporting that the White House was limiting access to Obama's photo-ops, then added "a comment juxtaposing a speech Obama had given two days earlier lauding freedom of the press." Josh Earnest, who was then deputy press secretary, demanded that Nakamura remove the ironic comment before he would send it out to other reporters.
The White House suppressed the report of another pooler, McClatchy's Anita Kumar, who had written last year on Obama's taped appearance on The Tonight Show. Obama's staff made her pare it down on the grounds that the White House (but not apparently Kumar) had agreed not to release many details about what happened on the show before it aired. This summer, Earnest backed down in another pool report dispute after trying to remove the fact that a White House intern had fainted at an event.
In each of these cases, the pool contents at issue are trivial. But attempted White House tampering with the reports is not trivial. There is no excuse, let alone justification, for this kind of interference with journalists' work, especially not from a White House with a reputation for treating the press shabbily.
INDIANAPOLIS — Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana suggested in a radio interview on Monday that Donald J. Trump's proposed ban on Muslims from entering the country could be broadened to include other religions, not just Muslims.
In an interview with Charlie Sykes, a Wisconsin talk radio host, Mr. Sykes specifically pressed Mr. Pence on his running mate's Muslim ban, asking: “So there's no longer a proposed temporary ban on Muslims? It would be anyone from those countries, including Christians? Jews?”
Mr. Pence, seeming to go beyond even the policy proposed by Mr. Trump, did not rule out barring immigrants from other religions, if they were coming from nations or territories that support terrorism.
“I think what you heard in the convention speech from Donald Trump, what we've talked about out on the stump, is that we would temporarily suspend from countries, or territories if you will — the caliphate of ISIS obviously expands beyond one country,” he said. “But to say that individuals that come from regions or countries that have been compromised by terrorism would, that we would suspend that immigration, I think that's appropriate until we develop a new vetting system.”
Exxon Mobil and FuelCell Energy said Thursday they will build a carbon capture pilot project at an Alabama power plant with the potential to finally make affordable “clean” coal and gas a reality.
After Exxon and Connecticut-based FuelCell announced a partnership in May, they have now chosen Southern Company's Barry power plant near Mobile, Alabama for its first pilot project. The 2.7 gigawatt plant generates power from both coal and natural gas, so the pilot project allows them to test the new technology on both fossil fuel sources.
The idea is to capture up to 90 percent of the carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuel power plants, so coal and natural gas could remain viable in both the developing and developed world while still meeting climate change goals, said FuelCell President and Chief Executive Chip Bottone in a phone interview.
“We're trying to solve a very, very large problem with huge implications,” Bottone said.
While other carbon capture technologies exist, Exxon and FuelCell are touting this project as having the potential to reduce emissions substantially in an affordable way. The U.S. Energy Department also is a partner in the 2.4 megawatt pilot project.
The technology uses carbonate fuel cells to take methane and carbon dioxide and turn them into electricity and concentrated carbon dioxide, the latter of which can be sequestered into the earth.
The fuel cell technology is cheaper and generates additional electricity, as opposed to existing carbon capture technologies that consume power and are too cost prohibitive, said Vijay Swarup, Exxon vice president for research and development.
“You're attaching a power plant on the back of a power plant,” Swarup said. “What makes this fuel cell unique is it can accept CO2 as a feedstock.”
This compares to other high-profile carbon capture projects such as Southern Company's nearly completed Kemper project in Mississippi, which now costs almost $7 billion. The Kemper project is $4 billion over budget and more than two years behind schedule. It's supposed to capture at least 65 percent of the coal plant's carbon emissions.
“The (carbon capture) landscape has some lackluster results so far,” Bottone said.
Of course, the Exxon and FuelCell partnership has a long ways to go with no set timeline in place. They decided to take the unique approach of launching the pilot project while the research and development still has a ways to go. The hope is the “parallel approach” will expedite the process.
“We're going to learn things that we don't even know we should be asking right now,” Swarup said.
Before teaming up with Exxon, FuelCell said it intended to move forward with $24 million in pilot projects. Bottone said more money is on the table now, but he wouldn't give any new cost projections.
"You need to have a veto in your relationship if you want your primary relationships to stay healthy."
"Veto doesn't necessarily keep relationships healthy. In fact, using a veto on someone your partner loves can break your partner's heart, and if you break your partner's hert then you are going to damage your relationship."
"But a veto just means you can discuss your concerns with your partner! It means you can talk about problems you see in their other relationships! You favor open communication in your relationships, right?"
"Yes."
"So you agree, all poly relationships need veto."
years
entertainment of the guests
No one shall be arrested or imprisoned on the appeal of a woman for the death of any person except her husband.
25 1 25 Sign in to rate
Great Works of Art
43.77MB. 0 audio & 651 images. Updated 2017-01-04.
This item is large, and may take some time to download.
Description
This is a deck on major art movements, masterpieces, and their artists. It mainly includes paintings, but also comes with some sculptures here and there. The cards are divided into three subdecks: Artists, Periods, and Titles. Explore some of the most important works of art throughout history! Original author: unknown Modified and reuploaded by Glutanimate , 2017
Sample (from 651 notes)
Cards are customizable! When this deck is imported into the desktop program, cards will appear as the deck author has made them. If you'd like to customize what appears on the front and back of a card, you can do so by clicking the Edit button, and then clicking the Cards button.
Artwork Artist Pierre Puget Title Milon of Croton Subtitle/Alternate Titles Date 1670-1683 Period/Movement Baroque Medium marble Nationality Note Tags Sculpture
Artwork Artist Gerard van Honthorst Title The Concert. Subtitle/Alternate Titles Date 1623 Period/Movement Caravaggisti, Baroque Medium Nationality Note Tags
Artwork Artist René Magritte Title The Treachery of Images Subtitle/Alternate Titles Date 1929 Period/Movement Surrealism Medium Nationality Note The text in the painting says “this is not a pipe”. Magritte was trying to make the point that the painting was not an actual pipe, only a representation of one. Tags
After the file is downloaded, double-click on it to open it in the desktop program.
At this time, it is not possible to add shared decks directly to your AnkiWeb account - they need to be added from the desktop then synchronized to AnkiWeb.
Reviews
A good recopilation!
awesome
I really like these cards. I always had a desire to know the well known art pieces. Thank you for sharing!
Fantastic idea for a deck.
Overall I like this deck, but I came here to note a piece of bad data: The painting labeled "Bathsheba at her bath" by Rembrandt is wrong. Rembrandt did do a painting by that name (and some variations with similar names), but the image attached to that card is Artemisia Gentileschi's version.
Very good deck, although there are some typos
Super !
Well done
Well organized, comprehensive for beginners
Superb collection of artworks through all history!
I have really improved my culture by using this deck. It is really awesome. Now I recognize styles and authors at the first glance.
Great collection! Very helpful
- Contains a number of duplicates
- Inconsistent artist names
- Answer cards often contain too much information
- Splitting this into 3 decks seems odd
thanks!!!
because it is the first one.
Nice
very good!
17th episode of the fourth season of Futurama
"Spanish Fry" is the 17th episode in the fourth season of the American animated television series Futurama. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on July 13, 2003. Set in a retro-futuristic 31st century, the series follows the adventures of the employees of Planet Express, an interplanetary delivery company. In this episode, Fry's nose has mysteriously disappeared so he seeks to get it back. David X. Cohen admitted that this episode is one of the most "filthy" in the series' history.
Plot [ edit ]
While camping in the woods on a company outing, Fry is abducted by aliens as he searches for Bigfoot. He wakes up the next morning to find that his nose has been stolen from his face. Fry learns that human noses are regarded by aliens as an aphrodisiac called "Human Horn". Bender, Leela, and Fry discover that Fry's nose has been sold by a "porno dealing monster" to Lrrr, ruler of the planet Omicron Persei 8.
The three travel to Omicron Persei 8, where they learn Lrrr and his wife, Ndnd, are having marital troubles, explaining Lrrr's purchase. After retrieving Fry's nose, Leela reattaches it by laser. However, once Bender has finished explaining some details of human anatomy to Lrrr, Lrrr orders that Fry's "lower horn" now be removed for consumption. Leela stalls the Omicronian by suggesting that he and Ndnd share a romantic dinner in the woods and work on their relationship. The dinner nearly fails; as Fry is about to get his lower horn removed, Bigfoot shows himself.
Ranger Park, the park ranger, also arrives, pleased to have finally gotten a look at Bigfoot. The ranger tries to amputate one of Bigfoot's feet as a trophy, but Lrrr prevents him. Lrrr then delivers a moving speech: Fry's wing-dang-doodle, like Bigfoot, is one of God's most beautiful creatures. Ndnd then realizes that her husband is still the sensitive Omicronian she fell for. The crew quickly retreats as the now-happy couple passionately make love.
Behind the credits, an episode of The Scary Door is shown.
Production [ edit ]
Writer and producer David X. Cohen admits that this is one of the series' "filthiest" episodes. As with most episodes, the space scenes were done in 3D. Among the non-space scenes done in 3D was the roasting car at the alien market.[1]
Originally, Fry was meant to look into Bender's "shiny metal ass" for his reflection but it was decided that the episode was dirty enough already and it was too awkward.[2]
A scene depicting a holographic Fry with various noses was cut after being fully animated.[1] Matt Groening said that they deleted it because it "wasn't that funny".[3]
When watching the surveillance tape, Leela identifies Lrrr because the writers were not sure that the audience would recognize and clearly identify Lrrr.[4]
Writer Ron Weiner admitted that Bender's offscreen quips were added because they felt a bit guilty about all the silly jokes. Weiner also admits that the scene with Bender dancing was something he attempts to work into every episode he writes.[4]
The Scary Door sequence at the end had been cut out of the season three episode "The Birdbot of Ice-Catraz". Cohen had wanted it to not go to waste so the sequence was shortened slightly so it could be fit in during the credits of an episode.[1]
Cultural references [ edit ]
Fry's line, "My nose, light of my face", is a reference to the opening line of Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov. [4]
by Vladimir Nabokov. The lengthy tube that Fry was abducted in is a reference to a Windows screensaver with winding pipes. [2]
Lrrr's line, "One of these days, Ndnd – bang, zoom, straight to the third moon of Omicron Persei 8!", is a reference to The Honeymooners.[2]
Broadcast and reception [ edit ]
In its initial airing, the episode received a Nielsen rating of 2.3/5, placing it 86th among primetime shows for the week of July 7–13, 2003.[5]
DART hopes federal funds will pay for about half of the evolving price tag for the subway, about $650 million. The rest would come from sales taxes.
All four DART train lines — Orange, Green, Blue and Red — now run on the same track through downtown. DART wants to reroute the Orange and Green lines on the subway to increase capacity.
Having only one line limits how often trains can run across the entire network. And whenever there's a problem downtown, like a car wreck blocking the track, a shooting, electrical outage or nearby fire, delays can affect passengers all over the system.
The Dallas council must sign off on the path of any light-rail route.
“It is an improvement just to get trains through downtown without having the congestion we have,” said council member Lee Kleinman, chairman of the transportation committee.
DART has long hoped to build a second downtown route. The council supports the project, but it has been slowed by the last economic downturn and because earlier routes have been rejected.
Some of the earlier routes would have run through historical sites such as Dealey Plaza, would have caused enormous construction headaches in the core of downtown, or were discarded because soil testing showed that building a subway in some areas would be prohibitively expensive.
So last year, the Dallas City Council asked DART to bury the line.
“The main thing to try to narrow down is alignments that provide the least amount of disruption for the property owners in the core of downtown,” said Kleinman.
DART went back to the drawing board and now has three potential routes. The agency hopes the project can be on track to be completed before 2024.
Most of Syria's chemical weapons are likely to be taken abroad for disposal, a Russian first deputy foreign minister said Friday.
MOSCOW, November 1 (RIA Novosti) – Most of Syria's chemical weapons are likely to be taken abroad for disposal, a Russian first deputy foreign minister said Friday.
“There are many arguments in favor of taking the vast majority of the poisonous substances outside of the country's borders,” Sergei Ryabkov said after talks with Dutch diplomat Sigrid Kaag, who heads an international mission to eradicate Syria's chemical arsenal.
The Russian official said the talks focused on “technological and legal aspects” of the ongoing effort to dismantle Syria's chemical weapons.
When asked to comment on Russian media reports about the possible disposal of the weapons in Albania, Kaag replied that aspects of the dismantlement program were still under discussion.
“At the moment, representatives of Russia, the United States and the Syrian leadership are engaged in negotiations that are to produce a detailed plan of the process to eliminate chemical weapons in Syria,” she said.
© Sputnik / Elimination of Chemical Weapons in the World
The Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement later in the day that the elimination of Syrian chemical weapons had entered its second, “key” stage.
“During [the second phase] we will have to gather main stockpiles of precursor chemicals in a coastal region of Syria and take them for subsequent elimination in a third country that would agree to dispose of them under the control of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and the Syrian authorities,” the statement reads.
by John Hasnas
[Excerpts from Roderick Long and Tibor Machan (eds.), ANARCHISM/MINARCHISM (Aldershot: Ashgate Publishing, 2008); ISBN 0 7564 6066. Found at http://faculty.msb.edu/hasnasj/GTWebsite/AnarchyDraft.pdf. Permission granted by Lilly Chesterman of Ashgate Publishing in email dated September 12, 2007. For other penetrating articles by John Hasnas see the Short Bibliography below.]
LOOK AROUND!
by Carl Watner
Lector, si documentum requiris, circumspice
Sir Christopher Wren, the famous English architect, died in 1723, and was buried in St. Paul's Cathedral in London, a building which he had designed. His son, Christopher Jr., memorialized his father by placing on a wall near his father's tomb, “one of the most famous of all monumental inscriptions:Lector, si monumentum requiris, circumspice (‘Reader, if you seek a monument, look around').”
John Hasnas has done the same thing. He writes that “A wise man once told me that the best way to prove something is possible is to show that it exists.” Well? If proof (documentum) is required, LOOK AROUND! There are countless examples of voluntaryism in everyday life and in American history. We know that “a stable, successful society without government can exist” because it “has, and to a large extent, still does” exist. This, in fact, is one of the ongoing purposes of The Voluntaryist and my anthology, I MUST SPEAK OUT: to document the historical instances of non-political cooperation among human beings.
The State cannot be everywhere, nor can it be all things to all people, and as John Hasnas points out there had to be a peaceful community before there was a State. As I have written before, every service provided by the State and paid for by compulsory taxation (with one major exception – world war) has been provided at one time or another in history by people. Private schools, private coins, private libraries, private charitable aid,private roads, private post offices, private arbitration and mediation, private courts, time zones, weight and measure standards, our English language – all these are examples of voluntaryism, not statism.
In an article footnoted in “The Obviousness of Anarchy,” Professor Hasnas writes that “Anglo-Saxon and early Norman England … offers a wonderful test case of how human beings behave in the absence of central political authority.” [pp. 127-128] The result was the English system of common law, on which most of English and American jurisprudence depends. The evolution of the common law demonstrates human beings need rules and regulations to govern their interactions; but it also proves that centralized government authority is not a prerequisite to their existence. Most of the formal and informal institutional arrangements of human society reached their zenith before the advent of modern nation-State.
This brilliant and magnificent essay directs our attention to what should be an obvious fact. Readers: LOOK AROUND! The evidence to prove that anarchism is a viable, sustainable way of life exists, if we can only recognize it.
The Obviousness of Anarchy
I am presenting an argument for anarchy in the true sense of the term – that is, a society without government, not a society without governance. There is no such thing as a society without governance. A society with no mechanism for bringing order to human existence is oxymoronic; it is not “society” at all.
I am arguing only that human beings can live together successfully and prosper in the absence of a centralized coercive authority.
There are, of course, certain rules that must apply to all people; those that provide the basic conditions that make cooperative behavior possible. Thus, rules prohibiting murder, assault, theft, and other forms of coercion must be equally binding on all members of a society. But we hardly need government to ensure that this is the case. These rules evolve first in any community; you would not even have a community if this were not the case.
Societies do not spring into existence complete with government police forces. Once a group of people has figured out how to reduce the level of interpersonal violence sufficiently to allow them to live together, entities that are recognizable as government often develop and take over the policing function. Even a marauding band that imposes government on others through conquest must have first reduced internal strife sufficiently to allow it to organize itself for effective military operations. Both historically and logically, it is always peaceful coexistence first, government services second. If civil society is impossible without government police, then there are no civil societies.
When government begins providing services formerly provided non-politically, people soon forget that the services were ever provided non-politically and assume that only government can provide them. … Traditionally, police services were not provided by government and, to a large extent, they still are not. Therefore, government is not necessary to provide police services.
If a visitor from Mars were asked to identify the least effective method for securing individuals' persons and property, he might well respond that it would be to select one group of people, give them guns, require all members of soceity to pay them regardless of the quality of service they render, and invest them with discretion to employ resources and determine law enforcement priorities however they see fit subject only to the whim of their political paymasters. If asked why he thought that, he might simply point to the Los Angeles or New Orleans or any other big city police department. Are government police really necessary for a peaceful, secure society? Look around. Could a non-political, non-monopolistic system of supplying police services really do worse than its government-supplied counterpart?
Do you ever wonder why people believed in the divine right of kings? They believed in it because they were taught to believe in it and because they could imagine it was so, regardless of all evidence to the contrary. We no longer believe in such silly things as the divine right of kings. We believe that government is necessary for an orderly peaceful society and that it can be made to function according to the rule of law. We believe this because we have been taught to believe it from infancy and because we can imagine that it is so, regardless of all contrary evidence.
One should never underestimate the power of abstract concepts to shape how human beings see the world. Once one accepts the idea that government is necessary for peace and order and that it can function objectively, one's imagination will allow one to see the hand of government wherever there is law, police, and courts and render the non-political provision of these services invisible. But if you lay aside this conceptual framework long enough to ask where these services originated and where, to a large extent, they still come from, the world assumes a different aspect. If you want the strongest argument for anarchy, simply remove your self-imposed blinders and look around.
Short Bibliography
“Toward a Theory of Empirical Natural Rights,” 22 SOCIAL PHILOSOPHY AND POLICY (2005), pp. 111-147.
“The Myth of the Rule of Law,” 1995 WISCONSIN LAW REVIEW (1995), pp. 199-233. Reprinted in THE VOLUNTARYIST, Whole Number 97 (April 1999), and Whole Number 98 (June 1999).
“The Loneliness of the Long-Time Libertarian,” http:lewrockwell.com/orig4/hasnas1 .html. John relates the story of how he became a libertarian at age ten. This article may also be accessed through “Links” at John Hasnas's Home Page.
President Trump Stands By Original Charlottesville Remarks
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images
Updated at 9:23 p.m. ET
A day after meeting with Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., to discuss improving race relations, policy issues of specific concern to communities of color and Scott's pointed criticism of President Trump after his comments in response to the violence in Charlottesville, Va., Trump is standing by those remarks.
Trump's assertion post-Charlottesville that there was "blame on both sides" was roundly criticized for giving comfort to white supremacists and the KKK — including by Scott, the only black Republican currently serving in the Senate.
Trump, traveling on Air Force One Thursday, was asked about his meeting with Scott and quickly returned to his criticism of protesters who took to the streets to counter KKK and white supremacist marchers in Charlottesville in August.
"We had a great talk yesterday," Trump said of his meeting with Scott. "I think especially in light of the advent of antifa, if you look at what's going on there, you know, you have some pretty bad dudes on the other side also. And essentially that's what I said."
Antifa is an anti-fascist protest movement that sometimes uses violent tactics to resist neo-Nazis and white supremacists and has gotten a lot of attention, especially from conservative media, following the violence in Charlottesville.
In comments to reporters, Trump implied that he had been right all along.
"Now because of what's happened since then, with antifa, you look at, you know, really what's happened since Charlottesville — a lot of people are saying — in fact, a lot of people have actually written, 'Gee, Trump might have a point,' " the president said. "I said, 'You got some very bad people on the other side also,' which is true."
In response to Trump's new remarks, Scott's office put out a statement that said in part: "Rome wasn't built in a day and to expect the President's rhetoric to change based on one 30-minute conversation is unrealistic. Antifa is bad and should be condemned, yes, but white supremacists have been killing and tormenting black Americans for centuries. There is no realistic comparison. Period."
Or, in other words, Scott isn't one of the people saying, "Gee, Trump might have a point."
Scott's office says in the meeting with the president on Wednesday, the senator was "very very clear about the brutal history surrounding the white supremacist movement and their horrific treatment of black and other minority groups."
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters after the meeting Wednesday that the two men had discussed Trump's initial response to Charlottesville "pretty in depth."
And speaking to CBS News Wednesday after meeting with Trump, Scott had said Trump "obviously reflected on what he has said [about Charlottesville], on his intentions and the perception of those comments." Scott added, "I'll let him discuss how he feels about it, but he was certainly very clear that the perception that he received on his comments was not exactly what he intended with those comments."
The Anti-Defamation League's CEO, Jonathan Greenblatt, said in a statement Thursday that "It is sad that the President seems not to have learned from his conversation with Senator Scott or from the unanimous vote from Congress condemning the neo-Nazis and white supremacists in Charlottesville." Greenblatt added, "If he is not going to provide the moral leadership the country needs on this issue, we are glad that leaders from both parties are stepping up and doing so."
Later Thursday the White House announced that the president had signed S.J. Res. 49, the resolution passed this week by Congress that condemns white nationalists, neo-Nazis, the KKK and other hate groups. The resolution also urges the president and his administration to speak out against hate groups that espouse racism, extremism, xenophobia, anti-Semitism and white supremacy and to devote resources to combating hate groups in the U.S.
"Today, I am pleased to sign S.J. Res. 49. As Americans, we condemn the recent violence in Charlottesville and oppose hatred, bigotry, and racism in all forms," Trump said in a statement. "No matter the color of our skin or our ethnic heritage, we all live under the same laws, we all salute the same great flag, and we are all made by the same almighty God. We are a Nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal. As one people, let us move forward to rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans."
Exactly one year ago today, the First Marine Expeditionary Force in Iraq signed off on an "urgent operational need" for an airborne tactical laser that could, in the words of the formal request, create "instantaneous burst-combustion of insurgent clothing, a rapid death through violent trauma, and more probably a morbid combination of both."
Although the request is based on the technology of the Advanced Tactical Laser, a chemical laser integrated on an AC-130 gunship, the request suggests that a laser weapon could eventually be put on other aircraft, such as drones or, as the picture shows, the V-22 Osprey tiltrotor craft. (Photoshop can quickly solve all engineering challenges.)
According to the Marines' laser request, obtained by DANGER ROOM, this so-called Precision Airborne Standoff Directed Energy Weapon (PASDEW) wouldn't just be an improved killed machine. It would also have particularly devastating psychological effects. Such weapons, when used against people, "can be compared to long range blow torches or precision flame throwers, with corresponding psychological advantages for [Coalition Forces] CF."
In other words, the lasers don't just kill people, but they kill people in really gruesome, frightening ways – particularly because the beam from such weapons, like the Advanced Tactical Laser, is invisible to the human eye. That means you could have three guys standing around, and one of them suddenly burst into flames.
For context, this is one of a multitude of requests for high-tech
(and sometimes sci-fi tech) that came out of 1 MEF. Other requests included exoskeletons, self-aware robots, and, of course, the now popular Mine Resistant Ambush Protected Vehicles.
Perhaps not surprisingly, the Marines don't yet have this incredible capability.
If the Marines could have such a weapon, however, what would be the big deal? In other words, why not just use an old-fashioned gunship to take them out? Well, for one, lasers are more precise. And as this request notes, the sort of sudden, nasty death that a laser would cause has certain advantages for the U.S. military:
A precision engagement of a PID insurgent by a DEW will be a highly surgical and impressively violent event. Target effects will include instantaneous burst-combustion of insurgent clothing, a rapid death through violent trauma, and more probably a morbid combination of both. It is estimated that the aftermath of a sub-second engagement by PASDEW will also be an observable event leaving an impression of of terrifyingly precise CF attribution in the minds of all witnesses. The PASDEW capability will give CF an asymmetric psychological edge over the insurgency. It is a lethal capability they cannot readily counter and will not fully comprehend, particularly as the DEW is invisible to the unaided eye and the aircraft can engage from significant stand off. For all witnesses, it will be perceived that overt insurgency participation in the MNF-W AOR is less attractive due to the terrifying potential consequences.
Sounds nasty, right? But, I doubt there's going to be videos of laser-induced exploding insurgents anytime soon. The Advanced Tactical laser, on which this request is based, hadn't even reached battlefield-strength threshold of 100 kilowatts as of this summer (the exact number is considered classified). As one senior Air Force official told me earlier this year: "The laser's not powerful enough to do very much. It's not powerful enough to deliver the effects you need."
Right now, the service regards it as a testbed. A good testbed, but still just a testbed.
When I interviewed a Boeing official earlier this year, I was told that the company wasn't going to have the actual chemical laser integrated on the plane till the end of the year (they had been using a low-power proxy laser during beam control tests). Moreover, Boeing at the time noted that the military was concerned about forward basing a chemical laser. In other words, sending the laser to Iraq integrated on a C-130 (let alone the V-22 pictured above) is not likely to happen anytime soon.
In the annals of great journalistic questions, CBS correspondent Margaret Brennan's query about what Syrian President Bashar al-Assad could do to avert a U.S. military strike did not seem promising.
[np_storybar title=”Jonathan Kay: Obama should grab this face-saving chance to step back from bombing Syria” link=”http://fullcomment.nationalpost.com/2013/09/10/jonathan-kay-obama-has-a-face-saving-chance-to-step-back-from-bombing-syria-he-should-grab-it/”%5D
Who would have thunk it? The issue of Syria — yes, Syria — suddenly has unified America, Russia and even Syria itself around a common project: giving U.S. President Barack Obama a face-saving pretext to back away from his misguided, unpopular and potentially disastrous plan to bomb Bashar al-Assad's regime.
Obama dug his hole a year ago, when he declared that Syrian chemical-weapon usage was a “red line” issue. Once evidence emerged suggesting that Assad's regime had gassed its own citizens, including a large-scale attack in the Damascus suburbs on August 21, Obama had no choice but to start beating the war drums. Thanks to Obama's reckless words, American “credibility” suddenly was on the line — despite the fact that only a small fraction of Syria's war dead have been felled by chemical weapons, and the fact that most Americans (rightly) don't particularly support either side in Syria's civil war.
Continue reading…
[/np_storybar]
But the response from U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry at a press conference in London this week seems to have pulled the world back from the brink of war.
“Sure, he could turn over every single bit of his chemical weapons to the international community in the next week, turn it over, all of it, without delay, and allow a full and total accounting,” Mr. Kerry said, before adding this was “obviously” impossible.
Hypothetical, rhetorical, and punctuated with dismissive hand gestures, Mr. Kerry's “obviously” impossible proposal was swiftly endorsed by Russia, the United States, even Syria.
The incident highlights the risky, but wondrous role serendipity sometimes plays in global affairs, a realm typically associated with vague, cautious and — most importantly — scripted language.
“John Kerry seems to have been born under a lucky star. If Dan Quayle or Joe Biden did that, they would just be laughing stocks,” said Gil Troy, a professor of history at McGill University. “He stumbled onto a gold mine because it actually gave Obama the way out.”
Mr. Kerry is not the first to stumble into success in the diplomatic arena, or to see his off-the-cuff ideas turn into policy.
Brian Bow, professor of political science at Dalhousie University in Halifax, said something similar seems to have happened with U.S. President Barack Obama's view the use of chemical weapons represents a “red line,” a term he first used casually and rhetorically, and only later hardened into a casus belli.
Loose lips might sink ships, but they can also break through tense standoffs. At a summit on the French Riviera in 2008, then-French president Nicolas Sarkozy proposed an off-the-cuff solution to a U.S.-Russian missile defence dispute, which eventually worked.
In 2005, not long after the end of the Second Intifada and the death of Yasser Arafat, Israeli and Palestinian officials conducted their highest-level negotiations in months, unplanned and informal, on the sidelines of a United Nations technology summit in Tunisia.
Famed newsman Walter Cronkite asked Egyptian president Anwar Sadat if he was willing to visit Israel and, to the world's surprise, got a positive answer. And the “ping pong diplomacy” of 1971, in which China invited the U.S. table tennis team to visit, is said to have led to more cordial relations and eventually the Mao-Nixon summit in 1972.
There is also a tendency among diplomats to make private agreements to pretend the other side is telling the truth, for example in trade negotiations, Prof. Bow said.
Each side agrees to a public stance with a pre-determined resolution, so each can go home and plausibly describe the result as a tough but fair compromise.
It is even possible, but unlikely, Mr. Kerry knew what he was doing, having secretly planned it with Russia.
“There's no such thing as fully accidental diplomacy,” said Prof. Bow. In the Cold War, U.S. diplomats used to preface their remarks with qualifiers such as “If only the Soviets did this …” knowing full wellthey never would, and if they did, the Americans would have to back off from their pledge.
“It's a false promise, essentially,” he said. “You're promising to reward a certain kind of behaviour because you know there's no chance the person is going to do it.” One theory about Mr. Kerry's comment, he adds, “is that he hadn't thought it through because he didn't think this was necessary … there was no way Assad was going to go along with it.”
Prof. Troy called Mr. Kerry's answer a dangerous form of “verbal diarrhea diplomacy” more suited to the 21st century's 24/7 news coverage, unlike the archetypal 20th-century diplomat “who's more cautious with his words.”
He also laughed at the “absurdity” of Russian President Vladimir Putin being hailed as a peacemaker for promoting the Kerry plan, a view most prominently articulated by Kathleen Troia McFarland, a former Pentagon advisor to three Republican presidents, who told Fox News it was “one of the most deft diplomatic manoeuvres of all time.”
“In 24 hours an off-hand phrase was picked up by Putin, became a Kerry proposal and ultimately the Obama peace plan, proving once again the Washington dictum that ‘success has many fathers,'” she said.
‘There's no such thing as fully accidental diplomacy'
Andrew Cooper, professor of political science at the University of Waterloo, said the U.S. finds itself in a curious and new diplomatic situation. Where once it stood unchallenged as a superpower, it now has to compete with other countries for ideas and media space.
Floating a trial balloon in front of news cameras — a risky move associated with less-confident middle powers — now makes more sense for America.
He does not believe the proposal was entirely accidental. It's more likely Mr. Kerry gave impromptu voice to an idea that had been batted around political backrooms of Washington, London, Paris and Moscow.
“I think they must have talked about something fairly serious in St. Petersburg [during the recent Group of 20 summit],” Prof. Cooper said.
National Post
jbrean@nationalpost.com
Photo by Chuck Grant
Origins is a recurring new music feature in which an artist charts the influence of their latest hit single.
BØRNS is back after 2015's popular Dopamine with “Faded Heart”, a new track released through Interscope Records. The song marks the first single to drop off his forthcoming sophomore album due January 2018. While we're still a few months away, 2017 is shaping up to be even more of a breakthrough for the platinum selling indie pop artist aka Garrett Borns, who hails from coastal Michigan. After selling out his headlining theater tour in 2016 and performing at numerous festivals including Lollapalooza, Coachella, Hangout, Sasquatch, and Bonnaroo, BØRNS has taken his talents to the catwalks of New York and Milan's fashion week.
The massive run of big-name shows might make it seem easy to latch onto Borns' massive pop hooks, but he's so much more than that. “Faded Heart” proves that this artist has a soaring talent for mixing love, poetry, and melody. The song fits comfortably in BØRNS wheelhouse: It's a vivid poppy tale, an entrancing balance of the glitz and glam of LA (where he wrote his debut album), the restorative mantra of a ‘60s classic coo (“So call me your Romeo”), and the cheeky sass of The Stooges who also always wanted to be your dog (“You got me howling like a dog in the heat”).
The track benefits further from the mix by Tony Maserati — whose previous work with the likes of Lady Gaga, Beyonce, James Brown, and more — capturing just the right sense of glitzy wonder. That said, all the shine still doesn't make him sound like an insider and rightfully so; if you're going to write a pop song about your “Heart in the trenches/ Head in the heavens,” fitting somewhere between Perfume Genius and Queen, the music and spirit should back it up just like this.
Take a listen below.
Update – August 16th: BØRNS has shared a video for “Faded Heart”, which you can see below.
Below, BØRNS shares the three songs that influenced him when he wrote “Faded Heart”.
“A Teenager In Love” by Dion And The Belmonts
“Why must I be a teenager in love?” is kind of like asking, “Why does the '50s chord progression work every damn time?” The answer being: “That's just the way it is.” So I gave it a shot.
“Search and Destroy” by The Stooges
It's important to consume a healthy amount of dirt and electric fuzz daily. This song is a solid dose that inspired the guitar tones of Tommy English on “Faded Heart”.
“Girl in the Thunderbolt Suit” by T. Rex
Well if the title “Girl in the Thunderbolt Suit” doesn't shoot down your spine like it does mine, then the “doo-doops” will definitely slap you silly. This song inspired me to pass along the love taps.
BØRNS will perform “Faded Heart” on the Late Late Show with James Corden on Monday, August 7th at 12:37 AM ET/11:37 PM CT.
BØRNS 2017 Tour Dates:
10/15 – Chicago, IL @ Subterranean
10/17 – Toronto, ON @ Horseshoe
10/20 – New York, NY @ Baby's All Right
10/21 – Brooklyn, NY @ Rough Trade
10/27 – Los Angeles, CA @ The Viaduct at LA Historic Park
10/28 – Los Angeles, CA @ Moroccan Room
11/03 – San Francisco, CA @ Rickshaw Stop
11/15 – London, UK @ Olso Hackney
11/16 – Amsterdam, NL @ Q Factory
11/18 – Copenhagen, DK @ Ideal Bar
11/19 – Stockholm, SE @ Debasser Strand
11/21 – Berlin, DE @ Prince Charles
11/23 – Brussels, BE @ Botanique
11/24 – Paris, FR @ Le Pop Up du Label
tech2 News Staff
A Reliance Lyf 1 smartphone user on Sunday, posted an image of a burnt Lyf 1 handset. According to a tweet sent by the user, Tanvir Sadiq, his Lyf 1 handset first exploded and then burst into flames. The photographs accompanying the tweet shows a burnt handset with Lyf branding on the rear side.
https://twitter.com/tanvirsadiq/status/795219804407754752
Reliance Lyf team members have reached out to Sadiq. According to email interaction with The Economic Times, a Lyf spokesperson has stated that each phone goes through stringent quality control process. "We are concerned about the incident reported in social media and are taking the matter seriously. We are assessing the cause and will conduct a thorough investigation in the matter. Customer safety is paramount to us and, based on our findings, we will take appropriate action," said the spokesperson.
According to PhoneRadar, the user was browsing Facebook on the phone when it exploded in his hand.
The Lyf Water 1 smartphone was launched earlier this year at Rs 14,699. The phone sports a 5-inch FullHD display and houses an octa-core processor clocked at 1.5GHz. It comes with 2GB RAM and 16GB internal storage which can be expanded to 32GB using a microSD card. It runs Android 5.1. It has a 13MP rear and 5MP front-facing camera. There is a 2600mAh battery powering the device.
It hasn't been long since we have heard of the whole Galaxy Note 7 burning fiasco, that led to the recall and eventual shutdown of the Note 7 product.
Disclaimer: Reliance Lyf smartphones are part of Reliance Industries, who also own Network18, the publisher of Firstpost and tech2.
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
SBU and SZRU Statement about plans of Russian secret services to destabilize situation in Ukraine
The Chief of the SBU National Statehood Protection Department Anatolii Dublyk read out the statement of the Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) and Foreign Intelligence Service of Ukraine (SZRU) concerning the plans of the Russian secret services to destabilize the situation in Ukraine.
The SBU and SZRU obtained intelligence data disclosing plans of the Russian Federation on organizing a large-scale unrest in Ukraine, the beginning of which was scheduled for November 15. A part of this information had already been made public by the Head of the SBU Vasyl Hrytsak.
This intelligence data in broad terms corresponds to the so-called Plan on top-priority measures on destabilization of social and political situation in Ukraine “Shatun” – information seized from the mailbox of the Advisor to the President of the Russian Federation Vladislav Surkov – and indicates of the beginning of its implementation.
Direct management of implementation of this plan is carried out by his first deputy Ardzinba, and the contact with political powers and NGO's in Ukraine is maintained by Armenian national Martirosian.
The secret service recorded trips to Russia made by certain organizers of the campaigns in Ukraine for receiving financing and instructions. At that, the enemy is counting on the efficiency of blind use of the activity of a number of social and political movements.
The aim of the plan is domestic destabilization, organization of pre-term elections in Ukraine, reinforcement of Russian-backed powers in new parliament with the perspective of revision of European course and change of foreign policy vector of the state.
The start of active phase is scheduled for November 15 – with All-Ukrainian protest of bank depositors. Starting from November 17 the accent of the protests is to be shifted to the issue of increased tariffs. The “protest” is planned to escalate into blocking of government bodies, extending of claims and demands to the authorities.
By the plan of the Russian handlers, the actions of protest are planned to be provided by alleged mass support. In particular, an active agitation in social media has already been started including calls for support to the “protesters”.
The data received by the SBU and the SZRU evidence that the Russian scenarists planned mass disturbances and even deaths of “a number of participants of the protests”.
The first control intermediate date is fixed for November 24, when the Ukraine-EU Summit dedicated to the finalization of the issue of giving Ukraine the non-visa regime will be held.
During the second half of November until the beginning of December sessions of a number of regional Councils are planned which under the mottos of decentralization will demand the practice of contract relations between “the Cabinet of Ministers and local councils”. It is known that a number of regional Councils have previously approved such decisions and the SBU knows what political force initiated their entering into the agenda.
It is planned to hold meetings (forums) of communities with a further summarizing All-Ukrainian forum of local councils. Direct demands of federalization are not foreseen, a strategy of “creeping erosion” of the central authorities is chosen instead.
Simultaneously with destabilization in Kyiv, the Kremlin plans escalations in the lines. An element of the plan is tension, maximum intensification of bombardments, provocation of local conflicts etc. This tendency is being clearly fixed on the line of contact. The aim is to corner Ukrainian government and perform the attack in-and-out.
The SBU continues to take measures to reveal and block Russian encroachments upon the Constitutional order of Ukraine.
We call for the citizens not to let Russian secret services use them in their attempts to destabilize the situation and destroy Ukraine. We call for all political powers that do not want to become the participants of a foreign game that is hostile to the national interests of Ukraine to be vigilant and careful.
SBU Press Center
The life of one little snail in the world might not amount to much for some people, but it means everything to him.
To most people, a little snail doesn't really amount to much. However, it means everything to him. Fortunately, there remain certain people who understand why his life is worth saving, regardless of how daunting such a task is.
And we're sure this patient feels the same way.
Vets from the HaClinica animal hospital in Tel Aviv, Israel recently gave up their services to the garden snail after she suffered an accident in a local woman's yard. Apparently, she stepped on him and utterly shattered his brittle shell.
Instead of leaving the snail to survive on his own, she rushed him to get the required help.
Fortunately, staff at HaCliica were sympathetic as well.
The vets documented how hey carefully reassemble the shell in various photos shared on the clinic's Facebook page.
The snail was also available throughout the procedure, patiently watching with nary a complaint about what they were doing (I mean, can you blame the guy?)
“To fix the shell, we needed patience, skill, and epoxy glue. We make sure the glue stays outside and doesn't penetrate the inner patch,” the hospital wrote, as translated by Israeli blog From The Grapevine.
After all was done, the time came for the snail to move back into his newly-renovated home.
The clinic's efforts finally paid off.
“The recovery process might take weeks, maybe even months. However, it seems he's already handling that part quite nicely,” wrote the hospital.
Arizona Republican Sens. John McCain and Jeff Flake are demanding Energy Department investigators brief them on the agency's investigation into “past reports of, and ongoing allegations of, waste, fraud and abuse” at a government-run utility.
The GOP senators sent a letter to DOE Tuesday asking the inspector general's office about their review of the use of government purchase cards at the Desert Southwest Region (DSW) of the Western Area Power Administration (WAPA) — a government utility operating across 15 western states.
“In November 2015, an internal WAPA audit into the use of Government Purchase Cards (GPCs) revealed ineffective annual management reviews; inadequate oversight and monitoring at various levels; and ineffective or non-existent internal control activities,” Flake and McCain wrote.
“According to that internal audit, electronics, gift cards, vehicles, and other items were routinely purchased for the personal use of an employee,” they wrote. “It is unclear what, if any, employees and managers were held responsible for these actions.”
McCain and Flake even argue potential fraud within WAPA could be making electricity more expensive for customers, including those in Arizona.
“Customer groups of WAPA have faced year after year increases in their power rates, and while WAPA has cooperated with our offices to this point on cost transparency, more work is needed,” they wrote.
The letter comes after DOE investigators released a report in March, criticizing WAPA for not doing enough to protect its electric grid from physical attacks.
The IG found WAPA “had not always established adequate physical security measures and practices for its critical assets, addressed physical security measures recommended in prior risk assessments, and conducted performance testing to ensure that security measures for physical assets were performing as designed.”
WAPA is one of four DOE-run electricity transmission providers and is responsible for more than 17,000 miles of transmission lines which provide power to 680 utility and power companies that operate 328 substations across the western U.S. — WAPA is one of the top 10 largest electrical transmission operators in the country.
In fact, WAPA has been hit by at least two attacks at the Liberty substation near Phoenix, Arizona. The Wall Street Journal recently reported that Liberty “is a critical link in the southwest power corridor, delivering electricity to heat homes in northwestern states during winter and cool buildings in the southwest during summer.”
In November 2013, attackers slashed fiber-optic serving Liberty and a larger substation near the Hoover Dam. Smith noted it “took workers about two hours to re-establish proper communications and normal controls,” according to WSJ.
Liberty substation was attacked again in 2014, and this time “two men with a satchel cut the gate lock and headed to the control building,” but “left after trying, unsuccessfully, to cut power to a security trailer outfitted with cameras and blinking lights.”
Cloud, who Gabriel mentioned in his email, said “16 of 18 security cameras had failed” at Liberty, according to WSJ. “Most were installed after the first break-in and hadn't been properly programmed,” Smith reported. “Investigators retrieved a single fuzzy video from a thermal-imaging camera.”
Follow Michael on Facebook and Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
This graph was meant to capture the number of fan fictions published on the site over time and to see how the spikes correspond to significant events in Harry Potter fandom history. This includes when each book was released, when each movie premiered, as well as small other tidbits- hover over the scars for information on these events.
Right away, you'll notice two large spikes. If you hover on the scars near those spikes, you'll see that they belong to the date the last book was released, as well as to the date the last movie was released. The other spikes typically correspond to other book/movie releases. But that's not always the case, and more than just fan fiction overall, I wanted to split this up by character to see when it was fans reacted to certain characters- when it was that they decided they cared for the characters so much that they would take their lives into their own hands.
The graph starts automatically filtered for Harry. In an ideal world, all of the characters would be in the drop down but it turned out the dataset was simply too large, causing lengthy load times, and so I chose certain characters I thought could be interesting. For instance, try going from Harry to Draco Malfoy. It's important to note that the Y-Axis scale changes automatically. You'll see that when moving to Malfoy, the spike near when Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince was published goes up, indicating a surge of interest in Malfoy after the 6th book was published. Also interestingly, if you then shift to Neville, you'll see that fan fiction written about our favorite snake killer was sparse compared to that written about Harry, until the 7th book, but more so, the 7th movie. What happened there? I'll just leave this article here.
While most characters' spiked after the 7th book and movie, Sirius is a notable exception, spiking after book/movie five due to that thing that happens to him. One more interesting observation can be found when filtering for Snape. The spikes are all pretty expected except for the last one in January of 2016, long after the books and movies ended. It turns out this spike belongs to the day Alan Rickman, the actor behind Snape, passed away. We begin to see now a blurred line between fiction and reality- it is understandable that Sirius fan fiction spiked after Sirius the character died in the books, but for Snape fan fiction to rise after the real life actor passed away is something different. Perhaps it shows the power Alan Rickman's acting, to thoroughly blur the lines between himself and the character he played- or maybe it shows the potential healing behind fan fiction- the ability to turn to a fandom that is also grieving and turn that grief into art.
NICOLA Sturgeon yesterday set the tone for the new parliament by slapping down Ruth Davidson for “over-reaching” and saying the SNP manifesto will be implemented in full.
The First Minister wasted no time putting the Tory leader in her place by saying the SNP had won a “very clear and unequivocal mandate” to deliver its policies, despite the party losing its overall majority at Holyrood.
Sturgeon delivered her defiant message as she gathered with SNP MSPs at the Kelpies near Falkirk ahead of the 63-strong group's first meeting.
After emphasising the breadth of the SNP's win - more than one million votes cast and every seat won in six of Scotland's seven cities - she said it was clear that people had endorsed the SNP's plans, and she did not need to build a consensus in parliament to deliver them.
She said her opponents were divided on many issues, adding that she would work to find common ground “not so much because I have to do it but because I want to do it”.
In a newspaper article yesterday, Davidson, the new opposition leader, said the SNP's minority government meant Sturgeon “cannot simply click her fingers and propose another independence referendum if and when she wishes", adding the parliament was "now equipped to ensure that a fresh SNP drive on independence can be halted in its tracks".
But Sturgeon warned Unionists not to sound the death knell for independence, given the Greens' six MSPs stood on a manifesto supporting a petition on whether to hold another referendum, meaning a majority of MSPs, 69 of 129, were still in favour of independence.
She said: “It's also the case that the SNP won the election and the Tories, although they had a good night in the election, they didn't win the election.
“Ruth Davidson should perhaps be careful of overreaching herself. I have been very clear that Scotland will only become independent when a majority of people in Scotland want to be independent.
"We should respect the will of the people at all times, and that applies not just to the SNP but to other parties as well."
Although the SNP now returns to minority government, Sturgeon said it was a very different picture compared to the 2007-2011 parliament, when it was the largest party by a single seat.
The SNP now had more MSPs than the Tories (31), Labour (24) and the LibDems (5) combined, she pointed out.
“We are just two seats short of having an overall majority,” she said. “That's a very strong position to be in. We face an opposition that will not be united, I don't think, on too many issues. So, yes I will reach out ... I want to find and build on common ground where I can, but I will do that not so much because I have to do it but because I want to do it.”
Asked about Davidson's claim that the SNP has no mandate to demand a second referendum on independence, the First Minister said: ‘The Scottish Parliament has a majority of MSPs who support independence – the SNP, obviously, but the Green Party also support independence, their number of seats went up. There's an independence-supporting majority in Parliament.”
Senior SNP sources said the Tories had failed to understand the implications of replacing Scottish Labour, the party that anchored the No campaign, as the opposition at Holyrood.
With Labour no longer a credible political force, and the main opposition party in Holyrood now linked to Westminster austerity cuts, the path to independence would be clearer, not harder, one source said.
“It [being the main opposition] might make for a jolly photo-call on a Friday afternoon but it's bloody stupid for them if they've created a very different political landscape for Scotland.
“Can you imagine what we'll be able to do at First Minister's Questions each week? It'll be these folk [Tories] criticising the government and attacking us. I can not wait.”
The new intake of MSPs will be sworn in on Thursday, and Sturgeon will put herself forward for re-election as First Minister in a parliamentary vote the week afterwards. One of her first jobs is expected to be a cabinet reshuffle.
Education Secretary Angela Constance is widely tipped for the chop after a decline in school standards after Sturgeon's emphasis on the need to improve educational performance.
Among those tipped for promotions are returning MSP Shirley Anne-Somerville and SNP convert Jeane Freeman, a former special adviser to Labour First Minister Jack McConnell.
Okay, no, this stuff doesn't really make me happy:
The Wisconsin Conference of the United Church of Christ has sued a Milwaukee congregation, challenging its vote to leave the denomination and demanding that its building and property be turned over to the conference if that vote is upheld. The lawsuit, filed in March against Faith Church at 4240 N. 78th St., is the culmination of a three-year battle over the future of a small and aging city congregation. Many blame the new pastor, saying he altered Faith's bylaws; stacked its church council with supporters; and alienated or ejected, sometimes physically, dozens of longtime members.
Full disclosure: I just stepped down from the Administrative Team of the Southeast Association of the Wisconsin Conference, United Church of Christ. We're not the state group suing the city congregation, but the middle judicatory, i.e., the layer of church bureaucracy between state and local levels. I've met the pastor of the congregation being sued, and served on the board with a couple of the parishioners he dismissed from membership.
I'm of the opinion that it's a loss at best when church matters have to be dragged into civil courts. It would be much better if such things could be handled internally. But it is an unfortunate reality that churches sometimes do need the courts, and somebody needs to stick up for church members unfairly evicted from their own congregation.
So this is the part that makes me happy: instead of taking this departure lying down, the Wisconsin Conference is fighting back. There's a long history of conservative groups trying to “steeplejack” mainline congregations. I don't know if Faith Church's departure was related to that movement or not; what I do know is that pastors who lead their congregations out of their denominations wind up doing tremendous damage. I am happy that somebody is trying to put a stop to it.
Share This
Crpytocurrencies have been in limelight since the bitcoin surged with the marketcap value of 41.8 Billion (note – these values keep changing due to volatility ) . Since , then hundreds of new coins emerged in the market , promising new technology and roadmaps to be completed in near future . Japan itself was never left behind in this case , “the power of kawaii , fun and creativity ” currency for its own people ” MonaCoin” .
Who started Monacoin ?
Monacoin was launched in 2014 with the symbol power of ” Cat ” . Monacoin is the first in Japan and its origami is “2channel” Sometimes, it is actively used in painting-related doujinshi and bulletin boards where you can send money, and forms a unique community.
It was developed based on light coin which is seen as successor to bitcoin.
Online Monacoin store
Online Store Monappy have some of the interesting stuff which is being sold , we found magazines to laptops , pictures and some of the services for which people are willing to do for you for few monas.
Community , Implementation and Development
Monacoin actively being developed and community is growing day by day . It's one of the few currencies in the world which is currently used for purchasing online/offline products and even the restaurants have started accepting monacoin in japan. Yes and that's true .
Lightning Network Implementation is in practice , they are very few coins who have decided to implement LN network which will help the currency for faster transaction , instant payments , cross blockchain transaction and monacoin dev team is on it .
You can also watch the video explaining how lightning network will work
Monacoin Rally and Motive
Monacoin community is about to start rally from 1st August . This is new idea for advertisement for monacoin . A unique poster has already been choosen to continue with this advertisement campaign . Prize will be 390 Monacoin.
You can also visit the website to participate and step-by-step process is given by the community to get started .
For participation Visit here
Rally will end on 30 August 2017 .
Monacoin motive is to be more creative and fun to use . This is how Japan finest examples occurred in the past through the memes , games , anime and entertainment . With the enhancement in technology and changing world with innovation monacoin is here to stay and will rise .
Monacoin currently rank 66 in coinmarketcap.Due to upcoming halving monacoin price is expected to surge as the mining difficulty will be increased and widely adoption in Japan . Available also through ATMs . Watch a Youtuber Video explaining monacoin here.
Join Monacoin Community if you have any questions Slack
Thanks for contributing to this article Crypto Robin and Monacoin Community.
If you like my article , feel free to provide any feedback and suggestions.
Monacoin Donation Address – MKPSrT4h78HzSQyw39TJErByRAsfi2GARP
KIEV, Aug 24 (Reuters) - Ukraine and a group of its largest creditors are close to agreeing a restructuring deal that will include a 20-percent writedown on the principal of about $19 billion of debt, the Wall Street Journal (WSJ) quoted sources as saying on Monday.
Talks have dragged on for more than five months, snared on deliberations over whether and how much of a writedown, or haircut, there should be, but a preliminary agreement could be announced some time this week, according to the WSJ sources.
The Ukrainian Finance Ministry declined to comment on the details of the report and the numbers could not be immediately confirmed with bondholders. “No deal has been finalised and all options remain open,” a ministry representative said.
However, markets have speculated for some time that both sides could settle for a 20-percent writedown - half of what Ukraine had originally demanded.
A source familiar with the talks told Reuters: “The committee is keen to facilitate a deal as they recognise that Ukraine faces very special circumstances. Their position is clear: they have never believed a haircut is necessary but despite this, in order to get the deal done, they have made a very significant concession.”
A 20-percent writedown is in line with expectations and means the two sides are meeting halfway, Bank of America/Merrill Lynch fixed income strategist Vadim Khramov said.
“Twenty percent is the consensus level ... but it doesn't really say much about bond prices, because a lot depends on other factors, like coupons and maturity extensions and other things like GDP warrants,” he said, referring to a mechanism whereby value can change depending on economic growth rates.
Ukraine has warned it would halt debt payments if an agreement is not reached soon, but on Monday it paid a $60 million coupon due on a 2021 Eurobond, a market source told Reuters.
Bond prices fell by about one cent across the curve and most issues are trading around 54-55 cents in the dollar. (Reporting by Alessandra Prentice in KIEV and Sujata Rao in LONDON; Additional reporting by Karin Strohecker; Editing by Louise Ireland)
Pat Sajak, the host of Wheel of Fortune and a very funny man, issued a tweet in the wake of the plethora of uninformed opinions offered by self-important celebrities (Need we mention Jimmy Kimmel?) in response to the Las Vegas massacre:
OK, let me explain this again: We're celebs. We're wiser & more empathetic than you. We are famous. Please take our opinions more seriously. — Pat Sajak (@patsajak) October 4, 2017
This is not the first time Sajak, a political conservative, has lanced the celebrity bubble of leftism that pervades Hollywood; his resume should have been a warning to leftists that his wit would target them. Sajak is an external director for the conservative publishing house Eagle Publishing, serves on the Board of Trustees at Hillsdale College and has served on the Board of Directors for the Claremont Institute.
Here are some other examples of Sajak pointedly targeting the Left:
Looking forward to next awards show/lecture. — Pat Sajak (@patsajak) January 10, 2017
Nobody abhors violence more than Hollywood, and nobody does more to glorify it. — Pat Sajak (@patsajak) January 12, 2017
I wonder if the celebrities who moved out of the country will return for the demonstrations? — Pat Sajak (@patsajak) January 18, 2017
Unhappy about results of last week's People's Choice Awards. Thinking of breaking Starbucks windows & trashing limos. — Pat Sajak (@patsajak) January 21, 2017
Changing the world one screamed obscenity at a time. — Pat Sajak (@patsajak) January 23, 2017
"Alexa, turn on CNN. I want to hear the news." "You'll have to pick one or the other." — Pat Sajak (@patsajak) July 7, 2017
The Council of Europe is maintaining its position that non-medical circumcision of boys is a violation of children's rights, despite reports in Israeli media that said the council reversed its position.
According to statements from Israeli politicians and Jewish activists, the Council of Europe — a body for pan-European dialogue that lacks executive powers — switched positions when its Parliamentary Assembly passed Resolution 2076 on “Freedom of religion and living together in a democratic society” on Sept. 30.
Milah UK, a leading Jewish advocacy group supporting the practice of circumcision, on Tuesday said in a statement that the resolution “cancels a previous motion that had cast into doubt the legality of religious circumcision.” Milah is the Hebrew name for the ritual circumcision of eight-day-old males.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
In 2013, the assembly passed Resolution 1952, which states that the practice of ritual circumcision, along with female genital mutilation, is a harmful “violation of the physical integrity of children.”
But Nathalie Bargellini, a spokesperson for the council's Parliamentary Assembly, on Thursday told JTA that Resolution 2076 “does not cancel nor replace Resolution 1952.” She noted the more recent resolution references the older one.
Bargellini also said that Resolution 2076 “calls for strict conditions governing the exercise of this practice.” According to the new resolution, “circumcision should not be allowed ‘unless practiced by a person with the requisite training and skill, in appropriate medical and health conditions,'” Bargellini said.
Resolution 1952 carried no such recommendation for outlawing certain types of circumcision. Though it is nonbinding, the 2013 resolution was controversial and was seen as significant because it was the first time that a prominent pan-European institution weighed in on the circumcision debate.
US Army ordered psy-ops on politicians: report
Updated
The US Army ordered the illegal use of psychological operations to influence US politicians on the Afghanistan war, Rolling Stone magazine reported, forcing the US commander there to launch an inquiry.
The explosive article said the command of General William Caldwell, in charge of training Afghan troops, pressured US soldiers specialising in "psy-ops" to manipulate visiting US senators and congressmen - as well as other VIPs and senior foreign officials - into supporting more money and troops for the war.
The report shook Washington at a time of growing public dissatisfaction with the longest US war, with lawmakers urging a swift investigation of the "disturbing" charges.
Pentagon spokesman Colonel David Lapan said war commander General David Petraeus "is preparing to order an investigation" to determine "what actions took place and if any of them was inappropriate or illegal".
Defence secretary Robert Gates "is aware of the allegations" in the article, and "fully supports General Petraeus's decision to investigate this matter before drawing any conclusions," said Pentagon spokesman Geoffrey Morrell.
The report says an army lieutenant colonel told the magazine he had been repeatedly ordered by General Caldwell's staff to target senators, including 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain, Joe Lieberman, Jack Reed, Al Franken and Carl Levin.
Among those the team was told to pressure during a four-month period were chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Mike Mullen, Germany's interior minister, and the Czech ambassador to Kabul, according to members of the "information operations" (IO) team and internal documents.
And when the officer sought to bring the operation to a halt, a campaign of retaliation was launched against him, according to the magazine.
"My job in psy-ops is to play with people's heads, to get the enemy to behave the way we want them to behave," Lieutenant Colonel Michael Holmes, leader of the IO unit, told Rolling Stone.
"I'm prohibited from doing that to our own people. When you ask me to try to use these skills on senators and congressman, you're crossing a line."
The magazine also said General Caldwell's chief of staff asked Lt Col Holmes how the general could secretly manipulate the US lawmakers.
"How do we get these guys to give us more people?" the chief of staff demanded. "What do I have to plant inside their heads?"
Investigation
An inquiry will likely check whether the IO effort was in violation of US law that forbids targeting US nationals with such propaganda campaigns.
These are "serious charges that must and will be fully investigated," said Mr Reed, a Democrat who sits on key committees with oversight over the conflict.
Both Mr Reed and Mr Levin, the Senate Armed Services Committee chairman, denied they had been influenced by the effort.
Mr Reed said in a statement that on each of the 11 trips he has made to Afghanistan since the war began he tries "to cast a wide net and gather information from many sources".
The report was the second dramatic scoop on military issues by the iconic music magazine in less than a year.
In 2010, Michael Hastings, the same writer, wrote a withering critique of General Petraeus's predecessor, General Stanley McChrystal, and his staff, attributing blunt comments to the commander's staff in an article which led to General McChrystal's sacking.
Hastings wrote that Lt Col Holmes - who became the subject of an army investigation after emailing a military lawyer to address his discomfort with the psy-op orders on US civilians - said General Caldwell "seemed far more focused on the Americans and the funding stream than he was on the Afghans".
"We were there to teach and train the Afghans. But for the first four months it was all about the US," he added. "Later he even started talking about targeting the NATO populations."
In response to Lt Col Holmes's email, military lawyer Captain John Scott agreed with Lt Col Holmes and wrote "IO doesn't do that", according to the report.
"(Public affairs) works on the hearts and minds of our own citizens and IO works on the hearts and minds of the citizens of other nations," Captain Scott wrote.
"While the twain do occasionally intersect, such intersections ... should be unintentional."
In a statement to the magazine, a spokesman for General Caldwell "categorically denies the assertion that the command used an Information Operations Cell to influence distinguished visitors".
- AFP
Topics: army, government-and-politics, world-politics, unrest-conflict-and-war, united-states, afghanistan
First posted
Have you ever heard of Japan's 47 Ronin? Nope?
Ok, but do you know what a ronin (ろうにん、浪人) is?
The short version: A ronin is a former samurai.
The long version:
During the feudal period of Japan (1185-1868) a samurai who lost his master was called “ronin”. A samurai could become masterless if their lord was killed or stripped off his privileges. Sometimes a samurai could become out of favor with his master. An abandoned samurai also turns into a ronin.
Nowadays the term “ronin” is used for Japanese students who failed to get admitted to university and have to try again to get in. It's also used for salaryman (salaried workers) who are currently “between two jobs”.
The Story of the 47 Ronin of Ako
So, apparently there was a time when there were 47 of them. Needless to say that there were a lot more throughout history.
But what makes those 47 ronin (四十七士, shi-juu-shichi-shi) so special and why is their legend famous in Japan?
The story is popular because it's a great example of Japanese spirit and loyality. It displays the code of honor of the samurai, known as bushido. It's something Japanese people are very proud of and thus it's a story they are fond of even nowadays.
I'm trying to keep this as short as possible. For those of you who are interested in all the details, I recommend reading 47ronins.com!
How Ako's Samurai Became Ronin
In the late 17th century Lord Asano Naganori (浅野 長矩) was ruling over the Ako domain (1675-1701).
Asano as the daimyo of Ako and Kamei as the daimyo of Tsuwano were invited to Edo Castle to arrange a reception for the envoys of Emperor Higashiyama (1675-1710).
However, there was one man named Kira Yoshinaka (吉良 義央), a high-ranked official of the Tokugawa shogunate, who was giving both lords a hard time.
Although this is not confirmed, rumors say he was very arrogant, corrupt and rude. Kira complained and treated Lord Asano and Lord Kamei in a harsh way because he wasn't happy with the presents they offered him.
Not being able to take Kira's behavior any longer, Lord Kamei wanted to kill him. However, Kamei's counsellors suggested bribing him instead. As this was exactly what Kira wanted, he thereafter treated Lord Kamei nicely.
This made Lord Asano even angrier than he already was. When Kira was insulting him yet again, saying that he was a “village idiot with no manners“, he lost his temper. Asano pulled a dagger and injured Kira's face. Others quickly separated the two of them.
Attacking a shogunate official and that within the walls of the shogun's residence was strictly forbidden. Therefore Lord Asano was forced to commit suicide (seppuku).
After his death all his belongings were confiscated, his family lost all privileges and of course Lord Asano's samurai became masterless. From then on they were ronin. The “key person” among them was Yoshio Oishi, the former principal counsellor of Lord Asano and one of his samurai. Right after the order, he made sure that Asano's family was brought to a safe place.
The Revenge Of Lord Asano's 47 Ronin
Oishi was the leading force in what became the legend of the 47 ronin. Lord Asano was the master of over 300 samurai, but after his death they all became ronin. Although the shogun had strictly forbidden to take revenge, some of them, Oishi being their leader, decided to kill Kira. They knew that they had to die if they tried, but they wanted to be loyal to their master even after his death.
Oishi divorced his wife to make sure she was safe. She took the two younger children with her. However, the oldest son, Chikara, decided to accompany his father and the other ronin.
It was very difficult to get close to Kira. He feared an attack all the time. He even sent out spies to make sure the ronin didn't plan anything.
The former samurai became merchants, monks etc., leading a “normal” life, but it still took years until Kira finally was convinced that he wasn't in danger anymore.
Finally, on the 14th day of the 12th month (which translates to January 30, 1703), they attacked Kira's residence. One thing I find especially awesome about this story is that the ronin informed the neighbors that this was an act of vengeance and that they had nothing to fear. As all the neighbors hated Kira, they were relieved and didn't try to stop the ronin.
They attacked in two groups, one was led by Oishi, the other one by his son, Chikara. Kira was hiding well in his residence. Eventually, some ronin found him and got Oishi to confirm that it really was him. Seeing the scar on his face that was left through their master's attack, there was no doubt.
Considering the high rank of Kira, Oishi offered him the death of a true samurai (seppuku). However, Kira was just trembling unable to do or say anything. After trying to convince him for quite some time, Oishi gave up, had him pinned down and cut his head off.
The ronin took Kira's head to a nearby temple where the grave of their master was located. It was a 10-km march. A lot of people cheered them on, offered them refreshments on their way as they admired the courage of the ronin.
The warriors washed Kira's head, put it next to their master's grave and paid the temple money so that they all could be buried next to him.
After their successful act of revenge, they turned themselves in.
Going against the shogun's orders usually meant to be executed as criminals. However, the shogun was impressed by their act of bushido and granted all of them to die as true samurai by committing seppuku. Oishi's son was only 16 at that time.
47 Or 46 Ronin?!
Of the 47 ronin only 46 died on March 20, 1703 by killing themselves as requested. One left on the day of the attack, although it's not 100% clear why. Some say he was sent to Ako to tell everyone that Lord Asano was avenged. Others suggest that he simply ran away. The name of this ronin was Terasaka Kichiemon. When he returned to Edo later, he was pardoned by the shogun and lived a long life. After his death, he was buried with his comrades and his master.
Following The Traces of the 47 Ronin: Ako and Tokyo
If you are fond of this story and want to track down the traces of history, it's possible.
The main location is obviously Edo, nowadays better known as Tokyo! ;)
You can find the graves of the 47 ronin and their master at Sengakuji Temple.
Not only that, but the temple still has the original clothes and arms the ronin wore on the day of their attack!
I have yet to visit this temple – and I definitely will!
The second place you might want to check out is Ako where Lord Asano and the 47 ronin are originally from.
Ako is a small city in Hyogo Prefecture, very close to the border of Okayama Prefecture.
I'll write some travel posts about Ako another time. I just want to introduce the sights that are related to the 47 ronin today.
The main location is Ako Castle where Lord Asano ruled until he was forced to commit seppuku.
Unfortunately, there's nothing much left of the castle. You'll find a few turrets, walls and a castle moat.
Right next to the castle is Oishi Shrine (大石神社).
Did you just cringe? Yes, it has the name for a reason! The noble and loyal samurai / ronin Oishi and his men are being worshipped there. Next to the shrine is “Ako Loyal Samurai Museum” where you can find artefacts and items left behind by the 47 ronin.
At Oishi Shrine not only the typical shrine gate will greet you, but also statues of the ronin (though not all 47).
If you walk around the main hall of the shrine, you'll find beautiful pictures telling you the story of Ako Castle, Lord Asano and his 47 ronin.
I highly recommend you take your time enjoying these. They are fabulous!
Visitors can “experience” history at the shrine. Above you see Oishi and his son with a paper scroll that has the names of all 47 ronin on it. They all signed and put their bloody thumb on it to “seal the deal”. Gives you goosebumps, doesn't it?
You can find a list of all the names of the 47 Ako Roshi (赤穂浪士) here.
Or you can just have a look at these cute illustrations. Click on each ronin and you'll get a lot of information (unfortunately only in Japanese).
If you happen to visit Himeji and are interested in the 47 ronin as well, I highly recommend going to Ako. It's just a few minutes away from Himeji. It's also pretty close to Okayama City.
There's a yearly festival called “Gishisai” (赤穂義士祭) in Ako on December 14th to celebrate that the 47 ronin were able to take revenge on the 14th day of the 12th month. For students in Ako, it's a happy day. They don't have to go to school, so they can participate in the festival.
47 Ronin – Movie Adaption:
A great story like that needed to be told. People wanted to see it or read about it: kabuki performances, books …. and finally there were also movie adaptions such as Chushingura (1962).
Maybe you have already seen the newest 47 Ronin movie (2013) featuring Keanu Reeves? Here's a short trailer:
I don't intend to write a movie review here, but let me just tell you that I was disappointed.
It's not a bad movie, but it's also not as good as I expected it to be. After all, the story of the 47 ronin of Japan is interesting. Then, there are all these actors I adore such as Keanu Reeves or Shibasaki Kou … and yet … it just didn't please me.
One reason is that they changed the original story of the 47 ronin so much and made a fantasy tale out of it.
In my eyes, this kind of fantasy adaptions usually work better as animation rather than with real actors. (Dragonball movie anyone? …)
Also, if you're anything like me and watch Japanese dramas regularly you're probably familiar with some of the actors in this movie. Hearing them speak English is just EXTREMELY weird. I would have prefered subtitles. It also seems strange that Keanu is talking much faster and more fluent than anybody else. *g*
The movie has beautiful fantasy pictures of Japan in it. But don't be fooled! It's a fantasy world that has never existed like that. And don't let me get started about Ako Castle!! And since when can you see Mt. Fuji from Ako? T__T [/ feel free to ignore this rant]
Should you watch the movie?
Well, did you like the trailer? Do you like movies like that anyway? Are there any actors you like? Do you want to know more about the 47 ronin without having to read too much? If so, then go ahead and watch it.
I can't guarantee that you'll like it, though. ;)
I'm also curious to hear from people who have already watched the movie. How did you like it? What are your thoughts? Please share them in the comments below!~
Honda has confirmed it's recalling 1.2 million Accord midsize cars because battery sensors can potentially short out and catch fire.
READ MORE: U.S. man repairing Honda car dies after airbag inflator explodes
This recall will cover Accords from the 2013 to 2016 model years. Honda says it has four reports of engine compartment fires because of this issue but has not confirmed any injuries. All the fires reportedly took place in states where salt is used to clean roads in the winter.
WATCH: Audi refuses to admit fault, then releases recall for same issue
The company says the sensors on the negative terminal of the battery aren't adequately sealed off from moisture, allowing road salt to get in and cause corrosion and an electrical short. When heated, a shorted sensor can possibly catch fire.
READ MORE: Honda Canada recalling nearly 53,000 Odyssey minivans
As part of the recall, dealers will inspect the sensors and faulty ones will be replaced. Those vehicles without problems will receive an adhesive sealant and sensors will be replaced when parts are available.
WATCH: Hyundai, Kia recall 1.4M cars in Canada, U.S. for possible engine failure
This revelation comes as the automaker confirms the 11th American death involving one of its vehicles tied to a faulty Takata Corp airbag inflator. The Japanese automaker said the incident occurred in June 2016 in Florida when an individual was working on repairs on a 2001 Honda Accord and the airbag ruptured.
WATCH: Takata airbag recall becomes the largest auto recall in U.S. history
At least 17 deaths and 180 injuries worldwide are now tied to the defect that prompted the largest-ever auto safety recall and led Takata to file for bankruptcy protection last month. Takata inflators can explode with excessive force, unleashing metal shrapnel inside cars and trucks.
The Honda Accord was one of more than 300,000 unrepaired recalled Honda vehicles equipped with inflators with a substantial risk of rupturing.
—With files from The Associated Press and Reuters.
Since the Palestinian Authority left the Gaza Strip, festive celebrations and displays of crucifixes have become taboo
When the Latin patriarch came to Gaza's Holy Family church to celebrate Christmas mass last week, he instructed a full house of Catholic and Orthodox families to pray for reconciliation. As the archbishop, Fouad Twal, stood at the lectern in Gaza City, Fatah and Hamas leaders were meeting in Cairo attempting to mend differences that have divided the Palestinian factions for four years and rendered Gaza a besieged Islamist enclave.
Of the 1.5 million Palestinians now living in the Gaza Strip, fewer than 1,400 are Christian and those who can are leaving. The church hopes reconciliation will bring them back.
There hasn't been a Christmas tree in Gaza City's main square since Hamas pushed the Palestinian Authority out of Gaza in 2007 and Christmas is no longer a public holiday.
Imad Jelda is an Orthodox Christian who runs a youth training centre in Gaza City. With unemployment hovering at 23%, he has seen young Christian men leave to study and work abroad in their droves. "People here do not celebrate Christmas anymore because they are nervous," Jelda said. "The youth in particular have a fear inside themselves."
Karam Qubrsi, 23, and his younger brother Peter, 21, are the eldest sons in one of Gaza's 55 remaining Catholic families. Both wear prominent wooden crucifixes. "Jesus tells me, 'if you can't carry my cross, you don't belong to me,'" Peter explained. It's a demonstration of faith that has caused him some trouble.
He describes being stopped in the street by a Hamas official who told him to remove the cross. "I told him it's not his business and that I wouldn't," Peter said. After being threatened with arrest he was eventually let go, but the incident scared him.
The brightly decorated tree in the Qubrsis' living room sits at odds with the sombre mood. Their sisters Rani, 29, and Mai, 27, left Gaza in 2007 when the 30-year-old manager of Gaza's Bible Society bookstore, where their husbands worked, was shot dead, having been accused by radical elements of proselytising. They now live in Bethlehem.
Their parents are currently in Israel where their mother is receiving treatment for pancreatic cancer. Israel applies strict restrictions to Palestinians hoping to leave the Gaza Strip, meaning the brothers are unable to join them. A quota of 500 applicants will be given permission to enter the West Bank this Christmas but only people younger than 16 and older than 35 will be considered.
"Christmas for us means going to Bethlehem, being with family. This year we'll do nothing," Karam said.
The Qubrsi brothers hold out little hope for Gaza. They agree that life would be better for the Christians here if the Palestinian Authority were to return but they doubt any factional peace would last.
"Many people want the Palestinian Authority to come back just so they can take their revenge," Peter said.
"This is not a Christian environment. There are no good universities, there is no opportunity to work, no apartments to rent and so no way we can get married. We have no future here."
Damien Mantach: Victorian Liberal Party ex-director jailed for stealing $1.5m from party coffers
Updated
Disgraced former Victorian Liberal Party director Damien Mantach has been sentenced to five years' jail for stealing more than $1.5 million from state party coffers.
He pleaded guilty to 15 charges of obtaining financial advantage by deception over an elaborate scheme to steal money from the party executive using fake invoices from June 2010 until just after the 2014 election.
The judge said while Mantach had made a full confession and suffered a humiliating fall from grace after being caught, she had no choice but to send him to jail.
Mantach was supported in court by his parents and a family friend, and as the judge handed down the jail term a voice could be heard to exclaim, "bloody hell".
Court documents revealed Mantach amassed a small fortune through kickbacks from inflated printing and logistics invoices from one of the party's official suppliers, Melbourne Mailing.
He generated 53 false invoices over four years, including to get funds through two of his own companies, Campaign Mail Logistics and Parkstreet Online Solutions, for research projects, logistical support and delivery of material that was never supplied.
But he told police he always expected to get caught and there was no control or oversight within the party over invoices.
Mantach stole money in bid to save marriage
The court heard his elaborate scheme was put into play to pay off debts and partly to save his failing marriage.
More than $506,600 was used to purchase shares, $81,859 was spent on a luxury car, $45,000 was used for home loan repayments and $535,085 was invested in a cafe for his wife at Ocean Grove, it heard.
The court heard his wife had no idea of the scam and his troubled marriage ended as soon as he was caught.
Mantach told his psychologist his significant debts had made him feel "inadequate" and pressured. However he continued to steal after they were paid off.
During his trial, Mantach said:
"For me it was actually never about greed, it was never about ... going off and getting a whole heap of lovely materialistic things. I took money, it basically relieved pressure in my personal life."
Only a third of the money stolen has been recovered.
'Levy' added to invoice as part of scam
Mantach was first interviewed during a Liberal Party audit in August last year where he admitted everything.
As part of the swindle, he had instructed Melbourne Mailing to add a levy to "random" invoices sent to the party, as well as MP offices.
One of the first scams involved an invoice in June 2010 for $16,800 in which 48 electorates were each charged $350 for printing and mailing expenses.
Yet Mantach said he did not take all of the money for himself.
"Some of the invoicing would actually allow us [the party] to pay for ... other work or activities, so it was all quite legitimate but it was all mixed in," he told auditors.
Mantach told auditors it was common practice for parties to pay inflated invoices from printers and other suppliers in order to divert funds to other areas.
The Victorian Liberal Party has since unveiled sweeping reforms designed to protect the party's finances. The party told the court Mantach's actions were a betrayal.
"It was a breach of trust for the hardworking volunteers and supporters of the Liberal Party and I'm pleased that this matter has now been concluded," Victorian Liberal MP Edward O'Donohue said.
Mantach moved to Victoria in 2008 after serving as state director with the Tasmanian Liberal Party from 2005.
He has already served eight months in custody and will be eligible for parole in two years.
The protracted crimes Mantach pleaded guilty to could have seen him jailed for 20 years.
Topics: liberals, political-parties, government-and-politics, state-parliament, parliament, melbourne-3000, tas
First posted
Dev pursues a new passion in Italy, dives back into the New York dating scene and wrestles with big questions as he seeks to reboot his life.
1. The Thief 30m While studying pasta making in Italy, Dev makes a serendipitous connection on his birthday, only to have his plans upended by a thief.
2. Le Nozze 30m Arnold stops by on his way to a wedding to explore Modena with his Little Bud. But he hasn't told Dev the whole truth about his trip.
3. Religion 22m Back in New York, a visit from observant Muslim relatives puts Dev in a tricky position. He introduces his cousin to a forbidden pleasure: pork.
4. First Date 27m Sucked into a popular dating app, Dev winds up on a string of awkward, fun and disorienting dates with very different women.
5. The Dinner Party 36m After welcoming the Jabbawockeez to his show, Dev struggles to find the right date to take to a dinner party thrown by his celebrity chef boss.
6. New York, I Love You 29m As Dev and friends head to a theater to see the hit movie "Death Castle," the lives of several ordinary New Yorkers intersect in subtle ways.
7. Door #3 26m A sweet job offer forces Dev to take stock of his priorities. Brian helps his dad with a romantic dilemma. A cupcake competition judge gets cold feet.
8. Thanksgiving 34m Over a series of Thanksgivings from the '90s to the present, Denise settles into her sexuality and faces the challenge of coming out to her family.
9. Amarsi Un Po 58m When Francesca returns to New York for a month, Dev plays tour guide and finds himself caught in a whirlwind of confusing emotions.
Islamists have stretched their lead in the final round of Egypt's landmark parliamentary election, official preliminary results show.
The voter turnout in the final round was 62 per cent, Abdel Moaez Ibrahim, the election commission chief said on Saturday.
The Muslim Brotherhood, the country's best-organised political group, came out top in seven of the nine provinces where the balloting was held on January 3-4, according to state television.
The group's Freedom and Justice Party (FJP) secured six out of 50 seats contested by individual candidates in the same round, the broadcaster reported.
In second place was Al-Nour, the more conservative Salafist party, that took the lead in the other two provinces and won one seat for single candidates.
The remaining 43 seats will be the focus of runoff vote set for January 9-10, state TV said.
The FJP and Al-Nour claimed on Saturday to have together taken 62.2 per cent of the vote in the final stage of a general election, maintaining their lead in the overall contest.
The Brotherhood's Democratic Alliance list has won 41 per cent of the seats so far, while another list led by the
Al-Nour garnered 20 per cent of the seats.
Banned and oppressed under former president Hosni Mubarak, the Islamists had gained more than 65 per cent of vote in the previous two stages of the staggered election that began on November 28.
They are widely expected to dominate the new parliament, the prime task of which is to pick a commission to draft a new constitution for Egypt.
The Al-Nour Party seeks strict application of Islamic law, while the more moderate Brotherhood may seek an alliance with liberal groups to allay concerns about the prospect of an Islamist-led Egypt.
Runoff vote
The election, the first since Mubarak left power last February, is based on a complex system.
Two-thirds of the new parliament's seats are allocated for party lists on a proportional representation basis, and the remainder is reserved for individual candidates.
Under the electoral system adopted after Mubarak's ouster, second-round run-offs still have to be held later this month
for the one third of seats that are decided in first-past-the-post constituencies.
From January 29, two-stage elections will then be held for the upper house.
Once the new parliament has been sworn in, a commmission will be appointed to draft a new constitution before presidential elections are held by the end of June.
Liberals have trailed in the three stages of the legislative polls. Partial results issued by the Muslim Brotherhood suggested non-religious parties also performed more poorly in the final round.
According to the results, the liberal Egyptian Bloc won 9 per cent of the seats so far, the Wafd party took 9 per cent and former Mubarak loyalists took 4 per cent of the vote - a stronger performance than the Revolution Continues co-alition of youth activists who won just 2 per cent of the seats.
The moderate Islamist Al-Wasat won 2 per cent, while the rest were taken by independents.
Full and final results are to be announced later in January.
Daniel Rigmaiden. WNYC/Daniel Rigmaiden Over the last year the world has learned a lot about a jarring surveillance technology.
It's called "Stingray," and it's a device used by both federal and state law-enforcement agencies to gain access to citizens' cellphone data.
Even though we're now getting a better sense of what Stingray does, we still know little about how this technology became known to the public.
A new radio interview, however, has tracked down the man who first discovered the clandestine technology.
Stingray works by mimicking cellphone towers. The authorities drive around with them sending out signals and all mobile devices in the vicinity are forced to connect to it. It has reportedly been used by numerous enforcement agencies for years, thousands of times. But the problem is that any organization signing on to use the device is forced to sign a nondisclosure agreement.
This means that if a group is asked to divulge details of Stingray in court, they must drop the case.
Given all this, it's quickly become clear that the authorities never wanted people to know that Stingray existed. In fact, according to the latest episode of the WNYC radio show "Note To Self," it took an obsessed man in prison to comb through thousands of documents to piece together what was going on.
A reclusive fraudster
Daniel Rigmaiden is the man who first discovered Stingray while he was in prison facing charges of tax fraud. In an attempt to live off the grid, Rigmaiden had concocted a scheme where he would file tax returns for dead people. He did so for quite a while — making sure to cover his tracks — and was able to rake in thousands of dollars.
Despite his intense meticulousness with the details, Rigmaiden was ultimately caught by the authorities. Yet he didn't understand how they became hip to his ways. He used a slew of fake IDs, maintained almost no public identity, and even lived in the woods.
The only weak link, he thought, was the cellular AirCard he used to access the internet. But, given that he only used fake identities and anonymized his web browsing, Rigmaiden did not understand how they tracked him down.
And so he began to research.
They sent "rays into my living room"
Rigmaiden had a hunch of how he was caught. He told his lawyer, "I think they tracked me down by sending rays into my living room." At the time — over five years ago — this seemed unheard of. No one had ever claimed that the police could surveil citizens in such a capacity.
The Stingray surveillance tool allows police to track a cellphone's location down to the very room it's in. US Patent and Trademark Office Unable to convince a lawyer to defend him with such a claim, Rigmaiden decided to represent himself. The man requested thousands of documents pertaining to his case, and slowly combed through any mentions of new technologies. According to the "Note To Self" episode, he read over 15,000 pages of court documents.
Finally, Rigmaiden discovered a few allusions to new "investigative techniques" associated with cell towers.
And this is where things get even more miraculous. Rigmaiden didn't have internet access in prison, so for months he called a court-appointed paralegal to do his online searching. He gave this person detailed instructions about what to Google, and they would then send him the appropriate documents. Rigmaiden spent hours on the phone with this paralegal trying to describe whatever it was he was looking for.
Putting the pieces together
Conducting his own investigation for years, Rigmaiden slowly amassed enough proof via formal documents and transcripts from local meetings to get a sense for what Stingray really was: A secret new technology that intercepted cellphones so authorities could gather data from them. With this new information he assembled, he made a dossier of his findings.
Finally, the prisoner contacted the American Civil Liberties Union's Christopher Soghoian, who ultimately helped illuminate the public about what Stingray is and how it was being used by authorities.
Since then, numerous probes have been made about the constitutionality of Stingray, and slowly documents are surfacing detailing just how widespread it is. We now know Stingray has been used thousands of times in numerous states, and is even beginning to be trialed in the UK.
Of course, the irony is that if a suspect discovers the authorities used Stingray against them, they will likely be set free because those using Stingray aren't allowed to disclose any information about the technology.
And all of this information is thanks to one man who was obsessive enough to spend years combing through documents to fully understand what led to his arrest.
WNYC radio show "Note To Self" reports that Rigmaiden is no longer incarcerated and in fact is often used as a consultant for lawyers and legislators looking into the Stingray technology.
You can listen to the full podcast below.
Former Breitbart tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos is scheduled to publish his book Dangerous next Tuesday, on Independence Day. Ahead of that release Gizmodo has obtained a copy of the finished book, as well as the January draft previously leaked to Buzzfeed. Maybe “the most controversial book of the decade” was intended as a career comeback, but it reads like an epitaph.
Ugly as his beliefs may be, it's inarguable that Milo's built his career by knowing how to captivate an audience. By contrast, Dangerous is dreadfully dull. Beneath the regurgitated propaganda arguing against a fair, multicultural, egalitarian society is a portrait of an e-celebrity without an audience, a blogger without a publisher, and, above all, an attention-seeking troll whose playbook of goads no longer elicits any emotion whatsoever. To the detriment of the book, self-reflection is utterly absent.
Originally, the book was to be published in mid-March by Simon & Schuster. But following the discovery of an interview in which Yiannopoulos appeared to condone pedophilia by referencing his own sexual experiences with older men at the age of 13, he offered an ignominious resignation from his position with Breitbart, was disinvited from CPAC where he was slated to be a keynote speaker, and was dropped by his publisher, all in short order. Disgraced, he later made clear his intentions to sue Simon & Schuster, though no such suit has materialized.
With self-publishing his only remaining option, Yiannopoulos largely dropped out of the spotlight, presumably to finish writing Dangerous.
Milo's opus clocks in at just over 68,000 words when stripped of front and backmatter, although that number is closer to 63,000 due to his compulsive penchant for padding chapters with lengthy quotes, the origins of which range from Andrew Breitbart to Hannah Arendt to Gizmodo.
Advertisement
In a statement to Buzzfeed, Milo claims the leaked draft had “been substantially rewritten since [January].” Surprisingly, the prose does look to have been revamped somewhat. There's a new introduction blithely titled “So About That Whole Drama” which addresses his disinvitation from CPAC and ensuing fall from disgrace; a subsection titled “Milo's College Rankings” which lists a mere 16 higher learning institutions divided into two cliche tabloid-style categories—Heroes and Zeroes; a few paragraphs now discuss the barely-remembered “donglegate” dustup from 2013.
The substance of the book has remained largely unchanged in the six month interim. It remains a tedious and at times bitter self-defense written by a man who claims to enjoy the negative attention he sought out. In the parlance of Twitter—a platform Yiannopoulos hasn't been welcome on for nearly a year—Dangerous is 275 pages of “I'm not owned! I'm not owned!”
Just as was the case before, Dangerous gives away nothing of Yiannopoulos's upbringing, his time at Breitbart, or scuffle with the Republican establishment which ruined him. Here's a smattering of the topics which Milo spent many months writing and rewriting: Is Pepe the frog a racist symbol? Was Twitter right to ban him? Why are feminists ignoring the plights of men? Is abortion wrong? Does rape culture exist? Is the ‘one-in-four women' statistic about sexual assault accurate? Are Muslims all terrible people? Is the Black Lives Matter movement full of shit? Should Brianna Wu, Anita Sarkeesian, and Zoe Quinn be grateful for their harassment by GamerGate—a movement which hit its peak relevance nearly three years ago?
Advertisement
Anyone with even a passing familiarity with Milo's brand already knows his stances, which have been enunciated louder and more compellingly by other personalities in the right-wing media—and debunked many times over. (They're also topics which Milo has already written about exhaustively in blog posts for Breitbart, which can be read for free.) Dangerous is not offensive, shocking, or thought-provoking. Had it met its original release date of mid-March, many of the topics contained within would still have felt well past their prime.
Page after page recounting years-long grudges suggest that what he sees as the soft, identity-obsessed, participation award-craving liberals Milo makes his money riling up are the very same people whose affection and understanding he desperately craves. In his own words: “People often accuse me of being an attention-seeker. They're right, of course.”
Milo also expends considerable ink griping about the left's readiness to conflate right-leaning groups and misunderstand the language and tactics deployed by his former cohorts; meanwhile he fails to grasp and goes out of his way to undermine core concepts important to the Black Lives Matter movement, transgender people (whom he refers to as “trannies”), Muslims, and feminism, among others. Is it surprising to see bald hypocrisy in Dangerous? Of course not. But throughout he also refers to the political movement of which he was a figurehead as the “alt-right”—a label which young, moderate conservatives still clinging to ideas espoused by Milo (and others) almost universally reject due to its association with white nationalism.
Advertisement
One of the few cogent ideological threads that can be followed through the maze of petty grievances that is Dangerous is Milo's enduring belief in the power of humor. “Be twice as funny as you are outrageous, because no one can resist the truth wrapped in a good joke,” he suggests, correctly, though the lesson manages to evade him. Attempts at humor in the book fall flat, not for being offensive, but for being either obvious or overly shrill. Perhaps knowing this, the line “I'm just too smart, too funny, too popular and too successful to ignore” in the January draft is omitted, substituted by a humbler appeal to the content of his character:
I'm not the best because I'm the funniest or the smartest or the most attractive person among conservative and libertarian celebrities. I'm the best because I work harder than everyone else.
Likewise the subsection “Why I'm So Great” no longer appears in the finished product. In the course of trying (and failing) to insult anyone and everyone, Yiannopoulos manages to liken himself to a diverse cast of characters both real and fictional that include Oscar Wilde, Freddy Mercury, Nigel Farage, Martin Luther King Jr., Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and the raptors in Jurassic Park. But the toning down of his character's signature egotism manages to make the book all the duller. It's a shame he lacked the conviction to fully inhabit the character now that it's his own money on the line rather than Simon & Schuster's.
Advertisement
Part and parcel to Milo's affinity to abuse quotes like a high school student desperate to hit a page count, Dangerous is nothing if not an attempt to ingratiate himself back into any group who will have him. Positive name-drops include Ann Coulter, PayPal founder Peter Thiel, Fox News's Tucker Carlson, Rebel Media's Lauren Southern, Lucian Wintrich of The Gateway Pundit, YouTube personalities Stephan Molyneux and Daniel Keem, James O'Keefe of Project Veritas infamy, and Trump advisor and former boss Steve Bannon. (The former two even submitted blurbs for the book jacket.)
And of course, Trump himself, whom he frequently refers to as “daddy.”
But there are appearances to keep up, and Milo couches his subtextual contrition/job hunt with any opportunity to flaunt his credentials as a rebellious anti-establishment type, including a few toothless warnings to his own:
Like the Left's political correctness, the Right's political correctness is collectivist and reductive in its logic. It will destroy the lives of innocent people if it goes unchecked. We must fight against it until it dies.
Advertisement
The majority of the bile Yiannopoulos spits towards the rightwing is directed at old-guard Republicans, embodiments of a rigged system. Had he stuck by what few principles he has and declined the invitation to speak at CPAC—which managed to tarnish his reputation in a way the media simply couldn't—his 15 minutes of fame might well have extended into a legitimate political career.
All memes die. It's a fact of the internet Milo inhabits. And Milo, the memetic avatar designed to drive oversensitive liberals into apoplectic rage, has reached the end of its internet shelf life. His schtick has been done better by others, and the reactionary cruelty which elicited horror now only registers as a grating hum. Ironically, in helping elect Trump, Milo and those like him made themselves obsolete: America now faces greater problems than the mean-spirited shitposts of a preening hack.
(CNN) Iowa newlyweds are clinging to hope as their nearly 3-week-old daughter fights for her life after contracting a deadly virus believed to be from a simple kiss.
Nicole and Shane Sifrit welcomed baby Mariana on July 1. A week later -- two hours after the couple's wedding -- they say they noticed that the girl was not eating and would not wake up when they tried to get her to respond.
"Within two hours, she had quit breathing, and all her organs just started to fail," Nicole Sifrit told CNN affiliate WHO.
Herpes meningitis can be caused by bacteria, fungi or other types of germs, and it can be spread through sexual contact or from a woman to her baby during childbirth, according to
Mariana's parents both tested negative for the virus, they said, suggesting that it could have come from others who visited the child.
"They touch her, and then she touches her mouth with her hand," Sifrit explained. It's hard to pinpoint exactly how Mariana caught the virus, but she wants people to know that it's important that people are cautious when they let anyone handle their babies.
Nicole Sifrit says Mariana "isn't getting better, but she's not getting worse."
Dr. Tanya Altmann, a pediatrician at Calabasas Pediatrics in California, said that "viral meningitis is transmitted through close casual contact. However, she caught the virus and then developed meningitis. ... It is very common to catch the virus, but very rarely does it develop into meningitis.
"The first two months after a child is born are very critical, as a virus can rapidly spread and cause serious illness in newborns," she said. This is why parents are advised to be particularly careful during those first months.
Sifrit told CNN that Mariana was airlifted to the University of Iowa Children's Hospital in Iowa City on July 10 when her condition deteriorated. As of Sunday, "they are trying to keep the baby stable," and doctors are "fluctuating her dialysis to drain fluid off her body."
The mother is praying that her daughter's "liver starts repairing on its own and that the vessels around her heart start sealing and not leak oxygen so her body can heal."
Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.
Doctors have warned that because of the damage the virus has caused, if Mariana survives, she will have long-term problems with her brain, liver and kidneys, according to Sifrit.
Mariana is expected to remain in the hospital for the next three to six months.
About a dozen hours into Final Fantasy XV, after I'd slain countless monsters and traveled hundreds of miles and bonded with tight-knit group of friends, a strange feeling swelled in my chest. The four of us stood on the rocky beach of a picturesque lake surrounded by towering green trees. The sun began to set, bathing everything in a gorgeous yellow light. Prompto, the blonde, goofy member of our quartet, had just set the timer of his camera and skittered back to the scenic spot so we could all take a photo together. As the shutter made its loud “click!” it dawned on me: I'm really going to miss these guys when this is over.
Like its predecessors in the long-running series, Final Fantasy XV is an epic role-playing game that spans dozens of hours. The kind of game where you travel across a fantastical world in order to save the planet from some kind of ultimate evil. But it also differs from past Final Fantasy games, which were often defined in part by linear stories and strategic, turn-based combat. FFXV has been in some form of production for over a decade, and the end result brings the series into the modern day with a vast open-world and dynamic, fast-paced battles.
The core of Final Fantasy didn't get lost in this transition, though. Instead the new elements bolster the experience, making for an exciting journey across a fascinating world. Yet for all of its towering ambitions and big, new changes, the parts of the game that have stuck with me are those more personal moments between four friends who truly love each other. I spent nearly 40 hours saving the world, but what really made me tear up was, near the end of the journey, stumbling across a goofy selfie.
FFXV puts you in the role of Noctis, a sullen 20-year-old prince who looks ripped out of a Japanese RPG playbook, complete with the ability to wield both magic and huge swords, and an inability to come to grips with the heavy responsibilities of adulthood. Early on, he sets out to a nearby city to marry his childhood friend Lady Lunafreya. He's joined by three friends: gruff bodyguard Gladiolus, stiff and serious guardian Ignis, and the goofy-yet-troubled Prompto. The four dress entirely in black and look every part the boy band. Even when they spend the night camping in the wilderness, their hair still looks perfect.
At its heart the game is a road trip story about best friends, a car, the open road — doused in Final Fantasy-style. The quartet drive perhaps the most luxurious car possible, while traveling long highways dotted with small towns and lots of charming little diners. When they head off road and walk through the wilderness, they encounter all manner of monstrous beasts to battle. They listen to the radio, but you, the player, have the option to put on classic FF soundtracks.
Of course, true to JRPG tradition, a modest journey rapidly spirals into something grander, with setting the squad on a path to rescue the world from an imminent darkness.
At its heart the game is a road trip story
FFXV reminds me a lot of Final Fantasy VII, a game which marked the series' ascent to true blockbuster status. Like that game, FFXV feels like a collection of contradictions that, despite themselves, gel into a cohesive whole. It's a lavish spectacle that loves to focus on the mundane; a deeply serious story of love, loss, and friendship that's also incredibly silly at times; a fantasy realm filled with elements ripped from science fiction and modern-day life; and a celebration of blatant stereotypical JRPG character types, yet the core cast grows beyond their tropes into personalities that feel like real people with real emotions.
For all of its tonal similarities to past entries, FFXV is a vastly different experience to actually play. Whereas traditional JRPGs tend to be linear affairs, from its earliest moments FFXV offers a huge world to explore at your leisure. Though nowhere near as dynamic or dense as games like Grand Theft Auto or Assassin's Creed, the space instills a similar sense of freedom and awe. Here's a huge world where you can go just about anywhere.
You'll no longer need to grind your way through countless random battles to upgrade your heroes' skills; instead you can take on many different side quests that send you exploring various corners of the world, which will help you earn new abilities, gear, and cash. Quests vary in quality. For every thrilling adventure, there are multiple tedious fetch quests that simply have you running from one place to another in order to collect and deliver an item. One particularly egregious mission had me staring at the ground for a good 40 minutes searching for five red frogs on a beach, calling to mind the low points of massively multiplayer online games of the early 2000s. Luckily, you're free to skip the more bothersome side missions, as FFXV isn't a game that forces you to do a lot of extra grinding in order to succeed through the main storyline.
FFXV does away with the concept of random and turn-based battles, the menu-based combat system familiar to anyone who's played previous Final Fantasy games. You only control Noctis — his buddies act on their own, except when you pull off special “teamwork” attacks. He attacks in real time, and his ability to perform rapid-fire combos and warp around the battlefield makes battles feel fast and fluid. They also look incredible: summoning powerful monsters and casting magical spells will result in gloriously outlandish visual effects. You can still essentially pause the game in order to do things like use a healing item, but for the most part, battles in FFXV feel like something out of an action game. You can even dodge and block attacks.
The changes are largely refreshing, but come with rough edges and inconsistent rules. While combat is faster and more satisfying, it can also get confusing and messy, especially when you're fighting huge groups of enemies or especially massive bosses. When you're warping around, attacking dozens of foes, the camera rarely tracks you properly, making it a chore to see what's going on around you. The only way I was able to survive some of the bigger battles, where I couldn't see what was happening, was by using the lock-on ability and hoping for the best.
There are some rough edges and inconsistent rules
The visual language of the game's world, meanwhile, can be inconsistent. Some of the time you'll be able to jump on objects or sneak through gaps to reach new areas. But in other places, you can't. The game never makes it clear when or why you can interact with some areas and not others, even when they look near identical. It can make finding your way out of maze-like areas incredibly frustrating. At its lowest moments, the world feels lifeless, a series of interesting locations surrounded by virtually empty space. If you choose to venture out on foot instead of by car, the tedium weighs on you like a fat chocobo.
FFXV makes a lot of changes, but one of my favorites revolves around the game's structure. While the world is largely open to you early on, toward the conclusion, events funnel your gang into a more linear experience. This decision solves one of the big narrative problems with open-world games, where you're on a quest to save the world yet can take time to complete inconsequential side-quests or just aimlessly explore. But in FFXV, when things get serious, you can't squander time — the campaign suddenly and confidently demands your focus. It's a bold and refreshing change that helps make the game's final moments feel as intense and powerful as they should. (Thankfully, when you finish the game, you're free to venture back into the open world to do anything you might have left unfinished or unexplored.)
And FFXV earns its emotional final act by doing an exceptional job of honing in on the more personal moments with its cast, the ones that will make you truly care about your companions. There are ancient kings, powerful gods, and prophecies of a hero of light, but the story shines in smaller, more relatable moments.
The story shines in smaller, more relatable moments
For example, Prompto is a budding photographer, and every evening you can check out the pictures he's captured. Some are posed group shots, others candid snaps of nothing in particular. Prompto takes a lot of selfies, displaying his trademark goofy grin. As you flit through the camera roll, your friends comment on the pictures; Noctis might mention how good he looks in a closeup, while Gladiolus will reminisce about the battle that resulted in a cool action shot. By the end of the game you'll have amassed a treasure trove of meaningful memories filled with everything from camping trips to giant monster encounters.
Similarly, Ignis is an accomplished chef, and when the group goes camping for the night — which you'll need to do when there's no nearby hotel to stay in — he whips up a tasty meal. He'll learn new recipes over the course of the game and you can gather ingredients for him to try. Sometimes, after a battle with a wild beast, he'll exclaim “I've come up with a new recipe!” and use some of the meat in a dish. All of the meals are rendered with a startling attention to detail, even though they serve little gameplay purpose other than a few slight stat boosts. This focus on the mundane aspects of the quest keeps it and the group grounded. These aren't just guys who are fighting together to save the world. They eat together and joke around. They cry together. Each has a favorite food and a special talent that helps define them.
Thanks to a series of missteps and huge gaps between new games, Final Fantasy is no longer the iconic name it once was. That pressure is a lot for any game to deal with, let alone one with the long and troubled development history of FFXV. Yet the game not only manages to deliver exactly what you'd expect from a great FF experience — an epic quest, memorable characters, a beautiful world to explore, stunning visuals, and soundtrack — but goes a step further.
This is a Final Fantasy that merges the decade of progress established by its contemporaries with the series' iconic blend of storytelling, art, and music. And more than any game in the series before it, FFXV feels personal, creating the kinds of connections with fictional characters that few games manage. I may forget parts of the story, the hows and whys of the grand adventure, but I won't forget those intimate moments. It's a journey where the characters grow in more than just stats.
As I approached the end of the game, I dreaded the final confrontation, knowing that after the credits rolled my time with these characters would come to an end. I'm just happy I have all of these photos to remind me of the good times.
Final Fantasy XV will be available November 29th on PS4 and Xbox One
By David Amoruso
Prison escapes always manage to capture the public's attention. There is something about criminals using their brain and brawn to break out of a guarded fortress built to keep them locked in. Author John DuMond wrote two books about prison breaks and knows exactly how these mobsters, hitmen, serial killers, and one rich drug lord did it and which break outs were the most brazen, most professional, and which one was just plain dumb.
“Prison breaks are, at their core, stories of adventure,” DuMond tells Gangsters Inc. “You have desperate individuals willing to attempt a daunting task – breaking out of a place designed to keep them in – and able to leverage every ounce of their ingenuity to make it happen. Most inmates never make even a half-hearted attempt to break out, but some of those who do are quite clever. It never ceases to amaze me how ingenious some of these guys are.”
His amazement led him to write two books about prison breaks - Under the Wall: The True Story of the 1945 Tunnel Escape from Eastern State Penitentiary and Over the Wall: The True Story of the 1947 Escape from Holmesburg Prison.
Over the Wall, his most recent book, is a true crime short story, DuMond says. “It tells the tale of the 1947 escape from Holmesburg Prison in Philadelphia. Five inmates climbed over the outer wall and made a mad dash for freedom.”
The idea for the book occurred while DuMond was researching his previous book titled Under the Wall. DuMond: “I came upon the fact that four of the Eastern State escapees attempted another escape not two years later. As I dug into the details of that second escape, I realized that it was just as interesting as their 1945 prison break.”
Both books are currently available as an e-book on Amazon. It's exclusive to Amazon for the time being, so it can be borrowed by Kindle Unlimited subscribers.
The Escapes: From Brazen to sophisticated to plain dumb
When it comes to breaking out of prison, there are countless ways to plan it, to try it. However, most penitentiaries offer scant opportunities. These buildings were created to keep people in. To keep dangerous men and women away from society. Therefore, when inmates do manage to escape, we love hearing about how they managed to do it.
These breakouts range from the successful to the failed. From brazen to plain dumb. But each one shows a sign of brainpower behind it. “There are so many examples to choose from,” DuMond says. “But if I had to pick the most brazen attempt, I'd go with serial killer Robert Garrow's 1978 escape from Fishkill Correctional Facility in New York. Garrow's son smuggled in a gun hidden in a bucket of fried chicken during a visit to the prison. One night, Garrow took the gun, ran for the outer fence, climbed over and disappeared into the woods near the prison. Pretty impressive feat for a guy who'd been confined to a wheelchair for five years. Needless to say, he'd been faking his paralysis for the entire time. Garrow was eventually cornered in the woods by corrections officers and state police. He died after a brief shootout.”
When it comes to the most sophisticated escape, DuMond puts his money on the 1945 Eastern State escape. “These guys dug a 100-foot tunnel fifteen feet below the ground,” DuMond explains. “They had to build a framework to prevent cave-ins, they had to run electricity into the tunnel to provide light, and they had to discard a whole lot of dirt without being noticed by the guards. Not to mention fashioning digging tools out of stolen spoons and tin can top. It took them over a year to construct, and they managed to do it with little or no outside help.”
Escape via underground tunnel, hmm, that reminds us of a very recent breakout, no? Mexican drug lord Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman (right) managed to flee from his maximum-security prison cell via a similar construction.
But unlike the guys in 1945, Guzman had a massive organization to assist him, DuMond is quick to point out. “As head of the Sinaloa drug cartel, he had the kind of resources most would-be escapees can only dream of,” he says. “The tunnel he escaped through was twice as deep as the Eastern State tunnel, and was almost a mile long. Of course, he could afford to pay professionals to tunnel in from the outside, rather than trying to tunnel out from the inside using improvised tools.”
Despite his grand escape, “El Chapo” still made plenty of foul ups along the way. “Guzman, like most escapees, didn't have a good long term plan,” DuMond says. “He still wanted to run his business while on the run. That meant he'd have to maintain communications with members of his organization. He also met with American actor Sean Penn and Mexican actress Kate Del Castillo. Doing things like that leave trails for the police to follow, which they did. Now he is languishing in a Mexican prison awaiting the outcome of extradition efforts by the U.S. while his former drug empire falls apart.”
Wiseguys breaking out of the can, back into “the life”
The Mexican drug cartels undoubtedly have the biggest means to execute a prison break, but what about the American Mafia? In its heyday, they were “bigger than US Steel.” Any mobsters who managed to flee the can?
“Mob associate Fred Tenuto escaped from prison three times,” DuMond offers. “He was one of the Eastern State ‘tunnel rats,' as well as being one of the five that escaped from Holmesburg in 1947 by going over the wall with ladders stolen from the prison power plant. He was the only one of the five who was never captured. There was a rumor that he went to work for Albert Anastasia, of Murder, Inc. fame. He disappeared not long after his fellow escapee Willie Sutton was arrested in Brooklyn in 1952.”
DuMond: “According to mob turncoat Joe Valachi, on Anastasia's orders, Tenuto killed the guy who tipped off the cops to Sutton's whereabouts. I'm inclined to believe that Tenuto pulled the trigger, but I've always had my doubts about Anastasia's involvement in that murder. Since Valachi worked for Vito Genovese – a rival of Anastasia's, who was likely behind his 1957 murder – I'm inclined to take anything Valachi says about this particular subject with a grain (or ten) of salt,” DuMond smiles.
“There was also Joe Sullivan,” DuMond continues. “In 1971, he became the first person to escape from Attica Correctional facility in New York. He built a makeshift ladder out of stole pipes and climbed over the wall while some of the other inmates distracted the guards. He was captured a few weeks later.”
Prison, however, did not make Sullivan (photo above) a changed man, as the saying goes. “After he was paroled, Sullivan went to work as a hit man for the Genovese Family in New York,” DuMond says. “He was a suspect in the murder of Irish mob boss Mickey Spillane in 1977. He was eventually convicted of the 1981 murder of Teamsters official Tom Fiorino in Rochester, NY, as well as two other murders.”
Now aged 77, Sullivan is incarcerated in New York's Fishkill Correctional Facility. “He's eligible for parole in 2069. I guess it's safe to say his prison breaking days are behind him, but I guess you can never be sure,” DuMond jokes.
When discussing prison breaks, a joke or two are never far away. There frequently is humor behind these escapades. Especially when talking about the dumbest attempts.
“There was a guy in Brazil who had his girlfriend smuggle in some women's clothes and a wig during a visit,” DuMond laughs. “He put them on in the bathroom and tried to sneak out with the visitors. The guards noticed that one of the women seemed to be having trouble walking in high heels, so they stopped her for questioning. The ruse came unraveled at that point. I guess the object lesson is to never underestimate the importance of having the proper footwear.”
Get the latest on organized crime and the Mafia at Gangsters Inc.'s news section.
Follow Gangsters Inc. on Twitter and Facebook
If you enjoyed this article you might also enjoy reading:
Copyright © Gangsters Inc.
After the war, Bockscar returned to the United States in November 1945. In September 1946, it was given to the National Museum of the United States Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base , Ohio . The aircraft was flown to the Museum on 26 September 1961, and its original markings were restored ( nose art was added after the mission). [1] Bockscar is now on permanent display at the National Museum of the United States Air Force, Dayton , Ohio, next to a replica of a Fat Man.
Bockscar was used in 13 training and practice missions from Tinian , and three combat missions in which it dropped pumpkin bombs on industrial targets in Japan. On 9 August 1945, Bockscar , piloted by the 393d Bombardment Squadron's commander, Major Charles W. Sweeney , dropped a Fat Man nuclear bomb with a blast yield equivalent to 21 kilotons of TNT over the city of Nagasaki . About 44% of the city was destroyed; 35,000 people were killed and 60,000 injured.
Bockscar was used in 13 training and practice missions from Tinian, and three combat missions in which it dropped pumpkin bombs on industrial targets in Japan, in which Bock's crew bombed Niihama and Musashino , and First Lieutenant Charles Donald Albury and crew C-15 bombed Koromo .
Silverplate involved extensive modifications to the B-29 to carry nuclear weapons. The bomb bay doors and the fuselage section between the bomb bays were removed to create a single 33-foot (10 m) bomb bay. British suspensions and bracing were attached for both shape types, with the gun-type suspension anchored in the aft bomb bay and the implosion type mounted in the forward bay. Weight reduction was also accomplished by removal of gun turrets and armor plating . These B-29s also had an improved engine, the R-3350-41 . The Silverplate aircraft represented a significant increase in performance over the standard variants.
Mission and crew Edit
Bockscar was flown on 9 August 1945, by the crew of another B-29, The Great Artiste, and piloted by Major Charles W. Sweeney, commander of the 393d Bombardment Squadron. The plane was co-piloted by First Lieutenant Charles Donald Albury, the normal aircraft commander of Crew C-15.[7] The Great Artiste was designated as the observation, instrumentation support plane for the second mission, and another B-29, The Big Stink, flown by Group Operations Officer Major James I. Hopkins, Jr., as the photographic aircraft. The mission had as its primary target the city of Kokura, where the Kokura Arsenal was located. Its secondary target was Nagasaki, where two large Mitsubishi armament plants were located.
Bockscar had been flown by Sweeney and crew C-15 in three test drop rehearsals of inert Fat Man assemblies in the eight days leading up to the second mission, including the final rehearsal the day before. The Great Artiste, which was the assigned aircraft of the crew with whom Sweeney most often flew, had been designated in preliminary planning to drop the second bomb, but the aircraft had been fitted with observation instruments for the Hiroshima mission. Moving the instrumentation from The Great Artiste to Bockscar would have been a complex and time-consuming process, and when the second atomic bomb mission was moved up from 11 August to 9 August because of adverse weather forecasts, the crews of The Great Artiste and Bockscar instead exchanged aircraft. The result was that the bomb was carried by Bockscar but flown by the crew C-15 of The Great Artiste.[10]
Kokura and Nagasaki Edit
During pre-flight inspection of Bockscar, the flight engineer notified Sweeney that an inoperative fuel transfer pump made it impossible to use 640 US gallons (2,400 l; 530 imp gal) of fuel carried in a reserve tank. This fuel would still have to be carried all the way to Japan and back, consuming still more fuel. Replacing the pump would take hours; moving the Fat Man to another aircraft might take just as long and was dangerous as well, as the bomb was live. Group Commander Colonel Paul Tibbets and Sweeney therefore elected to have Bockscar continue the mission.[12]
Bockscar Preserved Tinian "bomb pit #2", where Fat Man was loaded aboard
Bockscar took off from Tinian's North Field at 03:49. The mission profile directed the B-29s to fly individually to the rendezvous point, changed because of bad weather from Iwo Jima to Yakushima Island, and at 17,000 feet (5,200 m) cruising altitude instead of the customary 9,000 feet (2,700 m), increasing fuel consumption. Bockscar began its climb to the 30,000 feet (9,100 m) bombing altitude a half hour before rendezvous. Before the mission, Tibbets had warned Sweeney to take no more than fifteen minutes at the rendezvous before proceeding to the target. Bockscar reached the rendezvous point and assembled with The Great Artiste, but after circling for some time, The Big Stink failed to appear. As they orbited Yakushima, the weather planes Enola Gay and Laggin' Dragon reported both Kokura and Nagasaki within the accepted parameters for the required visual attack.
Though ordered not to circle longer than fifteen minutes, Sweeney continued to wait for The Big Stink, at the urging of Commander Frederick Ashworth, the plane's weaponeer, who was in command of the mission. After exceeding the original departure time limit by a half hour, Bockscar, accompanied by The Great Artiste, proceeded to Kokura, thirty minutes away. The delay at the rendezvous had resulted in clouds and drifting smoke from fires started by a major firebombing raid by 224 B-29s on nearby Yahata the previous day[17] covering 70% of the area over Kokura, obscuring the aiming point. Three bomb runs were made over the next 50 minutes, burning fuel and exposing the aircraft repeatedly to the heavy defenses of Yahata, but the bombardier was unable to drop visually. By the time of the third bomb run, Japanese anti-aircraft fire was getting close, and Second Lieutenant Jacob Beser, who was monitoring Japanese communications, reported activity on the Japanese fighter direction radio bands.
The mushroom cloud as seen from one of the B-29s on the mission
The increasingly critical fuel shortage resulted in the decision by Sweeney and Ashworth to reduce power to conserve fuel and divert to the secondary target, Nagasaki. The approach to Nagasaki twenty minutes later indicated that the heart of the city's downtown was also covered by dense cloud. Ashworth decided to bomb Nagasaki using radar, but, according to Bockscar's bombardier, Captain Kermit Beahan, a small opening in the clouds at the end of the three-minute bomb run permitted him to identify target features. Bockscar visually dropped the Fat Man at 10:58 local time. It exploded 43 seconds later with a blast yield equivalent to 21 kilotons of TNT at an altitude of 1,650 feet (500 m), approximately 1.5 miles (2.4 km) northwest of the planned aiming point, resulting in the destruction of 44% of the city.
The failure to drop the Fat Man at the precise bomb aim point caused the atomic blast to be confined to the Urakami Valley. As a consequence, a major portion of the city was protected by the intervening hills, but even so, the bomb was dropped over the city's industrial valley midway between the Mitsubishi Steel and Arms Works in the south and the Mitsubishi-Urakami Ordnance Works in the north. An estimated 35,000 people were killed and 60,000 injured during the bombing at Nagasaki. Of those killed, 23,200–28,200 were Japanese munitions workers, 2,000 were Korean slave laborers, and 150 were Japanese soldiers.[21][22][23]
Landing and debriefing Edit
Because of the delays in the mission and the inoperative fuel transfer pump, the B-29 did not have sufficient fuel to reach the emergency landing field at Iwo Jima, so Sweeney flew the aircraft to Okinawa. Arriving there, he circled for 20 minutes trying to contact the control tower for landing clearance, finally concluding that his radio was faulty. Critically low on fuel, Bockscar barely made it to the runway at Yontan Airfield on Okinawa. With only enough fuel for one landing attempt, Sweeney and Albury brought Bockscar in at 150 miles per hour (240 km/h) instead of the normal 120 miles per hour (190 km/h), firing distress flares to alert the field of the uncleared landing. The number two engine died from fuel starvation as Bockscar began its final approach. Touching the runway hard, the heavy B-29 slewed left and towards a row of parked B-24 bombers before the pilots managed to regain control. The B-29's reversible propellers were insufficient to slow the aircraft adequately, and with both pilots standing on the brakes, Bockscar made a swerving 90-degree turn at the end of the runway to avoid running off the runway. A second engine died from fuel exhaustion by the time the plane came to a stop. The flight engineer later measured fuel in the tanks and concluded that less than five minutes total remained.
Following the mission, there was confusion over the identification of the plane. The first eyewitness account by war correspondent William L. Laurence of The New York Times, who accompanied the mission aboard the aircraft piloted by Bock, reported that Sweeney was leading the mission in The Great Artiste. However, he also noted its "Victor" number as 77, which was that of Bockscar, writing that several personnel commented that 77 was also the jersey number of the football player Red Grange.[25] Laurence had interviewed Sweeney and his crew in depth and was aware that they referred to their airplane as The Great Artiste. Except for Enola Gay, none of the 393d's B-29s had yet had names painted on the noses, a fact which Laurence himself noted in his account, and unaware of the switch in aircraft, Laurence assumed Victor 77 was The Great Artiste. In fact, The Great Artiste was Victor 89.
Gabrielle Aplin knows what it's like to make it to the top — and she's completely unfazed at the thought of trying it all over again on another continent.
The 21-year-old British folk singer already made a name for herself when her single “The Power of Love” topped the iTunes chart in the U.K. and Australia, but it's a name Americans aren't familiar with… yet.
As Aplin kicks off her first U.S. tour, she's still as unassuming and down-to-earth as her YouTube persona suggests, which caught the attention of Parlophone Records in 2012. Since then, she's gained international recognition, but she's still pleased — and even a little surprised — to find fans outside NYC's Studio at Webster Hall, waiting to catch a selfie with her as she heads in for a sound check hours before the show.
“I haven't met any fans in the U.S. apart from the New York fans so far,” Aplin said. “But these fans all came from the same place — they've been there since the beginning.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
After a day of interviews, picking out a pair of vintage boots, a veggie lunch in Union Square, and an acoustic performance, the singer-songwriter had her first U.S. show in front of a crowd of about 250 people. It's the type of space that Aplin performed at two or three years ago back in the U.K., she said.
“It was just nice to go down and see a small little room, and be like, ‘Wow, I'm here to actually work, this isn't handed to me on a plate,'” Aplin said. “It's exciting that it's starting again — it's quite nostalgic and quite humbling, I suppose.”
Aplin's sound has been described as soft and breathless, but it's powerful, too. Whether singing with an acoustic guitar or backed by a full band, her voice and quirky personality resonate.
Looking forward, Aplin — who stayed to talk with fans after the Webster Hall show despite having woken up at 5:30 a.m. — is focused on connecting with her listeners.
“I think it's nice to work and then have success,” Aplin said. “I think it's all about the people who listen to your music, and loving playing and writing. Once you've got those two and they're your main two priorities, then radio and TV and all the other stuff that comes with it will come. But that's not the be-all end-all.”
Aplin's EP, English Rain, is out now.
Write to Diane Tsai at diane.tsai@time.com.
Russian President Vladimir Putin was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize by an advocacy group that credits him with bringing about a peaceful resolution to the Syrian-U.S. dispute over chemical weapons.
The Russian advocacy group International Academy of Spiritual Unity and Cooperation of Peoples of the World nominated Mr. Putin, characterizing his forged agreement with Syrian President Bashar Assad — to turn over admitted chemical weapons cache to international authorities — a world-class and prize-worthy piece of diplomacy, United Press International reported.
The group also took a dig at the United States.
While announcing the nomination during a press conference in Moscow, group officials said Mr. Putin deserved the Peace Prize much more than President Obama, who won the recognition in 2009.
“Barack Obama is the man who has initiated and approved the United States' aggressive actions in Iraq and Afghanistan. Now he is preparing for an invasion into Syria. He bears this title nevertheless,” said Iosif Kobzon, a member of the State Duma, UPI reported.
Conversely, he said, Mr. Putin tries a more peaceful approach.
SEE ALSO: Bill Clinton on Vladimir Putin: He can be trusted
“Our president, who tries to stop the bloodshed and who tries to help the conflict situation with political dialogue is, in my view, more worthy of this high title,” he said, adding that Mr. Putin steadfastly has opposed military intervention in Syria for the entire 2½ years the conflict has waged there.
Mr. Putin, however, does have a footprint in Syria. He's Mr. Assad's staunch ally and has sold and provided weapons to the Syrian regime — against the wishes of the West. Critics of the nomination also say Mr. Putin has led the Russian delegation at the U.N. Security Council into blocking international intervention in Syria that could have prevented the deaths of 100,000-plus civilians.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Man Caught with Assault Rifle in California Fails to Dismiss Charges
Unfamiliar with laws in different states could lead to unpredictable convictions
By Viviane Fairbank, Staff Writer
The motion to dismiss charges against Kody Kinzie-Zinn failed yesterday (May 7), leaving him to face a lengthy trial and sentencing of up to 15 years in prison in Kern County, Calif.
Kinzie says his mistake was failure to familiarize himself with California laws before entering the state. It cost him three felonies and two mis-demeanour charges.
Sheriff's deputies arrested the Oregon native in Kern County on Christmas Eve, 2011, as he was driving back to his native town of Ashland, Ore., from Los Angeles. They confiscated 34 items from his car, including an M4 Carbine – the item costing Kinzie his potential 15-year sentence.
While assault rifles are legal in Oregon, where Kinzie bought the weapon, they are illegal in the neighbouring state of California.
In his call for donations on the website Fundrazr, in hopes of raising money for a private defence lawyer, Kinzie said, “I now clearly realize how stupid it was, but although I was intimately aware of (and in compliance with) Oregon gun laws, it just honestly never occurred to me they'd be so different state-to-state.”
Kinzie's car, a den for his compulsive collection of “interesting things,” also contained a gas mask, a machete, a shotgun and what Kinzie calls “an imitation lightsaber letter opener.” These were seized along with other items and Kinzie's computer and camera, evidence which the police took to mean potential domestic terrorism, according to Kinzie's arrest report.
As a security guard working and living part-time in Los Angeles, Kinzie has been familiar with guns since the age of 18, and has taught several gun safety lessons, he says. After having a firearm stolen from him in 2008, Kinzie “resolved never to leave any firearm [he] owned unattended, be it in a vehicle or an apartment,” which is why he had his firearms locked in his car with him at all times, including the day of his arrest.
Kinzie was taken into custody, and given a bail of just under $80,000. Following the conditions of his bail, he has been living in California ever since, going through the proceedings of a court with constant interruptions.
Kinzie states in a YouTube video for Fundrazr, “I've had delay after delay in this whole process, but I'm getting to the point that I can't delay it any longer.”
After an unsuccessful stint with a first lawyer who “didn't do his job,” Kinzie has been on Fundrazr in an attempt to raise $20,000 toward a new attorney. For now, he has raised about $685, and he is working with a public defendant, facing the threat of conviction in a court that he describes as “very prosecution-friendly.”
Despite these setbacks, Kinzie says that many people on the social media site Reddit have helped him to become more involved with the trial proceedings, suggesting his use of Fundrazr and advising ways to get in touch with gun law organizations.
“I'm not very enthusiastic or hopeful about how it's going to come out,” said Kinzie in his video.
Though Kinzie has “good grounds for an appeal” on the failed motion, he says it will have to be made from within prison.
For those of you who aren't too thrilled about winter weather, I feel you. Secondly, though I know you'd love to you can't just hole up in your blanket fort and hibernate until spring, especially if you're in a relationship. If you have a long-time bae or are nurturing a budding relationship you realistically can't afford to sleep all winter, otherwise come spring you'll emerge from your cave with no one to love.
I know that going outside sucks. Driving in the winter somehow sucks even more. So, I've come up with a couple festive date ideas that involve minimal contact with the freezing outdoors.
1. Bar Trivia
Why go outside and play in the snow when you can stay inside an almost uncomfortably warm pub and drink!?
Form a team with other couples or with friends and head to a bar for trivia night. As it nears the holidays bars will have festive, holiday themed trivia nights which make the night even better! Order a beer with your bae and sing Christmas songs to annoy your competitors. I assure you this is an A+ strategy.
2. Coffee Dates
Maybe you're not a drinker or are just super hungover, but if you don't feel like having a beer or two or three you should head to your nearest coffee shop for a date. Order something hot and peppermint flavored and plop down for some good conversation. Bring a book and have a little reading shesh.
A lot of coffee shops have live music events, from acoustic performances to open mics. Make it a point to go to one of these events with bae and cozy up while the hipsters sing Islandic folk songs – or whatever else is trendy right now.
3. Spa Day
With the weather getting colder and colder your skin definitely needs a little bit of a break. So, drop some cash and go to a spa for the day with bae!
If you're tight on money because of the holidays – or because the economy sucks right now – take a trip to Target and create your own living room spa real quick. They have mud and sheet masks for around a dollar and endless bath stuff. Drop a couple bucks on some bubble bath and super moisturizing lotion and enjoy.
4. Hot Tub
If you're like me you want to limit your exposure to winter weather as much as physically possible. So you might be asking why I've included something that very well might take place outdoors… well, because it's warm.
When you're sitting in a hot tub during the winter you are the perfect balance of hot and cool. You're not suffocating because you're too hot because you have cool air hitting the parts of your body that aren't submerged! So find your nearest hot tub, run as fast as you can through the cold, and jump in.
5. Festive Blanket Fort
If you have no desire to leave your hibernation cave then this idea is perfect. Grab all your pillows and blankets and get building! String Christmas lights over and inside your fort to make it extra festive. I recommend making some hot chocolate – with or without peppermint schnapps – and queuing up a holiday movie on Netflix for full effect.
Don't celebrate any holidays? Or aren't religious? Well, Groundhog Day is the perfect solution.
Here are more ways to stay warm in the winter!
Karla Homolka, who murdered and raped three teen girls with her boyfriend Paul Bernardo in the early 1990s, has been seen volunteering at her children's elementary school in Montreal, according to City News.
Homolka, who along with Bernardo were known as the “Ken and Barbie” killers due to their clean-cut looks, struck a controversial plea deal in which her sentence was reduced to just 12 years. She claimed that Bernardo had abused her and forced her to murder their victims, which included Homolka's 16-year-old sister Tammy and the two teenage girls Leslie Mahaffy and Kristen French, but videotapes later uncovered of their crimes depicted Homolka as a more willing participant.
She was released in 2005, married her lawyer's brother, and was last seen living in Guadelupe with her three children to escape media coverage. Homolka is now reportedly volunteering at the private Christian school where her children go to school in the Notre-Dame-de-Grâce neighborhood of Montreal. Parents at the school have complained to the school principal and the school board, who were aware of Homolka's identity. A spokesman for the church said that Homolka “is not a regular volunteer, and can never be alone with any children, either in school or churches.
“How would you feel knowing that your child is interacting with a person who is a serial killer?” said one parent to the publication. “It's not right.”
Tony Robbins says everyone is capable of constant personal development. Courtesy of Tony Robbins.
Performance coach Tony Robbins has seven clients he works with on an individual basis, and each pay him $1 million annually. Tickets to his intensive seminars can run for a few thousand dollars, and participants get jam-packed days of group and personal training.
There are some aspects of Robbins' method for personal development, however, that don't require hours of discussions and introspection, and they don't cost anything, either.
Robbins shared some of this advice recently in a peek at his "Unleash the Power Within" event, a three-and-a-half day intensive course designed to give participants an action plan for overhauling their lives.
Robbins streamed over an hour of his talk in front of a sold out crowd in New Jersey's Prudential Center over Facebook Live, in which he broke down an annual, monthly, and daily exercise.
It's worth noting that while you may choose to spend money on the first two exercises, it's totally unnecessary. You can also immediately implement the exercises into your life.
Annually: Schedule at least two events or classes where you'll learn something
One of the primary reasons people attend Robbins' events is to develop habits that allow them to live in a state of constant personal and professional growth. It's why he recommends participating in a minimum of two events or classes that can foster this growth.
This is an opportunity for members of the audience to consider enrolling in another Robbins event, but examples for any budget or interest can include a free Codeacademy course to learn a programming language, Spanish classes, or joining a yoga practice.
Robbins' point is that you put them on your calendars as soon as possible, and once you finish one, you schedule another.
"When you talk about sh--, it's a dream. When you envision it, it's exciting. When you plan it, it's possible. When you schedule it, it's real," he said.
Monthly: Check in with a mentor
Robbins told the audience that he has three mentors he goes to for feedback. They're all around 20 years his senior, he said, and he respects each of them greatly.
"As much as I know to drive myself, you don't do brain surgery on yourself even if you're a great brain surgeon," he said.
He recommends finding one person in your life, or a few, whom you can check in with at least twice a month, to discuss progress toward your goals and debrief on successes and failures. What's crucial, Robbins said, is that your mentor or coach can be totally transparent with you, and never feels the need to skirt around the truth for the sake of your feelings.
Daily: 'Prime' yourself each morning
Robbins created a 10-minute daily exercise called "priming," based on techniques found in yoga and Buddhist mindfulness meditation.
1. Perform a breathing exercise (~1 minute)
Begin by sitting straight with your eyes closed. Inhale deeply through your nostrils while simultaneously lifting your arms in a shoulder press motion, and then exhale forcefully through your nostrils while bringing your arms back to your body, palms up. Perform the breaths in quick succession. Robbins does three sets of 30, with a brief break in between each set, but you can begin with three sets of 10 and work your way up. (Replace this with a slow, deep breathing exercise instead if you are pregnant or have breathing problems.)
2. Express gratitude (3 minutes)
Spend a minute each on three things you are grateful for. Relive them as moments.
3. Experience connection (3 minutes)
Imagine a light flowing in through your head and to the rest of your body, feeling as if the light is energizing and healing you. Let the light flow back up to your head and then flow outward to the rest of the world, imagining it reaching your loved ones as well as strangers.
4. Visualize success (3 minutes)
Spend a minute each imagining what it would feel like to accomplish three of your goals. Focus on how these accomplishments not only benefit you but allow you to help others.
You can watch the full Facebook Live look at Unleash the Power Within below.
