Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Lord Justice Gross expressed "grave concern" over secret trial
An unprecedented attempt to hold the first ever completely secret criminal trial in the UK has been blocked by the Court of Appeal.
Judges said that the "core" of the terrorism trial could be partly heard in secret but parts must be in public.
They said media also should be allowed to name the two defendants as Erol Incedal and Mounir Rarmoul-Bouhadjar.
Prosecutors said their unique application for a secret trial was in the interests of national security.
They had previously warned that they may have to abandon the prosecution if judges did not ban the press and the public from every part of the proceedings against the two defendants.
Until Thursday, the men were previously only known as AB and CD respectively.
In their decision, judges said that the trial of the two men was of an exceptional nature and the core of it must be held in private. But they added that they had "grave concerns" about the cumulative effect of anonymising defendants and holding the hearings in secret.
Image copyright other We express grave concern as to the cumulative effects of holding a criminal trial in camera and anonymising the defendants. We find it difficult to conceive of a situation where both departures from open justice will be justified. Lord Justice Gross
The judges said that the media and public would be allowed to attend the swearing-in of the jury, parts of the prosecution's introductory remarks setting out the case, the verdicts and, where there are convictions, the sentencing.
The court added that a small number of journalists could be allowed to attend the closed parts of the trial, subject to agreement relating to the confidentiality of the proceedings. Their notes would be securely stored until the end of the trial.
Mr Incedal and Mr Rarmoul-Bouhadjar were arrested in October 2013 in circumstances that were widely reported at the time. Mr Incedal is charged with preparing for acts of terrorism contrary to the Terrorism Act 2006 and a further allegation of collecting information useful to terrorism.
Mr Rarmoul-Bouhadjar is charged with collecting information useful to terrorism and possession of false identity documents.
Lord Justice Gross said: "Open justice is both a fundamental principle of the common law and a means of ensuring public confidence in our legal system.
"Exceptions are rare and must be justified on the facts. Any such exceptions must be necessary and proportionate. No more than the minimum departure from open justice will be countenanced."
He said that those exceptions could include withholding information on the basis of national security because that was "a national interest of the first importance".
"For the [secret intelligence] agencies to operate effectively, at least much of their work is secret and must remain so as a matter of necessity. From time to time, tensions between the principle of open justice and the needs of national security will be inevitable.
What can and can't be reported
Swearing in of the jury and reading the charges
Part of the judge's introductory remarks
Part of the prosecution opening speech
Verdicts and sentencing, if there are convictions
No reporting of "core of the trial"
Court may approve small number of journalists to witness in-camera hearings, but their notes will be kept at the end of each day
Court may review need for continued secrecy at the end of the trial
'Administration of justice'
The judge said that the court accepted the exceptional nature of the case against the two defendants and that there was a significant risk or "at the very least a serious possibility" that the Crown would have good reasons to halt the prosecution were the case to be heard in open court.
"In our judgment, as a matter of necessity, the core of the trial must be heard in camera [behind closed doors]."
"We are not persuaded, on the material before us, that there is a risk to the administration of justice warranting anonymisation of the defendants," he continued. "Nor do we think that, properly understood, the Crown's material supported that outcome, provided the bulk of the trial was in camera.
"We add only this. We express grave concern as to the cumulative effects of holding a criminal trial in camera and anonymising the defendants. We find it difficult to conceive of a situation where both departures from open justice will be justified. Suffice to say, we are not persuaded of any such justification in the present case."
A spokesman for the attorney general said the Crown Prosecution Service would abide by the court's decision.
"The measures applied for by the CPS in this case were, they believed, justified in order for the trial to proceed and for the defendants to hear the evidence against them while protecting national security," said the spokesman.
"We are pleased that the court recognised the strength of some of these arguments, and that the case can go ahead. The CPS has indicated it accepts the judgment of the court and will tailor its approach to the prosecution accordingly."
Isabella Sankey, director of policy for campaign group Liberty, said the judges' verdict was better than a "blacked-out trial", but criticised the court's "deference" to ministers' national security concerns.
She added: "Shutting the door on the core of a criminal trial is a dangerous departure from our democratic tradition."
But Lord Carlile, a former independent reviewer of terrorism legislation for the government, said it was "absolute nonsense" to suggest the justice system was under threat.
He said: "Most right-thinking members of the public would agree that if national security, particularly people's safety, is affected, then there may well have to be some parts of a trial held in secret."
This week marks a really important time for me – I finally finished the entire run of Battlestar Galactica, the newer series. It's a journey that my wife and I shared and after it concluded I was left with a lot of overwhelming feelings. I will sadly miss out on Galacticon this year, and my next chance to go won't be for five more years. Since the end of the series I've added a new life goal – meet Edward James Olmos before either of us leaves this Earth and speak to him face to face. I've got a lot of thoughts swelling in my head, and just in case something was to happen I've decided to sit down and write an open letter to this amazing man. The following is that letter.
Dear Dad,
Hello Mr. Olmos. My name is Raine, and while you don't know me, I've grown to know you over the past several months, or rather a side of you. I remember when I was younger hearing about the Battlestar Galactica series. I was fifteen when the first season of BSG aired, and sadly I admit that it was far from something I was interested in. It wasn't until late last year, 2012, that I really entertained the idea of checking out what the series had to offer. I did just that, and it's become one of the best things I've ever done.
I'm 24 years old now. I've a wife and son, and I'm still a kid at heart. I know you meet a lot of people, what with going to conventions and such, and it's easy to get lost in the sea of fans. That's why I am taking the time to write you this letter, and I just want to say one thing: thank you for being a father to me over the past months I've been with you aboard Galactica.
I was raised without a father. I lived most of my life raising myself, with the exception of what my grandparents did for me. I've grown up somewhat closed off, introverted, and into a man who believes you've got to always do what's right, even if it's not the “good” thing to do.
When I started watching the series I honestly was not prepared for what I was getting into. I learned of Adama, studied his ways, and found myself under his wing. I think anyone can agree that Battlestar Galactica was a very emotional series. Now I wouldn't call myself an overly emotional man by any means, but you completely broke me in that show. While I didn't grow up with a stable father figure in my life I did see one in my grandfather until he passed on. So I do know what it's like to associate oneself with that sort of thing. Watching you play Admiral William “Husker” Adama in that series brought me to a place I never thought I'd be – watching my own father in front of my eyes. When you cried, I cried. When you were angry, I was angry. It was a connection.
The worst of it all came during the last episode. You were riding in that Raptor, along with Roslin at your side. I knew it was going to happen, and it was just a matter of time, but when she passed on I was emotionless for a brief second. It wasn't until you looked over at her and started to cry that I lost it. It was like watching my father break down right in front of me. I can't really describe it as anything else, but I know that I'm not the only one who felt this way watching the series.
You had a lot of dialogue through the show, and while you're definitely a man who can get your emotions across with words it was the times you didn't speak that got me the most. To me you weren't just an actor playing a character – you were a man bringing a character to life. Honestly the times throughout the series where I did know something for sure were when you broke down without speaking, stared down one of your crew with anger, or eyed Baltar with disgust.
I know you're a busy man, and you must have a lot on your plate right now. I know you don't know me, but one day I'd like to think you will, even if it's just a simple hello. Watching Battlestar Galactica has left me with memories I will hold dear for the rest of my life, and I am glad I've gotten to know at least this side of the man that is Edward James Olmos, forever Admiral Adama.
I wish you the best in your future endeavors. Whether you think so or not, you were a great father. I know Lee was proud, and so was I. Thank you for taking me under your wing. If there's one thing I've learned from you it's that sometimes, just sometimes you've got to roll a hard six.
So say we all.
Sincerely,
Raine “Tank” Hutchens
Advertisements
Recent days have seen significant concern about an unassuming bill with an unassuming name: the "Federal Restricted Buildings and Grounds Improvement Act of 2011." The bill, H.R. 347, has been variously described as making the First Amendment illegal or criminalizing the Occupy protests.
The truth is more mundane, but the issues raised are still of major significance for the First Amendment.
It's important to note — contrary to some reports — that H.R. 347 doesn't create any new crimes, or directly apply to the Occupy protests. The bill slightly rewrites a short trespass law, originally passed in 1971 and amended a couple of times since, that covers areas subject to heightened Secret Service security measures.
These restricted areas include locations where individuals under Secret Service protection are temporarily located, and certain large special events like a presidential inauguration. They can also include large public events like the Super Bowl and the presidential nominating conventions (troublingly, the Department of Homeland Security has significant discretion in designating what qualifies as one of these special events).
The original statute, unchanged by H.R. 347,made certain conduct with respect to these restricted areas a crime, including simple trespass, actions in or near the restricted area that would "disrupt the orderly conduct of Government," and blocking the entrance or exit to the restricted area.
H.R. 347 did make one noteworthy change, which may make it easier for the Secret Service to overuse or misuse the statute to arrest lawful protesters.
Without getting too much into the weeds, most crimes require the government to prove a certain state of mind. Under the original language of the law, you had to act "willfully and knowingly" when committing the crime. In short, you had to know your conduct was illegal. Under H.R. 347, you will simply need to act "knowingly," which here would mean that you know you're in a restricted area, but not necessarily that you're committing a crime.
Any time the government lowers the intent requirement, it makes it easier for a prosecutor to prove her case, and it gives law enforcement more discretion when enforcing the law. To be sure, this is of concern to the ACLU. We will monitor the implementation of H.R. 347 for any abuse or misuse.
Also, while H.R. 347, on its own, is only of incremental importance, it could be misused as part of a larger move by the Secret Service and others to suppress lawful protest by relegating it to particular locations at a public event. These "free speech zones" are frequently used to target certain viewpoints or to keep protesters away from the cameras. Although H.R. 347 doesn't directly address free speech zones, it is part of the set of laws that make this conduct possible, and should be seen in this context.
Rest assured we'll be keeping an eye on how this law will be interpreted and used by law enforcement — especially in light of the coming elections.
UPDATE: The headline has been changed to provide some description of the bill.
Learn more about free speech: Sign up for breaking news alerts, follow us on Twitter, and like us on Facebook.
In June, Kim Hullett was ticketed — to the tune of $250 — after a Boulder Code Enforcement officer found that Hullet's bear-proof waste container had been left unlatched in the alley behind her north Boulder home.
Hullett fought the ticket and won in municipal court on Wednesday, in a decision that will force Boulder to rewrite a key subsection of its bear trash ordinance.
"If a container or enclosure is damaged, allowing access by wildlife, repairs must be made within 72 hours after written notification by any city official," the section in question reads, "or such other time designated in the notice by the city official."
But the officer, Cami Ricci, didn't offer any notice; Hullet was fined on the spot. She was frustrated by the fact that the latch on the can has been repeatedly broken during Western Disposal's hauling, as she caught on video.
Despite her best efforts to stay in compliance with an ordinance designed to keep bears out of town and away from Boulder residents — for the sake of human and bear safety alike — she was to pay for a violation her hauler prompted.
And on top of that, she explained to Judge Jeff Cahn on Wednesday, there was no written notification and no 72-hour window to allow for contact with Western Disposal regarding possible fixes to the recurring latch break.
Advertisement
"It's not the fault of the officer," Cahn said. "I, frankly, think it's just a drafting issue."
Boulder now requires that every property west of Broadway between the city's southern limits north to Sumac Avenue not only have bear-proof waste containment, but that those containers remain properly closed at all times. In June, the city said it would no longer give out warnings, as it did during the ordinance's rollout.
The message was clear: get in compliance, or face a fine scale that graduates to $1,000 by the third offense. If Boulder is going to take such a hard line on the matter, Cahn said, it's "incumbent upon the city" to draft an ordinance that can be understood through "common-sense reading."
According to Chris Reynolds, a prosecutor with the city attorney's office, Hullett is the first Boulder resident to contest a bear-related ticket. Rahn ordered his office to either do away with the problematic subsection, or redraft and clarify it.
"There are a lot of ordinances and the City Council has an interest in drafting clear ordinances, and we always welcome input," Reynolds said. "
Alex Burness: 303-473-1389, burnessa@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/alex_burness
Sports reporter Terry Frei is “no longer an employee of The Denver Post,” after tweeting a “disrespectful and unacceptable tweet,” according to a statement the newspaper released Monday.
The tweet in question followed a historic Indy 500 win by Japanese racer Takuma Sato, the first racer from an Asian country to win the race.
“Nothing specifically personal, but I am very uncomfortable with a Japanese driver winning the Indianapolis 500 during Memorial Day weekend,” Frei's tweet read.
ADVERTISEMENT
A backlash grew online, with Twitter users calling Frei's tweet racist. He deleted the message and in subsequent tweets apologized and said that his perspective was shaped by the fact that his father had flown unarmed missions over Japan in World War II and lost two teammates in the Battle of Okinawa.
“I apologize to Takuma Sato. I made a stupid reference, during an emotional weekend, to one of the nations that we fought in World War II,” he wrote in a statement posted on Twitter over Memorial Day weekend. “I'm sorry, I know better, and I'm angry at myself because there was not constructive purpose in saying it.”
@TFrei Definition of "sensitive" = being made very uncomfortable by a Japanese driver winning the Indy 500 because of a 70-year-old war. — Ryan Gray (@ryangraytwit) May 28, 2017
@TFrei Your right. Much would of rather seen a italian, British, or southern guy win it as opposed to someone the US has fought a war aganst — PFTCommenter (@PFTCommenter) May 28, 2017
Nothing specifically personal but @TFrei is an awful person. pic.twitter.com/AJjBgf6g33 — Ryan Eversley (@RyanEversley) May 29, 2017
Welcome back to Fantasy Firsts. Today we are sharing an interview with Aurealis and Ditmar Award-winning author Thoraiya Dyer about her debut novel Crossroads of Canopy. This highly-anticipated novel is set in a mythical rainforest controlled by living gods and will become available on January 31st. You can sneak a peek of it here!
Crossroads of Canopy is set in a giant, rainforest world, and you drew upon a lot of scientific research to imagine this realm. What was some cool facts about this environment you were excited to include in the book? Or, was there something you really wanted to mention but couldn't find the right spot for?
I was excited to include monsoonal weather patterns, aka the “big wet” in northern Australia.
In the temperate south of the continent, we have cold, rainy winters and hot, dry summers. However, in the tropical top end you get something like 75% of the annual rainfall dumped all at once in the summer (although they wouldn't necessarily call it summer; the locals observe something closer to a six-season cycle.) Between October and February, Darwin gets an average of 1267mm rain. Which is a pretty cool fact!
On a trip to Nepal, I remember using elephants to get across a river because the monsoon had just finished and jeeps were useless.
Yeah. Monsoons. Exciting!
What else. Gap-axe wood really is too hard to cut into without ruining your axe. Fish really can climb up waterfalls. Sandpaper fig leaves, while not to my knowledge recorded as being used for depilation, are pretty good for smoothing spears. Sun bears don't hibernate in the real world, but their appetite for honey and co-evolution with the tualang tree has produced in the latter a glassy, slippery trunk which prevents bears from climbing the trees and keeps the hosted giant honey bees, Apis dorsata, happy and safe.
As for things that didn't fit, when I first tried to convince my agent, Evan, that a rainforest setting would be a good idea for a fantasy novel, I'd just seen a brilliant exhibition at the Australian Museum on the Aztecs. The words “jaguars and sloth gods” may have flown excitedly from the keyboard.
I found a place in Canopy for jaguars and their souped-up versions, the chimera. Possibly sloths got a mention once or twice, but the sloth god itself got canned.
Sorry, sloth god.
Greek mythology has a subtle influence in this worldbuilding along, including Canopy possessing its own pantheon of gods and goddess. How did you decide on these thirteen deities and their specific ruling “specialties”?
In the Greek stories of Odysseus and Atalanta, which inspired many of my characters and their arcs, you find prominent mention of the following immortals: Artemis (wild animals), Aphrodite (love), Zeus (thunder, ruled the other gods), Rhea (mother of gods), Hermes (emissary, travel, trade), Helios (sun), Thetis (sea) and Poseidon (also the sea).
Because I wanted things to be cyclical with reincarnation, not linear with mother and father gods, Rhea was left out, and Zeus became a tamer, lightning-only type of god. Canopians didn't travel much outside the forest, so Hermes got cut. Canopians consider the sea to be practically mythical, so Poseidon didn't survive, either. That left wild animals, the sun, and a freshwater goddess of the monsoon.
Love was an interesting one. If you look at the religion of the Indus Valley civilization, which preceded Hinduism in Nepal, you find a mother goddess, a father god, deified animals and plants, indications of water worship, and giant stone genitalia.
No mention of love.
I combined love with the sun and kept it, because I was doing the compromise thing. If you look at the geographical half-way point between Nepal and Greece, you find Ishtar, the Babylonian goddess of fertility, love and war.
If you visit the Temple of Eshmun near Sidon, Lebanon, you find hundreds of marble statues of babies. Eshmun was a Phoenician god of healing. His origin story goes like this: He was born an eighth son in Beirut. As he grew into a young man, Ishtar/Astarte romantically pursued him, to the point where he fatally castrated himself with an axe. She then resurrected him and turned him into a god.
He was the patron deity of Sidon from about 500BC. If your child was sick, you'd have a stone replica carved and sent to the Temple in the hope that Eshmun would heal them. No matter where they are in space or time, no matter what they believe, people want to keep their children safe.
In Canopy, the god Odel, Protector of Children, holds a special place in my heart.
Many characters seem to leap from great heights in a death-defying way! How much climbing research (or hands-on experiences!) went into this book?
Here's where I confess that I suck at rock-climbing. Once, I abseiled with my uncle into this amazing cave system in Canada. We dropped down seventy metres into pitch blackness. Waited for pumps to evacuate water from “the birth canal” before squeezing through it. Endured waterfalls in the face and having to balance in foot-width, ice-cold watercourses to avoid touching and ruining the crystal-covered walls. All that was fine…but climbing back up? Ahahahaha! Talk to my stepson. He's good at that stuff. I'm an armchair Ninja Warrior.
My stepdaughter advised me to google the extreme climber known as the Monkey Man. So I'm confident in humankind's ability to do the things I described. Just not me personally. Although I have stripped off a bit of bark and inadvertently grabbed a spider before. So there's that.
The idea of one having a great destiny is what motivated Unar to start her adventure. Do you, too, believe we all have some sort of fate awaiting us?
I'm a scientist. I believe in statistical likelihoods. Which, I admit, can sometimes seem like destiny.
Crossroads of Canopy is your novel debut, but readers mostly know your award-winning short fiction. What are the challenges between writing short versus writing longform?
I think many years of writing short fantasy fiction made me not only succinct, but enamoured of the mysteriousness of my succinctness. One real challenge for me was to flesh things out in this manuscript. How did Unar and Aoun meet one another? In a short story that's not my problem! What are they wearing? They have insects and bark, you work it out! Except, no, here it's my job to make sure you smell the patchwork of pressed leaves, see Aoun sitting by the closed Gate of the Garden, and feel the silk as you stroll through the market.
If you could be a goddess from any mythology, who would you choose and why?
Artemis, for sure. I like deer and dogs and I wish I was better at archery.
Buy Crossroads of Canopy here:
Don't forget to follow Thoraiya Dyer on Twitter (@ThoraiyaDyer) or visit her website.
Update: The Class of 2015 has been announced. Story here.
Just being on the ice is what Nicklas Lidstrom cherished the most.
The seven Norris Trophies as the best defenceman of his era and four Stanley Cups as a cornerstone of the Detroit Red Wings make him a mortal lock to be elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame on Monday in his first year of eligibility.
Story continues below advertisement
But when Lidstrom looks back on his career, the 1,564 regular-season and 263 playoff games stand out.
"People are asking you how many games you played and how many you missed, and that's something I'm very proud of that I played in so many games," Lidstrom said in a phone interview from his home in Sweden. "I haven't missed many games."
Lidstrom, who will likely be joined in the class of 2015 by former Red Wings teammate Sergei Fedorov and fellow dominant defenceman Chris Pronger, never missed more than 12 games in a season. He never missed more than six until he was 41 years old.
Along the way, Lidstrom was the best. A rock on the Red Wings' blue line from his Calder Trophy-finalist rookie season in 1991-92 through 2011-12, he scored 264 goals and added 878 assists for 1,142 points.
Only five defencemen recorded more: Ray Bourque, Paul Coffey, Al MacInnis, Phil Housley and Larry Murphy. All but Housley are already enshrined in the Hall of Fame, and the American blue-line leader is another strong candidate.
Lidstrom never thought about the Hall of Fame when he was playing. He heard plenty of buzz last year when Peter Forsberg became the third Swedish player to be inducted and started considering it more then.
"What you're dreaming of (is) being on the ice when they're raising the Cup and being part of the celebration," Lidstrom said. "You're so focused on playing, and you want to win that next game and you want to win that Cup again."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Lidstrom called the first Cup in 1997 very special, and the Red Wings won it again in 1998. When they won in 2002, Lidstrom became the first European player to capture the Conn Smythe Trophy as playoff MVP.
His final championship in 2008 brought more history, as Lidstrom became the first European captain to hoist the Stanley Cup.
The 2002 Red Wings hold a special place in Lidstrom's memory because of how stacked they were. Beyond Detroit's multiple-Cup core of Lidstrom, captain Steve Yzerman, Fedorov and Igor Larionov, that team had Hall of Famers Brendan Shanahan, Luc Robitaille, Brett Hull, Chris Chelios and Dominik Hasek.
Lidstrom will be the seventh player from that team to make the Hall, and Fedorov the eighth.
"It really shows what great of a team we had back in '02 and what Scotty (Bowman) could accomplish with a group like that," Lidstrom said. "And we played as a team when it mattered, too."
A lot of that was Lidstrom, the stable presence on the blue line who earned praise from former defenceman Sergei Zubov as "one of the greatest athletes" he played against.
Story continues below advertisement
As much as Lidstrom prided himself on his durability and consistency, Zubov appreciated when Lidstrom couldn't be noticed because he rarely did anything wrong.
"He was invisible on the ice," Zubov said. "It's like he wasn't there. He played the most minutes, he was making simple plays, was making the right plays and he was making those plays for the team."
Fedorov's induction, whether now in his first chance or down the road, feels inevitable. Pronger is a slam dunk even though he is still under an NHL contract because bylaws state that he's eligible since he played his final game three full seasons ago.
Canadian women's star Danielle Goyette could also get the call after being inducted into the International Ice Hockey Hall of Fame and Canada's Sports Hall of Fame. Goyette won Olympic gold twice in three appearances and world championship gold eight times in nine tries, putting up 113 goals and 105 assists in 171 international games.
The late Pat Quinn is a candidate in the builder category after coaching two teams to the Cup final and Canada to Olympic gold in 2002 and world junior gold in 2009. When Quinn was posthumously named to the 2015 class of the Order of Hockey Canada, president and CEO Tom Renney made a case for Quinn, who also served as the Hockey Hall of Fame chairman.
"He gets us a gold medal in the Olympic games, he wins a gold medal with the world junior team," Renney said in February. "He puts all kinds of people in a safe place in the NHL and made stars out of a number of others as a coach, never mind as an administrator."
As investors go cuckoo for cryptocurrencies, the chairman of the US Securities and Exchange Commission is warning of the dangers associated with investing in virtual currencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and Litecoin.
SEC Chairman Jay Clayton said Monday that cryptocurrency and initial coin offerings (ICOs) hold substantially less investor protection than traditional securities markets, creating an environment ripe for scams and market manipulation. He urged investors to weigh those risks before making an investment.
"As with any other type of potential investment, if a promoter guarantees returns, if an opportunity sounds too good to be true, or if you are pressured to act quickly, please exercise extreme caution and be aware of the risk that your investment may be lost," Clayton said in a lengthy statement.
Clayton's comments come amid a historic rise in the valuation of bitcoin, thanks to growing interest with currency traders. Bitcoin traded as high as $17,370 per coin on Monday before settling back to $16,718 as of this writing, an increase of more than 1,600 percent since the beginning of the year.
Still, the cryptocurrency's lack of government backing and regulation has led to volatility. After crossing the $11,000 mark for the first time last month, the currency lost 20 percent of its value in one day.
As investor interest in cryptocurrencies has increased in recent months, so has SEC focus on stamping out scams aimed at bilking investors excited by the possibilities of cryptocurrency's financial and technological revolution. The SEC filed a lawsuit last week to freeze the assets of PlexCorps, a company that promised a 1,354 percent profit in just 29 days to those who participated in an ICO -- a sale of the digital assets central to the cryptocurrency technology.
Clayton cautioned investors that no ICOs have been registered with his agency and that it hasn't approved any listing and trading of exchange-traded products that hold cryptocurrency. "If any person today tells you otherwise, be especially wary," Clayton suggested.
The chairman noted that his agency has issued investor alerts, bulletins and statements in ICOs and cryptocurrencies and urged investors to read them. In 2014, the SEC issued an advisory cautioning investors to be wary because the cryptocurrency is uninsured, unregulated and volatile.
"If you choose to invest in these products, please ask questions and demand clear answers," Clayton wrote, including a list of suggested questions, including "Who exactly am I contracting with?" and "Where is my money going and what will be it be used for?"
iHate: CNET looks at how intolerance is taking over the internet.
Special Reports: CNET's in-depth features in one place.
48 Hours In Aix En Provence: The Perfect Spring Vacation by Alice Tate | 14 01 2015 Aix En Provence Alice Tate's 48 Hours In Aix En Provence
If you've overdone Paris or if crowds of couples holding hands and tying padlocks to bridges don't excite you, why not try out Aix-en-Provence for size? The Eurostar now runs direct to Marseille making it ever the more accessible. **
Aix En Provence
Thanks to the Eurostar's new route direct to Marseille from St. Pancras, Aix-en-Provence couldn't be easier to get to. If you're in the market for extending your weekend into something even more special, start it with night at the St Pancras Renaissance like I did, easily one of London's finest hotels and one I've been pining to get my forty winks in since its grand reopening in 2011. With bedroom windows that overlook the St Pancras tracks, you'd struggle to be closer to the train and it takes the hassle out of early departure times – you even get a breakfast bag to go for your journey. The rooms in the exclusive Chamber Suites are stunning with sky-high ceilings, giant velvet drapes at the windows and REN toiletries in the bathrooms (dreamy). Chamber Suite guests get various privileges including the ‘Bath Ritual', in which a butler comes to run the perfect bath, complete with a wooden tray with oils, scrubs and flannels – the ultimate aid to a good night's sleep.
It might be a bleary eyed early start the next morning but you'll be on the train and in Marseille before too long. A short transfer (30km) and you'll be at your destination, where you can bookend your journey with luxury at the Renaissance Aix-En-Provence. Newly built in January '14 in the city's arts and culture neighbourhood (a mere five minutes walk away from the town centre), the hotel is pristine, with everything from the manicured lawns to the spacious lobby, two restaurants and Cloud Nine-like bedrooms removed from so much as a speck of dirt. Inside it's creative and characterful with over 400 artworks from local contemporary artists. Loony lithographs feature next to each room number and downstairs in the lounging space via a grand spiral staircase, decorative birdcages dangle and wicker baskets hang from the ceiling, which I struggle to decide if are art installations or furniture. Upstairs, the 133 rooms are fresh and inviting with big wide windows, large mirrors, plush white bed linen and saturated orange highlights. The shower is giant and powerful, and the room is spacious enough for me to dance around my room to, embracing the nifty iPod dock.
Aix En Provence
After unpacking it's most definitely lunchtime and Bistroquet is just the spot. Hearty portions use fresh and local ingredients, and assuming its warm enough you can sit outside, watching local life occur. The risotto here is rich but satisfying, but if you're looking for something a little lighter, the seafood linguine is excellent. The waiter will bring your bill with a shot of Limoncello, which will be the perfect sweet finish if you forewent dessert.
Aix En Provence
40 water fountains pepper the historical city adding to its character and beauty, along with tree-lined streets, busy cafés on every corner, arts, craft and flower markets, delicious smelling bakeries and gourmet delicatessens. The colours here are beautiful (as expected, we are in Provence after all), with blue skies, terracotta roofs, chalky rainbow coloured buildings and leafy green trees. It comes as no surprise that Aix was of such interest to Paul Cezanne, who created many of his great works here. (If art is your thing, don't pass up a visit to Cezanne's studio on Lauves Hill, which remains exactly as it was, with many of his famous still life objects scattered around the room).
I visit in October but learn spring is even more stunning, with flowers and colours at their very best. Though compact the city has some lovely shops (Maje, Zara and Zadig & Voltaire included) and plenty of places to pick up mementos. It's worth ducking your head into the St Sauveur Cathedral to appreciate the stained glass windows and giant organ, and you can bet there'll be a wedding going on in the town hall square, set against the photographable 16th-century clock tower. Aix-en-Provence is a city that gets a lot of sunshine, couple that with the beautiful architecture, fine food and Provence countryside that surrounds it, and it comes as no surprise that Aix is popular for weddings.
Aix En Provence
Stop for a sit down with a coffee and a couple of Calissons (‘little hugs') — oval shaped iced almond sweets, that are the official sweet of Aix-en-Provence, featured throughout the city's rich history and even have their own festival. (If you find yourself particular fond of these sweet treats, you may want to take a trip to the Léonard Parli Calisson Factory, which is an interest stop and still very much in use.)
Back at the hotel, it's time for dinner at Le Clos. Now I'm the first person to turn my nose up at a hotel restaurant, especially when the standard of food is so high in the area, but Le Clos doesn't disappoint. It's an intimate 40-cover restaurant headed up by Michelin-star chef Jean-Marc Banzo. Course after course is unveiled from a theatrical silver cloche and just as I think we're done, another course is brought out. Of the seven courses and various amuse bouches I can remember (each one paired with a local wine probably have something to do with fuzzy memory), highlights include a bite-size truffle croque-monsieur, cep mushroom ice cream (sound vile, is spectacular), a sweet and salty Denti fish, and a chocolate sphere dessert with cocoa nib ice cream – by far the richest, most decadent dessert I've had. You'll sleep easy after all that…
Aix En Provence
The next morning, wake up early and get in a swim in the pool before anyone else has the same idea. Striking pearly grey tiles cover one wall of the 11m pool and a floor-to-ceiling window floods it with sunshine. A strong current in one direction makes swimming not only more fun but more of a workout too. Pound the treadmill if you fancy it before easing your muscles in the large and beautifully tiled hammam. If you've got time, book in for a Ymalia massage and be kneaded into a state of pure bliss in one of the spa's private massage rooms.
Shower, dress and head down to brunch, which starts at a leisurely 12pm here and is an event that will really need mental and physical preparation due to the sheer size of it. There are brunch buffets then there's this brunch buffet. I'm familiar with 5* breakfasts and I know how truly epic they can be but here, where no online write up or booking page highlights the brunch, it surprises and delights. There's everything from fried potatoes to savoury yoghurts, cheese platters, meats, elegant patisseries, fruits, nuts and more. I'm merrily offered rose wine, not something I usually have with brunch.
Aix En Provence
For memories a little different it's worth getting out of the city centre. Paul Cezanne's workshop as mentioned is a short 20-minute walk away from the city centre, and in a similar artistic vein in Saint-Remy de Provence, Maison de sante Saint-Paul de Mausole, the asylum where Vincent Van Gogh spent time in 1889 is an interesting stop, with many of his oil paintings on display and with a beautiful floral courtyard. Carrières de Lumières is a must-visit. Though sounding a little touristy and gimmicky, standing in giant limestone caves, excavated through quarrying, watching trompe d'oeil projections of Klimt artworks bounce across the walls and floor, to an eerie classical soundtrack, is like something you're unlikely to have done before and something you definitely won't forget – enchanting and mesmerising and easily a highlight of Aix.
Aix En Provence
If you're staying for longer, remember Nice, Avignon, Cassis and Marseilles are all manageable distances away, and all with beautiful journeys guaranteed along roads lined with olive groves and vineyards. If you're headed straight home, don't forget to pick up a little bottle of local wine and a few snacks to enjoy on the Eurostar, being appreciating how great it feels to be able to just stroll off the train and onto the tube at the other end – holidays have never been so simple.
Freedom 35! She's a decent plan, boys — and a Windsor ad agency helped make it happen for the crew from Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
Walkerville's
Shoutabout Creative Agency
was behind the brand design of
Freedom 35 Lager
: the new official beer of the Trailer Park Boys.
“We pitched the name, we did all the can design, and we did the design for the case as well,” said Dean Scott, who worked on the brand with creative partner Rick Santarossa.
Scott and Santarossa previously worked on the promotional campaign for the Trailer Park Boys' official spirit,
Liquormen's Ol' Dirty Canadian Whisky
The Trailer Park Boys commercial empire was so pleased by Shoutabout's efforts, that it enlisted Scott and Santarossa to develop the beer brand.
Scott said the idea for the name of the lager came from an episode in the second season of the television series: Freedom 35 was one of Julian and Ricky's questionable retirement plans,
involving selling hash to prison guards for big profits
Ironically, Scott said the goal was not to present Freedom 35 Lager as a wild, out-of-control product. “We wanted something that would be approachable. It's something to drink while watching the hockey game, or kicking back with friends, or eating pepperoni.”
Along with an image of the immortal trio — Ricky, Julian, and Bubbles — the silver cans carry a promise of “crisp, refreshing” beery goodness “from the heart of the park.”
“Don't let the liquor do the thinking!” the can advises.
As for the contents of the can, it's a five per cent alcohol lager with a light and malty taste, brewed in Guelph. Available now in 473-mL cans at your local LCBO.
An
official launch event
will be taking place on Thursday at the Queen's Quay LCBO in Toronto, with Ricky, Julian, Bubbles, and Shoutabout Creative Agency in attendance.
For Shoutabout, Freedom 35 Lager is the culmination of about six months of brand development. “We've been kind of waiting at the edge of our seat, waiting for it to come out,” Scott said.
“When I found out it was at the LCBO yesterday, I rushed out there immediately to go pick up a case.”
FLASHBACK=> New Black Panthers March with AR15s in Dallas Against F*cking Pigs (VIDEO)
In January 2015 the New Black Panthers marched with guns and chanted against “the f*cking pigs” in Dallas, Texas.
“No longer will we let the pigs slaughter our brothers and sisters and not say a damn thing about it.”
They wanted “justice” for robber Mike Brown.
The panthers are marching for justice for Mike Brown.
The Huey P. Newton Gun Club and New Black Panthers marched in Dallas against police violence.
The cadets chant, “I used to salute the fucking flag! Now I use it for a rag!”
The Free Thought Project reported:
Former Army Rangers and other citizens have donned their military attire and assault-rifles in response to police brutality. The Black panthers have organized a paramilitary group in Dallas which states its goal of “going into our communities and educating our people on federal, state, and local gun laws. We want to stop fratricide, genocide—all the ‘cides.” “A knife changes the whole game,” one of the ‘drill sergeants tells Vice.com as ‘troops' are training how to perform slash and stab maneuvers. The group is structured and behaves like a military outfit, only their cadences are slightly different. “I used to salute the fucking flag!” the cadets chant. “Now I use it for a rag!” as they run with weight bags and simulate knife fights with dull machetes.
Their vegan co-founder, Charles Goodson, 31, united five different local black and brown paramilitary organizations to form the Huey P. Newton Gun Club.
VICE.com has more on the revolutionary group.
Brad Friedman Byon 11/1/2010, 2:46pm PT
Late last week, AOL News asked me to contribute an op-ed for their Election Eve coverage. That op-ed, which they've headlined "Cast Your Ballot Against Electronic Voting", is now posted here...
The upshot of its argument: If Republicans are set to take over the U.S. House, as predicted, and if they've suddenly found religion in regard to the dangers of electronic voting, as they seem to be asserting in North Carolina, in Nevada and in Texas, then it'll soon be their turn to take legislative action to once and for all ban the horrific, anti-democratic (small "d"), 100% unverifiable Direct Recording Electronic (DRE, usually touch-screen) voting systems plaguing our nation before they are again used to pervert results of the 2012 Presidential Election --- just as they have every year since they've been introduced into our electoral system (by a majority Republican Congress, by the way, in 2002.)
Please check it out and leave some nice (or not so nice) comments there, as you see fit. Lot's of disinformed bumpkins seem to currently be weighing in. Please free to straighten them out. Politely.
* * *
Other pieces I've contributed elsewhere of late, in advance of tomorrow's election:
• For Salon: "The Faith-Based Vote"
• For Truthout: "Hacking Harry Reid (or, Sharron's Angle)"
* * *
Please support The BRAD BLOG's fiercely independent, award-winning coverage of your electoral system, as available from no other media outlet in the nation, with a donation to help us keep going (Snail mail, more options here). If you like, we'll send you some great, award-winning election integrity documentary films in return! Details right here...
We can now show you the planned cover artwork for the July WWE DVD and Blu-ray release – “United We Slam: The Best of Great American Bash“.
As you've heard previously, this 3 disc DVD and 2 disc Blu-Ray set hits stores across the United States on July 15th. It will compile match picks from Jim Crockett Promotions, WCW Great American Bash events, and the 2004-2009 WWE PPVs too.
The content listing for “United We Slam” has not yet come out but should be unveiled over the coming weeks here on WrestlingDVDNews.com. You can already pre-order a copy of the DVD or Blu-ray with Amazon by clicking here or by using the buttons below.
It is scheduled for release to the UK and Europe also in July, then looks to be following to the Australian market in early August. Stay tuned for more updates.
Linked to below are 15 “rare” WWF/WWE DVD auctions upcoming this week. Some stand-outs here include the double disc Rock Just Bring It DVD, WrestleMania 16-18 (two copies of WrestleMania 17), Survivor Series 2000, and Divas Tropical Pleasure. Happy bidding!
The WCW Greatest PPV Matches Vol. 1 DVD/Blu-ray was officially released today to fans in the UK and Europe. That's in stock now here at WWEDVD.co.uk, priced from £19.99.
Some of its content is shown in the promotional image below.
This time next week, Elimination Chamber 2014 will be released on Blu-ray in UK/Europe.
You may recall that this PPV event was only put on DVD format elsewhere. Below is a look at each of the Blu-ray exclusive segments on there, along with their runtimes too.
Blu-ray Exclusives
Monday Night Raw • January 27, 2014:
– Elimination Chamber Qualifying Match
John Cena, Daniel Bryan & Sheamus vs. The Shield (26:48)
SmackDown • January 31, 2014:
– The Shield Challenge the Wyatt Family (9:27)
Monday Night Raw • February 3, 2014:
– Batista and Alberto Del Rio Discuss Their Unfinished Business (05:21)
SmackDown • February 14, 2014:
– Fatal 4- Way Match for Intercontinental Championship #1 Contender
Mark Henry vs. Kofi Kingston vs. Rey Mysterio vs. Jack Swagger (11:52)
Monday Night Raw • February 17, 2014:
– Randy Orton Thanks Triple H For His Support (02:50)
Monday Night Raw • February 17, 2014:
Randy Orton vs. Sheamus (16:01)
SmackDown • February 21, 2014:
– Jimmy Uso vs. Road Dogg (04:59)
Irish Racing Leaders Concerned About What Effect Brexit Will Have On Industry
Just over one year ago, British citizens voted in favor of 'Brexit' – to leave the European Union. Thirteen months later, no one still really knows what effect Brexit will have, not only on Britain and Europe, but also on the rest of the world.
Members of Ireland's Thoroughbred industry are concerned that Brexit will hinder or prevent the movement of animals between the two countries, which would threaten both the racing and breeding sides of the industry. According to Horse Racing Ireland, Thoroughbred racing and breeding contributes over 1 billion euros to Ireland's economy each year.
Reuters reports that Ireland is “widely considered the EU member most at risk” from Brexit. Transporting horses between Britain and Ireland could become very difficult.
“Our fears are that if there are any trade barriers or any tax or tariffs on movement of horses between Ireland and England, that could have a detrimental effect,” Henry Beeby, chief Executive of Goffs said.
Irish trainers are worried that easily transporting horses to racetracks in England could become a thing of the past.
“In effect, we are twin industries, joined at the hip,” Horse Racing Ireland chief executive Brian Kavanagh told an Irish parliamentary committee on Brexit last month.
“Unlike many other Brexit-hit sectors, we simply cannot adapt our product to suit new markets. Royal Ascot, Cheltenham, Aintree and Epsom cannot be replicated in another country.”
Read more at AOL.com
New to the Paulick Report? Click here to sign up for our daily email newsletter to keep up on this and other stories happening in the Thoroughbred industry.
Copyright © 2019 Paulick Report.
Protesters affiliated with Occupy Wall Street demonstrate at Zuccotti Park in New York City.
Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images
In this week's New Yorker, James Surowiecki profiles a new startup that is either a threat to traditional bank lending or a modern form of indentured servitude. The year-old startup is called Upstart, and here's how it works.
You have very little money and you want to go to school or start a company, or even commit cash to something that is not necessarily a potential income generator. Instead of going to a bank or using a credit card, with a fixed rate, you borrow from Upstart, which in return for the loan takes a percentage of your future income over the next five or ten years. According to Upstart, the share you'll have to pay back will never exceed 7 percent of your income. There's also a floor, or minimum, such that if you don't earn enough in a given year, you pay nothing, but the year gets tacked on to the end of the loan's term.
The advantage of such “human-capital contracts,” as Surowiecki points out, is that most young Americans have fixed-payment debts, where you are compelled to pay back a set amount, irrespective of your income. The fixed-payment debt “puts a lot of pressure on people to take whatever job is available, discourages them from investing more in education.” Surowiecki sees the potential rise in Upstart-like arrangements as benign, particularly in a world where students already carry $1.2 trillion in student loan debt and Americans in their 20s owe an average of $45,000 to someone else.*
Kevin Roose, over at New York magazine, has a slightly less rosy view of the potential of such contracts: “There's no sign of a slowdown in the creation of new and innovative ways for people to commit themselves to sub-optimal economic conditions, possibly for the rest of their lives.” In short, Roose says, Upstart is “giving young people in the post-crash economy the chance to indenture themselves to patrons in the investor class.”
So is Upstart creepy or just a more humane way to loan money? The creepiness factor comes in because the relationship between lender and borrower is so personal. Forfeiting a portion of your future personal income feels very different than exchanging a piece of your company for an initial investment. To be sure, the idea of a more income-dependent, flexible method of borrowing and repaying is a good thing. Unlike, say, a credit card, the payments are for a set period based on actual earning potential, so there is more incentive for Upstart to loan what borrowers can actually afford to pay back.
But here also is the underlying problem. Upstart, as its website says, uses a “proprietary statistical model to predict each upstart's income over the next decade.” For most people, post-collegiate incomes will increase at a predictable rate. For many borrowers, that means an Upstart contract could be a fine deal in the end. Where it seems Upstart will make its money, however, will be on the statistical anomalies—the Facebooks, Twitters, you name it. These innovations came about at light speed, from off the charts. It doesn't seem fair for a future Mark Zuckerberg to have to pay 5% of his annual salary to Upstart, just because it loaned him some money to go to college. That feels creepier than just taking out a loan. Companies like Upstart could well fund the masses, but make its big money hitching on to some sort of genius or innovation that it had very little impact on—it was just that the smartest guy in the room was broke at the time. And that feels a lot like indentured servitude.
Correction, Oct. 29, 2013: This post originally misstated that Americans' student debt is $1.2 billion, it is $1.2 trillion.
Seven neglected animals including one dead dog were removed from a feces-infested home in Central Phoenix.
Police report that they responded to a home near 16th Street and Thomas Road after a Valley employer contacted them because they hadn't heard from their employee in several days and were concerned about him.
No one answered the door when police arrived and as they went to an opened side window, they "immediately noticed the smell of death and feces."
Looking inside, they reportedly saw one dead dog in a kennel without food or water. Police also saw several other dogs in kennels without food or water and feces all over the floor, couches and walls.
Police say after numerous announcements, 54-year-old Brian Leonard finally answered, saying he was OK. They talked with Leonard in front of his home, but when he was informed that he was going to be arrested, Leonard ran back into the home. He was tackled by an officer, both of them landing in a pile of feces on the living room floor.
Leonard reportedly told police that the dog had died a few days before. The humane society rescued six animals -- three dogs and three birds.
Leonard has been charged with resisting arrest and multiple counts of animal cruelty.
Budget EDC Knife Review: OKC RAT II Folder
OKC RAT II Folder
Manufacturer: Ontario Knife Company
Model: Randall's Adventure Training (RAT) II
Finish: Satin Black
Steel: AUS-8
Price Paid: $44.00 (Overpaid)
The OKC RAT II is a drop-point folder with a 3” blade, and an overall open length of 7”. The blade doesn't feature any serrations, which was a plus for me. My previous budget EDC was the HK P30 manufactured by Benchmade. While I loved the feel of the knife and the assist-open feature, I found that most of my daily cutting tasks were actually hindered by the presence of the serrations. After losing that knife, as I do most of my EDC knives, I decided to replace it with the RAT II.'
Who is OKC?
Founded in 1889, the Ontario Knife Company has been producing knives and tools out of Upstate New York for over 100 years. They've grown into an international distributor, and their products have seen continuous service in the U.S. Military since the second World War. Like many companies that have been around for over 100 years, they've branched out significantly. They manufacture tools, household cutlery, and all kinds of knives. Their manufacturing division, Jericho Tool, has branched out as far as the medical and agricultural sectors.
Jeff Randall / Randall's Adventure Training
Jeff Randall is a jungle survival instructor, knife designer, and general badass. Primarily known for his work with ESEE, his company designed the RAT line in partnership with OKC. I was surprised to find that OKC doesn't mention his involvement at all on their website, as far as I could tell.
The RAT II
Let's be clear: this is an affordable EDC. It is manufactured in Taiwan. I do not expect to be able to use it as a pry-bar, for it to be made of adamantium, or that it will keep an edge until the year 2025. My expectations for a budged EDC folder start with the blade.
It should keep a sharp edge with light daily use and monthly attention. Next comes comfort: for me, an EDC can't be huge, and shouldn't be so aggressively textured that it is either unduly hard on my clothing, or uncomfortable. It should also be easy to remove and deploy. Finally, durability: I should be able to rely on this knife. The pocket clip should not regularly become loose, and screws should not loosen themselves in a short period of time.
The Blade & AUS-8
The blade is a classic 3” drop-point style with a satin black finish, and full flat taper grind. It isn't terribly thick, at about a tenth of an inch (0.095”), but it feels very sturdy and hasn't given me any trouble at all. The AUS-8 steel that OKC used is comparatively soft, but it's very easy to sharpen and holds a shaving edge for just over a week of light daily use (see gallery.) AUS-8 quality can vary depending on different heat treatments, and in this case OKC seems to have done a great job. Aesthetically, the blade looks great. It's simple, and features an emblem that combines the Randall's Adventure Training logo with Ontario Knife Company script. Some might find that this image crowds the blade, but I think it's rather sharp. Pun intended.
Grip, Clip, & Deployment
I love the RAT II's grip material. Nylon 6 is a synthetic material that has high tensile strength, and mild elasticity. It's used for gears, bearings, under-hood material in cars, Glock frames, guitar strings, and toothbrush bristles. The mildly stippled grip panels feel like a good compromise that will hold on to your hand, but not scratch you up. In any event, it's my favorite feature of the knife. Some might complain that it's not aggressive enough, but for my personal use it's just fine. I wouldn't take this knife into any true hard-use or bad weather situations, so it doesn't concern me. There are a total of 8 screws that dot the surface of the knife, all are comfortably flush except for the 3 clip screws. I have to say that I was disappointed that at just 9 days of ownership, the clip and thumbstud had started to lose their finish. The clip has the same black satin finish as the blade, and the little logo is emblazoned at it's top. I'm already noticing the finish chipping in a few places- the thumbstuds are starting to wear, but that's fine as long as they don't fall off. The thumbstuds are actually a big selling point- they're huge, which makes deploying the knife very easy.
Red Hatchet Says…
If you are willing to maintain and sharpen this knife monthly, have no need of serrations, and don't mind the cosmetic wear that is inevitable, this is the sub-$50 EDC folder for you.
Pros:
Reasonably Durable
Comfortable to carry
Smooth Deployment
Decent blade
Cons:
There you are. Face illuminated by the blue glow of the monitor. You've just finished passing the third of three sets of WP_Query arguments to a function that's supposed to run a loop with the passed args. Except…arg is what you're feeling right now because your loop…isn't looping. It isn't doing anything, actually. No function my_awesome_query expected 1 parameter, none given . No fatal error on line 11123 . No unexpected if (T_IF), expecting } . Nothing.
You'll get past this. You always do. It's probably something stupid. In fact, there it is — you've added some extra argument that doesn't exist in these sets of posts you're trying to display. You delete it and voila, it works.
This scenario should be pretty familiar. No matter what level of developer you are, at some point or another, you've stared at your code and said WHY ISN'T THIS WORKING??? Sometimes, a PHP fatal error saves you. But that assumes you have WP_DEBUG switched on (you do, right?). Debugging code is one of the hardest parts of writing code, and it gets exponentially harder than your plugin or theme gets bigger and does more things. Taking care to fail gracefully can not only save your bacon, it can help other people using your code understand what's going on; remember, WordPress is open source software…someday, for some reason or another, someone may well be looking at your code and trying to decipher it. Maybe it will be you in five years, after you've completely forgotten about the project. Either way, leaving breadcrumbs and carefully thinking about and writing descriptive error messages is part of being a software craftsman, and it's incredibly easy to just overlook and forget about.
But, you say, that's what PHP errors are for. They even give me line numbers so I can trace the problem. Okay, hotshot, what about those times when even var_dump ing an h1 tag that says HELLO WORLD doesn't return anything on the page? In those cases, it can be extremely difficult to figure out what's causing the problem, and providing a better fail option is usually trivial.
Here's an example we should all be familiar with:
if ( have_posts() ) : while ( have_posts() ) : the_post();
If you've done any theme (or even plugin) development, you should know this by heart. It's the WordPress loop. It checks for the existence of posts for a given archive page (usually the index.php or an archive template of some kind, but this can be used to display single posts or pages, too), and for each post on that page, it runs the_post() — which allows us to use template tags in that template like the_title or the_permalink. The problem is, a lot of times I come across themes that do this at the end of the loop:
endwhile; endif;
This closes out the loop, sure. But it doesn't give you — or a user — any information about what they might be looking at. Or not looking at, as the case may be. If no posts are found, the loop just ends. It doesn't give you any information about it. A simple alternative could be something like this:
endwhile; else : _e( 'No posts found', 'wds' ); endif;
…or even this:
endwhile; else : $labels = get_post_type_labels( get_post_type() ); $not_found = $labels->not_found; echo $not_found; endif;
…which will display the post type “no posts found” message for the current post type (read more about get_post_type_labels ).
Here's another example. You have something like this in your plugin:
function do_the_things() { if ( true == some_condition() ) { // do something } }
If your condition isn't met, your function fails and you get no information. No PHP error, it just doesn't work. It doesn't take that much more effort to add an else clause:
function do_the_things() { if ( true == some_condition() ) { // do something } else { _e( 'Something went wrong. <tt>some_condition()</tt> returned false.', 'wds' ); } }
You can do the same kind of thing with a PHP switch:
function do_the_fruits() { $fruit = which_fruit(); switch( $fruit ) { case 'apples' : // do something with apples break; case 'oranges' : // do something with oranges break; case 'bananas' : // do something with bananas break; default : _e( 'Error in <tt>do_the_fruit</tt>: Could not recognize that fruit.', 'wds' ); break; } }
If your function takes a passed parameter, a good coding practice is to give it a default value. If that default value isn't a valid option, you can return a friendlier error message telling the user (in this case, most likely a developer) what went wrong:
function which_fruit( $fruit = '' ) { if ( '' != $fruit ) { return $fruit; } else { _e( 'You did not pass a valid fruit to <tt>which_fruit</tt>.', 'wds' ); } }
In all these examples, hopefully you've noticed that I'm actually saying in what function the problem is happening. Just saying “I didn't recognize that fruit” isn't as helpful as saying “there was a problem in do_the_fruit .” Adding the function name to the message that displays makes your life a lot easier and makes it so you don't need to go digging for answers when stuff breaks.
There's another way to display error messages and this is built into WordPress itself. It's the wp_die function. Now, I'm going to preface this by saying that you should use wp_die with care — wp_die kills the execution of the page, so only use it when you are sure you want a hard error message. However, if it's between that and generating a white page of death (from a PHP fatal error), or if you are doing stuff in the WordPress admin, then it might be something worth looking into. wp_die takes 3 parameters, the message itself, the page title in the browser, and an array of additional arguments like text direction, server response code and whether to display a back button. An example might be something like this:
wp_die( '<h1>' . __( 'Uh oh! Something broke!', 'wds' ) . '</h1>', __( 'You broke it!', 'wds' ), array( 'back_link' => true ) );
Add that to your admin function and, depending on where the error is occurring in your code, you might get something like this:
…or this:
Now, obviously that's not the best or most descriptive error message, but that shows you how important descriptive error messages are. If something breaks, just saying it's broken or not returning any information that something broke at all isn't helpful for debugging. Specifically saying this is what broke — this specific function — is much more helpful and is a better user experience overall than a white screen or a PHP error.
Considering what happens when a function breaks gives you a better understanding of how each piece of code fits together. As a developer, it's easy to get into a zone and write function after function — each subsequent function hooking into the last — without stopping to consider what happens if one of those functions gives you some an unexpected response or data. It might seem like it takes longer to consider every possible scenario in your code, but having to backtrack and trawl through lines of code can take even longer than that. Next time you write an if statement in your code, consider what happens if your conditions aren't met. Doing so may make you rethink the functionality entirely or, at the very least, help you troubleshoot problems that will inevitably come up later.
PHO, the Minneapolis funk band, is one of the hottest rising stars on the modern funk music scene. Eventhought so.The Purple One got hip to PHO, and then invited the group to open forat Paisley Park. Since then, PHO has played with, Dam-Funk,and many more.It was early 2016 when Prince found the band via Youtube and posted about them on his social media. This sparked a huge buzz for PHO around the globe and now fans are watching this band eagerly into 2017 as they predict them to be one of the bigger names of the funky festival scene.PHO released their debut album Cash It in February 2015 and created buzz for recording such a mature and creative record for seven guys in their early 20s. They reached out to friendsofand John Davis, producer for, to help achieve a sound that would resonate internationally.Now with Two, PHO ups their game big time! These 13 modern funk instrumentals honor the 1970s heavy hitters like the JBs, Parliament, andand yet, sound totally contemporary & fresh. All the tunes are well-rounded, complex, joyful compositions that make you want to move.PHO is one of the tightest instrumental funk bands on the planet!The soulful, laconic funk guitar of "Sour Town" starts the record off on a good groove. The keyboards come in to give the song a spacey vibe as the rhythm section solidifies its position as the band's rock solid foundation. Then, horny horns sing & dance on top of it all and bring the energy level up.And this is how it plays out through all 13 songs, as PHO explores the intricacies of jazzy, funky instrumental music in all its sublime goodness..."Dr. Drake" is the first single from Two. It makes my Best Instrumental Funk Songs of 2017 list. Guitarist Spencer Christiansen told Live For Live Music, "'Dr. Drake' is like a funk puzzle. Every part has its place in the beatinspired by the sounds of Prince's Black album, and James Brown. Our new record, Two, represents all of our influences coming together under the funk."Other stand out tunes are..."Dew Like Me" for its perfect, laid-back groove a la(with a beautiful funky flute thrown in for good measure)."Responsibility" is a longer, spacier jam that will impress the jam band festival crowd with its guitar solo & synthesizer sounds."South 2nd" and "Famous Waves" are stimulating dance jams. I imagine these tunes get crowds fired up whenever & wherever PHO plays them. I love the percussion breakdown on "South 2nd"!"2-Side" explores the jazzy side of Funk (and the funky side of jazz). The horns shine throughout Two, and on this one you can hear how skilled the horn section is as they get to show off their jazz chops.All in all, every song on Two is remarkable. I predict it will definitely make my best albums of 2017 list.I look forward to listening to this record often, and to hearing more amazing music from PHO. I'm excited to hear how they evolve over the years. So far, it doesn't get much better than this!
(CNN) A British football team has vowed to support any criminal action brought against its fans who were filmed as they physically stopped a black man from getting on the Paris metro Tuesday.
The amateur video obtained by The Guardian, and posted on its website, shows the man make multiple attempts to board a train at Richelieu-Drouot station, only to be pushed away each time by a group of passengers.
The group, who appear to be Chelsea supporters, can then be heard chanting: "We're racist, we're racist and that's the way we like it."
Chelsea were in France to play Paris Saint-Germain in a Champions League first-leg tie - Europe's premier football tournament -- which finished 1-1.
Photos: Photos: Liverpool's Italian striker Mario Balotelli is the most abused player according to Kick It Out's April 2015 report. Hide Caption 1 of 11 Photos: He's also been targeted by racists on many occasions during his time in Italian football. In May 2013, Balotelli told CNN he would leave the field of play if he suffered more racial abuse. Hide Caption 2 of 11 Photos: Balotelli joined Liverpool during the summer transfer window, but the Merseyside club made an uncertain start to the domestic season. The Italian forward is pictured here with Steven Gerrard after a 3-1 defeat by West Ham. Hide Caption 3 of 11 Photos: During that game he was booked after clashing with Hammers goalkeeper Adrian. Hide Caption 4 of 11 Photos: More positively Balotelli played a key role in Liverpool's only goal in defeat, which was scored by Raheem Sterling. Hide Caption 5 of 11 Photos: He registered his first goal for Liverpool in their 2-1 Champions League win against Ludogorets. Hide Caption 6 of 11 Photos: Balotelli, who left Manchester City for Italy in January 2013, replaced Luis Suarez at Anfield. Hide Caption 7 of 11 Photos: The 24-year-old scored 30 goals in 54 games for Milan and was an integral part of the Italy side which reached the final of the European Championships in 2012. Hide Caption 8 of 11 Photos: The striker was part of the Italy side which failed to get out of the group stage at the 2014 World Cup, endured a mixed time in the English Premier League with City. While he scored 30 goals in 80 appearances, a number of disciplinary issues affected his game. Hide Caption 9 of 11 Photos: He's something of an online phenomenon and has over three million followers on Twitter, while he also takes to Facebook to share various pictures with his fans. Hide Caption 10 of 11 Photos: Balotelli scored the winning goal when Italy defeated England 2-1 at the World Cup in Brazil. Hide Caption 11 of 11
"Such behavior is abhorrent and has no place in football or society," said statement released by Chelsea Wednesday.
"We will support any criminal action against those involved in such behavior, and should evidence point to the involvement of Chelsea season ticket holders or members the club will take the strongest possible action against them including banning orders."
Both French and British police have said they will analyze the footage.
"Police measures were deployed last night for the football match in order to prevent any violence. None occurred," French law enforcement told CNN.
"The police department only found out about this incident once the video was uploaded on the internet.
"The prefect then wished for the Chelsea supporters to be identified. The Paris prosecutor has opened an investigation and is now in charge."
Photos: Italian football hit by racism again Photos: Italian football hit by racism again Kick it out – AC Milan defender Kevin Constant is enraged after a banana is thrown onto the pitch during his side's 2-1 defeat at Atalanta. Hide Caption 1 of 7 Photos: Italian football hit by racism again Shameful – Milan midfielder Nigel de Jong was disgusted by the incident and remonstrated with Atalanta's players. Hide Caption 2 of 7 Photos: Italian football hit by racism again Punishment on horizon? – Atalanta fans are likely to face punishment from the game's authorities following the incident. Hide Caption 3 of 7 Photos: Italian football hit by racism again Seedorf wants action – Milan manager Clarence Seedorf has urged authorities to track down those responsible. "I hope they find the culprit and do what they have to do," he told Italian media. Hide Caption 4 of 7 Photos: Italian football hit by racism again Catalyst for change – AC Milan star Kevin Prince-Boateng has been outspoken in his fight against racism. Hide Caption 5 of 7 Photos: Italian football hit by racism again Spanish problem – Levante's Papakouli Diop opted to dance in front of his abusers during a match against Atletico Madrid. "I was going to take a corner and some of the Atletico fans started making monkey chants." Hide Caption 6 of 7 Photos: Italian football hit by racism again Quick thinking – Recently Barcelona defender Dani Alves brought the problem of racism within Spanish football to the world's attention when a Villarreal fan threw a banana at him. Alves, who was preparing to take a corner, simply picked it up and ate it. His actions won acclaim from across the world. Hide Caption 7 of 7
A Metropolitan Police statement added: "We will, of course, assist French authorities to identify the people involved and support them in any action they choose to take."
UEFA, the body which governs European football, said it was appalled by the footage, but as it occurred outside of the stadium it could not take any punitive action.
British expatriate Paul Nolan, who is a CNN was not immediately able to contact, says he filmed the incident on his phone at Richelieu-Drouot station.
"The doors were open and I could see and hear that a lot of chanting was going on," Nolan told The Guardian. "It looked like it was quite aggressive so I just took out by phone to record it.
"He was obviously completely shocked when they pushed him off. I don't think he realised who they were. He then tried to get on again and got pushed off a second time."
Sepp Blatter, the president of football's global governing body FIFA, also took to Twitter to register his disapproval.
"I also condemn the actions of a small group of Chelsea fans in Paris," tweeted Blatter. "There is no place for racism in football!"
This is not the first racism allegation to be leveled against the London club in recent times.
At a major event for conservative Christians this morning, a Republican senator joked about praying for President Obama's “days to be short.”
Sen. David Perdue, a freshman senator from Georgia, opened his remarks at the Faith & Freedom Coalition's Road to Majority conference by encouraging attendees to pray for President Obama. But, he added in a joking tone, they need to pray for him in a very specific way: “We should pray for him like Psalms 109:8 says: May his days be short,” the senator said, smiling wryly.
The crowd chuckled and he moved on with his address.
The rest of that passage, which Perdue did not recite, reads, “May another take his place of leadership. May his children be fatherless and his wife a widow. May his children be wandering beggars; may they be driven from their ruined homes.”
Perdue's joke drew immediate criticism. Adam Jentleson, a spokesman for Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, tweeted, “Republican Senator David Perdue is praying for President Obama to die. This is why Trump is the GOP nominee.”
The Road to Majority conference brings together top leaders in the social-conservative world, as well as prominent elected Republicans. Shortly after Perdue's speech, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and top Trump adviser Sen. Jeff Sessions spoke. Donald Trump will keynote the event later today.
—Betsy Woodruff
British actor who missed out on Academy award nomination for his acclaimed performance as Martin Luther King suggests Oscar demographic may be to blame
David Oyelowo, the British actor who stars as Martin Luther King Jr in acclaimed civil-rights drama Selma, has admitted to being “bothered” by the Oscars snubbing of his performance.
Asked if he was disappointed not to have picked up a nomination for best actor ahead of next month's ceremony, Oyelowo told Esquire the decision had upset him for a number of reasons.
“Yeah, it bothers me,” he said. “It bothers me because it's the best reviewed film of the year. It's a film that doesn't direct or act itself. It bothers me because it's Dr King – one of the most significant human beings in American life, and I want him celebrated. Whether we like it or not, these accolades feed into that legacy.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Selma: watch the trailer for the Martin Luther King drama
No black actor is among the 20 nominees for acting prizes at this year's Oscars, a situation which has drawn criticism from those advocating diversity in Hollywood. Oyelowo suggested Selma's snub reflected the membership of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, which organises the famous ceremony.
“The great thing is that the film is transcending all of that in terms of its notoriety and people loving the film, but that situation is representative of the demographic that votes for these things, and hopefully that's going to change going forward,” he said, adding: “So yeah, it's not something I saw and then did cartwheels over going, ‘Woohoo, I didn't get nominated', but we did our bit and that I can say for sure.”
Whiteout in the limelight? #OscarsSoWhite mocks Academy snub of actors of colour Read more
Selma, which did pick up Oscar nominations for best film and best song, tells the story of the historic 1965 marches by civil-rights advocates from the titular Alabama town to the the state capital, Montgomery, 54 miles away, during which they were clubbed and tear-gassed by state troopers. The marches led directly to legislation that finally brought equal suffrage for southern African-Americans through the 1965 Voting Rights Act.
Oyelowo signalled he had no regrets about playing the career-changing role of King Jr. “To be in Atlanta in front of 500 extras in the place Dr King was from – and to be afforded the opportunity to say words which I really believe in – was extraordinary,” he said. “We're actors, it's a movie, we're reconstructing what happened, but the power of those moments are very real. I'd always been sure as to why we were making this movie, but I couldn't have anticipated the sheer power of it – to feel the blast of that was quite something.”
In what appears to be an intentional act to humiliate the Indian Army and the nationalists, some anti-nationals painted the Indian national flag on a Friday market road in Srinagar.
Photographs of the tricolour on the road went viral when they were shared on social media.
The pictures show people walking over the flag without realising the insult it is causing.
A user who posted the pictures said that the flag was painted on the Friday market road which located not far from NIT-Srinagar.
Advertisement
Friday market outside NIT Srinagar, sea of people throng over the flag deliberately & we call it an integral part 🤔 pic.twitter.com/XvyGw5fslk — Sneha kaul (@Snehakaul2Kaul) January 27, 2017
Some other users said that this is a regular thing in Kashmir:
@Snehakaul2Kaul Not the first one, there are thousands of flags drawn on roads with captions like Go india Go back. — Irfan wasim (@raashidmanzoor1) January 27, 2017
It is not clear when the flag was drawn, and when the photograph taken.
It should be noted that in 2016 there was a huge row in NIT-Srinagar. Following a scuffle between them and Kashmiri students, the non-Kashmiri students claimed they were beaten up by the police. A months long confrontation ensued which resulted in suspension of classes. Non-Kashmiri students demanded that the government takes steps to evacuate them safely out of the campus so that they can go back to their homes.
Exams were held and classes resumed only after a team of officials is sent by the Ministry of Human Resource Development (HRD) spoke to the agitating students from outside Kashmir.
Reacting to the tweet, Major Gaurav Arya, a veteran of the Indian Army, requested the Prime Minister to allow the Indian Army to bring order in Srinagar.
@narendramodi Sir, please hand over Srinagar to #IndianArmy. There must be severe repercussions for disrespecting the flag. @adgpi https://t.co/nPJHOHfmsm — Major Gaurav Arya (@majorgauravarya) January 29, 2017
Advertisement
Unlike other parts of Kashmir, the Indian Army is not deployed in Srinagar. The Jammu and Kashmir capital is guarded by the state police and paramilitary forces.
The UK's first “do it yourself” brewery has launched in Edinburgh, offering beer lovers the chance to whip up their own personalised tipple.
Amateur brewers can walk away with top-quality Krafty Brew beer at just £1 per bottle – as long as they have room in the boot for 100 bottles.
Stephen Mathieson, Jason Steedman and Harry Crombie try out their drinks at Krafty Brew. Picture: Malcolm McCurrach'Thu, 24, July, 2014
Krafty Brew owner Marcus Doherty hopes the experience will attract ale aficionados, stag parties and office bashes to sampling sessions at its Leith-based outlet.
Everything needed to create 50 litres of amber nectar is included in the price – from hops and grain to fruit and flavourings, along with the handy expertise of two professional brewers.
But patience is the one ingredient punters need in abundance, as it takes roughly two weeks for the beer to ferment.
Mr Doherty hit upon the concept after growing frustrated with the quality of grog available in bars and the mess created whenever he made his own home brew.
“I suppose I was just getting sick of all the mediocre beers out there and getting a taste of some of the craft beers that were coming over from America, but also some of the small microbreweries in London that are setting standard,” he said.
“The easiest way to get that kind of standard is either spending a lot of money, or brewing it yourself at home. Doing it yourself involves a lot of hassle, clutter and cleaning, so I thought surely a lot of other people would want the opportunity to create their own beer without that hassle.”
Despite only learning the secrets of brewing one year ago, Mr Doherty is now the owner of a 1500-litre-a-week microbrewery, housed in an industrial unit at Stewartfield, Leith.
He said: “You come in and we have a menu of beers, all the way from very light Pilsner beers through to dark, chocolatey stouts. We also have a range of hoppy IPAs.
“You can get as creative as you like. You could have a chili beer, or we've added oak chips soaked in bourbon to an American amber and that's quite nice. People are perfectly welcome to bring their own ingredients and follow their own recipes, too. It's a very hands-on process.”
Mr Doherty already has a couple of city bars signed up to make their own signature beer, and he hopes restaurants will want to brew beers to complement their dishes.
Employees from accounting firm Steedmans, who backed the venture, were some of the first customers. “We're proud to support such an innovative project – and the beer's excellent, too,” said operations director Jason Steedman.
From Paris's pint of view . .
Reporter Paris Gourtsoyannis gives his verdict on Krafty Brew's creations:
As well as helping customers concoct their own beer, Krafty Brew's brewers have created tipples for punters to sample as they mix their raw ingredients. The brown ale (5.6%) boasts a ruby hue bursting with a hoppy, rich and vegetal flavour. The stout (6.1%) is light and understated with a honeyed flavour. You could easily sink three pints before you knew it. Krafty Brew has an IPA made with citrus hops (5.1%) that is perfect for the hot weather, and the menu also includes a robust but refreshing Pilsner IPA (5.4%), and a dark amber ale (5.5%) that is fruity, hoppy and delicious.
The date is 1865, the place Wonderland, and little Alice, having fallen down a rabbit hole, is dripping wet after swimming in a sea of tears.
So, on the advice of the Dodo, Alice and the other animals take part in a Caucus Race.
According to the children's classic: ‘They began running when they liked, and left off when they liked, so that it was not easy to know when the race was over.'
At the end they crowded around the Dodo, clamouring, ‘Who has won?'
Michael Gove's attempt to end grade inflation has met with Ofqual's intervention to 'prevent' students from getting bad grades
There was a long pause, while the Dodo thought. Then, at last, it produced the answer: ‘Everybody has won, and all must have prizes!'
When Lewis Carroll wrote those words more than 150 years ago, he meant to satirise the incestuous nature of Victorian politics.
He could scarcely have imagined that they would become the guiding principle of 21st-century Britain's educational establishment.
As hundreds of thousands of parents (and their offspring) will know, this Thursday is A-level results day — the day of judgment, when dreams will be realised and hopes dashed in every street in the country.
Yet even before the results have been announced, it appears that today's equivalent of the Dodo, the exam regulator Ofqual, has been fiddling the figures in an attempt to ensure that all have prizes.
As it happens, this is the first year that students have taken exams under the new system designed by the former education secretary Michael Gove, who was keen to end the curse of relentless grade inflation.
But as Ofqual's head, Sally Collier, explained over the weekend, she has decided to intervene in the marking process to ‘protect' students from getting bad grades.
Even though Mr Gove's reforms were designed specifically to differentiate between different students, Ms Collier is having none of it.
In her own words, she has decided to lower the marking thresholds to make sure that there are just as many ‘winners' as there were last year — even though this makes a mockery of the new system.
‘I want the message to be that students have done fantastically well,' she explained defiantly. ‘All our kids are brilliant!'
‘All our kids are brilliant.' It's the kind of thing you can just about tolerate from a painfully earnest headmistress. From the head of the government's exam regulator, however, it is not merely embarrassing but downright horrifying.
Reforms to differentiate between students have been criticised by Sally Collier
Since I often go into schools to give history talks, I know how hard many of our teenagers work. Indeed, I am not ashamed to say that many of them work an awful lot harder than my friends and I did.
To claim that they are all brilliant, though, is utterly fatuous. Quite obviously many of them are very far from brilliant.
For example, if I had done physics A-level, or indeed art at the most rudimentary level, I would not have been brilliant. I would have been abysmal.
The ‘all our kids are brilliant' ethos dates from the Seventies, when a generation of progressive educationalists, kicking against the strictness of their school days, argued that all students should be encouraged to feel like winners, even when they palpably weren't.
There was perhaps a grain of sense in this. In previous decades, too many students had been cruelly written off too soon as moronic failures, dumped into failing secondary moderns and denied the chance of a university education.
Even so, the progressive ethos spiralled out of control. You can still see vestiges of it today at sports days where all the children are awarded medals, even if they rolled across the line several hours after beginning the 100 metres.
Nowhere was the damage more obvious, though, than in the assessment of A-levels. By the New Labour years, it had become a familiar ritual.
'New Labour and Tony Blair encouraged the progressive ethos to spiral out of control'
Every August, as students rejoiced in better results than ever, the latest education minister took to the airwaves to parrot some variation on Ms Collier's ‘all our kids are brilliant' line. The statistics tell the story. Out of more than 850,000 grades awarded in 2010, more than one in four were A or A*. Even in 2016, years after Mr Gove had promised to crack down on the all-must-have-prizes ethos, 25.8 per cent of grades is A or A*.
‘So what?' you may well be asking. ‘Why not give every student an A?'
Well, one obvious answer is that it defeats the point of the exercise. Teenagers are not doing A-levels for fun; they are doing them so that employers and, in particular, universities can identify the brightest and most promising students.
Some years ago, as a university admissions tutor, I used to plough through hundreds of applications. Form after form carried the same list of GCSE grades — A, A, A, A, A — as well as the same list of predicted A-level grades — A, A, A.
It was impossible to tell them apart. Now it is even worse. In 2016, more than 41 per cent of maths students got an A or A*, as well as 39 per cent of German students, 37 per cent of French students and 32 per cent of Classics students.
What's the point of that? How on earth can you expect universities to pick out the brilliant students, if thousands of them are getting the best grades? Hence Mr Gove's reforms. The point was to make exams harder, but not for some strangely twisted sadistic purposes.
The point was to have a greater range of results, so top universities, as well as future employers, could get a better sense of students' ability.
Alas, Sally Collier and colleagues — the dreaded progressive educational ‘blob' against which Mr Gove regularly inveighed — are evidently determined to undermine the whole exercise.
'We should not be afraid to differentiate between good and bad students'
By fiddling the figures, they want to make everybody look like winners — which will go down well with anxious students and their relieved parents, but will turn the exam season back into a nonsense.
Who loses from all this? Everybody. The brightest and hardest working students end up being cheated, because if everybody gets stellar grades, their efforts are devalued.
Universities lose out, too, because it is impossible for them to know what they are getting. As the novelist and lecturer Tibor Fischer wrote a couple of weeks ago, only six people out of his class of 120 English students could answer the question ‘what is a sentence?' You can't tell me that the 114 others were ‘brilliant'.
Above all, Britain loses. Of course, we can follow Ms Collier and delude ourselves that we have reared an unprecedented generation of geniuses.
Yet the most recent league tables published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development showed Britain far behind the likes of Singapore, Japan, Finland, South Korea and Australia in science, as well as 21st in reading and a pitiful 27th in maths. So much, then, for all those A* grades.
No parent wants their child to do badly, let alone to fail. But we should not be afraid to differentiate between good and bad students, both to pick out the best performers and to save the rest from wasting their time and money at university.
If we continue to pump them up with false results and exaggerated praise, we are doing them no favours. We will end up with a generation of cosseted, over-entitled youngsters, for whom the harsh pressures of reality will come as a terrible shock. And even as the Sally Colliers of the world tell us how brilliant we are, Britain will carry on drifting into mediocrity and decline.
For there are, after all, two things worth knowing about the Dodo. One is that it thought everybody must have prizes. The other is that it died out. I fear there is an omen there, unfortunately.
What started out as a complaint about a fire pit creating a lot of smoke in Nanuet led to a confrontation with police that ended with Clarkstown officers subduing a man with a Taser.
Matvey Nurgaliev, 28, of 27 Van Nostrant Place, Nanuet, is charged with resisting arrest, false personation, both misdemeanors, and was cited for violating a Clarkstown Town Code that restricts outdoor fires. Roxanne Guzman, 57, also a resident of 27 Van Nostrand Place, was also charged with second-degree obstructing governmental administration, a misdemeanor, for trying to hide Nurgaliev's identity.
Clarkstown police said town officers went to the Van Nostrand Place home at 8:30 a.m. Thursday after a complaint about open burning. When officers arrived they found an active fire was burning in a metal fire pit, which was causing a heavy smoke condition in the area.
Officers attempted to speak with the resident at the home, Matvey Nurgaliev, who originally identified himself as "Sans Kinter." Nurgaliev was told that he was in violation of the town code regarding no outdoor fires.
Police said Nurgaliev was asked to provide proper identification and told town officers he had to go into his home to retrieve his wallet. After several minutes, police said, Roxanne Guzman emerged from the home and told police that Nurgaliev did not have identification and vouched for his identity giving officers the assumed name "Sans Kinter."
Police said town officers were able to properly identify Nurgaliev by personal effects contained in his wallet. As officers were trying to arrest Nurgaliev, however, police said he began to run away.
Nurgaliev was chased and tackled to the ground in the rear yard of the home. Police said Nurgaliev struggled with officers and had to be subdued with the use of a Taser.
Nurgaliev was arraigned in Clarkstown Town Court and ordered held in the Rockland County Correctional Facility in New City on $500 bail pending a June 25 hearing. Guzman was also placed under arrest for interfering with the investigation. Guzman was released pending a June 6 hearing in Town Court.
Abraham Maslow is the leading figure in the tradition of humanistic psychology and the modern Positive Psychology movement owes a huge debt to his theories. His 'Hierarchy of Needs' remains widely recognized and used.
Nonetheless, the layperson knows surprisingly little about the pinnacle Maslow wants us to aspire to- Self-Actualization. Who is this Self-Actualized person, and what characteristics do s/he have? Maslow's portrait is detailed and complex.
Self-Actualization
Maslow describes the good life as one directed towards self-actualization, the pinnacle need. Self-actualization occurs when you maximize your potential, doing the best that you are capable of doing. Maslow studied individuals whom he believed to be self-actualized, including Abraham Lincoln, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein, to derive the common characteristics of the self-actualized person. Here are a selection of the most important characteristics, from his book Motivation and Personality:
1) Self-actualized people embrace the unknown and the ambiguous.
They are not threatened or afraid of it; instead, they accept it, are comfortable with it and are often attracted by it. They do not cling to the familiar. Maslow quotes Einstein:
"The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious."
2) They accept themselves, together with all their flaws.
She perceives herself as she is, and not as she would prefer herself to be. With a high level of self-acceptance, she lacks defensiveness, pose or artificiality. Eventually, shortcomings come to be seen not as shortcomings at all, but simply as neutral personal characteristics.
"They can accept their own human nature in the stoic style, with all its shortcomings, with all its discrepancies from the ideal image without feeling real concern [...] One does not complain about water because it is wet, or about rocks because they are hard [...] simply noting and observing what is the case, without either arguing the matter or demanding that it be otherwise."
Nonetheless, while self-actualized people are accepting of shortcomings that are immutable, they do feel ashamed or regretful about changeable deficits and bad habits.
3) They prioritize and enjoy the journey, not just the destination.
"[They] often [regard] as ends in themselves many experiences and activities that are, for other people, only means. Our subjects are somewhat more likely to appreciate for its own sake, and in an absolute way, the doing itself; they can often enjoy for its, own sake the getting to some place as well as the arriving. It is occasionally possible for them to make out of the most trivial and routine activity an intrinsically enjoyable game or dance or play."
4) While they are inherently unconventional, they do not seek to shock or disturb.
Unlike the average rebel, the self-actualized person recognizes:
"... the world of people in which he lives could not understand or accept [his unconventionality], and since he has no wish to hurt them or to fight with them over every triviality, he will go through the ceremonies and rituals of convention with a good-humored shrug and with the best possible grace [... Self-actualized people would] usually behave in a conventional fashion simply because no great issues are involved or because they know people will be hurt or embarrassed by any other kind of behavior."
5) They are motivated by growth, not by the satisfaction of needs.
While most people are still struggling in the lower rungs of the 'Hierarchy of Needs,' the self-actualized person is focused on personal growth.
"Our subjects no longer strive in the ordinary sense, but rather develop. They attempt to grow to perfection and to develop more and more fully in their own style. The motivation of ordinary men is a striving for the basic need gratifications that they lack."
6) Self-actualized people have purpose.
"[They have] some mission in life, some task to fulfill, some problem outside themselves which enlists much of their energies. [...] This is not necessarily a task that they would prefer or choose for themselves; it may be a task that they feel is their responsibility, duty, or obligation. [...] In general these tasks are nonpersonal or unselfish, concerned rather with the good of mankind in general."
7) They are not troubled by the small things.
Instead, they focus on the bigger picture.
"They seem never to get so close to the trees that they fail to see the forest. They work within a framework of values that are broad and not petty, universal and not local, and in terms of a century rather than the moment.[...] This impression of being above small things [...] seems to impart a certain serenity and lack of worry over immediate concerns that make life easier not only for themselves but for all who are associated with them."
8) Self-actualized people are grateful.
They do not take their blessings for granted, and by doing so, maintain a fresh sense of wonder towards the universe.
"Self-actualizing people have the wonderful capacity to appreciate again and again, freshly and naïvely, the basic goods of life, with awe, pleasure, wonder, and even ecstasy, however stale these experiences may have become to others [...] Thus for such a person, any sunset may be as beautiful as the first one, any flower may be of breath-taking loveliness, even after he has seen a million flowers. [...] For such people, even the casual workaday, moment-to-moment business of living can be thrilling."
9) They share deep relationships with a few, but also feel identification and affection towards the entire human race.
"Self-actualizing people have deeper and more profound interpersonal relations than any other adults [...] They are capable of more fusion, greater love, more perfect identification, more obliteration of the ego boundaries than other people would consider possible. [...This devotion] exists side by side with a widespreading [...] benevolence, affection, and friendliness. These people tend to be kind [and friendly] to almost everyone [...] of suitable character regardless of class, education, political belief, race, or color."
10) Self-actualized people are humble.
"They are all quite well aware of how little they know in comparison with what could be known and what is known by others. Because of this it is possible for them without pose to be honestly respectful and even humble before people who can teach them something."
11) Self-actualized people resist enculturation.
They do not allow themselves to be passively molded by culture -- they deliberate and make their own decisions, selecting what they see as good, and rejecting what they see as bad. They neither accept all, like a sheep, nor reject all, like the average rebel. Self-actualized people:
"make up their own minds, come to their own decisions, are self-starters, are responsible for themselves and their own destinies. [...] too many people do not make up their own minds, but have their minds made up for them by salesmen, advertisers, parents, propagandists, TV, newspapers and so on."
Because of their self-decision, self-actualized people have codes of ethics that are individualized and autonomous rather than being dictated by society.
"They are the most ethical of people even though their ethics are not necessarily the same as those of the people around them [...because] the ordinary ethical behavior of the average person is largely conventional behavior rather than truly ethical behavior."
12) Despite all this, self-actualized people are not perfect.
"There are no perfect human beings! Persons can be found who are good, very good indeed, in fact, great. [...] And yet these very same people can at times be boring, irritating, petulant, selfish, angry, or depressed. To avoid disillusionment with human nature, we must first give up our illusions about it."
The day was not far past when German scholars had been forced to go to Leyden, Paris, Cambridge, Padua, even Vienna—when the German universities had been strongholds of obscurantism, dogmatic theology, and sterile pedantry. But now the tide was suddenly setting in from the other direction. Scholars from all over the world were coming to Berlin, Heidelberg, Leipzig, Halle, Munich, Bonn, and Göttingen. Even in far-away America the whole system of higher education was being remodeled upon German plans. Harvard was borrowing copiously from Berlin; in the Johns Hopkins Medical School a new Heidelberg was arising.
In every other field of civilized activity the Germans were going ahead just as rapidly. The inventions and discoveries of their scientists were being applied with an ingenuity and a dispatch that no other nation could match; they were swiftly getting a virtual monopoly of all those forms of industry which depended upon scientific exactness,—for example, the manufacture of drugs, dye-stuffs, and optical goods. And at the same time they were making equal, if not actually superior, progress in the grosser departments of trade. Their two great steamship corporations, the one founded back in 1847 and the other ten years later, were taking on new life and acquiring huge fleets of freight and passenger ships—fleets soon to be much larger, in fact, than any that even England could show. Their tramp steamers, more numerous every year, were trading to all the ports of the world. German drummers were everywhere, eager to make terms, speaking all languages. The first German colonies had been acquired in the middle eighties; the setting up of new ones now went on apace; advances were made into Africa and Oceania; a landing on the mainland of Asia was to follow in 1897. And the German navy, so long a mere paper power, was soon to be converted into a thing of authentic steel.
So in the arts. Wagner was dead, but German music still lived in Johannes Brahms, now the acknowledged tone-master of the world, perhaps the true successor of Beethoven and Bach. Nor was he a solitary figure. A youngster named Richard Strauss, the son of a Munich horn-player, was fast coming to fame; Mahler, Humperdink, and other lesser men were carrying on the glorious German tradition; German conductors and teachers were in high demand; German opera, after years of struggle, was at last breaking into New York, London, even Paris. And in literature Germany was entering upon the most productive period since the golden age of Goethe and Schiller. The German drama, before any other, began to show the influence of the revolutionary Ibsen, himself a resident of Germany, and more German in blood than Norwegian. Sudermann and Hauptmann, the twin giants, were at the threshold of their parallel careers; Lilienkron, Hartleben, and Bierbaum were about to put new life into the German lyric; a new school of German storytellers was arising. And Munich, to make an end, was beginning to offer rivalry to Paris in painting, and bringing in students from afar. On all sides there was this vast enrichment of the national consciousness, this brilliant shining forth of the national spirit, this feeling of new and superabundant efficiency, this increase of pride, achievement, and assurance.
III
The thing to be noted here is that the progress I have been describing was initiated and carried on, not by the old aristocracy of the barrack and the court, but by a new aristocracy of the laboratory, the study, and the shop. The Junkertum, though it was still to do good service as a hobgoblin, had long since ceased to dominate the state, and its ideals had gone the way of its power. Bismarck was the last of its great gladiators—and its first deserter. Far back in the seventies, perhaps even in the sixties, he had seen the signs of its impending collapse, and thereafter he had been gradually metamorphosed into an exponent of the new order. Did he wage a war upon the Catholic Church? Then it was because he saw all organized and autonomous religion, with its tenacity to established ideas and its hostility to reforms from without, as a conspiracy against that free experimentation which alone makes for human progress. Did he do valiant battle with the Socialists, the Liberals, the whole tribe of political phrasemongers and tub-thumpers? Then it was because he knew how puerile and how futile were the cure-alls preached by these quacks—how much all political advancement was a matter of careful trial and stage-management, and how little it was a matter of principles and shibboleths. And did he, in the end, definitely turn his back upon the axioms of his youth, and take his stand for the utmost dissemination of opportunity, the true democratization of talent? Then it was because he had seen feudalism gasp out its last breath when federalism was born at Versailles, and was convinced that it was dead to rise no more.
RASC Designates Wood Buffalo National Park as a New Dark Sky Preserve
TORONTO, CANADA (Aug 2, 2013) – On June 28, 2013 the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada (RASC) officially designated Wood Buffalo National Park as a new RASC Dark Sky Preserve through its National Certification Program. Wood Buffalo is the 17th Dark Sky Preserve in Canada, and the first northern park, to be designated by the RASC.
Wood Buffalo NP straddles the Alberta - Northwest Territories boundary and is the largest National Park in Canada, and with an area of 44,807 km2, it is larger than all dark sky sites in the world combined.
Through this recognition, Wood Buffalo National Park is committed to protecting the night environment from the impact of artificial lighting. Together with the RASC, Parks Canada Agency recognizes that natural darkness is an ecological resource in need of protection and both organizations are committed to lighting practices that preserve the beauty and wonder of the dark sky and night environment for all Canadians to enjoy.
For thirteen years the RASC's Dark Sky Preserve (DSP) Program has been increasing public awareness of the beauty of the night sky and the deteriorating effects of artificial lighting. DSP's are regions with exceptionally dark skies accessible to the general public. The lighting protocol for DSP's restricts the illumination level, extent, duration and colour to minimize its impact on the appearance of the night sky and the behaviour of wildlife. The DSP status will preserve the natural state of the region for the health and vitality of flora and fauna and for the enjoyment of the public.
The lighting protocol is based on wildlife and human research into the biological need for dark nights (scotobiology). The RASC Dark Sky Preserve Program is recognized by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN), an independent organization that advises UNESCO and national governments on environmental protection issues. It has also been adopted by the International Dark-Sky Association in the United States.
The DSP Program has three objectives: to limit adverse effects of lighting within the Park, provide a guide for suitable lighting used within the Park, and suggests lighting policies that may be applied to urban areas beyond the Park boundaries. The latter will protect the DSP from deterioration by surrounding light pollution.
Founded in 1868, the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada is Canada's leading astronomy organization bringing together more than 4,200 enthusiastic amateurs, educators and professionals. RASC and its 29 Centres across Canada offer both national and local programming and services. RASC is dedicated to the Advancement of Astronomy and Allied Sciences and stimulating and inspiring interest to promote and increase knowledge in astronomy and related sciences in Canada.
-30-
For more information please contact: Robert Dick of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada DSP Program at (613) 722-1343 or robertdick@csbg.ca
Additional Contacts:
Wood Buffalo National Park and Dark Sky Preserve - Mike Keizer, Mike.Keizer@pc.gc.ca or Tim Gauthier tim.gauthier@pc.gc.ca
Scotobiology: Robert Dick at 613-722-1343 or rdick@csbg.ca
International Union for the Conservation of Nature: David Welch, Ph.D, Chair, Dark Skies Advisory Group welch.ottawa@gmail.com
Without huge salaries, financial leaders won't try hard?
But should the prospect of extra pay or perks be the main reason people work hard at their jobs? The reason you work hard, workers and employers in the retail trenches told me, is because you take pride in what you do.
It was a sentiment I heard again and again from merchants I visited in the area last week. Sure, being paid a decent wage is important. And who'd say no to a bonus?
Corrales laughed. "No bonus," she said. "That's something I do because I like helping people. It's my job."
Surely that kind of going-the-extra-mile should merit some sort of bonus.
"I love movies," she said from behind the counter at the Video Hut outlet in Hollywood's Franklin Village neighborhood. "If someone can't find a movie, I go and search the Internet for them. They could do it at home, but I'm happy to help."
But not if you work for a bank or a brokerage or some other financial heavyweight. On Wall Street, the rule seems to be that no effort should go unrewarded -- and as lavishly as possible, regardless of how the company's doing.
We got yet another reminder of this culture of smug entitlement when it was reported last week that Wells Fargo & Co. had been planning to send employees to a pair of high-end Las Vegas resorts.
The trip drew scorn from lawmakers, who were quick to observe that this was questionable behavior for an institution that recently received $25 billion in bailout money from taxpayers and lost $2.55 billion in the most recent quarter.
Wells Fargo initially defended the Vegas getaway. But within hours the company announced that the trip had been canceled and blamed the media for spreading "intentionally misleading" reports about what was actually "a four-day business meeting and recognition event for hard-working team members."
Where have I heard that before? Oh yeah: In October, when insurance giant American International Group Inc. sent workers to a luxury spa after receiving $85 billion in bailout funds.
"It was not an executive retreat," an AIG spokesman told me at the time. "It was a meeting to reward and incent independent sales agents."
"Recognition event" . . . "reward and incent."
Where do they get this gibberish?
Look, don't get me wrong. I'm all for rewarding achievement. (Note to editor: Really.) But all bets are off when a company is failing so miserably that it has to pass the hat among taxpayers to survive. Heck, my employer is bankrupt, and we haven't shaken down Uncle Sam for some spare change.
What sizzles my bacon is the expectation among our financial friends that the bonuses and perks should keep rolling in. Otherwise, presumably, they won't be motivated to give it their all.
"I don't need to be motivated to do a good job," said David Jones, 40, manager of Counterpoint Records & Books in Franklin Village. "I either want to do it or I don't."
OK, but wouldn't he want an all-expenses-paid trip to Vegas for a job well done?
"Not Vegas," Jones replied. "Maybe the south of France." He smiled to show he was just kidding.
"I like what I do," he said. "That's the motivation."
You'd think the 598,000 jobs lost last month -- the largest one-month loss in 34 years -- would be enough to instill a sense of humility in even the most self-important workers.
The education company yesterday released the fifth annual edition of its EF English Proficiency Index (EF EPI), the world's largest ranking of countries by English skills.
The report identifies global and regional English-language learning trends and analyses the relationship between countries' English proficiency and their economic competitiveness. This year's EF EPI report profiles all 70 ranked countries, using test data from 910,000 adult English-language learners.
Thailand scored 45.35 out of 100, while Sweden (70.94) was on top, following by the Netherlands (70.58) and Denmark (70.05).
In Asean countries, Singapore ranked 12th with a score of 61.08, followed by Malaysia at 14th (60.30), Vietnam at 29th (53.81) and Indonesia at 32nd (52.91).
"The EF EPI shows the power of big data to inform education policy, investment decisions, and classroom practices," said Minh Tran, EF's director of research.
New approach
"We are thrilled that this year the EF EPI has started incorporating data from the EF Standard English Test, which is revolutionising the testing industry as the world's first free standardised English test."
This year's report reveals for the first time the connection between countries' English levels and their innovation metrics such as high-technology exports and expenditures on research and development.
Although the rankings shift every year, the correlations between countries' English ability and gross national income per capita, quality of life, Internet connectivity, and a range of other indicators remain strong and stable.
Women speak English better than men in almost every country surveyed, the report said, but this gender gap is absent in the very high-proficiency countries in Northern Europe.
European countries, particularly the Nordic nations, continue to outperform other regions, claiming the top 10 slots in the ranking.
Bitfinex, the largest cryptocurrency exchange , and Tether, which issues dollar-pledged cryptocurrency, have finally broken their silence.A spokesperson for both companies yesterday blamed "questionable actors" for causing doubts about them. He expressed the commitment of Bitfinex to being the "most transparent cryptocurrency exchange". He also slammed the biggest Bitfinex critic "Bitfinex'd" for being an anonymous social media user who makes allegations without even revealing his/her own identity. Conversely, he explained that Bitfinex is transparent and led by a strong team of managers - though, interestingly, he did not name any of those managers, and their names are not listed on the company's website.One noteworthy thing to take from the statement is the confirmation that there is a link between Bitfinex and Tether. This has long been speculated, but it was the Paradise Papers leak that confirmed it. Notably, Tether hasn't identified any of its leaders yet either.The statement about Bitfinex also addressed concerns about Tether's reserves. Apparently, a full audit has been performed and will be released in the near future, while an interim report indicated that the company had $442.9 million committed as of Sept. 15 to back the Tether tokens. However, there are question marks surrounding that report as well.Back on the topic of Bitfinex, the statement apologises for the long silence, citing the company's growing exchange volume as the main reason. It notes that Bitfinex has suffered the same troubles as other cryptocurrency exchanges in that it has lost numerous US-based banking relationships. It said that, in response to this, the roster of international banking partners has been expanded to maintain "consistent liquidity" for traders. No specific banks were named, however, and none of the speculation about the exchange printing Tether tokens to drive up bitcoin prices was, either. All that was said was that financial regulators , compliance personnel and law enforcement were all being worked with to protect customers.
M O D E R N – S U R F
A few weeks ago, I took a 10 day trip to O'ahu – Hawaii! I also decided to rent a water housing and 2x Extender, from Hawaii Photo Rental, to make the trip a bit more interesting. Next time I may rent a bigger lens though, but in the end maybe it would be too close. As far as the water housing, I really wanted to try out surf photography, from the water. I see pretty awesome work from many photographers I follow. Lets just say I wasn't as prepared as I thought. Growing up in Colorado I am used to skiing and being on top of snow. The ocean is a whole different animal with zero control over its power and intensity. As I like to describe it; It's like being in little, 10 to 30 second avalanches. Not only that, the swells we had while I was there were pretty big. Guess I am glad I got that 2x extender to shoot from shore. I did use the water housing but for some snorkeling instead!
I don't consider myself a surf photographer, but with swells and surfers like this, it was hard not to shoot. I am so used to shooting fine art, landscapes or city stuff. Shooting people really isn't my thing, but putting them in my type of environment definitely is. I shot hundreds, if not thousands of surf photos. For a while I had no idea what to do with them all. As I scrolled though them, they looked cool, but not something that really clicked for me, didn't make the cut. A few days is all it took, I don't remember where the inspiration came from, maybe some of my previous photo series. So I found one I had marked and decided to process it with my favorite black and white software, Silver Efex Pro 2 from Nik Software. I got the basic black and white version I wanted. Then I decided to take it to the same style as my architecture series, Man – Made. Which is a lot of Lightroom brushes to darker and lighten area of intrest to me. With Lightroom 5 new Radial Filter this made things a lot easier. I am sure by now you have counted all my spelling and grammar mistakes, so I will stop typing and let you enjoy the photos. Here is Chapter 1 of my Modern Surf series.
Hope you enjoy and feel free to share!
You can purchase these photographs on my SmugMug website here or by clicking on the photo and then clicking the cart icon at the top.
Photography.tobyharriman.com/Photography/Surf
I post my work daily here “everywhere”
Website | facebook | Google+ | Tumblr | Twitter | Flickr | 500px | Stipple | Vimeo | Behance
Chapter 2 of my Modern Surf Series is coming soon
Gear and tech for images: I used a Canon 5D MK III with a Canon 70-200mm f/4 L + 2X Extender. I used my Induro CT214 Tripod but it acted more as a monopod in this situation. The body, lens and extender can get heavy after holding for so long, monopod is key!
It's tricky to invoke 9/11 on a debate stage. Trickier still when the question has nothing at all to do with national security.
Bernie Sanders slammed Hillary Clinton's ties to Wall Street, stating that her plans to reform the financial industry are "not good enough."
Why, Sanders asked, has Wall Street been a "major contributor" to Clinton's campaign? "Maybe they're dumb and don't know what they're going to get, but I don't think so," he said.
Clinton defended herself.
"He has basically used his answer to impugn my integrity, let's be frank here," Clinton said, noting she has "hundreds of thousands" of donors, many of them small.
And then: Sept. 11.
"I represented New York and I represented New York on 9/11 when we were attacked. Where we were attacked? We were attacked in downtown Manhattan where Wall Street is," she said.
"I did spend a whole lot of time and effort helping them rebuild; that was good for New York, that was good for the economy and it was a way to rebuke the terrorists who had attacked our country. It's fine for you to say what you're going to say but ... my proposal is tougher, more effective and more comprehensive because I go after all of Wall Street, not just the big banks," she said.
Twitter was incredulous.
Wait, Hillary Clinton's answer is Wall Street supports me because 9/11? — Ezra Klein (@ezraklein) November 15, 2015
And opposing campaigns pounced.
My dad worked in WTC from the day it was built to the day it went down. @HillaryClinton, never invoke 9/11 to justify your Wall St positions — Lis Smith (@Lis_Smith) November 15, 2015
Moderator Nancy Cordes read one of the Twitter responses to Clinton. Was she sorry she'd brought up the attacks?
“I'm sorry that whoever tweeted that had that impression because I worked closely with New Yorkers after 9/11 for my entire first term to rebuild, so yes, I did know people. I've had a lot of folks who give me donations from all kinds of backgrounds say, 'I don't agree with you on everything but I like what you do, I like how you stand up, I'm going to support you," Clinton said.
There's a lot of talk this season about the mind-boggling talents of Stephen Curry, Russell Westbrook, Anthony Davis and James Harden. That's cool. They're all really good and completely deserving of whatever praise is bestowed upon them.
But amid all these other talents, let's not forget to appreciate this man:
LeBron James is already in his 12th season in the league, and he's logged just under two-seasons worth of playoff games on top of that. He's a remarkable athlete, but, despite all evidence to the contrary, he's not superhuman, and he's not going to be in his prime forever.
We need to appreciate his once-in-a-generation talent now. Not at his retirement ceremony. Not after he's gone. Now. LeBron believes he will finish his career as one of the best to ever play the game, and he's right. Even if he retired today, LeBron would have put together one of the most astonishing NBA careers we've ever seen.
To prove this is so -- and because I personally enjoy sifting through Basketball-Reference.com without any real reason -- I decided to pull together some stats and comparisons that will hopefully put his talent and career thus far in perspective.
For example, LeBron already has more MVPs than Larry Bird and Magic Johnson.
And more regular season points than Allen Iverson.
In fact, only two people, Michael Jordan and Wilt Chamberlain, have had higher points-per-game averages during their career than LeBron.
LeBron has a higher true shooting percentage than Dirk Nowitzki, and a higher offensive rating than Kevin Durant.
He also has a higher offensive rating than some guy named Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.
And a better defensive rating than defensive aces like Andrew Bogut and Marc Gasol.
He's played the same number of regular games as Magic Johnson.
And more playoff games than Paul Pierce.
He's logged more regular season minutes than Isiah Thomas.
And more playoff minutes than John Stockton.
He's converted more field goals than Larry Bird.
And more free throws than Hakeem Olajuwon.
He's even tossed out more assists than Jerry West.
He's averaged more rebounds per game over his career than Rasheed Wallace.
And more assists per game than Stephen Curry.
He has more playoff blocks than Karl Malone and more playoff steals than Gary Payton.
As well as more playoff rebounds than David Robinson.
And more playoff assists than Bob Cousy.
And more playoff points than Wilt Chamberlain.
When it comes to advanced metrics, LeBron really shines. His career PER only lags behind MJ. And his career plus-minus only lags behind … no one. He's at the top.
Every able bodied free Avesian man is required to keep weapons, practice with them at least twice a year and when the need arises take up said weapons. With a high ratio of slaves to freemen in their small kingdom it's a necessity in case of servile revolt. Nowadays most make do with a musket (many of which are now made on the islands as a number of refugees from the Black Ports had managed to expand the local firearms industry considerably) and a mace, axe or dirk with a basic helmet. Those with more money generally have better equipment. Many consider the militia duties a chore outside of home defense while others take to it with enthusiasm, getting the best (or at the least showy) weapons and armor they can and putting in more than the minimum. Said groups are organized into militia companies led by members of noble houses. Many of said nobles have something of a historical bent to them and buy gear modeled on those made in the style of the First, Second or Third Empires or other historic powers. But regardless baring a few veterans, settled mercenaries and pirates and bar fights said forces are untested, both officers and men. Even those officers who focus a fair amount of time into the job are generally more playing at it.
First picture from Sony's curved CMOS sensor
Sony is currently working on a curved CMOS image sensor to allow for higher sensitivity, less distortion and a simpler lens system. It is only at the development stage right now with Sony developing two chips: one full-size chip (43mm) suitable for digital cameras and a smaller chip (11mm) suitable for mobile phones. See here for more details on this from our initial post.
The first image from the curved CMOS sensor has been published by Nikkei, which you can see below. There's not much you can tell from it and there's no raw image file so there's not much to analyse. However, it does highlight that progress is being made. The report from Nikkei says that Sony is gearing up for the mass production process. We'll keep you posted on this exciting new camera technology.
Via SAR.
Thanks Clarence!
The White House is almost ready to issue guidance to the Pentagon on the implementation of President Trump's proposal to ban transgender people from serving in the military.
The Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday that a White House memo will direct the Defense Department on details related to Trump's intention to bar transgender people from joining the military.
Under the new policy, Defense Secretary James Mattis James Norman MattisTrump backs off total Syria withdrawal Grass-roots campaign backs Mattis for public office Overnight Defense: Dems tee up Tuesday vote against Trump's emergency declaration | GOP expects few defections | Trump doubles number of troops staying in Syria to 400 MORE would have to consider a service member's ability to deploy in deciding whether to remove them from the military.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump announced via Twitter last month that he would reinstate a ban on transgender military service that was lifted last year under former President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE.
Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, had clarified that there would be no practical modifications to Pentagon policies until the White House issued detailed guidance on the reimplemented ban.
“Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail,” Trump tweeted.
The president said at the time that he had made the determination after consulting with his "generals and military expert." The announcement, however, reportedly took Pentagon officials by surprise. Several members of the military openly opposed the decision.
The Pentagon said after Trump's announcement that its policies would not change until the White House issued new guidance.
A Rand Corp. study commissioned last year estimated that there are between 1,320 and 1,600 transgender people serving openly in the U.S. military.
The announcement drew bipartisan condemnation, including from Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.), the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, who admonished Trump for making such a proclamation on Twitter and defended transgender military service.
“There is no reason to force service members who are able to fight, train, and deploy to leave the military — regardless of their gender identity," he said in a statement.
Isn't It Romantic BUY TICKETS New York City architect Natalie works hard to get noticed at her job but is more likely to be asked to deliver coffee and bagels than to design the city's next skyscraper. And if things weren't bad enough, Natalie, a lifelong cynic when it comes to love, has an encounter with a mugger that renders her unconscious, waking to discover that her life has suddenly become her worst nightmare — a romantic comedy — and she is the leading lady. MPAA Rating: PG-13 Showtimes for ISN'T IT ROMANTIC at the Crescent Theater in Mobile, AL – 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:00 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:00 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:00 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:00 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:00 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:00 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:00 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:00 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:00 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:00 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:00 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:00 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:00 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:00 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:00 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:00 PM Purchase Tickets for ISN'T IT ROMANTIC
Rocky Horror Picture Show BUY TICKETS It's the weird and wonderful as newly engaged couple Brad and Janet encounter a problem when they car halts in the rain. They both look for contact only to find themselves at the castle of Dr. Frank-N-Furter, a transvestite. A place to stay is offered, but will Brad and Janet want to remain there? Especially when a large group of Transylvanians dance to the ‘Time Warp', Dr. Frank-N-Furter builds his own man and a whole host of participation for the audience to enjoy. Presented by The Mystic Society of Rocky Horror. Audience participation is encouraged! All props and costumes are allowed EXCEPT food. The Mystic Society of Rocky Horror will sell $5 bags containing all of the allowed props in the lobby before each show, but you may bring your own. MPAA Rating: R Rocky Horror Picture Show returns Mardi Gras 2019 Showtimes for ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW at the Crescent Theater in Mobile, AL – 8:30 PM
– 8:30 PM
– 8:30 PM
– 8:30 PM
– CLOSED FAT TUESDAY
– 8:30 PM
– 6:00 PM Purchase Tickets for ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW
Captain Marvel BUY TICKETS Carol Danvers becomes one of the universe's most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. Set in the 1990s, Captain Marvel is an all-new adventure from a previously unseen period in the history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Starring: Brie Larson, Samuel L. Jackson, Gemma Chan MPAA Rating: PG-13 CAPTAIN MARVEL opens March 8th, 2019 at the Crescent Theater, with a preview screening on March 7th, 2019. Showtimes for CAPTAIN MARVEL at the Crescent Theater in Mobile, AL – 8:30 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 11:00 AM, 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 11:00 AM, 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 11:00 AM, 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 11:00 AM, 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 11:00 AM, 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 11:00 AM, 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM
– 2:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 8:30 PM Purchase Tickets for CAPTAIN MARVEL
New project management articles published on the web during the week of October 12 – 18. We give you a clear view, so you can read what interests you. Recommended:
Must read!
Steve Cheney explains how Steve Jobs positioned Apple to dominate the world for the next ten years, when everything including electric cars will be simply a mobile device.
John Goodpasture explains bureaucracy as an organization where “No” has more power than ”Yes.” Think of it as institutionalized hesitation.
Martin Abbott and Mike Fisher contrast two organizational mindsets: IT service delivery, and technology product development. They need very different management approaches!
Established Methods
Harry Hall shows why you need a complete understanding of the risks and issues before you develop a risk response.
Allen Ruddock looks at risk and issue management at the program and portfolio level.
Henny Portman reviews two more “little” books from Nine Feet Tall: “The little book of Portfolio Management” and “The little book of Project Methodologies.”
Andy Jordan examines the challenges of establishing a management structure for large projects.
Glen Alleman debunks Hofstadter's Law: “It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law.”
Ryan Ogilvie opens with the question,” Is your Service Desk still relevant?” It's all about interacting with customers.
Agile Methods
Mike Griffiths details the human resources practice of talent management, as applied to Agile teams.
Bruce Harpham has collected ten resources for project managers who want to get a better understanding of Agile methods.
Mike Cohn uses a restaurant example to demonstrate that changing requirements have a cost, even if it's not made visible to the customer.
Applied Leadership
Elizabeth Harrin on IT projects: “There is no dichotomy of IT and ‘the business.' IT is part of the business.” Hear, hear!
Cyndee Miller summarizes the lessons learned from David Robertson's PMI Keynote address on how Lego got away from “disruptive innovation” and re-engaged their customers.
Seth Godin extends our understanding of infrastructure, to include culture.
Pawel Brodzinski that there is no safe way to experiment with culture.
Suzanne Lucas has rounded up five online classes that will help you brush up on key leadership skills.
Steven Levy presents a mix of common, uncommon, and whimsical clocks, and their meaning to our working lives.
Podcasts and Videos
Cesar Abeid interviews instructor Maria Matarelli on the Certified Scrum Master program and the PMI Agile Certified Practitioner certification. Just 38 minutes, safe for work.
Cornelius Fichtner interviews Victor Carter-Bey on the PMI Talent Triangle, and coming changes to PMP continuing education requirements. Just 35 minutes, safe for work.
Jon Whitty deconstructs the “capability engine” of a café to produce a great cup of coffee as six business elements, all in balance – the Syllk model. Just six minutes, safe for work.
Bryan Orr interviews Cesar Abeid on his new book, “Project Management for You,” and how project management applies to small business. Just 20 minutes, safe for work.
The Electric Cloud hosts a panel discussion on Agile in Large Enterprises with Johanna Rothman, Todd Decapua, Josh Sieden, and Todd Miller. Not quite an hour, safe for work.
Elise Stevens interviews Gillian Klette on managing organizational change as if the current state were a dance, and you are changing the rhythm. Just 15 minutes, safe for work.
Enjoy!
Share this: Tumblr
Pinterest
Print
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
National Beer Day is this Friday. (Or, if you're like us, it's more or less every day.) To celebrate, our brewmaster friends in South Dakota are cooking up some special brews for the best day on the calendar.
Check out some of these offerings from the Mount Rushmore State:
Lost Cabin Beer Co. in Rapid City is now unveiling its Saison de Roubaix, which is fermented with ginger, rhubarb and locally sourced French Saison yeast.
Firehouse Brewing Company, also of Rapid City, was South Dakota's first brew pub. This National Beer Day, sojourners to the state's second-largest city can enjoy the Bogus Jim Spruce, which contains actual spruce tips from the nearby Black Hills in lieu of hops.
In Spearfish, South Dakota, Crow Peak Brewery is joining up with Leones' Creamery to create a new ice cream infused with Crow Peak's Pile O' Dirty Porter. (We're sure it's better than it sounds.)
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
View the photo gallery: JMI Realty convention/stadium proposals
The builders of Petco Park have unveiled a $1.4 billion plan that could produce more space for conventions and a new stadium for the Chargers at less cost than if built independently.
The plan, shared with U-T San Diego last week, comes just as city officials and the hotel industry are trying to decide what do about an Aug. 1 appellate court decision that threw the proposed $520 million San Diego Convention Center expansion into jeopardy. It also offers the chance to solve the Chargers' objections to playing at Qualcomm Stadium. There are least five other alternatives available to the city.
JMI Realty, former Padres owner John Moore's real estate company that oversaw the ballpark district master plan, has shared its ideas with the city, Chargers and other stakeholders, and plans to meet with other groups in coming weeks.
The JMI concept, with multiple options, may not please everyone, but if offers at least one way out of the legal limbo for the convention center, which tourism industry leaders say needs to be bigger to accommodate growing convention business.
“The bottom line is you can physically create a multiuse facility with the Chargers that would be incredibly sexy and attractive and the whole issue of conventions and the appetite for being in a building like that would be very high,“ said JMI President John Kratzer. “And I think the aggregate cost of doing that is going to be hundreds of millions of dollars less expensive,” he said.
Would you vote for a hotel occupancy tax increase that would go toward funding expansion of the San Diego Convention Center? Yes 64% (2152) No 36% (1198) 3350 total votes.
This overhead view of downtown from Google Maps shows the convention center in the lower left and Tailgate Park and the MTS bus yard right of Petco Park. — Google Maps
The proposed sites are across the railroad tracks from the convention center, generally east of Petco Park.
Even before the court ruling was handed down, Kratzer had ordered up architectural studies and economic analyses three months ago to explore alternatives. The fundamental conclusion was that if expansion were impossible, a nearby annex could achieve many of the same goals, mainly more space than is currently available — and a new football Chargers stadium as well.
“From my perspective,” Kratzer said, “the real message here is we all need to lock arms and acknowledge that that bayfront project is perhaps doomed. I'm not sure if the city's got some brilliant ideas on how to resurrect it, but the question becomes are there alternatives and the answer is yes.”
The downside of building an annex is that the city would not end up with 750,000 square feet of contiguous space that very large conventions desire — and from which convention groups get most of their revenue. The current exhibit halls encompass 525,000 square feet.
But the upside of an annex, Kratzer said, is that two conventions could be more easily accommodated at the same time. He also said the cost of both convention and stadium projects would be less than standalone facilities. His consultants estimate the current convention center expansion cost at $680 million — $160 million more than the current budget — and a Chargers stadium at $1.15 billion, not counting site acquisition and environmental cleanup. JMI did not ask its consultants for a financing plan, leaving that crucial detail to the city to work out.
Unlike an earlier Chargers proposal, the stadium playing field would not be designed to accommodate convention exhibitors but other aspects of the stadium could be designed for convention use and thereby save $400 million off the $1.8 billion pricetag for a stand-alone stadium and an expanded convention center.
Although convention planners prefer to keep their meetings at one location, Kratzer said Comic-Con International has proved it can successfully expand outside into surrounding Gaslamp Quarter hotels and open space.
“I think in our climate you've got a chance to turn something others view as a negative into a positive,” Kratzer said. “In a noncontiguous format, you've got the ability to spread the convention out and take advantage of San Diego's greatest asset, which is the weather.”
JMI offered four scenarios for the city to consider and shared three new renderings and floor plans:
Annex: Build a convention center annex on Tailgate Park east of Petco Park and on part of the MTS bus yard. It would include the same 400,000 square feet in exhibit, meeting and ballroom space proposed in the current center expansion plan. The cost would be $457 million, $63 million less than the present expansion budget of $520 million and $123 million less than a new estimate of $680 million prepared by JMI consultants.
Build a convention center annex on Tailgate Park east of Petco Park and on part of the MTS bus yard. It would include the same 400,000 square feet in exhibit, meeting and ballroom space proposed in the current center expansion plan. The cost would be $457 million, $63 million less than the present expansion budget of $520 million and $123 million less than a new estimate of $680 million prepared by JMI consultants. Annex-hotel combination: Restrict the annex only to Tailgate park, where a two-level exhibit hall would be built. Meeting and ballroom space would be included in the JMI hotel site. Cost estimate: $602 million. It's unclear whether enough room would be left over for a stadium immediately east.
combination: Restrict the annex only to Tailgate park, where a two-level exhibit hall would be built. Meeting and ballroom space would be included in the JMI hotel site. Cost estimate: $602 million. It's unclear whether enough room would be left over for a stadium immediately east. Stadium and convention expansion: Build the Chargers stadium, as the team earlier proposed, and expand the convention center as currently approved. Combined cost: $1.836 billion, including the higher cost estimate for the center expansion.
Build the Chargers stadium, as the team earlier proposed, and expand the convention center as currently approved. Combined cost: $1.836 billion, including the higher cost estimate for the center expansion. Joint-use facility: Develop a joint-use facility with the exhibit hall below the football field and the meeting and ballroom space in an attached building with views of the field and bay. Cost estimate: $1.42 billion, $416 million less than two separate facilities.
Chargers counsel Mark Fabiani declined to comment publicly on the JMI plan. But he has repeatedly said the team hopes to work out a plan that would deliver a new stadium to the team — either at the present Qualcomm Stadium site or downtown.
City officials and hotel industry insiders also declined comment with the mayor's office saying it is looking at all options, meeting with stakeholders and hoping to “create a path forward that will be broadly supported by the community.”
Cory Briggs, the attorney who won the appellate court case, still has two lawsuits pending against the California Coastal Commission for its approval of the convention center expansion based on environmental objections to expanding on the waterfront. He said he might support a plan that relocates the convention center expansion but complained critics like him have been excluded.
“When you refuse to negotiate and instead try to force something down the public's throat, the public goes out and hires lawyers who know how to ferret out illegal manipulations, financing, planning etc.,” Briggs said in an email, “and those lawyers file lawsuits to make sure the law is followed and the public is protected.”
Joe Terzi, president and CEO of the San Diego Tourism Authority, said it's too early to reject any alternative or to abandon the current expansion plan, which has been in the works for five years.
“It would be foolish at this point not to look at all potential options, including are there additional funding opportunities for the existing plan, including how to deal with the issue of a new stadium,” Terzi said.
Tom Shepard, the political consultant who worked on the 1983 and 1998 convention center ballot measures and the 1998 Petco measure, said the earlier efforts involved extensive outreach that resulted in ballot victories.
“If the mayor and other stakeholders commit themselves to an open process and can come up with a financing plan that protects the general fund and offers a vision for the public benefit beyond just having a sports stadium and a convention center expansion, I think San Diego voters will support it,” Shepard said.
Already, San Diego is likely to pay a price for further delay. Several groups had booked the convention center based on its expansion coming in 2017 or ‘18. Now, even if a new plan can be reached, completion might not come until 2020 or even later.
Negotiations are under way to extend Comic-Con's contract beyond 2016 and groups, particularly high-spending medical conventions, wanting more space are being urged to stick with San Diego.
“But the likelihood of several of these making a decision to move elsewhere for their future conventions is pretty clear,” Terzi said.
Lynn Reaser, economist at Point Loma Nazarene University said San Diego's tourism economy could weather the loss of a bigger convention center.
“We would still have a significant tourism business — it's just not as large as it could be,” she said.
The six options available
• Appeal the court decision
The City Council has until Sept. 10 to file an appeal with the state Supreme Court, but it is unknown if the court would accept the case and how long it would take to reach a ruling. Meanwhile, other legal challenges could keep the project in limbo for years. Said Joe Terzi, head of the San Diego Tourism Authority: “I just don't see where an appeal has a (good) chance,” he said. City Attorney Jan Goldsmith did not weigh the chances but he was not encouraging in his Aug. 4 memo to the council: “This court of appeal decision is the first appellate court ruling on the issue and is quite strong.”
• Seek voter approval of the hotel tax increase
It's too late to place the measure on the Nov. 4 ballot but the city could hold a special election in 2015 or put the measure on the June or November 2016 ballot. However, voters could face other measures involving bonds and taxes, including a $1 billion city infrastructure bond question. Two-thirds approval of the current funding plan would be hard to achieve, convention backers conceded. But it's possible a new financing plan could be prepared that would require a simple majority. The downside of further delay is that costs keep rising and ever more money would be needed to fill the gap. And there's always a chance of more legal challenges.
• Develop alternative funding
Terzi thinks a larger convention center could boost annual hotel room taxes from the present $170 million to $250 million and the increase could be used to repay construction bonds for the project. The risk is that the increase might fall short of projections and the city would have to fall back on existing hotel tax revenues that support other city services. Heywood Sanders, a University of Texas professor of public administration and author of the recently released book, “Convention Center Follies,” said many cities have projected higher attendance revenue from expanded convention centers that never materialized. “You're facing a situation where folks competing against you can simply outbid you,” he said.
• Drop the expansion and build an annex
This approach by JMI Realty would eliminate the environmental objections to expanding on the bayfront and potentially could be cheaper and less complicated. But it would not yield the larger 750,000-square-foot contiguous exhibit space that very large groups want in San Diego. It faces the same funding challenges as the present expansion plan and would require new design and environmental analysis.
• Forget the expansion
The city and convention goers would save money but San Diego would slip behind other convention cities that are expanding their facilities. Sanders, the Texas professor, said the convention business actually represents a rather small part of any city's tourism business. “If the goal is to boost visitor activity, you can boost it conceivably with a new theme park.”
• Build a stadium whose field doubles as exhibitor space
That was the Chargers' pitch when it proposed to divert convention center expansion tax revenues to a new downtown stadium. But convention planners said that approach would not appeal to groups because the location is several blocks from the present center and their schedules can't be changed if an unscheduled sporting event, such as a Super Bowl playoff, intervenes. Some cities do use indoor playing fields for convention gatherings, but not often for exhibitors. One of the JMI choices would locate exhibit space below the playing field and meeting and ballroom space in an attached building.
Internationally renowned indigenous activist Winona LaDuke is coming to UCSB at 7 p.m. Monday, May 15, in Pollock Theater to speak to the successes and continued struggles faced by Native American tribes.
LaDuke's talk will follow a screening of the short film, Mni Wiconi, or Water is Life. The Chumash Coastal Band will formally welcome LaDuke for the showing of Lucien Reed's 2016 film.
Congregating at the Oceti Sakowin Camp in North Dakota, the largest historical gathering of Native American tribes rose to national and international attention as they and their allies stood in solidarity against the Dakota Access Pipeline.
LaDuke is the executive director and co-founder of Honor the Earth, and will speak on the triumphs and tribulations of members of the indigenous community from Standing Rock to Washington, D.C., and beyond.
Tickets are free but reservations are required. They can be obtained online at bit.ly/mcc-winona.
For more information about LaDuke and her organization, visit www.honorearth.org.
For more information about the MultiCultural Center, visit www.mcc.ucsb.edu.
— Carol Dinh for UCSB MultiCultural Center.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
News broke Friday and Saturday that the Czech Republic, Italy and The Netherlands have decided to pull out of the upcoming UN “anti-racism” extravaganza known as Durban III. Canada, Israel, and the United States have already given thumbs down to the event, which the UN is bringing to US shores on September 22, 2011. While Americans will be mourning the 10th anniversary of 9/11, the United Nations in New York will be “commemorating” the 10th anniversary of the first Durban conference – an outpouring of the kind of intolerance and xenophobia which fuels terrorism in the first place.
The Czech, Italian and Dutch moves come a few days after U.N. negotiators quietly circulated a draft of the final declaration that will be adopted at the conclusion of Durban III. Although the writing had been on the wall for a very long time, the alarm bells could no longer be ignored. The “political declaration” focuses particularly on what it calls “victims of racism.” And the Durban Declaration emanating from South Africa names only one state victimizer – Israel. The Palestinian people are listed as victims of racism.
The Zionism-is-racism mantra, the Durban formula being its most recent incarnation, has been circulating around the UN for decades. It is the cornerstone of the effort to delegitimize the Jewish state and invoke lethal politics when other weaponry falls short. These days, the campaign is headquartered in a working group of the UN General Assembly that is tasked with squaring the circle: reaffirming the contemptible message of the Durban Declaration under a veil of human rights gibberish.Czech, Italian and Dutch diplomats, however, can read. The current draft of the final declaration for Durban III says that the UN must “incorporate the implementation of the Durban Declaration into the human rights mainstreaming in the UN system” and demands an intensification of “efforts at the local, national, regional and international levels aimed at the full and effective implementation” of instruments like the Durban Declaration and beyond.And there's more. The Organization of Islamic Cooperation managed to insert a demand for “cultural diversity, solidarity and harmony.” That's the typical UN prescription for stifling free speech—avoiding any action to stop Syrian butchers, for example—and generally keeping criticism of Islamic anti-human rights predilections off the table.The countries from the so-called non-aligned movement, which comprises 115 developing countries, have also incorporated into the political declaration a claim that “poverty,” “underdevelopment,” and “economic disparities” are “closely associated with racism and racial discrimination.” That's a familiar form of extortion that starts by labeling donor countries racists.The Czech Republic, Italy and The Netherlands rightly decided they'd had enough. Earlier this month they had warned negotiators that a Durban III political declaration would have to reject the part of the original Durban Declaration that singled out Israel because it was antithetical to the fight against racism. They came to the realization it was a lost cause.Other Western states, however, are playing a quite different role, in particular Norway and Switzerland. These two countries have decided to take the lead in championing the Durban Declaration in all its manifestations and to fall in lock step with Arab and Islamic priorities.Still other European Union countries like Britain and France have expressed a willingness to go the cover-up route, although their verbal gymnastics defy imagination. In June the General Assembly adopted a resolution on the organization of Durban III that stated: “the closing plenary meeting will comprise…the adoption of a short and concise political declaration aimed at mobilizing political will.” That's an odd sentence apparently ending in mid-stream. It was the EU's idea to omit the words which came after “political will.” In December 2010 the General Assembly resolution promoting Durban III referred to mobilizing political will “for the full and effective implementation of the Durban Declaration.” When the EU floated the idea of not finishing the sentence or of incorporating a technical reference to the December resolution that nobody would read, the meeting's co-chair gave them a nod and said he appreciated their interests in subterfuge.The next round of "negotiations," at which Western states will be dressed-down and manipulated by the racism charge coming from the Islamic world and others, will be held at UN headquarters on July 28.Whatever rhetorical devices are contrived behind closed doors, the bottom line remains: Durban III is all about commemorating an event that is forever tainted with anti-Semitism and intolerance. The admirable decision by the Czech Republic and Italy is a wake-up call for other democracies still pretending otherwise.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
After a preliminary hit-out at a Lakeside ride session on Friday, Marcos Ambrose is today having his first full test aboard Dick Johnson Racing's Xbox Ford.
The 38-year-old will spend today and Thursday pounding around Queensland Raceway in preparation for his V8 Supercars racing return at the NRMA Sydney 500.
DJR saved the final two of its three annual private test days for Ambrose, whose car will be the sole focus of the track running.
There will be no shortage of tyres available to the Xbox entry, which enjoys access to both the #16 and #17 tyre banks for the tests.
It has also been allocated four sets of new tyres under the wildcard rules, from which its pre-marked rubber for the Sydney race meeting's practice sessions will be selected.
Friday saw Ambrose settle into the seat of the #66 Falcon but, with passengers on board and no provision for set-up changes, the real work begins today.
CLICK HERE for Ambrose's initial impressions of the DJR Falcon from Friday.
“The plan is not so much to tune the car to the track, but just to give Marcos a sense of how the adjustments work and behave,” DJR technical director Nick Hughes told Speedcafe.com.
“It'll just be a process of stepping through different adjustments and letting him feel out how it changes the balance.
“With his level of experience we're super excited to hear his feedback and thoughts as well. It'll be a bit of a learning process for everyone.
“He's well aware that the cars are different from when he last drove them, so he's very interested to learn more about them.
“We've got a few development parts and pieces that we'll run across the car, probably on Thursday, but that's not so much the focus, it's more about getting him comfortable.”
While the wildcard is allowing Ambrose to get back into the groove ahead of a full-time return next season, the early installation of Penske-appointed Hughes will also play a key role in ensuring the team hits the ground running next year.
“It's been a really good opportunity for me to get a feel for these cars, how they work and how the racing works,” he explained, having started with the team in August, ahead of the joint-venture agreement being signed off.
“We've been able to establish some thoughts and ideas for what to work on in the off-season so that we can prepare for next year.
“The focus (of the team's engineering department) at the moment is very much on what we're going to bring to the track next year, which makes these few months of learning very valuable.
“The cars are quite unique and it takes time to learn and get a feel for these things. It's been a good opportunity to get a little bit of a jump on next year.”
The Sydney race meeting is expected to be the final track hit-out for the team and Ambrose prior to Sydney Motorsport Park's compulsory pre-season test on February 7-8
There, DJR Team Penske will roll out Ambrose's Falcon with an upgraded FG X aerodynamic package that is being developed by Ford Performance Racing.
While Hughes hopes to incorporate a variety of weight saving and cooling improvements as part of the model changeover, he says that the remainder of the team's package at the start of next year will only be a mild evolution of DJR's current car.
“These cars and the field are so competitive that you've really got to be on top of everything,” he said when asked of the biggest areas for improvement.
“We've been able to identify some lower hanging fruit which is what we'll go for first, but really we're looking at everything.
“Everyone likes the idea of being able to roll out a big change for the new season, but when you take out Christmas there's really not a lot of time,” he added.
“With the model change as well there's a lot on our plate.
“It's going to be a continual evolution that we work on during the year, not just the off-season.”
CLICK HERE for Ambrose's thoughts on the DJR Team Penske development program.
The Amarna letters (; sometimes referred to as the Amarna correspondence or Amarna tablets, and cited with the abbreviation EA) are an archive, written on clay tablets, primarily consisting of diplomatic correspondence between the Egyptian administration and its representatives in Canaan and Amurru during the New Kingdom, between c. 1360-1332 BC (see here for dates). The letters were found in Upper Egypt at el-Amarna, the modern name for the ancient Egyptian capital of Akhetaten, founded by pharaoh Akhenaten (1350s – 1330s BC) during the Eighteenth dynasty of Egypt. The Amarna letters are unusual in Egyptological research, because they are mostly written in a script known as Akkadian cuneiform, the writing system of ancient Mesopotamia, rather than that of ancient Egypt, and the language used has sometimes been characterised as a mixed language, Canaanite-Akkadian.[1] The written correspondence spans a period of at most thirty years.[citation needed]
The known tablets total 382, 358 of which have been published by the Norwegian Assyriologist Jørgen Alexander Knudtzon's in his work, Die El-Amarna-Tafeln, which came out in two volumes (1907 and 1915) and remains the standard edition to this day.[1][2] The texts of the remaining 24 complete or fragmentary tablets excavated since Knudtzon have also been made available.[1]
The Amarna letters are of great significance for biblical studies as well as Semitic linguistics, since they shed light on the culture and language of the Canaanite peoples in pre-biblical times. The letters, though written in Akkadian, are heavily colored by the mother tongue of their writers, who spoke an early form of Canaanite, the language family which would later evolve into its daughter languages, Hebrew and Phoenician. These "Canaanisms" provide valuable insights into the proto-stage of those languages several centuries prior to their first actual manifestation.[3][4]
The letters [ edit ]
These letters, comprising cuneiform tablets written primarily in Akkadian – the regional language of diplomacy for this period – were first discovered around 1887 by local Egyptians who secretly dug most of them from the ruined city of Amarna, and sold them in the antiquities market. They had originally been stored in an ancient building that archaeologists have since called the Bureau of Correspondence of Pharaoh. Once the location where they were found was determined, the ruins were explored for more. The first archaeologist who successfully recovered more tablets was Flinders Petrie, who in 1891 and 1892 uncovered 21 fragments. Émile Chassinat, then director of the French Institute for Oriental Archaeology in Cairo, acquired two more tablets in 1903. Since Knudtzon's edition, some 24 more tablets, or fragments, have been found, either in Egypt, or identified in the collections of various museums.[5]
The initial group of letters recovered by local Egyptians have been scattered among museums in Germany, England, Egypt, France, Russia, and the United States. Either 202 or 203 tablets are at the Vorderasiatisches Museum in Berlin; 99 are at the British Museum in London;[6] 49 or 50 are at the Egyptian Museum in Cairo; 7 at the Louvre in Paris; 3 at the Pushkin Museum in Moscow; and 1 in the collection of the Oriental Institute in Chicago.[7]
The archive contains a wealth of information about cultures, kingdoms, events and individuals in a period from which few written sources survive. It includes correspondence from Akhenaten's reign (Akhenaten who was also titled Amenhotep IV), as well as his predecessor Amenhotep III's reign. The tablets consist of over 300 diplomatic letters; the remainder comprise miscellaneous literary and educational materials. These tablets shed much light on Egyptian relations with Babylonia, Assyria, Syria, Canaan, and Alashiya (Cyprus) as well as relations with the Mitanni, and the Hittites. The letters have been important in establishing both the history and the chronology of the period. Letters from the Babylonian king, Kadashman-Enlil I, anchor the timeframe of Akhenaten's reign to the mid-14th century BC. They also contain the first mention of a Near Eastern group known as the Habiru, whose possible connection with the Hebrews — due to the similarity of the words and their geographic location — remains debated. Other rulers involved in the letters include Tushratta of Mitanni, Lib'ayu of Shechem, Abdi-Heba of Jerusalem, and the quarrelsome king, Rib-Hadda, of Byblos, who, in over 58 letters, continuously pleads for Egyptian military help. Specifically, the letters include requests for military help in the north against Hittite invaders, and in the south to fight against the Habiru.[8]
Letter summary [ edit ]
Map of the ancient Near East during the Amarna period, showing the great powers of the period: Egypt (green), Mycenaean Greece (orange), Hatti (yellow), the Kassite kingdom of Babylon (purple), Assyria (grey), and Mitanni (red). Lighter areas show direct control, darker areas represent spheres of influence.
Amarna Letters are politically arranged in rough counterclockwise fashion:
001–014 Babylonia
015–016 Assyria
017–030 Mitanni
031–032 Arzawa
033–040 Alashiya
041–044 Hatti
045–380+ Syria/Lebanon/Canaan
Amarna Letters from Syria/Lebanon/Canaan are distributed roughly:
045–067 Syria
068–227 Lebanon (where 68–140 are from Gubla aka Byblos)
227–380 Canaan (written mostly in the Canaano-Akkadian language).
Amarna letters list [ edit ]
Note: Many assignments are tentative; spellings vary widely. This is just a guide.
Chronology [ edit ]
William L. Moran summarizes the state of the chronology of these tablets as follows:
Despite a long history of inquiry, the chronology of the Amarna letters, both relative and absolute, presents many problems, some of bewildering complexity, that still eludes definitive solution. Consensus obtains only about what is obvious, certain established facts, and these provide only a broad framework within which many and often quite different reconstructions of the course of events reflected in the Amarna letters are possible and have been defended. ...The Amarna archive, it is now generally agreed, spans at most about thirty years, perhaps only fifteen or so.[9]
From the internal evidence, the earliest possible date for this correspondence is the final decade of the reign of Amenhotep III, who ruled from 1388 to 1351 BC (or 1391 to 1353 BC), possibly as early as this king's 30th regnal year; the latest date any of these letters were written is the desertion of the city of Amarna, commonly believed to have happened in the second year of the reign of Tutankhamun later in the same century in 1332 BC. Moran notes that some scholars believe one tablet, EA 16, may have been addressed to Tutankhamun's successor Ay.[10] However, this speculation appears improbable because the Amarna archives were closed by Year 2 of Tutankhamun, when this king transferred Egypt's capital from Amarna to Thebes.
Quotations and phrases [ edit ]
A small number of the Amarna letters are in the class of poetry. An example is EA 153, (EA is for 'el Amarna'). EA 153, entitled: "Ships on hold", from Abimilku of Tyre is a short, 20-line letter. Lines 6-8, and 9-11 are parallel phrases, each ending with "...before the troops of the king, my lord."-('before', then line 8, line 11). Both sentences are identical, and repetitive, with only the subject statement changing.
The entire corpus of Amarna letters has many standard phrases. It also has some phrases, and quotations used only once. Some are parables: (EA 252: "...when an ant is pinched (struck), does it not fight back and bite the hand of the man that struck it?"....)
Bird in a Cage [ edit ]
A bird in a cage (Trap)—Rib-Hadda subcorpus of letters. (Rib-Hadda was trapped in Gubla-(Byblos), unable to move freely.)
"A brick may move.." [ edit ]
A brick may move from under its partner, still I will not move from under the feet of the king, my lord.—Used in letters EA 266, 292, and 296. EA 292 by Adda-danu of Gazru.
"For the lack of a cultivator.." [ edit ]
"For the lack of a cultivator, my field is like a woman without a husband."—Rib-Hadda letter EA 75
"Hale like the Sun..." [ edit ]
"And know that the King-(pharaoh) is Hale like the Sun in the Sky. For his troops and his chariots in multitude all goes very well...."—See: Endaruta, for the Short Form; See: Milkilu, for a Long Form. Also found in EA 99: entitled: "From the Pharaoh to a vassal". (with addressee damaged)
"I looked this way, and I looked..." [ edit ]
"I looked this way, and I looked that way, and there was no light. Then I looked towards the king, my lord, and there was light."—EA 266 by Tagi (Ginti mayor); EA 296 by Yahtiru.
"May the Lady of Gubla.." [ edit ]
"May the Lady of Gubla grant power to the king, my lord."—varieties of the phrase in the Rib-Hadda letters
a pot held in pledge [ edit ]
a pot held in pledge—The Pot of a Debt. EA 292 by Adda-danu of Gazru.
7 times and 7 times again [ edit ]
7 times and 7 times—Over and over again 7 times plus 7—EA 189, See: "Etakkama of Kadesh"(title)-(Qidšu)
I fall ... 7 times and 7..."on the back and on the stomach" [ edit ]
I fall, at the feet, ... 7 times and 7 times, "on the back and on the stomach"—EA 316, by Pu-Ba'lu, and used in numerous letters to pharaoh. See: Commissioner: Tahmašši.
when an ant is struck.. [ edit ]
"...when an ant is pinched (struck), does it not fight back and bite the hand of the man that struck it?"—A phrase used by Labayu defending his actions of overtaking cities, EA 252. Title: "Sparing one's enemies".
Example, single letter photo gallery, multiple sides [ edit ]
Amarna letter EA 15, from Ashur-uballit I; see also Amarna letter EA 153.
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Glenn Greenwald achieved fame and notoriety last year as the Guardian columnist who broke the story of former U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden and his vast cache of Top Secret documents.
Now, the American journalist, based in Brazil, continues to reveal how states conduct surveillance through The Intercept, a billionaire-backed online publication he co-edits. And he seems to have a new source inside the U.S. intelligence community that has helped him piece together how states are keeping tabs on allies and adversaries alike.
Mr. Greenwald spoke to The Globe and Mail ahead of a talk with Editor-in-Chief David Walmsley Tuesday, sponsored by The Canadian Journalism Foundation.
Story continues below advertisement
The Canadian government is about to announce new spy legislation with anticipated language securing "Five Eyes" intelligence exchanges.
They [Canada, the U.S., Britain, Australia and New Zealand] end up supporting each other's policies in all sorts of ways, including ways that if they were to think about explicitly supporting, they would be horrified to do. I think that is the case with Canadians as well. … it's the reason the Canadians ended up paying Maher Arar all that money [$10-million], because of the complicity of the government in detaining him. That's very much what the Five Eyes network is – sharing information about your own citizens, and you don't have control over what is done with it by the other governments.
A benefit for Canada is that Five Eyes member states aren't supposed to spy on each other.
Generally, governments are more interested in having their own citizens surveilled than other citizens. This idea of 'Don't worry you're being separated out from the global spying net' is really mythical. A big part about what the Five Eyes alliance is about is that each agency develops technological methods for improving spying, for expanding surveillance capabilities and reach – which means [Communications Security Establishment Canada] is helping the other four agencies do their spying.
You write you almost blew it with Snowden because one of the impediments was familiarizing yourself with the technologies to communicate with him.
People ask me: "Are you embarrassed by it? I'm not. The reality is that every serious national-security journalist in the United States at that time, and even after, was similarly ignorant, if not more so, than I was about the need for security in communications. Now, it's almost never the case that any serious journalist e-mails me without encryption.
How much deference do you give to governments who say, "We need this stuff kept secret for national security?"
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
What keeps me up at night is the opposite criticism. My bigger worry is the archive is so large. There are so many stories left to be reported.
The complaint that we haven't published enough is much more valid. There are some big countries, like Canada, that have had little reporting.
One of the things we haven't had in Canada yet is a PRISM-style disclosure showing us that corporations are in on the spying. Is that something you think is likely?
The most closely guarded secrets, tellingly, are the corporate partners.
It would astonish me if Canadian companies, Internet companies, didn't co-operate with CSEC in all sorts of ways.
But I can't say definitively whether that is true because I haven't done any reporting on that yet.
Story continues below advertisement
In Citizenfour [the soon-to-be released documentary about the Snowden leaks] there's a scene suggesting you have a second leaker.
We very, very carefully analyzed every word that was on screen and we disclosed what we could disclose. Obviously, there is a really difficult environment in the U.S. with any kind of leaks. The government took the initiative and came out publicly and said they think there is another source that's leaking to us.
This interview has been condensed and edited
My second print for my booth's movie postcard set that we'll be selling at this year's Comic Fiesta. I think it could use more rendering but time is short so I'll have to leave it as is.Big Hero 6! My favourite thing about that movie was the relationship between Hiro and Tadashi, so they take up the most space in the composition. I think that was the best part, the rest of the story I thought was just alright and the villain wasn't as cool or interesting as I thought he would be. Funny how Frozen was about sisters and BH6 is about brothers. I felt BH6 did it more satisfyingly, oh the feeeels.I really dig those fish turbine things they had in the movie, but I guess since it's so early from its release I couldn't find a clear ref of them online. I had to go on my vague memory of them and this one fanart(I think?) that has them off in the background so they're probably really off.My other print:Tumblr link:
Edit: I wasn't expecting this post to cause so much debate, but like the one linked just below, the reason I wrote it isn't to be “anti-American” as far too many crybabies are claiming, but because you guys need to read a different perspective and understand how us non-Americans think for a retrospective look at yourselves. I like America and actually live in New York currently, so these are just some thoughts.
Also note that this post isn't about gun laws, but that is one mention of something us non-Americans find insane. I also mention some issues I had in Canada, which is why this title is “North America” and not America. And no, of course I don't think this about “all” Americans. Please read the ENTIRE article before over-reacting.
When I explained 17 cultural reasons why I probably wouldn't move to America, there's an important one that I didn't emphasize, which continues to confuse me:
Why is it that Americans seem to be in a constant state of fear about the world?
This is about both day-to-day life and especially about how bad other countries are. My time in North America at times has indeed been the one place I've felt the least safe out of an entire decade of travelling to over fifty countries, for a few reasons I'll give below, but also simply because of all the fear mongering the states does so well anyway.
I see one consequence of this aspect of American culture to be its need to have so many, and such easily accessible guns, which creates obvious terrible events that do nothing but promote even more fear.
A terrible tragedy hit a school in Connecticut a while ago that you will likely have seen in the news, where many children were shot to death. While perhaps discussing this would be topical, and somewhat proves my point, I actually already had most of this post written before that ever happened. It's just another one of many similar stories that are unfortunately not that uncommon in the states, even if the terrible body count happens to be higher this time.
The reason everyone has so many damn guns in the first place is because of America's fear of everything in the world, that has never been challenged as it has elsewhere. Or when they sometimes claim the guns keep them safe, and other countries are more dangerous, this makes me even more confused.
This illogical fear that America has of other countries has baffled me for as long as I can remember, as I see it as one hell of an exercise in cherry picking bad things happening abroad and blissfully ignoring those happening back home.
Rio and Egypt – too dangerous to visit?
When I was in Rio de Janeiro and talked to Americans, they told me to watch my wallet, and presume that I must have a got-robbed story from having spent an entire year of my life in Brazil. Actually it's one of my favourite countries and when you learn to act more Brazilian you'll find it's a lot easier to blend in with fewer worries.
Sure, I've heard a couple of stories of people getting mugged here in Rio (most cases I've heard have been American tourists who have been very naïve about walking around a poor part of town almost bragging about their wealth in accessories they flaunt; something they'd be unlikely to do in poor districts of American cities), but these add up to a lot less stories compared to how many I've heard of tourists getting mugged in New York City.
When preparing to move to Egypt, and it was a pretty regular thing for people to ask me if I was scared to go, as were protests in particular parts of Cairo at the time. These aren't protests against foreigners, attacks on random people in random places or anything of the sort. They are protests in particular parts of cities, aimed at dissatisfaction with the government, and its policies (more complicated than that, but definitely not directed at foreigners like me). If I see anything dangerous looking, I'll walk the other way.
So no, I wasn't scared. I watched the news and kept note to see how things developed as Egypt tries to find its place in the world. I planned to be cautious, but I have to be cautious and street-smart no matter where I go. If things take a turn for the worst, I'll re-evaluate my travel plans, but as long as I keep my wits about me, I saw this more as an interesting time to visit the country, while it's in such flux, and there are such discussions about its future. It's not a warzone.
Cherry picking stories for biased information
Mainstream news in America makes me want to weep for the world. All you ever hear about coming from other countries is how terrible a place they are.
Faux Fox News is by far the worst of all of them for doing this, and you can see the ridiculous extent they bring this to in this discussion on Amsterdam, which is a “cesspool of corruption and crime and everything is out of control; it's anarchy!”
I've lived in Amsterdam and would merrily walk or cycle home at 3AM with a hat made entirely out of €100 notes before I'd even show people that I have a smartphone a single block away from where I lived in Chicago.
As soon as something bad happens (and statistically, bad things are just as likely to happen anywhere), it's portrayed as that country being dangerous. But rape, murder etc. also happen in America and the causation of it implying “America is dangerous” is never similarly drawn. It's a more vague idea that the world in general is mega dangerous, and other countries are simply more dangerous.
My North American moments
Some of my scariest moments that couldn't have happened elsewhere I've been, have actually all been in North America. Many times this is a direct result of America's fear philosophy when you see so many guns and the nonsensical war on drugs. Ironically, all these measures to make things better by letting people easily “protect” themselves with guns actually make things much worse!
In San Francisco, a complete stranger I wasn't even talking to showed off his gun to me on a bus. He was talking to himself and looked like he needed serious mental treatment, and was probably living on the street. I came across a lot of people talking to themselves without anyone caring for them on such buses and hoped nothing would make them snap. While uncared poor people with conditions can happen anywhere, I never expected just how easy it was for anyone to get a gun in America until I saw him with one.
Is it any wonder that America has the worst statistics in the world of any developed country for gun related murders? When there are apparently 88.8 privately owned firearms per 100 people, and over 40% of households with firearms (so some people have several!), then yes, a foreigner like me is scared shitless to be walking the street in a country that thinks the zombie apocalypse has already begun, with its fair share of mentally unstable people who can access them. With over 30,000 firearm related deaths per year, how scared do you think I am of my increased likelihood of being a statistic when I'm in America?
It's not just guns though. And not just the United States. The day I left Vancouver last year, the streets broke out into chaos, with one of the worst riots of the year anywhere in the world… about a game of hockey. Not fighting for freedom or a new government, but because they lost a game. It's like the punchline of a really bad joke.
And on my way in from America, I had a terrible invasion of privacy when Canadian border control told me to wait for several hours in a separate area, while they took everything out of my bag and searched through everything I own in the world just in case I may be smuggling in drugs.
I wasn't, and I don't do any kind of drugs, but even if I was, what the hell business is it of theirs what I put in my body? A sniffer dog or a quick search while I'm present can already see if I've got a huge enough stash to be doing a drug run for profit, but every nook and cranny of what I owned was scoured just in case I had a few tiny grams. America's and Canada's war on drugs is just about the stupidest use of law enforcement and immigration resources I've ever come across in the world.
They took apart my CD cases, opened up pockets of the case where I was storing a few hundred dollars (and I should just trust them that they won't steal it), looked at all my private possessions (literally every single item I own on the planet), and I couldn't even be there to supervise it. When I came back, my bag was just left open, outside with all my stuff out on a table, some of it (including the cash) light enough that could have been blown away with the wind, since all this was done near where the car was parked rather than somewhere more secure… which is where I was waiting for hours like a prisoner on trial.
I thought you needed a warrant to go through people's possessions, or that you could at least let the person be present when you do that. But I guess North America's obsession with drugs means you can throw such basic rights out the window. While I wasn't afraid for my life here, I was afraid for my rights. If anything goes, why not just take my money (that I never counted precisely because I never expected people to be digging through my bag), or plant drugs on me?
Ransacking all my possessions was just about the worst welcome to a country I've ever gotten. And it's all because of an incredibly illogical and inconsistent fear of how bad drugs are.
Fear-based society
Back to America – my first job abroad was teaching Mathematics to teenagers in the states. I was only 18 at the time myself and because the other teachers were much older than me, it just made more sense for me to hang out with the students two years younger than me in my off time (none of which were in my own classes).
One day the guy who runs the school called me in and said he saw me lying on the grass beside the students. (Shock and horror!!!) I didn't understand what the hell the problem was, so he made me sit through a video… on inappropriate sexual behaviour. I wasn't holding hands, kissing, or you know, raping anyone, and I still had to sit through this rubbish (in true cheesy American video style).
I found out that the United States has the worst case of fear of anywhere I've ever been in the world. Children are constantly over-protected from the world – from germs, from strangers, from sexual predators “lurking around every corner”, and any time a news article comes up with something bad happening… anywhere, parents go all out in doubling up the protection.
Since there is no filter on the bad news, you just see every possible angle and possibility for something bad to happen and scramble to try to prevent it from happening to you.
You turn on the TV and you get brainwashed by all this fear. It's bad things presented to you out of context. Bad things have always happened and always will happen, but when we have news reporters to tell us any time it does, as if this somehow increases the likeliness of something bad happening to you, you start to get pretty damn pessimistic. Statistically, good and bad stuff just happens. It's how the world works. Don't obsess over things outside of your control.
When I see parents in the states overprotecting their children, then I see a part of their childhood getting robbed. No scraped knees, no wondering around discovering nature by themselves unsupervised, no meeting as many new people as possible – because everyone is out to get you. It's just making the next generation even worse off than the current one.
The world can be a very safe place with a bit of common sense
In all the time I've been travelling around, nothing absolutely terrible has happened to me. I've never been robbed, or beaten, or tortured or anything like that. Some say this is pure luck, but where I come from we have a saying: Every man makes his own luck.
I don't drink so I can keep my wits about me when I'm out alone, I learn the local language, so I can be aware of everything happening around me, I find non-verbal integration of a culture can help me blend in, and I don't walk around with a bloody DSLR camera around my neck all the time to stand out like a sore thumb. I am careful about what I eat and drink, and read up on the country before going and try to make local friends. I'm a little sceptical at first if a stranger is being “too helpful”, but still open minded about human generosity.
This is how I live my life EVERYWHERE. Ireland, America, the Philippines, Germany, China, Brazil, and Egypt.
Then again a few unfortunate things have happened to me, but I simply take them in my stride and try to get through them. I've been locked up by Federal police, ran out of money and had to sleep on a rock, and have many other stories for another day. Shit happens. I've gotten out of each jam by thinking clearly.
It's not fear that has kept me alive. It's being careful, and looking at the world logically, while keeping an open mind and trying to stay positive. Just because there are a few bad people out there doesn't mean everyone is out to get me and I should treat every stranger as an enemy until proven otherwise. A well known Irish philosophy is that a stranger is just a friend you haven't met yet. You only need a little bit of healthy scepticism.
So don't be afraid to go to another country based on biased accounts you've heard about it. Don't be afraid of the world around you when you see bad stories on TV, because maybe that fear is what is keeping people so motivated to keep buying guns, and not trust one another in the first place.
What do you think? Is the world really that scary a place, or are we perhaps getting information overload with biased negative points of view, because sensationalism simply works better on TV? Coming from someone who has visited many places, I definitely think it's the latter and we should have a bit more faith in people and those from other countries. Let me know your thoughts in the comments!
Benny Lewis Founder, Fluent in 3 Months Speaks: Spanish, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Esperanto, Mandarin Chinese, American Sign Language, Dutch, Irish Fun-loving Irish guy, full-time globe trotter and international bestselling author. Benny believes the best approach to language learning is to speak from day one View all posts by Benny Lewis
The Phillies aren't projected to be a very good team this season. If you're familiar with our internet pages, that certainly doesn't come as breaking news. The Phillies rebuild has been a long time coming, and it's good that they are finally committed to that process. And when I say committed, I mean committed. In a good way. The process is working, and working faster than many have anticipated. But while the process can be ghastly to the point where it isn't really fun to watch, the Phillies don't figure to be that kind of team. In fact, they should be fun.
Among the projected starting rotation and starting lineup, there will only be three players over 30 — Ryan Howard, Carlos Ruiz and Charlie Morton. Ruiz is a fan favorite, and Morton is a still interesting pitcher who doesn't have the mileage on him a 32-year-old normally would. Watching Howard might not be pretty, but we're suddenly in the last year of his contract (assuming Philly isn't going to pick up his 2017 club option). Hopefully, the season can be spent celebrating all the good things he did in a Phillies uniform — like how he's still just one of 24 players who have ever hit 40 or more home runs off of right-handed pitching in a single season. Or perhaps the three home runs he hit in the 2008 World Series, or his MVP performance in the 2009 NLCS. There were good times to be had. And hey, at least he got back to hitting righties at an above-average clip last year. That was nice.
Aside from those players, this is not a team that is going to be populated by retreads like last year's version of the club. In addition to Howard and Ruiz, last year's Phillies also gave run to 30s-aged players Jonathan Papelbon, Cole Hamels, Jeff Francoeur, Grady Sizemore, Chase Utley, Aaron Harang, Kevin Correia, Jerome Williams and Andres Blanco. Blanco — who oddly produced a 136 wRC+ campaign — is back, but the rest have been excised. The only other potentially prominent 30-something is Matt Harrison, if he can get healthy again. And if he does, his comeback will be a heartwarming story.
It's not just the lack of old people though that will make the Phillies fun. A lot of the young players who will get run this season are actually intriguing. Maikel Franco seemingly took a long time to get to the majors, but he'll be in just his age-23 season in 2016. And after hammering 14 homers last year in roughly half a season of playing time, we should be ready for more this season. He figures to be at least an average player, and if the FANS projection of 4.0 WAR comes true, he'll be an All-Star candidate.
Then there's Odubel Herrera. Lifted out of the Rule 5 draft, Herrera was a boon for the Phillies last season. He played Gold Glove defense, knocked eight homers and swiped 16 bases. He rocked an ungodly .387 batting average on balls in play, which should come down a bit this year. But it probably won't regress wildly. Here are his BABIPs in all of the minor league stops at which he tallied at least 100 PAs: .399, .361, .343, .355, .304, .359 and .389. Simply put, when the dude puts the ball in play, there's a chance something exciting is going to happen. He was the only player on last year's team to tally 30 doubles.
Speaking of speed, Cesar Hernandez can fly. He swiped 19 bags, and his 6.4 Speed Score was 18th in the game last season (minimum 400 PA). Hernandez is also the rare Phillies hitter who takes his walks, which is nice to see. Rounding out the speed trio is shortstop Freddy Galvis, who stole 10 bases in 11 tries last season, and his 4.6 BsR ranked 23rd in the game last season.
While Galvis is solid at short, he's not the player to really be excited about. That's J.P. Crawford, who not only is lighting up the traditional prospect leaderboards, but also came in at #1 in the updated KATOH leaderboard. I won't be telling you anything you don't already know about Crawford at this point, but having a stud prospect who could anchor the team for years to come possibly debut this season is reason enough to watch Phillies games in the second half. And he's not the only player who made the KATOH Top 100. Nick Williams (60), Andrew Knapp (68) and Dylan Cozens (90) also made the list, and all had progressed to at least Double-A by the end of last season — i.e., all could see big-league time this year. We already have Williams (and Crawford) on the Phillies depth chart in anticipation.
Williams of course, is a consensus top prospect, as is catcher Jorge Alfaro. But it's not just position players that make this Phillies team intriguing, it's also the pitchers. Consensus top-100 prospects Mark Appel and Jake Thompson could see big-league action this season, as could former top prospect Vincent Velasquez. And we haven't even got to Jerad Eickhoff. Last season, Kiley McDaniel anointed Eickhoff a top 200 prospect following the trade deadline, and when he came up late last season, he struck out 24.1% of the batters he faced, and had a lovely 17.7% strikeout- and walk-rate differential, which ranked 27th among starters with at least 50 innings pitched. Now, he is garnering sleeper attention in fantasy land and is popping up on Eno's arsenal scores list. And he probably isn't even the team's best pitcher.
That honor likely will go to Aaron Nola, who was Kiley's 51st-ranked prospect last year, and turned in a solid rookie campaign of his own. His end of the season will likely be a microcosm of how the Phillies season goes. In five of his final seven starts, he allowed either one or zero runs, working at least five innings in each and at least seven in four of them. In the other two starts, he gave up six runs in each and didn't get past the fifth in either. In one of the bad outings, he managed to strike out eight, so you could see the good even in the bad, but Phillies fans will certainly be hoping for fewer six-run outings from their new ace.
Perhaps most importantly, the team seemingly has a higher floor in the rotation spots where they don't have star prospects waiting to make good. Charlie Morton, Jeremy Hellickson and Brett Oberholtzer aren't Maddux-Smoltz-Glavine, but they're actual, competent major league pitchers. They should be a far pace better than a lot of the rotation filler from last season. In 2015, David Buchanan, Adam Morgan, Jerome Williams and Sean O'Sullivan combined to give Philly 64 starts (335.2 IP) of 5.90 ERA pitching. And rotation stalwart Aaron Harang, much as I like him, wasn't any better last year for the Phillies, either. (And then there were the five starts of 6.56 ERA ball that Kevin Correia turned in.) By finding a nice complement of competent pitchers and padding the rotation depth with their army of prospects, Philly should be able to avoid a lot of these painful starts by pitchers who are going nowhere in the present or the future.
It's highly unlikely that the Phillies will be a good team in 2016. But they have a solid mix of players who should make for an entertaining brand of baseball, and the franchise has done a great deal to turn things around in the last year. They have very few old and fading veterans, a healthy dose of players who are not only exciting, but as Corinne Landrey recently pointed out, are excited about each other. They even have an interesting reclamation project in Peter Bourjos. It won't all be wine and roses — let's not speak of the bullpen — but it is the type of team that you can dream on, and that's exciting.
Top story: Trump hits back in Russia row
Good morning. I'm Martin Farrer and here is your morning roundup of the best news and features from the Guardian.
Donald Trump has claimed that Vladimir Putin wanted Hillary Clinton to win the US election as he sought yet again to quell the storm over his campaign links to Russia that threatens to engulf his presidency. In an interview with veteran Christian broadcaster Pat Robertson, Trump defended his embattled son over allegations of improper election campaign dealings, dismissing it as a “witch-hunt”.
And claiming that although he got on “very, very well” with Putin, Trump said the Russian president wanted Clinton to win because she would not have “made the US military stronger” or “opened up” the world energy market with more coal production and fracking. “There are many things that I do that are the exact opposite of what he (Putin) would want,” said Trump, who flew to Paris overnight for a state visit and meeting with French president Emmanuel Macron. The handshake should be fun.
Trump might be glad for a little respite from the storm back home where Democrats are calling for his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to be stripped of his security clearance after it emerged that he failed to disclose his attendance at the now-notorious meeting with Natalia Veselnitskaya.
Labour puts PM ‘on notice' – Theresa May faces a humiliating parliamentary Brexit defeat over the “great repeal bill” after Labour said it would vote against the legislation without significant concessions. As MPs prepare for the publication of the bill today, Keir Starmer, the shadow Brexit secretary, said he was putting the prime minister “on notice” and demanded changes on matters from parliamentary scrutiny to workers' rights. A withdrawal of Labour support for the bill would leave the government vulnerable to defeat if backbench Tory MPs were to rebel and vote against it.
May's woes continued to pile up as the EU's chief negotiator Michel Barnier issued a warning to the UK that “the clock is ticking” on the two-year negotiation process and the head of the government's public spending watchdog, Amyas Morse, suggested that the government's approach to Brexit could fall apart “like a chocolate orange”.
Great spot – Nasa has released stunning images of Jupiter's great red spot, the huge storm that has been raging on the planet for hundreds of years. The Juno probe passed as close as 3,500km above the planet to photograph its famous feature and beam back raw data that Nasa has shared with scientists and the public. It is hoped that the mission can discover more about the the makeup of the planet, from its magnetic field to its radiation environment, and what fuels the red spot.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Pictures of jupiter's great red spot taken by the Juno space probe. Photograph: AFP/Getty Images
Power surge – The expected sharp growth in electric vehicles on our roads could cause a demand for electricity to jump by 8GW by 2030, according to National Grid. The number of plug-in vehicles could reach 9m by 2030, up from around 90,000 today, said the company, which runs the UK's national transmission networks for electricity and gas. The extra power demand would be more than double the output of the 3.2GW capacity of the new Hinkley Point C nuclear power station.
In the ruins of Mosul – Although the Iraqi prime minister has declared the battle for Mosul to be over, emaciated figures continue to emerge from basements and tunnels in the city as troops go from building to make sure that every jihadi – and their families – have been flushed out, writes our reporter, Ghaith Abdul-Ahad. His dispatch describes a city in almost-complete ruin after an eight-month battle to the death in which no prisoners were taken. Even now, Isis fighters, many of them hopelessly wounded, lie in wait for soldiers to detonate suicide vests.
Monkey business – British freelance photographer David Slater thought he had attained financial security when he coaxed Indonesian monkeys into taking selfies which became a worldwide sensation. But six years later he claims to be broke as a court in San Francisco heard an appeal on Wednesday in the case brought by animal rights group Peta that the animals have the copyright. One of the points at issue, Slater notes, is that Peta may not be suing on behalf of the right monkey.
Lunchtime read: What's it like to be hit by lightning?
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Bolt from the blue. Photograph: Peter Lakatos/EPA
Nine out of every 10 people struck by lightning lives to tell the tale. But aside from the possibility of severe burns, they could suffer a variety of short- and long-term effects, reports science writer Charlotte Huff for our long read series, as well as cardiac arrest, seizures, dizziness, deafness, headaches, memory deficits, personality changes and chronic pain. She has spoken to survivors such as Justin Gauger, who was fishing near Flagstaff, Arizona when he was struck causing excruciating pain and leaving him with coin-sized burns on his feet where the lightning bolt is thought to have exited his body.
Sport
Andy Murray may be out, succumbing to Sam Querrey in five sets and feeling the rigours of the game more than he might have imagined after rising to world No1, but British interest at Wimbledon remains, with Johanna Konta's semi-final against Venus Williams today offering a chance to console the nation. Alastair Cook is in seemingly relaxed mood about his return to the rank and file of the England cricket team, while Lewis Hamilton's Formula One snub of London has harmed his brittle relationship with British fans, writes Giles Richards. A British Gymnastics licensed coach is being investigated by police in the latest development in the duty of care scandal engulfing Olympic sport. And the charismatic former Fifa official turned whistleblower, Chuck Blazer, has died aged 72.
Business
RBS has been told to pay a $5.5m fine to US regulators for misselling toxic mortgage bonds as it continues to feel the consequences of actions taken before the financial crisis. In the UK, the regulator has warned that the growing number of people drawing down their pensions before retirement risked consumers losing out.
On the markets the pound climbed slightly overnight to $1.289 and is buying €1.127.
The papers
The FT leads with the Financial Conduct Authority's warning about pensions, adding that it might intervene in the market such as by capping charges if it believes that consumers are being penalised. The i and Metro both lead with another pensions story, this time the decision by the supreme court to allow gay couples to pass on benefits to each other when one dies.
Today's Guardian front page. Photograph: Guardian
A watchdog report of a different kind gives the Times its splash about Google funding academic research to try to influence public policy in the US and Europe, while the Guardian leads with the potential for Theresa May to lose a key parliamentary vote on Brexit unless she makes concessions to Labour.
The Telegraph leads on the Law Commission proposal for people to be able to do their wills by text message in what it says is much-needed update of the outdated inheritance system.
Under the headline “The great ambulance betrayal” the Mail says health chiefs are putting lives at risk by using cars instead of ambulances to take patients to hospital. And while nearly every paper has a picture of poor Andy Murray on the front, the Sun goes positive with a splash head reading: “Give us hope Johanna.”
For more news: www.theguardian.com
Sign up
If you would like to receive the Guardian Morning Briefing by email every weekday at 7am, sign up here.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (AP) — The Massachusetts city of Cambridge is weighing whether to call for an impeachment investigation into President Donald Trump.
Vice Mayor Marc McGovern has filed a policy order for Monday's city council meeting pushing for an investigation.
The proposed order calls on the U.S. House to back a resolution directing the Judiciary Committee to investigate whether there are grounds to impeach Trump.
McGovern and others believe Trump has violated the emoluments clause of the U.S. Constitution that prohibits government officials from profiting from foreign businesses.
McGovern said he believes the Republican president is still deeply involved in his business operations.
Cambridge voted for Democrat Hillary Clinton in the presidential election.
The city is across the Charles River from Boston, and is home to Harvard University.
Misguided economic forces are the root of most environmental problems.
That's why EDF's Office of the Chief Economist (OCE) works to advance policies that make market forces work for – rather than against – the environment.
Our work is guided by two closely linked missions:
Program support: We work closely with all of EDF's programs to ensure their work is based on sound economics and policy design.
We work closely with all of EDF's programs to ensure their work is based on sound economics and policy design. Thought Leadership: Through research and analysis, we work to strengthen economics throughout EDF, as well as with lawmakers, policymakers and other stakeholders throughout the environmental community.
Our staff has deep expertise in climate and energy policy, though we also work on issues related to ecosystems and oceans.
Related blog posts
See more posts »
Jeremy Corbyn has stepped up Labour's preparations for the fall of Theresa May by appointing Jon Trickett to lead the shadow cabinet's work on preparation for government.
The Labour leader said Trickett, who was one of his early backers in the 2015 leadership election, would use the project to show how the party is “ready to serve our country in the event of an early election”.
It is the latest sign that Corbyn is confident he could face another national vote before 2022, the scheduled end of the five-year parliament. The Labour leader has already kicked off parliamentary selections for 75 key marginal seats and last month told party conference that “we stand ready to take over whenever this government fails”.
Yesterday Lord Kerslake, the former head of the home civil service, told the Telegraph he was helping to prepare Corbyn for government and today the Labour leader confirmed that Trickett would work with shadow cabinet colleagues to develop the party's programme for office.
Sonos today confirmed to The Verge that customers can now play music from Spotify on its speakers with Amazon's Alexa voice assistant. To enable Spotify, users must choose it as their preferred service inside the Alexa app. Once that's done, you can tell Alexa to play your full collection of Spotify playlists, artists, albums, and songs.
The addition of Spotify addresses one of my main gripes with the Sonos One, the company's first speaker with integrated mics for Alexa. At launch, the One couldn't play music from Spotify with voice; you had to start playing from the Sonos or Spotify app and then could use voice for skipping tracks or adjusting volume.
Related How to control your Sonos speaker with an Amazon Echo
Sonos was aware of the glaring omission and had promised to add full Spotify support by December 21st. Thankfully it didn't take that long, and now users will have their Discover Weekly, Release Radar, and custom-made playlists just a quick "Alexa" request away. Black Friday buyers of the Sonos One won't have to deal with the same frustration as early owners. Older Sonos speakers don't miss out on this convenience, as they can be linked with and controlled by Amazon Echo devices.
Separately, Sonos has recently been working with streaming partners to give more apps control over its hardware. Both Pandora and Tidal can now play music directly to Sonos speakers.
One morning in Detroit's Midtown neighborhood, I saw the air turn a heavy yellowish-green, like a thick fog. It stunk so badly, it hurt to breathe. Those who braved traveling through it risked nausea and even vomiting.
Kim Schroeder remembers countless days in recent summers when her children haven't been able to go outside because of the odor. “The smell was stomach-churning,” she says.
Some from the 'burbs might just tell you it's the “smell of Detroit,” but it's more than that. Schroeder calls it the “sickly sweet smell of rotting garbage,” and it comes from one of the largest garbage incinerators in the United States, two miles away.
“It's been a health nuisance since it was built,” says Sandra Turner-Handy, community engagement director for the Michigan Environmental Council and, with Schroeder, a member of the Zero Waste Detroit coalition.
The incinerator burns trash from across the region. Schroeder is planning an educational campaign in counties across Michigan that ship garbage to Detroit, including affluent Oakland, Washtenaw and Kent counties, and as far away as Canada and Ohio. She encourages people to find out where their garbage is going and to “lobby their reps to deal with their garbage, rather than dump it on a poor city.”
Turner-Handy works to increase curbside recycling in Detroit in order to reduce the amount of local waste going to the incinerator. The program is growing, but less than 15 percent of city households participate.
Nearly 90 percent of those living within a mile of the incinerator are people of color. African Americans are twice as likely to be hospitalized for asthma in Detroit than whites, and the hospitalization rate due to asthma in some ZIP codes is six times the state average. Of America's largest cities, Detroit has the highest asthma rate among young children, according to a study conducted by Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
“Low-income people and people of color are statistically so much more likely to live next to a polluted site,” says Nicholas Schroeck, director of the Transnational Environmental Law Clinic at Wayne State University. Detroit, he says, has “the most polluted ZIP codes in the state of Michigan. When you take high rates of asthma next to sources of industrial pollution, you see patterns.”
Schroeder's stepdaughter has asthma, and Schroeder herself recently had breast cancer. She wants to know if it's related to the incinerator, since she has no genetic indicator for the disease. Yet, as the necessary studies have not been done, there is no hard evidence that the incinerator—or any other industry, such as the Marathon gas refinery or the U.S. Steel plant—is responsible. Schroeder wants the issue to be studied further.
Thanks to pressure from community groups, lawsuits, bad press and a 1-800 number to report odor, the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality (the same folks who said Flint's water was safe to drink) and the state attorney general's office have issued new pollution controls on the incinerator in recent years. But, says Schroeder, this has “not sufficiently improved our quality of life. The smell still hovers in many neighborhoods.”
Even with these controls, the incinerator, owned by Detroit Renewable Energy, violates several air quality standards, including but not limited to odor. Violations of particulate matter, sulfur dioxide and carbon dioxide—all three known to cause respiratory issues and other ailments, with the potential to cause death— continue. As bad as the smell is, says Turner-Handy, “It's what you can't see and smell that's gonna hurt us the most.”
But shutting down the incinerator—or any industrial plant in Detroit—is extremely difficult once a permit is issued, says Schroeck. He believes it's crucial to stop these kinds of facilities before they start.
Meanwhile, Detroit's population continues to decline. “I'm hoping the city will realize, if you're expecting a new population to move in, it's not agreeable if there's an incinerator,” says Turner-Handy.
“I want to know if I have to move,” Schroeder says. “I love Detroit. The sense of community here is fantastic. … But if there's health issues we're introducing to our families by living here, we need to know that.”
ALBANY, N.Y-- The number of Albany college students charged after weekend "kegs and eggs" parties turned riotous has topped 40 and city officials are vowing to use revelers' cellphone videos of the mayhem in the investigation, MyFoxBoston reports.
Five college students were charged with felonies Saturday after early morning parties held before Albany's St. Patrick Day parade spilled into a street where many students live. Cellphone videos posted online show hundreds of young people filling the street and partying on porches. Some are shown fighting, jumping on cars, smashing vehicle windows, throwing debris and tossing a television off a second-floor balcony.
Two police officers were slightly injured breaking up the melee.
Authorities say about three dozen others have been issued appearance tickets, with 14 arraigned Monday on charges ranging from disorderly conduct to carrying alcohol in public.
Click here for more on this story from MyFoxBoston.
Students arrested after Albany 'Kegs and Eggs' riot: MyFoxBOSTON.com
The head of the National Bank of Kuwait, Ibrahim S. Dabdoub, said Americans who opposed sovereign wealth funds, like the one run by the Kuwaiti government, need to come to terms with the new reality.
And an American economist, Nouriel Roubini, said bluntly, “The United States looks like an emerging market,” with large deficits and a weak currency. Brazil, an actual emerging market, had done a better job overhauling its economy, he said.
Mr. Roubini, whose frequent predictions of a downturn have made him something of a soothsayer at Davos, said that the United States would suffer a recession lasting at least a year. He foresees a flood of defaults on car loans and corporate bonds, and a prolonged bear market.
“The debate is not whether we're going to have a soft landing or a hard landing,” he said, as his audience squirmed. “The question is only how hard the hard landing will be.”
Several economists said the Federal Reserve seemed to have lost control of events since the subprime crisis erupted last summer. Some criticized its steep cut in interest rates Tuesday as a knee-jerk reaction to calm markets, rather than a reasoned response to a deteriorating situation.
“policymakers are reaching back into the same playbook that got us into this mess,” said Stephen S. Roach, the economist recently named chairman of Morgan Stanley Asia.
Mr. Roach argued that the Fed, by signaling its readiness to cushion the stock market from the credit crisis, risked creating conditions for a new round of inflation in asset prices.
Photo
Joseph E. Stiglitz, a Nobel Prize-winning economist, said the Fed “made bad judgments” and “looked the other way when investment banks packaged bad loans in nontransparent ways.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
He said the rate cut was too little too late, because monetary policy usually takes 6 to 18 months to have an impact.
Not every one was grim. John W. Snow, the former Treasury secretary and chairman of Cerberus Capital Management, predicted that if the United States slipped into a recession, it would be “short and shallow.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“That's been the pattern of recessions in the U.S., and there's a reason for it,” he said in an interview. “There is an inherent resilience in the U.S. economy.” Mr. Snow said there had already been an adjustment in housing prices and risk valuation.
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice picked up the theme of American economic resilience, saying that President Bush and Congress were negotiating an economic stimulus package that would help the United States remain an engine of global growth.
Despite the current weakness, few Americans here said the United States would resort to protectionist policies, even though it is an election year. Sovereign wealth funds, they noted, had taken multibillion-dollar stakes in giants like Citigroup and Merrill Lynch with hardly a peep of protest in Washington.
“Open investment is a critical driver of the U.S. economy,” David H. McCormick, under secretary of the Treasury for international affairs, said. He added that it was reasonable to monitor sovereign wealth funds to make sure that they were commercially and not politically driven.
The debate over “decoupling,” a once-popular idea that Europe and Asia could escape the effects of a recession in the United States because they are less reliant on American trade, seemed to be over before it started.
Virtually everyone here agreed that an American downturn would spill over to Europe and Asia. Mr. Roach said China did not have a large enough domestic consumer market to replace a loss of demand for exports from American consumers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Officials from China agreed. “The Chinese economy is entering quite a delicate stage,” said Yu Yongding, an economist at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. “We are facing a very bad situation in the U.S.”
Only Mr. Nath of India said he was confident that his country would not feel a major effect from an American recession. India, he said, was far more driven than China by domestic demand.
At least one specialist here professed to see a silver lining in the links between the world's major economies. C. Fred Bergsten, director of the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said China and India would lift the United States out of its downturn. Companies like I.B.M., General Electric and Caterpillar already depend on these countries for a lot of their profits, Mr. Bergsten said.
Adding a new term to the Davos lexicon, he said the United States would soon experience “reverse coupling.”
When a devastating fire swept through the 90-year-old Badminton and Racquet Club near Yonge Street and St. Clair Avenue Tuesday afternoon, the organization added yet another chapter to its storied history.
The club opened in 1924 when the old TTC streetcar barns on St. Clair Avenue were converted into seven badminton courts. The B & R, as it's affectionately known among those who use it, started with only a few members from Toronto's elite — but has since grown to include more than 2,750 members. To this day, it remains a private facility and access can be gained by membership only.
'Women are to be seen and not heard'
The Badminton and Racquet Club was opened in 1924 after old TTC streetcar barns were converted into seven badminton courts. (Badminton and Racquet Club)
The club has also been known for its history of segregation of the sexes. It wasn't until 1980 that women were allowed to sit in onboard meetings — but without voting rights. "Women are to be seen and not heard," says the club's website in describing that period of its history.
"The idea of women on the board had been rejected annually as many of the men on the board felt that the "right kind of man" would not serve if there were women at the table," it adds.
According to a historical timeline on the club's website, a co-ed dining room was introduced in 1997— nearly 75 years after the club's opening.
A timeline on the Badminton and Racquet Club's website shows significant moments in the club's history. (www.thebandr.com)
Racial tensions
In 1987, CBC News reported on concerns among community members when the B & R wanted to expand by taking over another local tennis club.
They were opposed to the move saying the club had "an unofficial, unwritten policy not to allow Jews or other minorities to be members." The club denied the allegations saying they "do not inquire into a new applicant's racial or religious backgrounds."
From the CBC archives: 1987 report on Badminton and Racquet Club controversy 2:07
The club has also seen another major fire — caused by an electrical fault in the men's sauna. It destroyed the entire men's locker room back in 2009.
'Traditional club rules'
Maija Palkeinen has lived in the area her whole life and learned how to play tennis at the club when she was young.
She recalls its "traditional club rules."
"It kind of harkens back to the Wimbeldon days of tennis," she said. "I wasn't able to go there one day because I had a black stripe on my shirt … it harkens back to another time."
She called Tuesday's fire unfortunate for the area and hopes to see it rebuilt or relocated in the neighbourhood.
Calls to the club went unanswered on Tuesday. The extent of the damage inside is unclear and it's not known what will happen to the space.
COLLEGE PARK, Md. - Ever lose your mobile-phone reception or GPS signal? This occurs because of weak radio wave (phone) or microwave (GPS) signals. The widely shared problem of detecting weak signals also hampers astronomers looking back at the early universe and physicians seeking to locate and identify cancer tumors using MRI scans. All four of these areas--communications, navigation, astronomy, and medical imaging--depend on discriminating weak radio or microwave signals from a noisy environment. These and other applications, including quantum computing, could all benefit from a new approach to detecting and strengthening such signals developed by an international collaboration of scientists from Maryland and Denmark.
Created by a team from the Joint Quantum Institute (JQI) at the University of Maryland, the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen, and the Technical University of Denmark, this new radio band detector coverts radio waves to light, providing the first all-optical detection of microwaves and other radio band waves, while reducing background noise a thousand times better than existing methods. The building and testing of this new device was reported in the 6 March 2014 issue of the journal Nature.
The new device not only produces a much higher degree of noise reduction but it does this at room temperature. The development is based upon prior theoretical work by the same collaboration. "This device is the first room-temperature transducer of radio waves to optical waves at the quantum level and the first to entail a threefold electrical-mechanical-optical conversion. Previous efforts have bridged the electrical and mechanical or the mechanical and optical, but not all three realms," said team member and JQI Fellow Jacob Taylor.
A Radio Signal Converter
The detector is a mechanical-electrical device that converts one form of electromagnetic energy, radio waves, into another, light waves. It works like this: radio waves strike an antenna which constitutes one element in an electronic circuit. Another element in that circuit is a device with two electrodes called a capacitor. One of these electrodes consists of a flexible membrane. Light at visible frequencies reflects off the back side of this membrane. Depending on the radio signal arriving at the antenna, the silicon-nitride membrane (coated with a 50-nm-thick film of silver) mechanically alters its shape accordingly. This in turn modulates the visible light waves in a consistent way, thus converting a radio signal into an optical one.
Radio waves, microwaves, visible light and x-rays are among the many types of electromagnetic waves. They differ from each other in wavelength and energy.
"In the first place, this is a completely new way to measure electrical signals: making them excite a tiny membrane which we monitor with laser light," says team leader Albert Schliesser of the Niels Bohr Institute. "It may sound surprising, but this approach is so sensitive that it can out-perform conventional electronic amplifiers. That means, for example, that it could be a new way of getting clearer MRI images, or maps of the sky recorded by radio telescopes. We are currently trying to extend our work--which so far is really just a demonstrator of the concept--to attain a smaller detector which is more sensitive and capable of handling a wider band of radio signals."
Quantum Microphones
This up-conversion from radio to optical has several advantages. First, it allows a radio signal to be converted into light and shot down an optical fiber rather than being sent down a copper wire, where it would suffer considerable energy loss. The radio-optical conversion will also help facilitate the development of devices that handle quantum information, such as a quantum computer. In a regular microphone, sound is converted into electrical signals sent down a wire. In the analogous quantum microphone, quantum information could be interconverted between radio and optical waves alternatively for transport or processing.
In this artist's impression of the device, radio waves (green) arrive and are sent to the membrane (center) via gold wires. Electric forces make the membrane move. This motion is detected with a laser beam (red) and translated into a light signal, resulting in a device with a very high sensitivity to radio waves. Credit: Niels Bohr Institute
Noise Abatement
A second, but no less important advantage of this device is its mitigation of noise. Radio waves were a boon for communications, starting with Marconi and the first "wireless" transmission of information in the early 20th century. As radio electronics grew in sophistication scientists and engineers became more and more concerned with Johnson noise, the ubiquitous radio noise present by virtue of the simple fact that Earth's surface is a warm place; our world positively glows in radio waves. Named for Bell Labs researcher John B. Johnson, this thermal noise competes with whatever radio signals are being processed in devices. One can amplify a weak signal, but the noise gets amplified along with the signal.
Even more unwanted noise is added in the amplifiers that bring the signal to a level at which it can be processed. For years special transistors have accomplished this task. One major drawback of this approach has been the need to chill the converters to very low temperatures to reach their best performance. One example of this kind of device is the one used on the orbiting Planck Telescope, which maps the microwave background. When the craft's coolant is depleted, the mission ends.
JQI's Taylor says that the whole up-conversion process can be done in reverse. Again for the purpose of quantum communication, there might be a need to convert microwave or radio signals into optical form and then back into radio after transmission from one quantum device to another.
The Joint Quantum Institute is based at the University of Maryland in College Park and is operated jointly by UMD and the National Institute of Standards and Technology in Gaithersburg, MD.
Serving the ancient Silk Road that formed an artery of trade and cultural exchange between east and west, the Jiayuguan Pass was a solemn and splendid landmark of Great Wall in Gansu. Its construction cost a great deal in terms of manpower and material resources. The work gave rise to a number of strange and sometimes beautiful stories, legends that have come down to us over the centuries.
Here are four little stories.
The Wall Stabilizing Brick:
Story of One Brick about Jiayuguan Pass
This is a legend about the Jiayuguan Pass, which tells of a workman named Yi Kaizhan who lived during the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644) and who was a very proficient mathematician. He calculated that it would take exactly 99,999 bricks to build the pass. The supervisor did not believe him and said that if he had miscalculated by so much as just one brick, then all the workmen would be condemned to hard labor for three years as a punishment. After the completion of the project, one brick was left behind the Xiwong city gate. The supervisor was happy at the sight of the brick and prepared to carry out his threat of punishment. However Yi Kaizhan said with an authoritative air that the brick had been put there by a supernatural being to stabilize the wall and that even a tiny move would cause the whole structure to collapse. Therefore the brick remained in place and was never moved. It can still be found there today on the tower of the pass.
Conveying Stones on Iced Path:
Jiayuguan Pass in Gansu
Goats Carry the Bricks:
Twitter of the Swallow:
Gate Tower of Jiayuguan
During the construction of the Jiayuguan Pass, huge blocks of stone, each measuring two meters (6.6 feet) in length and 0.5 meters (1.6 feet) in width and 0.3 meters (1.0 feet) thick were in great demand. Builders cut the crude stones in the mountain; however they were so heavy that there was no means to transport them over a long distance. Now the laws and regulations governing the construction stipulated that workers would be executed if they delayed the construction of the Great Wall; a fact that caused them great concern. It was near to the depths of winter, and not one block of stone was carried from the mountain. The workers sighed but no one had a solution to theproblem. Suddenly a loud clap of thunder burst on the mountaintop and a length of silk brocade fell from the sky. The workers rushed to pick it up it and saw some words on it. Seeing the words, they realized what they should do. By the arrival of winter, the workers had built a path from the mountaintop to the pass. They poured water on this path, which quickly froze. They put the large blocks of stone on the icy path, sliding the stones along it. In this manner they got the stones to the work site on time. This clever ruse saved much time and the construction work was not delayed. To give thanks for the divine help, the workers built a temple near the pass. The temple then became the place where the succeeding workers went to pay respect to their heavenly protector.Jiayuguan Pass is about nine meters high (30 feet). In addition, ten towers each with different shapes and abundant buttresses were built on the pass. At that time, conditions for the construction workers were very hard. Without lifting equipment, they had to carry all the bricks. Those used to build the pass were fired in a kiln 20 kilometers (12 miles) away. After firing the bricks, workers used oxcarts to carry them to the pass, and then had to pass them up onto the wall by manpower. The only path for transporting the bricks was a long slope, which was very difficult to go up and down. In spite of more workers being sent there, it was still a hard job. The construction schedule was severely affected. One day, a shepherd boy brought his goats to feed alongside the construction site. When he saw the plight of the workers, he suddenly had a bright idea. He took off his girdle, tied a brick on each end and put the girdle over the back of a goat. He patted the goat. The smart animal then trotted along the road, up the slope and onto the wall. The workers were pleasantly surprised by the sight and adopted the idea and so were able to quickly carry large numbers of bricks onto the Great Wall.Once there was a pair of swallows nesting within the walls of the Rouyuan Gate on the Jiayuguan Pass. One morning, the swallows flew out of the Pass looking for food. In the evening, the female swallow returned and waited for her partner. However when the male swallow reached the gate, he found it was closed and he could not return to the nest. Letting out a sorrowful sound, he struck himself against the wall and died. Overwhelmed with sorrow by the death of her husband, the female swallow twittered and twittered and finally died of sadness. Although she was dead, her soul remained there. Whenever people knocked on the wall with a stone, the twitter of a swallow would be heard. In ancient China, people regarded this sound of the twitter as auspicious. When generals set off for battles, their wives would knock on the wall with a stone to pray for their safe return. Later it evolved into a kind of custom that generals and soldiers would take their families to the wall and knock upon the wall as a prayer before they went off to fight in battles.
Premier Ingredients is recalling Premier and Konrads.ca brand spices due to a possible risk of salmonella bacteria contamination.
There have been no reported illnesses associated with the consumption of these products. (CFIA)
The recall applies to a variety of spices sold in Nova Scotia, Ontario and Quebec with best before dates between March 18, 2016 to Sept. 9, 2016.
All products listed below should either be thrown out or returned to the store that sold them:
Premier brand Herbs Italian Seasoning in 250-gram, 500-gram, one-kilogram and 2.5-kilogram packages.
Premier brand Herbs Fine Provençal in 75-gram, 90-gram, 500-gram, 2.5-kilogram and 10-kilogram packages.
Premier brand oregano in 65-gram, 100-gram, 500-gram and "Oregano Rubbed" in 1.1-kilogram packages.
Konrads.ca brand Oregano Rubbed in the 2.5-kilogram package with best before dates between March 2016 and August 2016.
Konrads.ca brand oregano in the 500-gram package with best before dates between March 2016 and August 2016.
Konrads.ca brand Italian herb in the 500 gram package with best before dates between March 2016 and August 2016.
Konrads.ca brand Herbs Fine Provençal in the 500-gram package with best before dates between March 2016 and August 2016.
There have been no reported illnesses associated with the consumption of these products.
The CFIA warns that food contaminated with salmonella may not look or smell spoiled and that ingesting the bacteria may cause illness.
Young children, the elderly and people with weakened immune systems may suffer serious and sometimes deadly infections.
Healthy adults might experience short-term symptoms such as high fever, severe headache, vomiting, nausea, abdominal pain and diarrhea.
As topless Femen protesters steal centre stage at Parisian fashion shows and Greenpeace scales Russian oil rigs, earning widespread chagrin, University of Toronto PhD candidate Nadia Bashir has asked the obvious question: Why do people dislike activists so much? In a paper published last week by the European Journal of Social Psychology, Ms. Bashir, herself clearly sympathetic to activist causes, said that even she was taken aback by how negatively feminists and environmentalists are viewed. The Post's Jen Gerson spoke with Ms. Bashir on Friday.
Q. So what were people's perceptions of activists, feminists, environmentalists, that kind of thing?
A. They were perceived as militant, aggressive, forceful, argumentative and abrasive. In the case of environmentalists, they were even seen as terrorists. Feminists were angry ball busters, people who are very masculine, people who hate men. Also, eccentric, hippies, odd, disheveled or unclean. For feminists; manly, hairy.
Q. Why did you decide that this topic was something you wanted to study?
A. My research focuses on why people are so resistant to social change. People are willing to say they support gender equality policies or environmental initiatives, but they don't want to label themselves as feminists or environmentalists.
Q. Is it possible that one of the reasons people have negative views of activists is because they just don't support the movements those activists represent?
A. No, because there is lots of research showing that people do have favourable attitudes toward gender equality, for example. But they don't actually want to label themselves as activists.
Q. Do you think some of the messages of feminists and environmentalists might carry more weight in the mainstream if they were coming from people who seemed a little bit more mainstream?
A. Yeah, the fact that these people have blatantly negative views of activists may actually be hindering the message. People don't want to be seen as environmentalists or feminist, so they don't engage in behaviours or adopt the opinions that are characteristic of these people. They don't want other people to view them in the same negative way. When the message comes from someone who isn't conforming to these stereotypes, then people are more receptive of the message.
Q. So feminists, for example, who wore moderate, feminine style clothing and came across as softer and more stereotypically feminine might ironically have better luck at getting their message across?
A. We definitely don't want to send a message with this paper that activists need to change, because it's not necessarily the case that activists are militant or eccentric, it's just that people are perceiving them that way. But there is some value to activists in considering that people do perceive them negatively and maybe they do need to tweak their strategy a bit to take into consideration the way they're coming across to people.
Q. But if you look at other activists — the gay movement, for example, this is a movement that's gone from relative obscurity to mainstream acceptance over the course of a generation. No one could say gay activists were retiring or mainstream. Does your thesis hold true even when you look at something like gay activism?
A. It depends. There's such a range of people involved in these types of movements. It's hard to pinpoint whether it's the more militant people who are driving the changes that are happening, or whether it is the people who are more mainstream.
National Post
• Email: jgerson@nationalpost.com | Twitter: jengerson
• This interview has been edited and condensed
The Adelphi University men's lacrosse team takes the field to audio of a Donald Trump campaign speech.
Barstool Sports posted a video of the team going onto the field with one player carrying the American flag.
The following is the excerpt from a Trump speech used in the audio along with music building up in the background:
In all of our cities and in all of our towns, I make this promise: We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again! God bless you and good night. I love you!
“The men's lacrosse team has traditionally chosen patriotic music for its pre-game warm-up,” head coach Gordon Purdie said in a statement of his Division II team. “It was not intended to provoke or be taken as a political statement. We're sorry if anyone was offended.”
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent
Since relatively early in the public life of the Go language, I've been involved in pushing forward packages that might be used in Ubuntu, including making the compiler suite itself happier in such packaged environments. In due time, these packages were moved over to an automatic build system, so that people wouldn't have to rely on my good will to have up-to-date packages, nor would I have to be regularly spending time maintaining those packages. Or so was the theory.
It's well known that the real world is not so plain, though, and issues became much more regular than hoped. Some of the issues were caused by changes in the build conventions of Go, others self-inflicted due to my limited knowledge of the extensive conventions around packaging, or bugs in indirect dependencies of the process, and more recently the sub-optimal scheduling algorithm used by the build farm has driven the builds to a halt.
So, the question is how to get out of this rabbit hole, but still give people a convenient way to use Go in Ubuntu.
Enter godeb, an experiment that dynamically translates the upstream builds of Go into deb packages. In practice, it's a simple standalone Go program that can parse the build list, fetch the requested version, and in memory translate the contents into a correct binary deb package.
Since you cannot build a Go application without a Go compiler first, there's an x86 32-bit binary and an x86 64-bit binary of godeb available for download. After the compiler is installed, godeb may be fetched and rebuilt locally by running go get gopkg.in/niemeyer/godeb.v1/cmd/godeb .
Once the godeb binary is available, it's easy to get up-to-date packages:
$ ./godeb install processing https://go.googlecode.com/files/go1.1.1.linux-amd64.tar.gz package go_1.1.1-godeb1_amd64.deb ready Selecting previously unselected package go. (Reading database ... 488515 files and (...) installed.) Unpacking go (from go_1.1.1-godeb1_amd64.deb) ... Setting up go (1.1.1-godeb1) ...
It figures what the most recent build available is, downloads, translates, and installs it, asking for a password via sudo if necessary. Running godeb install again will fetch the latest version (or the requested one) and replace the currently installed package. Package installations default to the same architecture of godeb itself, and may be changed by setting the GOARCH environment variable to 386 or amd64 , borrowing from a Go convention.
New releases of Go are immediately available, and so are the old ones:
$ ./godeb list 1.2 1.2rc5 1.2rc4 1.2rc3 1.2rc2 1.2rc1 1.1.2 1.1.1 1.1 (...) $ ./godeb -h Usage: godeb <command> [<options> ...] Available commands: list install [<version>] download [<version>] remove
Outdoor Tech
When it comes to tuning out the world, nothing beats a good pair of headphones and your favorite playlist. Of course, any wired pair necessarily keeps you tethered to your smartphone or tablet, which can be a hassle. If only you could somehow endow them with the magic of Bluetooth.
Presto! For a limited time, you can get the Outdoor Tech Adapt Bluetooth Headphone Adapter for $24.95 shipped. There's no coupon code required; just use that special link to save $15 straight away. This is a Cheapskate exclusive, folks; you won't find this deal anywhere else.
To Adapt endows your favorite headphones (or earbuds, or whatever) with the magic of Bluetooth. Plug them into the 3.5mm jack, then clip to Adapt anywhere on your person: sleeve, belt, neck-hole, etc. The little gizmo pairs wirelessly with your phone or tablet to allow for streaming audio at a range of up to 30 feet.
As you can see in the photo, to Adapt incorporates an assortment of handy controls: play/pause, volume, and track-skip. That play/pause button is also used to answer/end phone calls, which you can do thanks to to Adapt's built-in microphone. That effectively turns any pair of headphones into a headset (an especially nice feature for iPod Touch and iPad users who want to make Skype, FaceTime, and voice-over-IP calls).
To Adapt comes in your choice of five colors. Its rechargeable battery is good for 5-6 hours of play time, according to Outdoor Tech, and up to 150 hours of standby.
I haven't had the chance to test-drive one of these myself, but around 60 Amazon reviewers collectively rated to Adapt 4.1 stars out of 5 -- and that was at the $39.95 price. At $24.95, this is a total steal. Can you say "stocking stuffer"? Or "fifth night of Hanukkah"?
Bonus deal: One of my favorite Microsoft Office replacements is Kingsoft Office 2013, the free version of which is excellent. But why settle for free when you can go pro -- also for free? As part of a Thanksgiving promotion, you can get Kingsoft Office Professional 2013 (Win) for free. What you're actually getting is a one-year license, which would normally cost you $29.95. After that, you can renew or just switch to the free version, which, as I mentioned, rocks.
Deals found on The Cheapskate are subject to availability, expiration, and other terms determined by sellers.
Curious about what exactly The Cheapskate does and how it works? Read our FAQ.
350 Action on YouTube
On Thursday, 350 Action shared an exclusive video with Elite Daily featuring Senator Bernie Sanders, in which he speaks about the importance of addressing climate change and makes a powerful case for Hillary Clinton.
In the video, Sanders states,
This is an enormously important election and the choices are very clear. You may not agree with everything Hillary Clinton stands for, but on every important issue...her views are far, far better than Donald Trump's... That's true on economic issues, that's true on healthcare issues -- it is especially true on environmental issues and on issues dealing with climate change.
It's not exactly a secret the primary season was very contentious, and Sanders certainly disagreed with Hillary Clinton on a number of issues -- including climate change.
But, as Sanders notes in the video, Donald Trump won't even acknowledge climate change is real.
The Republican presidential nominee has frequently characterized climate change as a hoax, and his economic plans could have a devastating impact on the environment.
Twitter
Twitter
Twitter
As 350 Action Executive Director May Boeve put it in a statement released with the video,
As Bernie Sanders said, in this election the choices are very clear. We need to vote for Hillary Clinton so we can defeat Donald Trump... Hillary Clinton isn't where she needs to be on climate policy -- she still supports fracking and natural gas, and she hasn't spoken out on the destructive Dakota Access Pipeline. But she has a proposal to address climate change, and we've pushed her toward bolder policies in the past. Once she's elected, we'll redouble our efforts. On the other hand, Donald Trump thinks climate change is a hoax and would reverse many critical decisions in our fight, like the Paris Climate Accords and the Keystone XL Pipeline.
In short, while you might not like everything about Hillary Clinton, progress is still possible with her on many fronts -- especially climate change.
The alternative is Donald Trump, with his habitually offensive rhetoric and blatant disregard for the facts.
This is a man who is actively undermining the democratic process in the US, and childishly stating he will only accept the outcome of the election if he wins.
Regardless of how Trump feels about it, climate change is real, it's happening and it's a product of human activities -- the scientific community has made this very clear.
Not to mention, 2015 was the hottest year on record and we just lived through the hottest summer in history (it wasn't just you, it really was that hot).
Hillary Clinton accepts this and -- while her approach to climate change has room for improvement -- that's the first step to addressing the problem.
Meanwhile, Trump thinks cold weather is proof climate change isn't happening.
Twitter
The only time Trump exhibited any level of concern for climate change was when it impacted one of his businesses, which is emblematic of his utter selfishness and disregard for the well-being of the planet.
This election is bigger than any one of us.
As Bernie Sanders argued in the video, it's about the "future of the planet" and making America the nation "we know it can be."
Trump presents a danger not only to our fundamental values, but also to our potential to grow and improve.
It is absolutely imperative that Donald Trump not become the next President of the United States.
Climate change poses a threat to every single one of us, as it's linked to rising sea levels and extreme weather events, in addition to other potential dangers to human health and safety.
As the Pentagon described it, climate change is an “urgent and growing threat to our national security” as it contributes to “increased natural disasters, refugee flows and conflicts over basic resources such as food and water.”
There are also many reasons to be concerned about climate change from a financial or economic standpoint -- especially for Millennials.
We can't ignore this. The time to address climate change is now.
In Bernie Sander's words,
We are at a critical point in the fight against climate change -- more floods, more extreme weather disturbances, more rising sea levels... Now, if you think that is not important, if you think you can sit this one out -- that's fine. But I've got seven grandchildren, I've got four kids. I worry about the future of this planet. I'm not sitting it out, and I hope that my fellow Americans will not sit it out.
The election is in less than two weeks. Don't sit it out.
Carry the movement forward. Protect the planet. VOTE.
Citations: New York Times, USA Today, Vox, ThinkProgress
In 2012, polling by Latino Decisions found that Mitt Romney won the support of just 23 percent of Latino voters. In 2016, the Republican presidential candidate will need twice that support to win the White House.
The cause for the GOP's “Latino deficit” is no secret and can largely be explained by two interrelated factors: Latinos are the growth segment of the electorate and just one Republican presidential candidate in the last six elections has won a majority of the popular vote.
To assess how these dynamics may play out in 2016, we use data from recent presidential elections to model the sizes of the Latino and Non-Latino segments of the electorate and these groups' contribution to the GOP aggregate vote.
Specifically, we average the U.S. Census P20 Reports and Exit Polls estimates to predict the Latino and Non-Latino shares of the electorate. Multiplying these groups' Republican support as reported by the Exit Polls (all years), Latino Decisions (2008 and 2012), and Ruy Teixeira (2004) by the groups' shares of the electorate generates the Latino and Non-Latino contribution to the GOP vote.
The table below uses the 2000-2012 presidential elections to demonstrate the model.
For the series, Republican presidential candidates averaged just over 47 percent of the popular vote. Except for 2008, Non-Latino support for Republican presidential candidates has hovered around fifty percent; a quantity that has brought the party diminishing returns as that segment of the electorate has shrunk. Conversely, as the Latino share of the electorate has grown, the Latino contribution to the GOP vote has remained more-or-less constant, ranging between two and two and a half points. The high-water mark of 3.09 uses the highly disputed 2004 Exit Poll estimates of Latino Republican support. Reanalysis by Teixeira and others suggests that Bush's 2004 support among Latinos was 39 percent; a four point improvement over 2000.
The figures presented below use the model to make projections about the Latino and Non-Latino contributions to the 2016 Republican presidential vote under a number of scenarios. Under Scenario 1, Latino support for the GOP is varied, while the Non-Latino share of the electorate performs as in 2012. This represents a worst-case scenario for the Republicans as it recreates the voting behavior that facilitated President Obama's reelection, while also increasing the size of the Latino electorate by 1.19 points. If this were to occur, then the Republican presidential candidate would need 52 percent of the Latino vote to win a majority of the popular vote.
There is reason to think that some voters may behave differently in 2016 as compared to 2012. Most notably, in both 2008 and 2012 black turnout and Democratic support exceeded historical norms. To account for this, Scenario 2 adjusts our projections to control for the “Obama bump” in black turnout and support. This increases the Non-Latino contribution to the GOP vote by just over half a point and slightly increases the size of the Latino share of the electorate. If this were to occur, then the GOP would need the votes of 47 percent of Latinos to win a majority of the popular vote.
Scenario 3 assumes that white voters consolidate behind the Republican Party at levels that were observed in 2014; that black participation and Democratic support returns to pre-Obama levels; and the expected growth in the Latino vote does not fully materialize. Under these conditions, which can be thought of as a best-case scenario for the GOP, the party's Latino threshold would be 42 percent.
Of course, presidents are not elected nationally, but rather by the states; arrangements that allow the presidency to be won by candidates who lose the popular vote as George W. Bush did in 2000. To assess the GOP's Latino threshold in some of the swing states, we apply the Scenario Two estimation to four swing states with large Latino electorates and two with emerging Latino electorates.
To be clear, the data used for the state projections are not as comprehensive as for the national forecasts and these estimates do not account for the vagaries of state political environments, such as outsized support for minor party candidates or Nevada's “none of the above option,” which allow candidates to secure a state's Electoral College votes with plurality support.
Consistent with the national estimates, the state projections indicate the uphill battle that GOP presidential candidates face in the swing states.
In the four Latino heavy states (Colorado, Florida, New Mexico, and Nevada) the threshold varies from 42 percent in New Mexico to 47 percent in Florida, while in Ohio it is 43 percent and 46 percent in Virginia.
Note the truncated y-axis for Ohio and Virginia; a consequence of these states' relatively small shares of Latino voters.
It is also in these states where the adjustments for black turnout and Democratic support have the biggest effect, increasing the GOP Non-Latino contribution by 1.70 points in Ohio and 1.19 in Virginia.
The analysis presented here underscores a number of important points.
First, the conventional wisdom often asserted by pundits and in media reports that winning 40 percent of the Latino vote will be sufficient for the Republicans to carry the presidency in 2016 is farcical. The 40 percent threshold assumes that the Bush-Kerry demographics of 2004 are still in effect even though that election was 12 years ago.
Second, when our model is applied to the key battleground states that will decide the 2016 election, the Latino threshold for the Republican presidential candidate varies from 42 to 47 percent; levels that are similar to Scenarios 2 and 3 for the national model.
Third, because our model is easy to calculate, it can be adjusted to account for a range of possible 2016 scenarios. It can also be updated as reliable state and national polling data is reported in the coming months. For instance, if minor party candidates are able to gain traction and siphon support from the Democratic or Republican nominee in specific states or nationally, our model can account for this, as well as any marginal changes in the preferences of different voting groups.
Fourth, except for Scenario 3, our model assumes that the Latino electorate will grow at rates observed in prior elections. Yet, as 2014 demonstrates, Latino political participation cannot be taken for granted as many Latinos continue to feel alienated from the political process, particularly in light of the political system's failure to deliver comprehensive immigration reform. Moreover, even in presidential elections, Latino registration and turnout lags behind population share. Mobilizing and enlarging the Latino electorate is particularly acute for Democrats. Indeed, it is because of the overwhelming support of Latino voters that the Democrats are better positioned in many of the swing states needed to cobble together the 270 Electoral College necessary for the presidency.
More generally, our model accentuates the tension between the Republican Party's long-term viability and the short-term goals of the party's presidential aspirants. Sensing that the party's Latino deficit is too large or that any moderation on immigration may undermine their ability to win the nomination, a number of candidates have already tacked to the right on immigration. Others have been unwilling to criticize the most strident anti-immigrant voices emanating from the field. Indeed, only long-shot candidate Senator Lindsey Graham seems to grasp the damage that the party's latest fount of an anti-immigrant sentiment, Donald Trump, is inflicting on the party's prospects in 2016 and beyond. Meanwhile, just one Republican, Ben Carson, spoke at last month's Annual Meeting of the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials (NALEO), and at her association's meeting, Janet Murguía, the head of the National Council of La Raza, went so far as to call out the Republican Party for its failure to repudiate Trump's comments.
Nearly four years later, the Republican Party appears to look a lot like the party described in the Republican National Committee's “Growth and Opportunity Project” report. You know, the report that found that “Hispanic voters tell us our Party's position on immigration has become a litmus test, measuring whether we are meeting them with a welcome mat or a closed door.” Meanwhile, a 40 percent threshold becomes a 47 percent threshold and every month over 50,000 Latinos celebrate their 18th birthdays.
David Damore is a Senior Analyst at Latino Decisions and Associate Professor of Political Science at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
Matt A. Barreto is co-founder of Latino Decisions and Professor of Political Science and Chicano/a study at UCLA.
DIY Projects and Crafts
DIY Projects' fun, easy-to-follow (and FREE!) DIY tutorials tell you all you need to know about making the best projects and crafts, no matter the season!
Every day DIY Projects bring you new diy craft tutorials for do-it-yourself projects that are easy to make! Whether that's a new fire pit for the summer, a kitchen organizer for all your spices, the best way to upcycle used goods, or charming crafts that are perfect for weddings and parties… DIY Projects has it here so you can learn to make it yourself alongside tutorials of our community experts.
If you've got the DIY bug and want to start making your own things… just start right here at DIY Projects! Look around and see what inspires you. Let's get crafting!
On the fifth anniversary of the discovery of the Asian longhorned beetle in Worcester, state and local officials lauded the work to contain the pest, but said more work is needed.
On the fifth anniversary of the discovery of the Asian longhorned beetle in Worcester, state and local officials lauded the work to contain the pest, but said more work is needed.
The beetle, which bores into hardwood trees and eventually kills them by eating out the trees' structure, was initially found in Worcester's Burncoat neighborhood and spread to neighboring Shrewsbury, Holden, West Boylston and Boylston.
State and federal officials Monday declared August Forest Pest Awareness Month and encouraged the public to check trees in their yards and neighborhoods for signs of the pest.
"We need all the eyes on the ground we can have," said Rick Sullivan, secretary of the executive office of energy and environmental affairs. "It is very important that citizens do look at their trees."
Residents can spot signs of the beetle in hardwood trees, such as maple, elm and ash, by checking for exit holes and an orange discoloration to the bark, said Clint McFarland, of the US Department of Agriculture's Asian Longhorned Beetle Eradication Program.
While the beetles are not currently threatening any MetroWest communities, McFarland cautioned that they could spread if people living in the beetle quarantine zone move infested trees or firewood.
"It's still a concern and threat," said McFarland. "We still worry about it."
McFarland estimated full eradication is still about 10 years away, but said federal officials are encouraged by dwindling numbers of infested trees.
"If we're counting infested trees on our fingers that's a good thing," said McFarland.
Since the beetle was found in Worcester, federal officials have surveyed over 3.5 million trees and cut down, chipped up and incinerated more than 30,000 to control the spread.
While 33,000 trees have been cut down, the treeline of the region remains mostly unchanged as state and federal officials have partnered to replant over 25,000 trees with 2,000 more to be planted later this year.
"Never before has a region lost and replanted so many trees in this short of time,' said U.S. Rep. Jim McGovern, D-2nd.
State and federal officials are optimistic about their efforts.
"This is a critical milestone," said Jack Murray, commissioner of the Department of Conservation and Recreation. "There is more work to be done. This pest can be eradicated."
Jeff Malachowski can be reached at 508-490-7466 or jmalachowski@wickedlocal.com.
Glyphs are magical improvements that can only be found on armor. It is the armor's equivalent to enchantments.
The equations given in this article are only true if the armor level is ≥0. Any armor under level 0 has formulae the same as level 0.
Contents show]
Use Edit
Every time the Hero/ine is hit, there is a chance for the armor to apply an effect. For some armor, only melee (enemy and Hero/ine in contact) have any chance of effect.
Glyphs/Inscriptions increase armor damage reduction.
Obtaining Edit
A randomly spawned armor has a 1/10 probability to already have a glyph.
A Scroll of Enchantment can add a random glyph to a non-inscribed armor, or it can randomly change an already existing glyph to another glyph.
Table of glyphs Edit
Glyph Probabilities Edit
See:
Main article: Glyph Probabilities
Glyph Loss Edit
When using a standard Scroll of Upgrade on an inscribed armor, there is a risk to lose that glyph.
Reforging armor via Troll Blacksmith also has the same risk as with using a Scroll of Upgrade.
Appearance of glyphs Edit
Bounce Edit
Affection Edit
Multiplicity Edit
Potential Edit
Metabolism Edit
Stench Edit
Viscosity Edit
Displacement Edit
Entanglement Edit
Tips Edit
Some glyphs can be countered, or its effect(s) can be reduced. Entanglement's Rooted debuff can be dispelled by the Levitating buff from a Potion of Levitation. The effect of Anti-entropy can be reduced with a Ring of Elements. Stench can be countered with a Potion of Purification.
History Edit
An old schoolmate from Raffles Institution, with whom I have not cared to keep in touch, rang me out of the blue last week to make me an offer he said I could not possibly refuse.
I remember him as a silver-tongued baby-faced rascal, who was ever so eager to make a fast buck out of clueless classmates by selling them old copies of Playboy magazine at inflated prices. He had no idea what scruples meant and would not have known any even if they fell down the lift shaft together. But he sure had a talent for spinning stories and could sell a refrigerator to an Eskimo, if ever he came across one. This was why many from RI would remember him more by his nickname, Hustle, than his real one.
"So, Hus, what are you trying to sell me this time?" I asked him point-blank, not caring to waste any of the five million or more minutes I have left on this earth in small talk with him. Back came the reply with a huge dose of feigned anguish: "Oh, come on, Les, you are hurting my feelings! Is that the way to talk to an old friend who is offering you a chance to make millions?"
I was so taken aback by the bit about millions that I forgot to remind him that we were not exactly friends, never mind old ones. All I could muster was a "Huh?" - at half an octave higher than my usual tone.
Hustle said: "It's very simple. Let's start a church. Or, to be more accurate, join me as a pastor in the church that I am going to start."
I was speechless!
He continued: "Don't sound so shocked. Hey, you are still with the press, right, though I hear from other schoolmates that you will be retiring soon? You must know from your own newspaper reports that there are millions to be raised from church-goers."
I regained my breath: "Listen, Hustle, I don't know the first thing about being a pastor and have not the slightest idea how to qualify as one. Jeez, I have never even read the Bible, not a single page, not a line, nada. And I sure as hell am not going to land myself in jail and soil my reputation by passing off as one. So, goodbye!"
"Hey, hey, hey, don't hang up so fast, lah!" he cut in. "Hear me out. I have done my homework. You don't need to sit for any exam or get any piece of paper to call yourself a pastor. The thing is, a pastor is like, uh, a kind of shepherd. As long as there are sheep out there prepared to be led like a flock by you, then you are the shepherd or pastor, lor! Nothing illegal about that.
"So what you have not read the Bible! No worries! I bet you some of those chaps out there who call themselves pastors have not, either. Anyway, I have read it front to back and back to front, so relax, I can provide the sermon notes.
"And you know why I thought of asking you? No? Because you are so articulate - in both English and Mandarin. Many classmates and schoolmates tell me they have heard you make impromptu speeches, without any notes and on subjects ranging from erotic Chinese literature to digital disruption, to audiences who lapped up every word you said. I know many people say I am a smooth talker and can rattle off as if my mouth has been rinsed in oil. But hey, you and I know that when it comes to public speaking, you are the Big Brother. You can preach to the congregation and have them reach for their wallet, without breaking a sweat!
"And who says we are going to do anything that will land us in jail, huh? Everything we do will be legal and legitimate. We will be upfront. Yes, we want those attending our church to donate money. But we won't insist on one-tenth of their salary or use pressure tactics. I will say, right from the start, that the money collected will go towards a fund to be invested and the returns from investment will go towards good causes. There will be proper documentation. No cooking of books, absolutely not. "
I interjected: "So where will your millions come from?"
Back came the answer, faster than you can say Hallelujah: "Simple, I charge for my salary and other expenses and I collect a management fee for investing the funds."
I retorted: "What makes you think people will donate and trust you with their donations? What makes you think they will accept you as their fund manager?"
Hustle: "Hey, your own newspapers have reported many times that among those who have been donating big-time to self-styled churches are doctors, lawyers, professionals, not just lonely spinsters yearning for love and fellowship. I have been studying this phenomenon for some time. I don't know whether it is some desire to fill a spiritual void or emotional emptiness in materialistic, soulless Singapore, or greed or some New Age quest for meaning in life or what. But if people are prepared to give, to gain whatever inner solace they seek, then I am happy to take.
"And why not me as a fund manager? I have a degree in accountancy, remember, and I am also a Certified Financial Analyst. Besides, you think Singaporeans will probe deeply into those who profess to know how to invest their money? And if I don't file for tax deductions for donations to charities, I may not even have to open my books to all and sundry."
I pressed him: "So you think you can start a church just like that? Will the authorities let you?"
Hustle chuckled: "Ha ha, like so many of these self-styled churches that have cropped up, I will register mine as a society. Tell you what, I will even copy their articles of association. So if the authorities refuse to register me, even as a society, when my articles of association are, almost word for word, the same as the others', then they will have to de-register them too, right? In any case, if they refuse registration, I can scream blue murder about freedom of worship as enshrined in the Constitution of our Republic.
"Who is to say my church is not legit? If you think about it, is there any world body that confers legitimacy on any of these self-styled churches? I don't know of any. I do know, of course, that Catholic churches are answerable to the Holy See, and maybe the Methodist and other mainstream denominations also belong to some worldwide hierarchical orders. But all these charismatic types?"
I pressed him further: "But what are you going to teach? What will you call your church?"
Hustle paused for a second, then said: "What to teach? Oh, world peace, universal love, discover yourself, some s*** like that. As for name, I thought of No Harvest Church at first, but nah, that's cutting it too close. So I will settle for Singapore Church of the Asian Messiah. What do you think?"
I was stumped: "Asian Messiah?"
Hustle: "Aiyah, you know Chinese history. In 19th century, a Hakka chap called Hong Xiuquan started the 14-year Taiping Rebellion in Qing China. His rallying cry was that he was the younger brother of Jesus, sent to China to save the suffering masses. Millions believed him. There is nothing to say a Messiah cannot be from Asia, right? Anyway, what's your answer, are you on?"
I sighed: "I don't know how you can even think of making money out of some people's need to believe in some God or other, granted that they deserve to be taken in for being so gullible. It's so... so... you are a real disgrace to RI."
Hustle: "Hello, I am not the first, nor will I be the last from RI to try this, OK? So that is a no?"
I slammed the phone down on him.
•The writer, formerly editor of The Straits Times, is senior executive vice-president of Singapore Press Holdings' marketing and digital divisions.
Let us learn the secrets of successful investors. Here we'll understand the 11 habits to follow to strategically manage your assets and get good return on investment.
There is nothing trivial when it comes to accumulating wealth and investing especially, if the investors are confused between desired results and avoiding risk factors.
11 simple yet effective habits that can actually help investors to accumulate capital in a better and composed way.
1) Make A Binding Commitment
There are three options that every investor can use to make binding commitment
Strategic Asset Allocation (also known as long term characteristics) should rule the part to various asset classes The common rule that every investor should follow is to make sure that he should not put all his eggs in same basket (which means he needs to diversify his investment) Invest regularly
1. Put Strategy before the Tactics:
It is important that one should put the strategy before the tactics, which means invest in the strategy.
Investors should decide on the basis of strategy if he wants to invest in equities or in bonds, depending on what suits his risk profile.
Strategic Asset Allocation can be implemented easily with the balanced portfolios.
If everything is managed actively, it is easy for portfolio managers to make the tactical adjustments that too, without letting the investors worry about anything at all.
2. Diversification:
Every investor must have come across the term "Never Put All Your Eggs in One Basket". However, only few investors actually follow this term.
Usually, there is not a huge point to get hold of perfect investment every time and to make continues changes in your portfolio.
However, you should not put all your investment in one single bond, equity or asset.
3. Invest regularly:
When it comes to saving plans, the rule is same i.e. to earn the risk premiums, it is important to take risks, it can be in terms of market risk premium, equity market risk premium or inflation risk premium. Though there is no guarantee of the specific performance, there are three effects that can be tactically combined.
Diversification Effect: Making investment regularly will give you the chance to diversify in a basket of bonds or equities. The savings can go in different infinite multi asset solutions. Investment Diversification Strategy is the key to earning high returns from your capital and is preferred by successful investors.
Making investment regularly will give you the chance to diversify in a basket of bonds or equities. The savings can go in different infinite multi asset solutions. Investment Diversification Strategy is the key to earning high returns from your capital and is preferred by successful investors. Average Cost Effect: When it comes to paying exact amount on regular basis in the saving plans, basically means that the shares are bought for different amount as they continue to change with the changing trends in capital market.
When it comes to paying exact amount on regular basis in the saving plans, basically means that the shares are bought for different amount as they continue to change with the changing trends in capital market. Compound Interest Effect: If you want to earn benefits from compound interest effect by re-investing distributions then you should save for long period of time.
2. Know "What You Want" and "Challenge Yourself"
If you analyze the lessons that behavioral economics taught over the period of time, you will realize everything comes down to one thing i.e. the functionality of the brain is the result of development process that has been taking place since forever.
This is the reason that our brain sometimes shows certain behavioral patterns that were part of historic period and are not easy to be explained rationally.
To break things down, let's take a simple example: you as an investor often use a certain frame to view the world of investments.
You see whatever you desire to see, keeping a close eye on the loss rather than looking at better alternatives for better results.
You prefer to go with the flow, by following the crowd around you, or lean on certain sentiments that keep you torn between the greed and fear of loss.
Before making any decisions, put yourself in a test: if you are playing head or tails and you are at risk of losing 50 CHF every time on tails, before actually willing to start playing this game, how bad would you want the chance of the winning, definitely more than 50 CHF.
This desire more is neither wrong nor right, as the only thing that it reflects is your preferences.
If you prefer to leave whatever savings you have in a savings account and eliminate the factor of getting returns or simply back off from something just because you fear loss, this can be something very dangerous for an investor.
If The Horse Is Dead, Dismount:
It is a great thing for you to pay attention to Dakota Indians and their wisdom.
They believe in the term "If The Horse Is Dead, Dismount." There are still a lot of investors who back in time bought some equities for not more than 60 CHF and even today after decades they are still hoping that prices would return to same type of level.
However, if they had decided to sell those equities and switch to a huge variety of European or German Equities, they might have ended up with good return on investment, instead they preferred to hold on to their idea of gaining from their equities for a long time.
3) The Fundamental Law of Capital Investment
A successful investor is well aware of the fact that he cannot simply enjoy the risk premiums, if he continues to ignore the risk. This is one of the fundamental laws, when it comes to capital investment.
In order to explain this concept logically let's use simpler terms.
To understand the importance of investments in the riskier assets, one should think about the high returns that will be generated from these investments. While on the other hand, investments with low risks does not bring in high returns.
To understand the above factor, it is important to dig into history:
According to the historical time series, which is available for US equity market, indicates when it comes to the risk premiums, there is no disappointment, despite the fact that the return for US equity market has not been exactly same all the time.
On comparing the risk premium that are on American stock market to 30-year US Treasuries for over 30 years right from the beginning of given time period i.e. 1801 to almost end of the 2015, it can be seen that 3.7% pointer were generated from the risk premium for over 30 years.
If you look further you will see that the weakest performance period was from 1981 to 2011, has the risk premium of almost -0.85%. Upon analyzing the entire series you will see the effects of the equity premiums from 1901 to 2015.
If the investors had been wise and invested only $1 in the Treasuries back in 1801, they will have earned almost $1550 or even more at the end of 2015, which means that if your ancestor had invested some capital at that time then you would have achieved 155000% returns on that invested capital.
If you look further you will see that the weakest performance period was from 1981 to 2011, has the risk premium of almost -0.85%. Upon analyzing the entire series you will see the effects of the equity premiums from 1901 to 2015.
If the investors had been wise and invested only $1 in the Treasuries back in 1801, they will have earned almost $1550 or even more at the end of the 2015, which means that if your ancestor had invested some capital at that time then you would have achieved 155000% returns on that invested capital.
Formula for Calculating Market Risk Premium:
Market Risk Premium can be calculated by subtracting the risk-free rate from the expected equity market return, which provides a quantitative measure of the extra return demanded by investors for increased risk.
4) Invest, Don't Speculate!
There is no need to track price movements as well as market, in order to find out what is the perfect timing to go in or out. There is no one who will call you and explain you when you should invest and when you should not.
However, if you are serious about accumulating the capital for a longer period of time, you would stop speculating and start investing.
When it comes to speculation, it is like betting on the price movements but in short terms. On the other hand, investing is all about putting your capital in some work that could give you benefits on the long run.
The chart given below shows distinction that is based on the different equity market segments:
If you take the example of European equities, you will see that the diversified investments has been made if investments are made in a diversified manner for 25 years, on average you would have earned 8% returns on investment.
However, if you sit back and just wait for the better prices, and wasted 20 best days then you have gained only 2% or less. On missing 40 best days, the loss will be of 2.3%.
It's better to make your money do the work. Moreover, when it comes to missing some of the best days, it is extremely of high risk.
This article is part of a series examining in depth the various threats to the Great Barrier Reef.
The Great Barrier Reef, in one of the world's best-managed marine parks, might seem safe enough from human activities on land. But its future depends to a large degree on what people do alongside it.
The Reef's coastline spans about 2,300 km, and its catchment is home to 1,165,000 people, most of whom live along the coast. The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park attracts some 1.6 million tourists each year, while the coastal zone produces or exports large volumes of farming and mining products.
While most development has been in the southern two-thirds of the Reef's coast, south of Cooktown, much of the Reef's coastal zone has been converted (see pages 6-36 here) to various land uses, such as housing and other urban infrastructure like roads, drainage, commercial and light-industry areas, and tourism facilities. Land has been developed for sugar cane and other crops, aquaculture, stock grazing, highways, railways, refineries and other industrial developments, and ports.
People have changed the Reef's coastal zone dramatically, and the direct result is the decline of the Reef's ecosystems. Further declines are likely, but not inevitable – with enough commitment, we can improve the Reef's condition.
Effects of coastal development
The beauty, biological richness, and cultural values that have made the Great Barrier Reef a World Heritage Area, not to mention a global and national icon, are at stake, as UNESCO weighs up whether to add the Reef to the List of World Heritage in Danger.
The water that flows into the Reef's lagoon is polluted with sediments, nutrients and pesticides. Urban development is a big contributor, while some tourism developments, such as Port Hinchinbrook, have been ecologically damaging because of poor planning or inappropriate fast-tracking.
Many coastal waterways have been blocked by roads and dams; recreational and commercial fishing have damaged habitats and populations of dolphins and dugongs (see page 127 here); and shipping traffic is set to increase markedly, with the associated port development posing a threat from dredging.
Add climate change to the mix, and the upshot is a long list of threats (see page 256 here) to the Reef, some of which are set to intensify rapidly.
AAP Image/Dan Peled
The danger is death by a thousand cuts. No single development has tipped the balance, but a litany of poor choices has resulted in a tyranny of small decisions, with a large cumulative impact.
The problem is simple, even if the solutions are not: a long succession of piecemeal developments and government approvals has ignored or failed to understand the environmental problems, and put short-term gain before the long-term survival of the Reef.
What are we doing about it?
To the casual observer, checks and balances seem to be in place for safeguarding the Reef. Large developments are subject to environmental impact assessments (EIAs), while there are systems aimed at monitoring cumulative damage and offsetting any environmental losses.
The reality is different. The EIA process is broken, with a focus on bureaucratic procedure instead of good environmental outcomes, and permit conditions are not being monitored. Offsets are poorly implemented, preventing real compensation for environmental losses, and the assessment of cumulative impacts is primitive.
Last year, when the Federal and Queensland governments released their draft 2050 Long-Term Sustainability Plan, they acknowledged that the greatest risks to the Reef are “climate change, poor water quality from land-based run off, impacts from coastal development and some fishing activities”. In a critical response, the Australian Academy of Science pointed out that the draft plan would promote further coastal development and fail to assess and mitigate the resulting impacts on the Reef.
The revised Reef 2050 Plan, released in March, is still short on specific commitments to tackle the impacts of coastal development. The Academy remains concerned.
Some statements of achievement don't stand up to close scrutiny. For example, the ban on marine dumping of dredge spoil from new port developments leaves the Queensland government with the problem of deciding where else it will go, with the environmental impacts still unknown. And the plan is vague about the management of around a million cubic metres a year of spoil from maintenance dredging at existing ports.
The Reef Trust, bolstered by an extra $100 million in the recent Federal Budget, provides welcome additional funding, although not enough to address all the threats to the Reef. And some of the Reef Trust money amounts to a levy on developers who damage the Great Barrier Reef, with the funds set to be used in ways that are obscure and – if past performance is any guide – possibly ineffective.
The Reef 2050 Plan sets targets for ecosystem health and biodiversity that are general and qualitative, making achievement subject to argument. Enhancements to management of coastal land-use change are described using terms such as “add to”, “require”, “strengthen”, and “ensure” – vaguely encouraging, but essentially lacking in specific commitment.
Time to get serious
If the Federal and Queensland governments are serious about reducing the impacts of present and future coastal development on the Great Barrier Reef, there are several ways forward.
First, the burden of proof should rest with developers. We have pushed the Great Barrier Reef to the point where there can be no more tolerance of uncertainty about the impacts of developments. Where there is any uncertainty, proponents of new developments must demonstrate that no harm will ensue.
Second, the environmental impact assessment process needs to be made effective, by appointing contractors capable of independent assessment, introducing peer-review of assessments, ensuring financial guarantees against unexpected impacts, and regular auditing of approval conditions.
Third, governments need to use the best available methods to assess cumulative impacts on the Reef as a result of changes in land and water use, coastal planning decisions, and the future demands for coal, sugar cane, tourism or other products. We have the ability to model the effects of all these factors on the Reef, using the best available data and expert opinion.
Fourth, there is an urgent need to tighten the process of environmental offsets, which are meant to deliver environmental benefits elsewhere to make up for damage caused by development. Above and beyond the need to first avoid or mitigate environmental damage from developments, offsets should be designed according to world's best practice, an appropriate standard for the Great Barrier Reef.
Fifth, targets for recovery of the Reef need actual numbers, not vague statements. And those numbers should, at any time, be the best available estimates of what is needed for the recovery of key ecosystems and species, coupled with ongoing monitoring.
Committed action on these five fronts would be a strong start toward reversing the decline of the Great Barrier Reef. There is no time to lose.
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch's makes happy talk in his opening statement to the Judiciary Committee. The good feelings won't last.
The initial phases of Senate confirmation hearings, especially for judges, usually revolve around the Kabuki theater of laying down markers. The nominee exudes good will to all and reaches out to as many constituencies as possible. The two parties congenially accuse each other of bad faith in accepting or rejecting the nominee. Later on, the phony peace ends and more meaningful interactions occur when senators get to ask questions and then spar with each other. In the case of Neil Gorsuch's Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing for the Supreme Court, the tough stuff will begin tomorrow.
The bipartisan tone for Gorsuch's appearance was set by the fact that his introducers included Colorado's Democratic Senator Michael Bennet (a home-state courtesy) and liberal civil-liberties attorney and one-time acting solicitor general for the Obama administration Neal Katyel. The latter, not coincidentally, is currently helping the state of Hawaii fight the Trump travel ban.
Gorsuch's own opening statement was well-wrought. Aside from all the obligatory expressions of thanks to the president and the judge's family and friends and all the little people behind the scenes (you'd have thought he grew up in the obscurity of the lower-middle-class if you did not realize his mother served in Ronald Reagan's cabinet), Gorsuch oozed humility and even-handedness. His judicial shout-outs were highly calculated to cover a lot of ground.
Like all Coloradans, he professed to revere SCOTUS Justice Byron “Whizzer” White, a JFK appointee who nonetheless dissented from Roe v. Wade and authored a landmark opinion defending sodomy laws. He gave a nod to another justice for whom he clerked, Anthony Kennedy, while casually mentioning they didn't always agree on everything, which I took as a subtle indicator that he doesn't share Kennedy support for reproductive rights. And while he saved the loudest praise for his immediate predecessor and conservative icon Antonin Scalia, he matched that tribute with the claim that Justice Robert Jackson represented a tradition equally important to him. Jackson dissented from the Supreme Court decision that allowed the internment of Japanese-Americans and also served as chief prosecutor at Nuremberg. So he's an important legal angel to invoke for those worried that he might bless xenophobic or even authoritarian Trump-administration policies.
The same reassure-everybody signals were sent by Gorsuch's repeated pledges of judicial independence. To liberals that means independence from the president and party that chose him; for conservatives it connotes a willingness to defy liberal conventions and Big Government.
The opening statements of Judiciary Committee members did not break much unexpected ground. Democrats repeatedly contrasted their own willingness to consider Gorsuch on his merits with the GOP's summary rejection without a hearing of Obama nominee Merrick Garland. Ted Cruz picked up on the standard conservative line that the very public vetting process for the judge made him a sort of people's choice. Democrat Richard Blumenthal implicitly responded by questioning whether Gorsuch had passed some sort of “Trump litmus test,” by which he meant a promise to vote the way conservatives would like on crucial issues like a challenge to Roe v. Wade.
To the uninitiated, it all sounded pretty congenial. But you can expect lines to be drawn tomorrow, and Gorsuch's well-rehearsed happy talk to curdle a bit. The whole show should end Thursday, and divide attention with the planned American Health Care Act vote in the House that day and whatever other madness breaks out in this unpredictable era of Donald Trump.
The “SUBARU VIZIV GT Vision Gran Turismo” is coming soon to "Gran Turismo 6", available exclusively on PlayStation®3. This is a true sportscar with the most aggressive styling and vehicle specs in Subaru's history. The VIZIV GT delivers extreme performance while maintaining a level of drivability that allows you to be in total control.
How to receive it
About the SUBARU VIZIV GT Vision Gran Turismo
About Vision Gran Turismo
Update 1.14 will be coming soon. Once the Update has been installed, the car can be purchased from the [Vision GT] area within the [CARS] section in "My Home" (here, you can also find the car's presentation movie). Alternatively, it is also possible to obtain the car by completing a lap (regardless of the lap time) in the new Seasonal Event, available only for a limited time.Vision Gran Turismo is a revolutionary project established for car enthusiasts all over the world. The car provided by Subaru for this dream project where the world's car manufacturers and brands develop concept cars in the game world, is an ultimate sportscar carrying Subaru's concept car motto "VIZIV"; Vision for Innovation. The car is called the "SUBARU VIZIV GT Vision Gran Turismo".Inheriting the design language of Subaru's "SUBARU VIZIV 2 Concept" revealed at the March 2014 Geneva show, the Subaru design team have added dynamic and solid shapes to the model. Its shoulder line extends from the front hexagonal grill all the way to the rear. Its tough looking body seems as though it was carved from hard, solid metal. And with blister fenders extending its shape three dimensionally outward, it visually expresses Subaru's pursuit of a safe and enjoyable driving experience. Its large diffuser, the roof integrated rear spoiler, and its shooting brake silhouette which accounts for aerodynamic performance, will surely stand out among others in the game.Thorough weight reduction was a focus in the design of the body structure, and carbon materials have been utilized everywhere. As a result, the vehicle weight was held down to 1,380 kg despite being equipped with heavy batteries and motors. Propelling the lightweight body is Subaru's legendary 2 liters horizontally opposed engine that has been fully tuned with years of motorsports experience. The direct injection turbocharged engine that has been powered up with revised restrictor diameters is combined with one high power motor in the front and two in the rear, which achieves a total system power output of 591 HP and 800 Nm (593 ft-lb) of maximum torque. By independently controlling each of the motor outputs, turning ability while cornering is drastically improved, while the torque vectoring lamps built into the fenders visualize its movement. Thus as with any other Subaru, the car is made controllable for anyone driving the car, regardless of its extremely high performance levels.Experience the "SUBARU VIZIV GT Vision Gran Turismo", a car that delivers Subaru's ideals of confidence and driving pleasure through an unprecedented aggressive design and extreme levels of performance.Vision Gran Turismo is a project in which the world's leading brands develop concept cars for Gran Turismo and its fans. Please look forward to more fantastic car models in line to be released in the near future!
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: We end today's show with an update on a story Democracy Now! has followed closely: President Obama's expansion of the controversial practice of detaining mothers and their children. Starting last summer, thousands of Central American women with kids as young as a few months old crossed into the United States seeking asylum. Even though many were later found to have a credible fear of violent persecution, they found themselves rounded up and put into detention, with little chance for freedom until they were deported.
AMY GOODMAN: But last month a federal judge ordered immigration authorities to begin releasing the women and children. He found the Obama administration's policy of detaining them in order to deter others from coming was illegal. Since then, more families have been granted bond and released, while others who are unable to afford the bonds remain locked up. They're held at one of two new family detention centers run by private prison companies in South Texas. Democracy Now!'s Renée Feltz went there to find out more. She filed this report.
RENÉE FELTZ: My first stop in Texas is a small town called Dilley. An hour north of the Mexican border, just off Interstate 35, is a family detention center that opened in December. It was built on the site of a former man camp for oil field workers. I meet a resident who lives nearby and offers to show me around.
DILLEY RESIDENT: Here we are at the South Texas Family Residential Center. Pretty far out of sight. And out of sight, out of mind.
RENÉE FELTZ: We drive around a 50-acre site now run by Corrections Corporation of America. It's filled with hundreds of mud-colored trailers. Each one can house eight people, or about three families. Much of the site is surrounded by a high fence. But peeking through it, I can see rows of trailers stretching into the distance. In one area, the top of a playground rises above the fence, and I can hear children's voices. Much of the site is still under construction. Two large tents look like they've just been finished, each one big enough for hundreds of beds. When the facility is done, it will be able to hold 2,400 women and children. I asked my contact what Dilley residents think of it all.
DILLEY RESIDENT: What I've heard the most is, “Hey, they're building a new detention facility over there. I'm going to ask them for a job.” Or showing someone the headline in the local paper that came out the week that they announced this, and it said, “Feds OK internment camp at Dilley.” And the sub-headline was: “Opportunities for job employment.”
RENÉE FELTZ: In fact, this part of Texas is no stranger to the detention of families. In 1942, the nearby town of Crystal City was home to an internment camp for Japanese and German men, along with their wives and children.
PRESIDENT FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT: The filming of the Crystal City facility, which you are about to see, shows how men, women and children, detainees of World War II, lived, worked and played under traditional American standards of decent and humane treatment.
RENÉE FELTZ: Details from a 1946 government film about the Crystal City internment camp sound eerily similar to the present-day camp in Dilley about an hour away.
FILM NARRATOR: Originally, it was a migratory labor camp of approximately 100 housing units, utility and recreation buildings. To provide for a population of 3,600, we added more than 500 housing units. Plastic camp money was issued to them in accordance with the size and needs of the family. Here are some children at play under the direction of a detainee teacher.
RENÉE FELTZ: Most of the women and children interned in Crystal City were U.S. citizens. The government later apologized for their treatment. Today, the women and children detained in Dilley are immigrants from El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala. But their detention has drawn similar scrutiny. In February, a federal judge ordered immigration authorities to begin releasing the women and children. Since then, many judges have granted them bonds between $4,000 and $10,000. If the women and children can pay, they are released to live with relatives while they seek legal status. But some detainees can't afford their bonds, and others are ineligible if they've been deported before. Still, while I'm at Dilley, I do see a group of newly freed detainees being loaded into a small white bus. One of my sources tells me they'll be dropped off at the Greyhound bus station about an hour north in San Antonio. I decide to meet him there and find out.
And we're here speaking with?
MOHAMMAD ABDOLLAHI: Mohammad Abdollahi. I'm with RAICES, the Refugee and Immigrant Center for Education and Legal Services. We work in collaboration with the Interfaith Welcome Coalition. And each night we're here at the Greyhound bus station in downtown San Antonio, where we have vanfuls of women that are usually brought from either of the family detention centers. And usually what unfolds is the women come in the facilities, and it's very surprising for us, in that the women are usually released from detention in the same clothing that they were probably caught in in the summer.
RENÉE FELTZ: As I talked to Mohammad, a van stops by and drops off a group of five mothers and eight children. They had been held at the other family detention center in Karnes City. Most will travel for days to live with an approved family member or friend. But they have no money or supplies, so the Interfaith Welcoming Committee brings them backpacks full of donated food, toys and diapers. Volunteer Rebecca Ortiz lists the ages of the newly freed people she's met.
REBECCA ORTIZ: As young as 10 months, two weeks, usually three and four, seven, 10. Just recently we've seen some teenagers. They're dropped off here at the bus station. And we're here to help them, because we know that they don't understand English. We're here to help translate their tickets, show them how to read the tickets, explain the journey. Sometimes we'll have a map of the United States, because they have no idea that they're in Texas, or they know they're in Texas, but they don't know how far it's going to be when they travel to California or Florida or Massachusetts or New York, Montana, Wyoming. So we have the map, and we show them, “You're here, and you're going to travel through here, you know, until you reach your destination.” And we may not have control over things our government does. We have no control over what a foreign government does. But when someone is standing in front of you, who needs help, we're ready.
RENÉE FELTZ: As families wait to board their buses, I watch a volunteer give the kids stuffed animals she pulls from her purse. She's been helping the women when they were detainees to connect with lawyers. She tells me about the ID cards issued to them inside.
JOHANA DE LEON: This is the ID for one of our clients that we had, Patricia—oh, I don't want to say her name, but just Patricia. We represented her in a pro bono capacity. We helped her with her bond representation. She was there for three months, and after three months she got a $5,000 bond, that also, with the help of the Interfaith Welcome Coalition, we were able to raise money and pay that bond on behalf of her.
RENÉE FELTZ: So, you're holding a card that belongs to Patricia. Can you describe what this is?
JOHANA DE LEON: Yes, this is the ID the women and the kids in detention have. Each woman and kid get assigned a card that—they can be used for buying food at the commissary. Also, they must show it to the guards when they get count, which is three times a day. And also, if the kids want to take out a toy from the room area, they have to leave their IDs, just in case they lose the toy.
RENÉE FELTZ: Most of the women I meet at the bus station are too tired and nervous to talk to me on camera just after their release. But the next day, one of them agrees to share her experience of being detained.
[speaking Spanish]
RENÉE FELTZ: Erika and her 17-year-old son, Christian, agree to do an interview at the shelter for newly freed immigrants where they spent the night.
ERIKA RODRIGUEZ: [translated] My name is Erika Rodriguez. I left El Salvador on January 13th, crossed the river on January 27. The 27th, I was in McAllen. Once there, the immigration agent took us into custody and drove us to what we call the ice box. We were there almost three days and then taken to a place called the doghouse, a warehouse with chain-link fence cages. After two days, they brought us to the detention center in Karnes City, where we had a medical checkup and they gave us food. They gave us five changes of clothes and a blanket. They told us we were going to remain as a family in our rooms, but then we were separated from our children, and my son was put with other teenagers. Only children under eight years old could remain with adults in our rooms.
CHRISTIAN RODRIGUEZ: [translated] My name is Christian Rodriguez. I am 17 years old. Sometimes I complain about the week that they locked me up in medical isolation, because it was very ugly to be there, because I could not go anywhere. I was sitting there by the window watching the nurses pass by.
ERIKA RODRIGUEZ: [translated] They just told us to gather all our stuff and go to the nursery. And once there, we were locked in a room for five days. We did not see daylight, dusk, anything, because it was all locked. After five days, five officers came, but they did not give us a reason. In the week of punishment, my son lost five pounds because he was not eating. They gave him three meals, but he was eating once a day at most.
RENÉE FELTZ: Why didn't he want to eat?
CHRISTIAN RODRIGUEZ: [translated] Because I felt very sad to be there locked up. Because I had no friends, could not see anything. It was the same every day, and I had no desire to eat.
ERIKA RODRIGUEZ: [translated] Thank God I was there not more than a month and eight days. But it seems like it was for my entire life. It is something that has really left a mark in me.
RENÉE FELTZ: After I speak with Erika and her son, I meet Rosalinda Maldonado. She helps run the shelter that housed them the night before.
ROSALINDA MALDONADO: It's inhumane what we're doing with these families, you know. They are being terrorized.
RENÉE FELTZ: Rosalinda tries to stay in touch with the women who pass through the house after being released from detention. She worries that some had their bonds paid for by traffickers. But she says even those who are reunited with family face trauma from their detention ordeal.
ROSALINDA MALDONADO: I feel like when they're telling me they were put in these cells, or they tell me they're going to take my children away, being the person who they are releasing all the pain, I start telling them, “Forgive my country,” even though this is not my country. I'm Mexican. I'm undocumented. But I say I'll forgive my country, you know, because this is a new step for you.
RENÉE FELTZ: In San Antonio, I'm Renée Feltz for Democracy Now!
AMY GOODMAN: That report by Democracy Now! producer Renée Feltz, who joins us now. Renée, your thoughts as you were in Texas doing this story?
RENÉE FELTZ: Amy, it was striking to see how young the children were coming out of detention, just babies in their mothers' arms. And while I was down there, reportedly one woman in detention tried to commit suicide.
AMY GOODMAN: Well, we're also joined by Barbara Hines, former director of the Immigration Clinic at the University of Texas Law School. Her affidavit in a lawsuit challenging detention of women and children as a method of deterrence to mass migration was cited by the federal judge in his order to halt the practice. Explain that lawsuit, Barbara.
BARBARA HINES: Well, that lawsuit was a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union, the University of Texas Immigration Clinic and a private law firm to challenge the practice of holding mothers and children to send a deterrence message to other families, arguing that these mothers and children were a national security risk, picking the most vulnerable group of immigrants coming to the United States, really asylum seekers, women and children fleeing the most horrific violence, and saying that that group had to be locked up in private prisons that are run on the profit motive.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And what about this issue of some people saying that these are not asylum seekers, but actually just undocumented immigrants.
BARBARA HINES: Well, that's actually not true in our experience. The vast majority of the women and children that have been held at all of the detention facilities that have been ramped up since June are asylum seekers. They have passed the initial screening, which is called the credible fear interview, to show that they meet the threshold standard for asylum. And under our international law and our domestic law, they have the right to apply for asylum to seek protection in this country.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And what are some of the conditions that they're being held under that you mentioned in your submission?
BARBARA HINES: Well, you know, first of all, these are run by—the facility in Karnes is run by the GEO Group. The facility in Dilley is run by the Corrections Corporation of America. The Corrections Corporation of America is same facility that ran Hutto, the last iteration of family detention that I actually did litigate, where children were held in—babies in prison uniforms, and these corporations thought that was acceptable.
The women and the children have no control over their lives. Everything is regimented—what time they get up, what they eat. The food is very bad. The medical care is substandard. Guards, just like when we litigated at Hutto, as I said, which was the last version of family detention, women have told us that they have been threatened that if their children misbehave, they'll be reported to the immigration judge, that it can negatively affect their case. Children who get out of line—and, of course, these are young children. How can you have children running around that don't stay in line? We had a mother with a baby that was learning to crawl, and that baby was not allowed on the ground, because the guards at GEO said that that was unsafe. She was forced to carry a baby around, which, of course, has terrible developmental effects for a child who is trying to learn to crawl and walk.
AMY GOODMAN: Barbara Hines, we have to leave that here, but we're going to do part two of the conversation and post at online at democracy.org, especially what happens in the courtroom, when the women see the judge through a video screen from prison. Barbara Hines, former director of the Immigration Clinic at University of Texas Law School, and Renée Feltz, thanks so much. And thanks to Tish Stringer for her video.
Int'l group to monitor U.S. polling sites
The Hill reports on a development that's grist for talk radio:
United Nations-affiliated election monitors from Europe and central Asia will be at polling places around the U.S. looking for voter suppression activities by conservative groups, a concern raised by civil rights groups during a meeting this week. The intervention has drawn criticism from a prominent conservative-leaning group combating election fraud. The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), a United Nations partner on democratization and human rights projects, will deploy 44 observers from its human rights office around the country on Election Day to monitor an array of activities, including potential disputes at polling places. It's part of a broader observation mission that will send out an additional 80 to 90 members of parliament from nearly 30 countries.
There's less here than meets the eye — the OSCE has been sending observers to American polling sites for a decade. And it isn't exactly empowered to do anything.
But this year the observers will be walking into a hornet's nest. On the left, the idea that Republicans are determined to suppress the vote by any means possible has taken hold — it's a frequent theme in Democratic fundraising emails. And on the right, where there are already fears of an erosion of U.S. sovereignty, there will be much skepticism of a largely European mission looking for signs of GOP voter suppression.
A Fair Trade notebook? - image by Damien Van Achter
The suicides at Foxconn have highlighted the issue of highly stressful working conditions in the global electronics industry. Foxconn has responded with psychologists, punch bags, swimming pools, and asking employees to promise not to kill themselves.
But these moves do nothing to change the actual working conditions. Suicide numbers are a big red herring because even if they go down, huge numbers of workers will still suffer from low wages, long hours, and many other tough and unhealthy working conditions.
A recent BBC documentary series, "Blood, Sweat and Luxuries" took six young British consumers and placed them exotic locations working in the same jobs as locals, and having to survive on the same wages.
It's an eye opening series because it showed the horrible work conditions that billions of people face daily, every week, for years, and decades. These were strong, healthy, young British adults, yet they would pass out from the backbreaking work, suffer panic attacks, and many other maladies, after just a few hours on the job.
They carried huge amounts of dirt in Ghana's gold fields; they processed leather in stinking abattoirs in Ethiopia; they dug deep holes in coffee plantations; and they had to work in an electronics factory in the Philippines where workers prepared tiny components for disk drives, processing one component every 3 seconds.
If they even took a moment to glance up from their tasks, or be distracted, they would fall behind in their quota and have their wages docked. It was incredible how much work had to be done for so little money by so many people. And the reason they were paid so little is that the electronics factory had to accept tiny profit margins in order to win its contracts.
All the large tech companies such as Apple, Nokia, Dell, etc have agreements with their suppliers that they do not employ children, and that they will abide by certain standards to protect workers. But it's not clear how these are monitored, enforced, or how much in common they share across the electronics industry.
What is common across the electronics industry is a relentless focus on reducing manufacturing costs, and the largest manufacturing cost is labor; which is why employees are pushed to work faster, while maintaining high quality work, and at the lowest wages acceptable.
We reap the benefits in the form of cheap digital gadgets, gizmos, and computers. We have absolutely no idea about all the blood, sweat, and human suffering that went into creating our digital devices.
For the six young Brits that took part in that five-week program, the experience was life changing. On their return they made big changes in their lifestyles, some changed their diets, and they all changed their buying habits. Some raised money and collected clothes and books for the families they met during their stay. And they found a new respect for Fair Trade goods.
One of them said that she used to dismiss Fair Trade coffee as some kind of marketing ploy, a trendy fashion. Now she doesn't, and is happy to pay extra because she knows it does make a difference in the lives of many people.
Would you buy a Fair Trade iPhone or Android smartphone? Would you buy a Fair Trade Dell or HP PC if there were such choices? And how much extra would you be willing to pay?
And more importantly, what would it take for you to be assured that the Fair Trade premium was making a difference in the lives of electronics workers?
It wasn't that long ago when PCs typically cost $5,000 and lots of people paid it willingly. These days you can pick up powerful notebooks for under $1000, and netbooks for under $400. And a $100 smartphone is more powerful than PCs from just a few years ago.
Surely, we should be able to afford to pay a Fair Trade premium on electronics without too much suffering on our part.
And hopefully, the global media attention on the Foxconn suicides will result in improved working conditions for millions of electronics workers, and Fair Trade electronics goods will become commonplace.
A nation with imperial ambitions is sowing chaos in the Middle East. Its tendrils have extended to another country's civil war where, thanks to its terrorist-allied proxies on the ground, it could very well consume another regional capital. Its bombs seem to target civilians indiscriminately and have created a humanitarian crisis that the world community is struggling to alleviate.
This is usually when an interlude is scheduled so neoconservatives can make yelping noises about Iran. But in this case, the culprits aren't Tehran and Bashar al Assad. The meddling nation is our good friend Saudi Arabia and the civil war in question is in Yemen.
There, the Saudis have waged a scorched-earth campaign against Houthi rebels, who seized the Yemeni capital of Sanaa last year and have pushed south towards the port city of Aden. Yemen is the poorest country in the Middle East, and riven along sectarian and geographic lines. Here, the lethal Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) lurks in the desert and American drones inspire fear from above. Now the Saudi intervention, backed by the Obama administration, has added a new dimension to Yemen's suffering.
The Saudis have been blockading Yemen since March to repel ships seeking to arm the Houthis. They've pledged $274 million in aid for the country they're bombing, but have demanded that Houthi-controlled areas be excluded and tossed up bureaucratic roadblocks that have made the effective distribution of supplies impossible.
The result is that Yemen has been isolated from the world and left to die. More than 80 percent of its population—21.1 million people—is in need of aid. Thirteen million are at risk from starvation and 9.4 million are imperiled by thirst. Water is in such scarcity that Yemenis have resorted to bathing with damp cloths and shaving their heads so they don't have to wash their hair. Malaria has become rampant thanks to desperate quaffs from unsanitary water sources.
The chief of Doctors Without Borders recently warned that the Saudi blockade has killed as many people as the war itself. The Saudis also stand accused of war crimes by Human Rights Watch over an airstrike against an evidently harmless apartment complex in the city of Mokha that killed sixty-five civilians, including ten children. An estimated 1,900 civilians have perished in just four months of fighting.
Throughout all this, there's one region of Yemen that's been left almost entirely unmolested by the Saudis: Hadramawt Governorate, in the eastern hinterlands. There, Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has set up shop with relatively little resistance, seizing the capital city of Al Mukalla and the local airport . It's used Hadramawt as a base of operations from which to plan attacks on the Houthis and, presumably, given AQAP's extensive terrorism résumé, the United States.
“The bombing has only achieved one thing,” one Yemeni told Vanessa Beeley , “and that is to further strengthen these extremist groups in Yemen.” Yet the Saudis seem remarkably untroubled by the flourishing Al Qaeda presence in their backyard—to the point that AQAP extremists have fought alongside Saudi-backed militants and the group's black flag has been spotted on pickup trucks motoring around Aden. It's eerily similar to Syria, where the Saudis have worked openly with the Al Qaeda–linked Nusra Front to challenge Assad.
As in Syria, Saudi Arabia's impetus in Yemen is to counter Iran, which it believes is providing the Houthis with weapons and training. Tehran's level of intimacy with the Shia Houthis remains murky, but what is known is that aversion to Iran has burrowed so deeply into the Saudi psyche as to border on paranoia. Internal documents released by Wikileaks reveal a Kingdom determined to squash even the most ethereal hint of Iranian expansion, even going so far as to block Persian carpets from being imported by mosques in Mecca and Medina. Scratch the surface and the geopolitical games quickly become sectarian. One Saudi proposal involved a program to stymie the spread of Shia Islam in China .
The Saudis view Yemen as the latest battleground in their Sunni-Shia cold war with Iran. And America is onboard, addled by nightmares of a revived Persian Empire. Why has the Saudi campaign in Yemen not elicited the same condemnation as Bashar al-Assad's killing of his people? One of the reasons is that Assad is tied to Iran and the Saudis are countering Iran. This bias, hardwired into American foreign policy, has led us to support a war that's chopping apart civilians and empowering Al Qaeda. Writing for this website, I'm obligated to note: this is not in our national interest.
None of this is to shrug at Iranian ambitions or to exonerate the Houthis, who overthrew Yemen's elected president. But there's a grand irony here that can't be ignored. The Houthis militarized in 2004 in part because they came to believe that Saudi Wahhabis, who had come south ten years earlier to fight in Yemen's previous civil war, were integrated too deeply into society while the impoverished Shia north was neglected. Today we're trying to beat them back—with more Saudi meddling that's inflicting more poverty.
This will accomplish nothing except the torment of Yemen and the enfeeblement of the Saudi monarchy. As Bruce Riedel reports, “No one wants to say openly that Riyadh is in a quagmire, but Oman's decision to opt out of the war is increasingly seen as a smart decision.” The Houthis are proving scrappier than the Saudis anticipated. So the pointless carnage in Yemen will drag on, but how much longer can America stomach it?
Matt Purple is the Deputy Editor for Rare Politics . Before, he was the assistant managing editor of the American Spectator . His work has appeared in National Review , The National Interest , The Washington Times , The Daily Caller and Townhall.com. He lives in Washington, D.C. Follow him on Twitter @MattPurple.
Image: Wikimedia Commons/ Ibrahem Qasim
Only a year ago, the talk at the Labour conference in Liverpool was about whether the party was facing a historic split. Jeremy Corbyn's critics wandered miserably around the main conference centre predicting total wipeout at the next election, while celebrations over his second decisive leadership victory were largely confined to the Momentum-backed World Transformed festival in a different part of the city.
There could not be a bigger difference with the jubilant atmosphere suffusing the Brighton conference centre this year, with a packed main hall, hundreds queuing to get into fringe events and even a sold-out business day.
Labour supporters are still flocking to World Transformed events across Brighton but Corbynite members are utterly dominant at the main conference as well, which has cut the slots given to senior politicians to allow more speaking time for the 13,000 ordinary members attending.
“It's like night and day,” said Ian Lavery, a Labour MP and party chairman, noting that it was the first time in years he had seen delegates with smiles on their faces. “Conference last year became very difficult and we've had discord within the party for two years. Before that conferences were hugely stage-managed and at the end of the Blair years people were of the view: ‘What's the use of coming to conference, I can't get up to speak. I haven't got any real role as a delegate.'”
As the media obsess over Brexit, they're missing Labour's revolution | Owen Jones Read more
Lavery attributed the difference in atmosphere partly to Corbyn's election result, putting the party within touching distance of power again, and partly to rule changes that mean members are more involved in debate.
“What's happened since then is that we've changed things,” he said. “We've had resistance from the shadow cabinet. There has been resistance from frontbenchers because they like to get up at conference. But we've been saying we need more people from the constituencies, the communities, to get up there and express their views. And we've had some great discussions. Elderly people, young people, people in between and goodness me, they are gems.”
Emily Thornberry, the shadow foreign secretary, agreed that the dark mood hanging over last year's conference had completely lifted. “You compare it to last year that was really quite tense. This is just different … I keep meeting new delegates. People are bouncing with ideas and it's how conference ought to be,” she said.
Corbyn's critics in the parliamentary party, who tried to oust him after the Brexit referendum, have kept largely quiet while he has been riding high in the polls since 8 June.
Some of the biggest and most senior thorns in the Labour leader's side last year – Sadiq Khan and Tom Watson – have spent the conference going out of their way to praise their leader from the conference platform. The mayor of London said Corbyn was entirely responsible for Labour's election gains, while Watson, the deputy leader, tried to lead the hall in a rendition of “oh, Jeremy Corbyn” and thanked him for showing the party what was possible.
Meanwhile, other MPs such as Jonathan Ashworth and Lisa Nandy have displayed their openness to Corbynism by appearing at World Transformed events, ending the segregation between the two conferences that existed in 2016.
“We've got to suck it up,” said one MP critical of Corbyn from the start. “It's difficult to say you are disappointed with the massively increased membership and more colleagues in parliament. But I wouldn't say I'm happy.”
A number of his colleagues said they had reached a state of acceptance and accommodation about both the left's entrenchment at the top of the party and the change in the nature of the membership.
“We are now just feeling very Monsieur Zen about it, as Jeremy would say,” said one senior Labour MP who returned to the backbenches under Corbyn.
Cat Smith: ‘Tory policies have led to a huge waste of potential' Read more
Not all feel the same, though, with some MPs worried there is too much self-congratulation and not enough realism about the party's electoral prospects next time, given the Tories will probably put up a better fight.
Others have persistent worries about the possibility of deselections before the next election, with Lucy Powell in Manchester, Thangam Debbonaire in Bristol, Hilary Benn in Leeds and Stella Creasy in London among those who fear they could be targeted.
Their concerns are fuelled by the ascendancy of Corbyn supporters on the national executive committee, which means changes to the rules could be tabled at the last minute before next year's conference. But senior Labour figures firmly deny that any such changes to the selection rules will be made.
There have been a few minor skirmishes in the open at conference, including Corbyn-supporting members shouting at Corbyn critics from Labour First that they should go to the Tory conference in Manchester next week instead.
On the final night of conference, one of the hottest tickets was a pub quiz hosted by former leader Ed Miliband in the basement of Komedia, an arts venue in the trendy Lanes area of Brighton. Hundreds of people queued for more than an hour around the block to get into the quiz but the crowd inside were young Momentum activists, with no teams of fellow MPs in sight to hear Miliband's four rounds of questions on current affairs and niche Labour history.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ed Miliband on stage during the pub quiz event presented by himself at Komedia club in Brighton. Photograph: Alecsandra Raluca Dragoi for the Guardian
“This has been a long ambition of mine,” Miliband said, arriving on stage. “Ever since that exit poll came out in 2015.”
Other rebel Labour MPs are principally concerned about the leadership's position on Brexit, and had hoped to use the conference as a forum for highlighting the membership's pro-EU position on the single market and free movement. But a well-organised campaign by allies of Corbyn kept that level of debate off the conference floor, to the frustration of MPs such as Chuka Umunna and Chris Leslie, who are pushing for a soft Brexit.
What is Labour's position on Brexit? It's time Corbyn told us | Richard Angell Read more
Keir Starmer, the shadow Brexit secretary, who is credited with brokering a fragile truce on the party's position over the summer, insisted debate on the EU was still happening at conference. “The position we arrived at over the summer has got really strong, near-universal support. But are people talking about Brexit and concerned about Brexit? You bet,” he said. “Most of the fringe meetings have been full to breaking point with hundreds of people not getting in. That tells you the enthusiasm for debate about Brexit and that is a good thing.”
Other senior figures allied to Corbyn are less convinced that Labour MPs trying to change the party's position over Brexit are doing so for the right reason. One senior source close to the leadership said they believed those who wanted to cause trouble for Corbyn were channelling their efforts into Brexit in the hope of destabilising the leadership.
But despite the divisions, Lavery said he believed the party had “largely overcome” the open warfare of the past two years. “There are different views and you've always had a left wing and a right wing and I cannot say it's different at this moment in times,” he said. “If MPs weren't bought into the Jeremy Corbyn project, they have got to be buoyed by this conference – the difference, the change, the atmosphere, the way people feel part of the party. And it's just the beginning, and we are going to hopefully grab them keys off Theresa May so that Jeremy is prime minister.”
Different sort of free Wi-Fi starts to thrive
In front of a crowd of city employees and press, San Francisco Mayor, Gavin Newsom addresses his new budget plan in the San Francisco Police Department Tactical Operations center located in Hunter's Point Shipyard on Monday, June 1, 2008, in San Francisco,Calif. less In front of a crowd of city employees and press, San Francisco Mayor, Gavin Newsom addresses his new budget plan in the San Francisco Police Department Tactical Operations center located in Hunter's Point ... more Photo: Mike Kepka, The Chronicle Photo: Mike Kepka, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Different sort of free Wi-Fi starts to thrive 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom said Wednesday that citywide wireless Internet access is slowly becoming a reality despite political infighting - and that 144,000 residents will be surfing the Web for free by the end of the year at no cost to the city.
Standing on the rooftop of a Mission District single-room-occupancy hotel, Newsom pointed to a "repeater antenna" - which looks like an oversized, white computer mouse - and said the devices someday will blanket the city with free blanketed Wi-Fi.
The devices are made by a South of Market company named Meraki, and hundreds now dot the rooftops and balconies of private residences, nonprofit hotels and public housing projects.
Meraki is donating the devices plus free Internet access point to any San Francisco resident who wants them. Neighbors within a block's radius of the device can tap into the Internet for free, too. Blanketing the city is expected to require 15,000 devices.
The company, founded two years ago, is using San Francisco as a testing ground to bolster its name and reputation so it can sell more devices elsewhere.
The mayor's office is working to ensure that SRO hotels and public housing projects are some of the first to receive the devices because residents there typically don't have Internet access. Five public housing projects now have the technology, and 13 more are expected to have it by the end of the year, Newsom said.
Newsom is calling the idea Wi-Fi 2.0 - a nod to his high-profile but unsuccessful first attempt to bridge the "digital divide" between San Franciscans who take Internet access for granted and low-income people who can't easily log on to e-mail, find job listings or surf news sites.
After years of negotiating, the city agreed last year to a deal in which EarthLink would pay San Francisco $2 million for the right to build, install and run a free mesh Wi-Fi network and to team up with Google to provide Internet service.
The deal needed approval from the Board of Supervisors, but many members expressed concern for a variety of reasons.
Some worried about users' privacy, others about whether the connection would be fast enough to make it worthwhile, and still others about whether the plan amounted to a monopoly giveaway of a public resource.
EarthLink backed out of the deal in August. On Wednesday, some supervisors said the mayor finally has come around to their thinking about Wi-Fi.
"I'm glad the mayor finally sees it my way," Supervisor Jake McGoldrick said. "You don't need to hand over city assets. I never thought the city needed to give away a public asset and create a monopoly. ... It took him three years to finally see the light of day. I'm very pleased, very pleased."
Board President Aaron Peskin said he always thought there was a "more democratic solution" and pointed out that cities around the country are having problems with their Wi-Fi partnerships with EarthLink.
"We made the right decision," he said.
Newsom remains aggravated the EarthLink deal fell apart and still blames the supervisors.
"They made it crystal clear they did not want it to succeed - for no, I would argue, good reason," he said Wednesday. "This has been a very frustrating process to make real the commitments we made years ago. ...We just didn't give up. We never take no for an answer."
Meraki plans to blanket the city for less than $5 million. It will deliver download speeds of 1 megabit per second, three times faster than the free access proposed in the original plan.
"We're excited to be changing the way people get online," said Sanjit Biswas, CEO and co-founder of the company.
It's Valentine's Day, which means the entire Internet is abuzz with songs about love -- or, if people are feeling particularly sad, songs about hate. But what about those who prefer to spread their affection to other things, like inanimate objects? Well, there are plenty of those songs, too. If you'd prefer to highlight your adoration for the non-living, we've got you covered today. Remember: It's only a crime if you get caught.
Probably the most recognized and classic love song about an inanimate object, this song sets the precedent from a very early age that you don't need other people to have fun.
Continue Reading
It's kind of creepy how many similarities between "Vibe On" and "Rubber Ducky" there are. Who needs a rubber ducky, though, when you have a vibrator? Just remember to change up from fast to slow, so you can get the frequency you like.
There were hundreds of thousands of love songs about cars to choose from here, but we decided to go with this Belle & Sebastian ditty, because it's so goddamn adorable, it's impossible not to love.
Not only is this one of our favorite Roxy Music songs, it's also a song primarily about a man's love of an inflatable doll. And it features one of the greatest lyrics in rock history: "I blew up your body/but you blew my mind."
Uh, it's a love song about weed. Do we really need to say any more? It's not the only one on the list, either.
Alice Cooper doesn't give a shit if you're alive or dead, but he'll love you a hell of a lot more if you're dead, which is about as inanimate as you can get. How the hell did he even get away with releasing this song?
Clearly, this song is an ode to a, uh, speeding motorcycle. We're just glad Daniel Johnston has something that'll always be by his side.
There is probably nobody else on the planet that could pull off a song about loving a shirt, shoes and jeans, but Donovan does so with such conviction that it's impossible not to worry about your favorite shirt, hanging all by itself in the closet.
It's certainly not the only song around that's an ode to a guitar, but it's one of our favorites because it also happens to be one of the strangest.
Look, we all love our laptops, but who would have thought a love song about one would have the tenderness of a traditional song? Kudos to Coulton for nearly hiding the true meaning of the song here.
There is no other song that expresses its love of a particular brand of sneakers as much as Run DMC's "My Adidas." If you're lonely and bored on Valentine's Day, remember this: You'll have a pair you can wear when you're playing ball, with a heel inside that'll make you ten feet tall.
If you're hanging out all by yourself this holiday with just your underwear and your hunting knife, then this song is for you. You can start a new life together and talk to all of your friends about your new love interest.
We're in Colorado, so we have to have at least two songs about weed on this list. While there were plenty to choose from, this Beatles tune seems to fit the mold better than any other, especially because it's probably used as a regular old love song more often than not.
There are a lot of songs about the sun, but there are no other tracks in the history of music that show their adoration of the sun in such a convincing way. We'd have to agree: The sun is pretty damn awesome.
A sketch of the robbery suspect. KTLA This past Saturday, a 15-year-old girl was killed when she tried to stop someone from stealing her iPhone, according to the LA Times.
The girl, who was identified by police as Rubi Rubio, was walking with her younger sister near the 1000 block of West Warner Avenue in Santa Ana on Thursday, July 3, when a man approached her and stole her phone. He had asked Rubio for the time, and when she pulled out her phone to check, he grabbed it.
According to Cpl. Anthony Bertagna, a spokesman for the Santa Ana Police Department, the thief immediately ran to a nearby Pontiac to escape, but as he began to drive away, Rubio jumped onto the trunk and held on. Witnesses reported that the driver swerved back and forth to get Rubio off of the car, leading to her ultimately falling off. Rubio died from her injuries on Saturday.
According to Bertagna, Rubio was a sophomore in high school and had gotten the iPhone as a reward for getting good grades.
The iPhone has since been recovered by the police, but they are still looking for the thief. The man is reportedly a Latino in his late 20s or early 30s, has a medium build, and is about 5'8" to 5'10". Anyone with information can call the Homicide Unit at 714-245-8390 or OC Crime Stoppers 855-TIP-OCCS.
You can watch this video from KTLA for more information:
Speaking at the inauguration ceremony, Managing Director of TAVANIR Company, Homayoun Haeri said upon the proposal of Zarand Majlis deputy and approval of the Ministry of Energy, for the first time in country Zarand was chosen as the pilot city for using clean energy.
Therefore, he added, the biggest solar power plant has become operational in this city.
Meanwhile, Zarand Majlis Deputy Hossein Amiri said the plan was implemented with the 80-kw solar power plant at the entrance of the city, installation of 170 lighting, 340 LED lights, 4000 meters of cable network, and four air transformers.
Saying that Zarand is moving towards industrialization, Amiri underlined the need for the expansion of such plants and appreciated the attention that Ministry of Energy has paid to the project.
He also inspected the plan for implementation of wastewater treatment of Zarand power plant which has so far made progress of 90% and is under implementation with a fund of 22 billion rials,
NS**1377
The United States Secret Service—the agency that protects the president, foreign dignitaries, and various government officials, among other critical duties—has assumed an expanded new power that has Washington journalists up in arms.
The law enforcement agency—whose once-pristine reputation has been tarnished in recent years by scandal, congressional investigations and, more to the point, aggressive investigative reporting—is for the first time ever running background checks on thousands of journalists who want to attend this summer's Republican and Democratic Party nominating conventions.
Journalists who don't pass muster—in what several complain is an inscrutable security screening process for which there are no plainly established criteria, and from which there is no appeal—will be denied credentials to cover the GOP's July 18-21 conclave in Cleveland, at which reality show billionaire Donald Trump is expected to be nominated, and the Democrats' July 25-28 meeting in Philadelphia, at which former New York senator and secretary of state Hillary Clinton will likely be named the standard-bearer.
“I personally think it's the government deciding who can and can't be a journalist, and I don't think the First Amendment allows that,” said Newark Star-Ledger Washington correspondent Jonathan D. Salant, a member and former chairman of the Standing Committee of Correspondents, the organization which represents the interests of the four media galleries on Capitol Hill (daily press, periodical press, photographers and broadcasters) and has run the credentialing process for political conventions—without Secret Service interference—since 1912.
The Secret Service—which referred The Daily Beast to its FAQ page and an April story in Politico—argues that Salant's objection reflects a misunderstanding of the agency's role, which isn't to determine who is or isn't a journalist, but simply to vet individuals whose names have been submitted by journalistic outlets in accordance with ground rules set by convention organizers and the media galleries.
In addition, the Secret Service says it isn't singling out journalists for special scrutiny—never mind that these background checks apparently won't be conducted on thousands of delegates and guests; members of convention host committees, vendors, volunteers and others must also be vetted for credentials to attend what the agency has designated a “National Special Security Event,” especially if they want to operate in what the agency identifies as “secure areas” of the convention halls, such as the podium and backstage holding rooms.
Directors of the various congressional media galleries—whose professional staffers are nonpartisan and paid by the Speaker of the House or the Senate Rules Committee, depending on which side of the Capitol they service—have met twice with Secret Service officials, who were initially resistant to the idea of meeting face-to-face to explain the intricacies of the new policy, according to a well-placed congressional source, and have informed gallery staffers that a requested third meeting will not take place.
“Their attitude was, ‘We have our marching orders, and this is the way it's going to be,'” said the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
When the media galleries first reached out to the Secret Service, “the agency didn't care who they were,” asking disrespectfully of the gallery staff, “Who the hell are you?”
The source added, “They [the Secret Service] were complete blockheads about it.”
The Secret Service eventually agreed to sit down with the gallery directors in February, and in the second session at the Capitol brought along a top official of the Ardian Group—the Pennsylvania-based private contractor to whom the government agency is outsourcing the job of vetting an estimated 15,000 journalists who have applied for credentials to report in the convention halls and work out of media filing centers in Cleveland and Philadelphia.
In that meeting, Ardian executive Heidi Talalay expressed confidence in the company's ability to handle the labor-intensive assignment, and pointed out that a previous Ardian job—vetting journalists for credentials to cover Pope Francis's September 2015 visit to the United States—went smoothly, an assertion that contradicted numerous complaints at the time about a process that struck many journalists as confusing and frustrating.
“I don't think they know what they're in for,” said a participant in the meeting, who was skeptical of Talalay's rosy predictions about performing background checks for the conventions, contrary to the Secret Service's impression that people at the meeting breathed sighs of relief after hearing an explanation of Ardian's process.
Talalay didn't respond to a voice mail message left by The Daily Beast.
In a widely distributed “Dear Colleagues” letter, John Stanton, Washington bureau chief of BuzzFeed, wrote that the Secret Service's new “process raises some troubling questions. What would disqualify a reporter from covering a convention? The lack of transparency leaves open the possibility of abuse. Over the last two years, for instance, several of our colleagues have been arrested while covering protests—would those arrests disqualify them? Could something like political activity in college disqualify a reporter? Without explanation or recourse, how would a reporter or an outlet even know what had prevented their credentialing?”
Stanton added: “More broadly, there are significant questions about the Secret Service being involved in this process at all, especially this year. There has already been at least one documented instance of a physical altercation between a Secret Service agent and a fellow journalist”—a reference to a February incident at a Trump rally in which an agent tackled and choked Time magazine photographer Chris Morris after the latter cursed and kicked at him.
“Additionally, multiple reporters from many of your own outlets have informed me that agents have begun enforcing press ‘pen' rules at campaign stops and limiting the free movement of journalists, at the behest of Donald Trump's campaign.
“Given that dynamic, why should the Secret Service have jurisdiction over the 1st Amendment for the Republican and Democratic conventions?”
Salant, for his part, told The Daily Beast that three months of constructive engagement and quiet diplomacy with the agency have yielded zero accommodations from the Secret Service, which is premising its unprecedented credentialing authority on a 2013 Obama administration national security directive—Presidential Policy Directive 22—whose language is classified and thus not publicly available.
Needless to say, it is extremely unusual, at least in the American context, for a government agency to formulate a policy regarding the news media, based on the possibly tendentious interpretation of a secret directive that, because the content and purpose of the directive are a mystery, is not open for discussion. An official listing of President Obama's directives mentions the existence of PPD 22 but otherwise offers no explanation, leaving the line blank. (An anonymous law enforcement official told Politico that the directive gives the Secret Service to power of enforcing “access control.”)
This is yet another irony for a president who regularly touts his administration's alleged “transparency” and, as recently as his remarks during last Saturday's White House Correspondents' Dinner, frequently lauds the role of the Fourth Estate in demanding government accountability.
Salant said he hopes that in a meeting of the Standing Committee scheduled for next Tuesday, he and his fellow committee members vote to go public with objections that they have already expressed privately in a Jan. 29 letter to Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy.
“We believe this effort is an unprecedented, discriminatory move that, in the name of security, unfairly singles out members of the media who are simply exercising their First Amendment right to cover a nationally significant news event,” reads the letter, a copy of which was obtained by The Daily Beast.
“As we understand it, this intrusive vetting process will not be imposed on delegates, alternates and invited guests to the conventions—all of whom will be accessing the same areas in the convention hall as the news media,” the letter continues. “We find it perplexing that subjecting only the news media to a higher level of scrutiny would ensure a secure convention, while thousands of other attendees go unchecked and unverified.”
The letter adds: “We wish to point out that the additional level of scrutiny will prevent news organizations from adding reporters at the last minute to respond to breaking news, such as the selection of a vice presidential running mate since those reporters may not have yet been assigned to cover that story and therefore not undergone the required background check.
“We see the press's role in covering the national political parties as an integral part of democracy that was founded on the idea of freedom of the press.
“Our long-established press credentialing system through the Standing Committee, which is empowered by Congress, has functioned extraordinarily well for over a century. We truly believe it imprudent to change it now, especially at this late date in the convention cycle.”
The White House Correspondents Association—which has no responsibility for convention credentialing—raised the issue in a meeting between association's board members and the Secret Service, but so far has not taken a public position on the issue.
Standing Committee Chairman Matthew Daly, a congressional correspondent for the Associated Press, said that journalists in the end will have no choice but to follow the Secret Service's procedures, and isn't sure that public hostilities with the agency will improve the situation.
“They already know we're unhappy,” Daly said. “What's that old country saying about being kicked in the head by the mule the third time?”
Daly pointed out that the Standing Committee has already lost a different battle—that is, for the Republicans to rescind a $150 charge to news organizations for each seat on the press stand in the convention hall—an “access fee to cover the news,” as Daly calls it, that the Democrats are not imposing, at least not this time around.
Meanwhile, Daly said there seemed to be little support for an idea advanced by Ryan Grim, Washington bureau chief of the Huffington Post, for news organizations to protest the Secret Service's credential vetting process simply by boycotting it.
“I floated the idea that we just collectively tell them we're not going to participate in their background checks, maybe by not providing Social Security numbers,” Grim told The Daily Beast, adding that if the 20 top news outlets threw down the gauntlet, it would definitely get attention from the powers that be. “If we didn't participate, it would be leaving them with the choice of not credentialing us. It would be a game of chicken at that point.”
While conceding that his idea is probably quixotic, Grim said a direct appeal to the Secretary of Homeland Security, who oversees the Secret Service, might be more effective—especially if the pitch is made by a journalist over drinks at one of the frequent Washington gatherings that the extremely sociable Cabinet secretary enjoys attending.
“I think the ace in the hole here is Jeh Johnson,” Grim said, apparently tongue in cheek. “He hasn't skipped a dinner party since he became secretary, and he doesn't want to be on Dana Bash's bad side.”
Sentinelese is a name provisionally given to the linguistically undescribed language of the Sentinelese of North Sentinel Island in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, India. Due to the lack of contact between the Sentinelese people and the rest of the world, little is known of their language, its vitality, etc.[4] The Sentinelese people do not allow outsiders onto the island and are generally hostile towards visitors.[5] Friendly interactions have been rare.[6]
Classification [ edit ]
It is presumed that the islanders speak a single language and that it is a member of one of the Andamanese language families.[4] Based on what little is known about similarities in culture and technology and their geographical proximity, it is supposed that their language is related to the Ongan languages, such as Jarawa, rather than to Great Andamanese.[7] On the documented occasions when Onge-speaking individuals were taken to North Sentinel Island in order to attempt communication, they were unable to recognise any of the language spoken by the inhabitants.[8] It has been recorded that the Jarawa and Sentinelese languages are mutually unintelligible.[9]
Status [ edit ]
Sentinelese is classified as endangered due to the small number of speakers, matching the unknown population of the island, which has been estimated at anywhere from 100 to 250;[1][2] a rough estimate by the Government of India is 100.[10]
The Trump administration on Friday said it will suspend premium processing for H-1B visa petitions for high-skilled workers.
U.S. Citizenship and Naturalization Services (USCIS) said the suspension — which affects an option cutting the visa petition process from several months to two weeks — will take effect April 3 and last up to six months.
ADVERTISEMENT
H-1B visas, often referred to as high-skilled visas, let U.S. companies temporarily employ foreign workers in specialty occupations. Companies had been allowed to petition for premium processing by paying a $1,225 fee.
Under premium processing, USCIS typically responded within 15 days. Under norma procedures, H-1B petitions take between three and six months to get a judgement, according to The Verge.
H-1B visas are particularly used by the tech industry, and Silicon Valley companies will likely be hit by the change.
USCIS said the suspension will help them work through a large backlog of non-premium petitions.
Confusion about the disease and how it spread, along with controversy about how it should be treated, escalated through the mid-1980s.
"That was the critical time,'' Fauci said. "He was a central figure in those early years in the early to mid-1980s.''
Weicker remembers exactly what happened in Washington, D.C., at the time. The Republicans held the majority in the Senate, and Weicker,as chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee's subcommittee, oversaw $100 billion in federal spending, including $4.3 billion for the NIH.
He had spoken to Fauci, a doctor who was beginning to emerge on the national scene as an AIDS researcher. It was the first time that Weicker had heard about AZT.
"They told me this on the morning that I was going to go down to the floor of the Senate to present the entire health budget for the country,'' Weicker recalled. "I said, 'Tony, is it true that AZT holds promise? He said yes – and $46 million was the price tag. I said, 'Let me do my best.' "
"So I went down to the floor,'' Weicker said. He then contacted Sen. William Proxmire of Wisconsin, who was the ranking Democrat on Weicker's subcommittee. "I told Proxmire that I'd like to put in a floor amendment for $46 million for trials for AZT. I told Proxmire, if we put this up for general debate, Jesse Helms is going to get down here and filibuster it and nothing will happen. Proxmire said, 'We'd be glad to go ahead.' It was part of the bill, and the clinical trials were conducted.''
With Proxmire's help, Weicker outmaneuvered Helms. Helms and other major players at the time have since died. Reagan died in 2004, and Proxmire died in 2005.
Without the funding, the clinical trials would have been delayed or possibly not conducted at all, Weicker and Fauci said.
"AZT has not proved to be the cure, but it was part of any cocktail given to AIDS patients,'' said Weicker, who turns 84 on May 16. "We still don't have a cure for AIDS.''
Before the drugs made major strides in containing the virus, the death rate from AIDS surprised many officials. Weicker recalled attending a fundraiser at a gay men's club in San Francisco in the 1980s.
"I went out there, and I spoke,'' Weicker recalled. "A year after I spoke, the club was no more. Everyone was dead."
If you see a horde of shuffling, moaning figures staggering through downtown Wilkes-Barre on Saturday, don't worry - it's not the zombie apocalypse.
It's the second annual Zombie Pub Crawl, which kicks off at 7 p.m. at Bart and Urby's on Main Street. Proceeds benefit the Luzerne County SPCA and Luzerne County Pit Bull Owners Avail-a-Bullies pit bull adoption program.
The pub crawl, organized by Bart and Urby's bar manager Carl Achhammer, winds through downtown with planned stops at Senunas' and Rodano's. Each stop features beer and drink specials.
An after party will take place at Bart and Urby's, featuring a two-hour happy hour and a zombie costume contest.
Achhammer, inspired by his love for television show "The Walking Dead," said he wanted to host his own zombie event in downtown Wilkes-Barre. While last year's pub crawl attracted a few zombified patrons, he's hoping more attendees get into the spirit with costumes this year.
"The costume can be really easy to make, or pretty complex," he said. He relies on friend and makeup guru Crissy Kithcart to perfect his zombie getup.
He chose the beneficiaries because he's familiar with their work personally and through some of his customers. His goal is to bring people together to celebrate the Halloween season while supporting a good cause.
"These are two great causes, and I love dogs," he said. "My brother actually has a blind pit bull from a rescue."
In addition to the costume contest, the event features raffles and giveaways, including the chance to win a Magic Hat guitar from the event's beer sponsor, L.T. Verrastro.
QUICK INFO
What: Zombie Pub Crawl
When: Saturday, 7 p.m.; after-party 9:30 p.m.
Where: Downtown Wilkes-Barre. Crawl begins and ends at Bart and Urby's, 119 S. Main St. Stops include Senunas', 133 N. Main St. (7:30), and Rodano's, 53 Public Square (8:30).
Details: Admission $5. Proceeds benefit Luzerne County SPCA and Avail-a-Bullies adoption program. Call 709-1678 or visit carlsbeertours.com, facebook.com/carlsbeertours, or bartandurby.com.
So you want to look like a zombie ...
Transforming into a credible zombie takes some decomposition - here are a few tricks for that straight-out-of-the-grave look:
- Use pale, yellowish-green, or bluish makeup to create a dead skin tone and dark shadows under the eyes to create a gaunt, hollow-eyed stare.
- Choose clothes that reflect your undead status - did you rise from the grave or were you bitten while alive and turned? Dress accordingly and use old clothes that you won't mind tearing and getting dirty.
- The dirtier, the better - the committed zombie might want to skip showering or shampooing for an authentic greasy, dirty look (Warning: not recommended unless you really want people to run away from you).
- Practice your zombie walk. Try copying the walkers from AMC's "The Walking Dead" (pictured above), or check out clips from TV shows and movies for the right moves.
BLITZER: All right. I just want to read one quote from the book because it's a powerful quote. And get your explanation. "So why did we invade Iraq? I believe it was the triumph of the so-called neoconservative ideology, as well as Bush administration arrogance and incompetence that took America into this war of choice. They obviously made a convincing case to a president with very limited national security and foreign policy experience, who keenly felt the burden of leading the nation in the wake of the deadliest terror attack ever on American soil." But the words "arrogance" and "incompetence" jumped out at me. Do you want to elaborate what you meant by writing those words?
HAGEL: Sure. I did write those words and I meant it and I still mean it, and I think it was arrogance and incompetence that put this country in such a hole around the world. Arrogance meaning they wouldn't listen to anyone. They didn't listen to our allies. Every major leader in the Middle East that I talked to, and I certainly know the President and others talked to before we invaded Iraq, warned the President, warned the Vice President, warned Secretary Powell not to do this. Even a number of senior Israeli officials warned them not to do it. Members of Congress asked questions, I was among one those, who said wait a minute, slow down, let the IAEA, the International Atomic Energy Agency officials finish their job. Slow this train down. They wouldn't listen to anybody. It was just raw arrogance. Incompetence? I think it was incompetence, they wouldn't look at history, that part of the world. The complications the combustability, they didn't factor in the context of consequences for their actions to get us into a war. I quote Eisenhower in the book, he said this in the 1950s, that America should never put American troops in the Middle East. Don't get bogged down in that kind of war. Other great leaders have said the same thing. and there was both, in my opinion, arrogance and incompetence that led us into this.
Put Your Dupes Up: Barry M Copper vs. OPI Warm & Fozzie
It's time for another edition of Dupes Up! Today's contenders:
Barry M Copper
Retail Cost: £2.99 (approximately $4.75)
vs.
OPI: Warm & Fozzie
Retail Cost: $8.50
Another of the new Barry M collection and yet another discontinued OPI! Coincidence? Well...OK probably...maybe...it's likely! I couldn't help but notice how similar Barry M Copper was to my already acquired Warm & Fozzie when I got it in the mail recently. It looks a BIT more sparkly and seems to have a more overall copper tone in the bottle, but as I learned with the previous Barry M vs. OPI dupe...it's mostly down to the bottle shape. Here's a close up of the two:
You should be able to see more what I'm talking about here. the OPI has an overall more deep goldish green look in the bottle while the Barry M has more of an overall copper tone. BUT, see that coppery streak down the middle of the OPI bottle? You'll also notice the green-gold halo around the edge of the Barry M bottle. It's the same tones just displayed in different ways. Simply the way the light reflects off the bottle. On the nails? Different story:
See? If you can tell the difference between these than kudos to you. This is taken in natural light. The shift on the nails is the same. They're both sort of warm mahogany jelly, jam packed with tiny flakes of green, copper, and gold. The Barry M is on the index and ring finger, while the OPI is on the middle and pinky. There is literally no difference in the formula on these either. I didn't notice any additional wear on one versus the other and both require a minimum of three coats for full opacity. Here's another comparison for good measure:
This is the same lighting but a different angle. In the other picture the OPI looked a hair darker but here you can see they're the same. I will say the Barry M had a slightly better finish. It seemed more sparkly when it dried and more shiny. A quick top coat of Seche Vite evened them out but it seems strange that the OPI finish would be sub-par. Personally, even though Barry M is a drugstore brand, I prefer it to a lot of salon brands because I think it has a great formula! These new colors are really making me love them even more!!
Verdict: Dupes. These are definitely the same in my book. Same color, same formula, slightly different on the finish but with a topcoat they are indistinguishable.
It is easy to dismiss bash — the typical Linux shell program — as just a command prompt that allows scripting. Bash, however, is a full-blown programming language. I wouldn't presume to tell you that it is as fast as a compiled C program, but that's not why it exists. While a lot of people use shell scripts as an analog to a batch file in MSDOS, it can do so much more than that. Contrary to what you might think after a casual glance, it is entirely possible to write scripts that are reliable and robust enough to use in many embedded systems on a Raspberry Pi or similar computer.
I say that because sometimes bash gets a bad reputation. For one thing, it emphasizes ease-of-use. So while it has features that can promote making a robust script, you have to know to turn those features on. Another issue is that a lot of the functionality you'll use in writing a bash script doesn't come from bash, it comes from Linux commands (or whatever environment you are using; I'm going to assume some Linux distribution). If those programs do bad things, that isn't a problem specific to bash.
One other limiting issue to bash is that many people (and I'm one of them) tend to write scripts using constructs that are compatible with older shells. Often times bash can do things better or neater, but we still use the older ways. For example:
if [ $X -gt 0 ] then .... fi
This works in bash and a lot of other similar shells. However, bash can do better, for example, working on strings instead of integers:
if [[ $X > 0 ]] then ... fi
Features
Don't think bash is a programming language? It has arrays, loops, sockets, regular expression matching, file I/O, and lots more. However, there are a few things you should know when writing scripts that you expect to work well. You might add your own items to this list, but this one is what comes to my mind:
Use “set -o errexit” to cause the script to exit if any line fails
Use “set -o nounset” to cause an error if you use an empty environment variable
If you don't expect a variable to change, declare it readonly
Expect variables could have spaces and quote accordingly
Use traps to clean up your mess
Exit on Error
If you use “set -o errexit” then any line that returns a non-zero error code will stop script execution. You might object that you want to test for that condition like this:
some_command if [[ $? != 0 ]] then recover fi
If you use the errexit flag, that test will never occur because once some_command throws the error, you are done. Simply rewrite like this:
some_command || recover
The effect is if some_command returns true (that is, zero), then bash knows the OR operator is satisfied so it doesn't run any more commands. If it fails, then bash can't tell if the OR is satisfied or not, so it runs recover. The exit code of the entire thing is either 0 from some_command or the exit code of recover, whatever that is.
Sometimes you have a command that could return an error and you don't care. That's easy to fix:
some_other_command || true
By the way, usually, the last item in a pipeline determines the result. For example:
a | b | c
The exit code of that line is whatever c returns. However, you can “set -o pipefail” to cause any error code in the pipe to halt the script. Even better is the $PIPESTATUS variable which is an array with all the exit codes from the last pipeline. So whatever program b returned will be in ${PIPESTATUS[1]}, in the above example.
Unset Variables
Using “set -o nonunset” forces you to initialize all variables. For example, here's a really bad script (don't run it):
TOPDIR=tmp #rm -rf /${TOPDIRR}
You can argue this isn't great code, but regardless, because TOPDIR has a typo in the last line, you'll erase your root directory if this runs without the protective comment in front of the rm. This works for command line parameters, too, so it will protect you if you had:
bad_cmd /$1
Readonly
Many times you set a variable and you really need a constant. It shouldn't change as the script executes and if it does that indicates a bug. You can declare those readonly:
readonly BASEDIR="~/testdir" readonly TIMEOUT_S=10
Expect Spaces
File systems allow spaces and people love to use them. This can lead to unfortunate things like:
rm $2
When $2 is something like “readme.txt” that's fine. However, if $2 is “The quick red fox” you wind up trying to erase four files named “The,” “quick,” “red,” and “fox.” If you are lucky, none of those files exist and you get errors. If you are unlucky, you just erased the wrong file.
The simple answer is to quote everything.
rm "$2"
If you ever use $@ to get all arguments, you should quote it to prevent problems. Consider this script:
#!/bin/bash function p1 { echo $1 } p1 $@ p1 "$@"
Try running the script with a quoted argument like “the quick red fox”. The first function call will get four arguments and the second call will get only one, which is almost surely what you intended.
Traps
It isn't uncommon for scripts to create temporary lock files and other things that need cleaning up if the script stops. That's what the trap command is for. Suppose you are working on building a file called /tmp/output.data and you want to remove it if you don't get a chance to complete. Easy:
trap "rm -f /tmp/output; exit" INT TERM EXIT
You can look up the trap command for more details, but this is a great way to make things happen when a script ends for any reason. The exit command in quotes, by the way, is necessary or else the script will attempt to keep running. Of course, in an embedded system, you might want that behavior, too.
You probably want to remove the trap before you are done unless you really want output.data deleted, so:
trap - INT TERM EXIT
Wrap Up
You should consider turning off features you don't need, especially if taking input from outside your script. For example, using “set -o noglob” will prevent bash from expanding wildcards. Of course, if you need wildcards, you can't do this — at least not for the part of the script that uses them. You can also use “shopt -s failglob” which will cause wildcards to throw an error, if you want to secure your script.
Speaking of security, be very careful running user input as commands. Security is an entirely different topic, but even something that seems innocent can be maniuplated to do bad things if you are not careful. For example, suppose you secure sudo to allow a few commands and you offer the script:
sudo -u protuser "$@"
If sudo is set up right, what's the harm? Well… the harm is that I can pass the argument “-u root reboot” (for example) and sudo will decide I'm root instead of protuser. Be careful!
There are a lot of tricks to writing bash scripts that are portable. I don't care about those in this context because if I'm deploying an embedded system on a Raspberry Pi, I will control the configuration so that I know where /tmp is and where bash is located and what version of different programs are available. However, if you are distributing scripts to machines you don't control, you might consider searching the internet about bash script portability.
If you want to catch a lot of potential errors in scripts (including some portability issues) you can try ShellCheck. You might also appreciate Google's shell style guide. If you aren't sure bash is really a programming language, this should convince you.
Intel has won a battle in its eight-year fight with the European Union (EU) over a $1.26 billion fine levied against the company.
The EU's enforcement arm, the European Commission, proposed the fine in regard to a number of antitrust disputes involving Intel's alleged market dominance in Europe.
The EU General Court is now slated to examine Intel's arguments that it did not violate antitrust laws, raising the possibility for the chipmaker to avoid paying the $1.26 billion in full.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The Commission takes note of today's ruling by the European Court of Justice (Case C-413/14 P) and will study the judgment carefully,” a spokesperson for the European Commission said in an emailed statement.
The fine, when it was originally ordered in 2009, was the largest antitrust penalty ever levied by the commission. It was superseded by the $2.7 billion antitrust fine the European regulatory body imposed on Google in June.
The search giant is currently cooperating with the Commission to reduce its anticompetitive practices.
A decision on Intel's attempt to appeal could have implications on other cases as American technology companies battle the EU over various penalties.
Experts say that the decision this week to review the fine could give tech companies hope their own penalties could see the same fate and that they could ultimately be awarded appeals.
Google is currently awaiting decisions from the commission in regard to two more competition cases over its Android operating system and Adsense advertising tools.
The commission is also investigating whether or not Qualcomm unfairly paid Apple to use its chips for the Cupertino, Calif.-based company's iPhones.
Indian scientists may have just found a cure for Hepatitis C. According to reports, approximately 15 to 20% cases of chronic liver disease in India are caused by the Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) infection.
A new vaccine, developed by Professor Saumitra Das from IISc and his team, has shown promising results during pre-clinical trials.
HCV spreads by direct contact with the blood of an infected person. Initially, people have mild or no symptoms. But it develops over the years and and can cause severe liver complications, sometimes leading to cancer. The HCV genotype 3a is the predominant strain found in the Indian subcontinent. And the vaccine has been developed to fight this strain.
The team was funded by research grants from the Indo-Australian Biotechnology Fund, Department of Biotechnology, Government of India.
Several pre-clinical trials to develop vaccines for this disease are under way in many countries.
Representative photo source: vaccineresistancemovement.org
According to the findings, the vaccine was able to produce antibodies that can neutralise the virus in the host, in this case mice. It also generated good cellular immune responses in the host.
The next stage of research will involve testing in higher animals before it reaches clinical trials.
The discovery will come as a huge relief to the nearly 12 million patients in the country suffering from chronic Hepatitis C.
Like this story? Or have something to share? Write to us: contact@thebetterindia.com, or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter (@thebetterindia).
NBC has issued an apology for spoiling the results of teen swimmer Missy Franklin's gold medal-winning race.
In the latest controversy during the network's highly rated Summer Olympics coverage, NBC ran a Today show promo on Monday night that revealed the outcome of the heavily anticipated 100-meter backstroke before the event was actually telecast. Now NBC's sports division, which has been pretty adamant about the merits of its tape-delay strategy as public criticism mounts, has issued a statement admitting the network screwed up.
“Clearly that promo should not have aired at that time,” said an NBC Sports spokesperson in a statement. “We have a process in place and this will not happen again. We apologize to viewers who were watching and didn't know the result of the race.”
NBC's Today show ad announced last night, “When you're 17 years old and win your first gold medal, there's nobody you'd rather share it with,” and showed footage of Franklin holding the gold medal and with her parents.
NBC attempts to herd viewers to primetime with tape-delayed coverage from London while covering a competition of global interest has sparked plenty of online outrage since the Games got underway on Friday (one critic dubbed the 2012 games “the last great buggy-whip Olympics”). Yet ratings continue to be strong, with 31.6 million viewers watching Monday's primetime coverage, the biggest audience for a non-U.S. Summer Games in 36 years.
Meanwhile one vocal critic of NBC whose Twitter account was suspended after he tweeted a network executive's email address has been given his account back. “Oh. My Twitter account seems to have been un-suspended,” tweeted Independent journalist Guy Adams. “Did I miss much while I was away.”
In the enterprise environment, there are certain tools that are a necessity for administrators. One such tool is the network monitor. In the close-source, proprietary world you will find plenty of tools to handle this task: Packettrap, GFI Max, Spiceworks. In the open source world - not so much. But there is one particular tool that does monitor networks and does an outstanding job of it. That tool? Nagios.
Nagios calls itself the "Industry standard in IT infrastructure monitoring." It's a bold statement, but anyone that has used Nagios, and used it correctly, they will happily agree with that statement. Why? Nagios is powerful, flexible, does exactly what you tell it, and will always work when others fail. Does that mean Nagios is perfect? Not necessarily. It does have a few caveats that will cause some network administrators to shy away from. But pound for pound, dollar for dollar, Nagios can't be beat.
In this article I am going to show you how to install Nagios and configure hosts and hostsgroups for easy monitoring.
Features
Before we get into the thick of things, let's take a peek at some of the features Nagios has to offer:
Monitor network services (SMTP, POP3, HTTP, NNTP, Ping, and more)
Monitor host resources
Simple plugin design
Parallelized service checks
Network host hierarchy
Alerts
Custom event handlers
Automated log file rotation
Redundant monitoring hosts
Easy to read web-based interface
And much more.
Installation
To illustrate how simple Nagios is to install, I am going to demonstrate using Ubuntu (10.4 to be precise). You will need to have the Apache web browser installed in order to use Nagios. If you do not already have it installed, the installation of Nagios will pick this requisite up. With the help of the Synaptic package manager, you can have Nagios installed in about a minute, if you follow these steps:
Open up Synaptic. Search for "nagios" (no quotes). Mark nagios, nagios-plugins, and nagios-plugins-extra for installation (which will catch all dependencies necessary). Click Apply to install. During the installation you will be asked for an administrative password. You will use this to log in with user nagiosadmin
That's it! Once this is done you are ready to take a look at a very bare-bones Nagios installation. To do this open up your browser and point it to http://ADDRESS_TO_SERVER/nagios3. When you hit that page you will see a welcome screen (see Figure 1) and a left navigation that will include all of the links you need to monitor your network. Problem is, by default, Nagios will only see two hosts: localhost host and default gateway. What good is that on a large network? It's not. You need to add some hosts before Nagios is really useful.
Initial Configuration
There isn't too much system configuration that needs to be done with Nagios. If you open up the /etc/nagios3/conf.d/contacts_nagios2.cfg file you will see you can set up an administrator for which alerts are sent. The line you want to edit is:
email admin@localhost
Change this to reflect the email address necessary. You will have to make sure that mail can be sent out on this server before this will work (beyond the scope of this article).
Adding Hosts
This is one of those caveats I mentioned earlier. Nagios does not have any means of auto-discovery. Instead you have to manually enter hosts for monitoring. And by "manually" I do mean create configuration files for each host. This is generally fine, because you are not going to be monitoring every desktop and device on your network. What you will want to monitor is servers and other network devices. So let's take a look at adding a server for Nagios to monitor.
In the directory /etc/nagios3/conf.d/ you will find sample files with which you can build your network from. A basic host file for Nagios is fairly simple to create. The file contains host definitions and directives that dictate to Nagios what exactly to monitor. let's take a look at a typical host definition file:
define host{
host_name Elive
alias Elive Desktop
address 192.168.1.10
check_command check-host-alive
max_check_attempts 5
check_period 24x7
process_perf_data 0
retain_nonstatus_information 0
notification_interval 30
notification_period 24x7
notification_options d,u,r
}
define service{
use generic-service
host_name Elive
service_description Disk Space
check_command check_all_disks!20%!10%
}
define service{
use generic-service
active_checks_enabled 1
passive_checks_enabled 1
parallelize_check 1
obsess_over_service 1
check_freshness 1
notifications_enabled 1
event_handler_enabled 1
flap_detection_enabled 1
process_perf_data 1
retain_status_information 1
retain_nonstatus_information 1
register 0
}
This particular file defines all parameters for a device named Elive (named so, because of the Linux Distribution it uses). This is a desktop machine, but the above configuration could be used for just about any desktop or server. To make things easy on yourself you can copy the above file for all of the servers you need to monitor. You will want to edit the hostname, alias, and address according to each machine and give each file a name specific to the machine (say mailserver.cfg, webserver.cfg, etc).
Naturally you will notice the above file is missing critical services such as HTTP. A good template for an HTTP server would add the following service directives:
define service {
use generic-service
hostgroup_name http-servers
service_description HTTP
is_volatile 0
check_period 24x7
max_check_attempts 3
normal_check_interval 3
retry_check_interval 1
contact_groups admins
notification_interval 30
notification_period 24x7
notification_options w,u,c,r
check_command check_http
}
Now that you've added some hosts, restart Nagios and refresh the web page. If you click on the Host Detail link you should see something like you see in Figure 2. As you can see, one host is down.
If you click on a host you will get the full detail on the machine - including the host state information, enabled checks, and plenty more.
Host Groups
If you have multiple servers on your network, and some of the theses servers belong to a specific group (say HTTP or MAIL), you can make it easy on yourself by grouping them together. This will allow you to quickly check their status all together in the Nagios Hostgroup Overview. But you have to add these machines to a hostgroup first. To do this open up the file /etc/nagios3/conf.d/hostgroups_nagios2.cfg. In this file you can define each hostgroup like so:
# A list of your web servers
define hostgroup {
hostgroup_name http-servers
alias HTTP servers
members localhost, Ubuntu
}
Notice that your members use the hostname from their .cfg file hostname directive. Once you add new members to a hostgroup you will need to restart Nagios with the command sudo /etc/initi.d/nagios3 restart. Now you should see your devices grouped together like you see in Figure 3.
Nagios is now coming to life for you as a serious enterprise-ready network monitoring solution.
Final Thoughts
Nagios can do quite a lot. In upcoming articles we will stretch and push this tool into even more areas, making it even more useful for the network administrator. But already you should have a tool that is perfectly capable of monitoring your enterprise-level network.
Italian teacher Nadia Tati and her former student, race winning F1 driver Daniel Ricciardo. Photo: Simon Thomsen.
Australian Formula 1 racing driver is back on home soil for Christmas and today hundreds of Melbourne fans got to cheer the Infiniti Red Bull racing team's new lead driver.
It's been an amazing year for the 25-year-old from Perth, who outshone his team's now-departed number one, Sebastian Vettel, by winning three races and finishing 3rd in the 2014 driver's championship, becoming just the fourth Australian to win an F1 Grand Prix.
Vettel, one-time nemesis of Ricciardo's fellow Aussie Mark Webber, ended the year winless.
Ricciardo quickly became one of the hottest properties in F1, but after Business Insider had the chance to meet and talk to him this week, we're also convinced he's one of the loveliest and most unassuming blokes in sport notorious for big egos.
The proof came as he did a meet-and-greet with the crowd at Melbourne Emporium. He spotted one woman and cried out “Ms Tati!”
A decade ago in Perth, Nadia Tati was Ricciardo's Italian teacher for three years at high school.
The F1 driver, who now lives in Monaco, stopped to give her a hug and say hello and have his photo taken with “Ms Tati”.
Tati, who now lives in Melbourne, told Business Insider she was shocked he recognised her.
So what was he like as a student?
“He was very chatty – he hasn't changed,” she said.
And in news that will provide both argument and inspiration to countless teenage boys that they'll turn out just fine, apparently Ricciardo never did his homework.
“He was always out racing,” Tati said. “He told me he'd be a Formula One driver on day.”
His relaxed, natural charm also got him out of tight corners, “so basically he got away with it”.
Tati is impressed by how her student's turned out.
“I think he's a good role model for young people today,” she said.
It was just 10 months ago that motor racing fans suddenly realised just how good Ricciardo was, when, having replaced fellow Australian Webber on his debut race for the Infiniti Red Bull Racing team, he finished second at the Melbourne Grand Prix.
To the dismay of both the team and Australian fans, Ricciardo was disqualified for exceeding the maximum fuel flow rate on his car.
He explained to fans today that that wasn't the important part.
“What happened on the Sunday before the disqualification was amazing to stand up there on the podium and to see a sea of Aussie fans is something they'll never be able to take away from me and something I'll always remember.
“The disqualification obviously hurt a little bit, but still I was proud about what I did. Just to stand on the podium was really cool, so they can't take the rest'” he said.
Ricciardo will be back, this time to take it all, at the Melbourne F1 Grand Prix next year.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Share. One fan has boldly gone and found out. One fan has boldly gone and found out.
When Star Trek: The Next Generation was first coming to Blu-ray, some fans wondered why the beloved series was not being remastered in widescreen. The basic answer is because it wasn't designed that way in the first place (but you can hear more on the subject here). But still, one fan has decided to have some fun and give us an idea of what TNG and The Original Series would look like in a more theatrical format. And it's pretty cool…
Exit Theatre Mode
Nick Acosta, according to Nerdist, originally took frames from Captain Kirk's TOS and “stitched them together in the style of ‘Cinerama,'” producing unique yet very familiar takes on the classic show. Take a look:
But now he's applied his stitching technique to Captain Picard and his crew too. “Using HD versions of the original episodes, Acosta waited for the camera to pan across an episode and captured those frames, later stitching them together,” explains the site. For example…
That looks awesome. For more of these TOS and TNG images, click appropriately. And make it so!
Listen to Senior Editor Scott Collura's Star Trek podcast, Transporter Room 3. Or talk to him on Twitter at @ScottIGN, on IGN at scottcollura and on Facebook.
I'm always interested when something I'm not expecting happens. For instance, I didn't expect the brewers at Black Oak to start up their own label. They've been a bit cagey about it as the thing has developed and I don't think that anyone knew quite what to expect. It was probably last winter I was talking to Simon Da Costa about this development. It must have been, because the pub next to Volo was still Local 4 and we were in there discussing it.
He said he was going to brew a Scotch Ale, that he was going to barrel age it. I looked at him and said something to the effect of “And that's going to be your only beer? Are you crazy?” He looked at me and shrugged. When he did so, the sleeves of his well loved motorcycle jacket looked like they would probably fall off. He explained that he had worked in Scotland and he thought it would work. I honestly was excited to try this new batch, just like when I was about to try the Fireball whiskey bagel.
Months later, dozens and dozens of Scotch barrels arrived at Black Oak. Mostly mainland, speyside barrels, if I'm remembering correctly. You'd have been forgiven, based on the number, for putting on your best Welsh regimental accent and muttering to yourself “There are thousands of them.” One week I walked into the brewery and the entire back wall was taken up with barrels.
At one point, I told Simon and Jon Hodd, who worked with him on this, that I thought they were maniacs. Who the hell imports scotch barrels in order to launch a beer? Were all the beers out of their label going to be barrel aged? Were they crazy?
Now, understand that I like both of these people. Simon is talented and funny and unassuming and gets on with the difficult job of brewing. Jon, who I tend to refer to as “Jon Boy” after the Waltons, since he's so wholesome, is a good brewer in his own right, having come up through Volo. I really wanted to get a sense of what they were doing. I wanted to try their beer.
It was tantalizing. It was a secret project. As far as I know, no one had really tried the thing. At some point in the last couple of months, I wrote an article on Scotch Ales for The Sun and I called around to see if they'd let me try some. It wasn't ready. Rather than attempt to get national promotion, they wanted the product to be as they envisioned it before anyone got to try it.
Today, I finally got my hands on a bottle. Now, my understanding is that they've spent most of the morning packaging the bottles. When you see the following photos, I have no doubt that you'll understand why.
There's the brewery label.
And the beer label.
And the tissue wrapping.
And the actual cork and cage bottle.
I suppose if you're going to make a splash on shelves in Ontario LCBOs, this is not such a bad way to do it. It's eye catching. It's a bit like Rod Stewart's hair. It's hypnotic, and then, once you realize that he's got your attention, it's too late to stop singing along to Young Turks.
Knowing what I know about Simon and Jon, I'm a little surprised by the beer. Canny Man is 9.1% and comes in what is essentially a champagne bottle. It has apparently been matured for 71 days in the barrels. I don't know how you decide when enough is enough. I guess you have a sacrificial guinea pig barrel with a draw pipe.
It pours a sort of chestnut brown, relatively aggressively carbonated for the style. The interesting thing to me is that usually when North American brewers do Scotch Ales or Wee Heavies, they build the smoke in. I've confirmed with Jon that they used a tiny amount of smoked malt here, so most of the smoke comes from the barrels. The reason that's interesting to me is that this is sort of what I remember McEwan's being like. There's that malt caramel/toffee/fruity middle. That's what the beer would probably have been like without the barrel aging. It's a proper wee heavy, which has been subsequently introduced to the barrel.
You can tell that's what happened because the smoky notes from the barrel linger on the roof of the palate. It sort of separates into a toffee dark fruit middle while smoke wisps over top. It's odd because it means that it is simultaneously as close to being a real wee heavy as anything I've tried in the last year while playing into the North American predilection for adding smoke to Scotch Ales. The effort that must have gone into getting the beer exactly right and locating the right barrels to make it happen is a little staggering, especially for two maniacs in Etobicoke.
I should have listened to Simon when he said that he knew it would work. There are only two criticisms that I can see being leveled at this beer. One is that the packaging is… well, it's ostentatious. I understand that there is a sweatshop over at Black Oak working into the night on tissue paper wrapping. That's easily fixed after the first edition makes a splash. It would do just fine with only the bottle. The labeling is pretty enough to sell the thing.
The other criticism I can see is that the molasses seems to have fermented out quite a bit and that it may not be sweet enough for some palates. It's not like an Innis & Gunn barrel aged beer. It's drier than that, but not so dry that you don't get the body.
The impressive thing to me is that all of this activity has closed around Robbie Burns day. Theoretically, it'll be available in the LCBO sometime this week and it should make an appearance at some Robbie Burns dinners this year.
Canny men, more like.
A bear was spotted running through the Tower Hill neighborhood of Lawrence Monday
A black bear was spotted running through a Lawrence neighborhood Monday. State Environmental Police said they were notified about the bear sighting on Hobson Street around 11:45 a.m. Several officers and the Environmental Police were called out to search for the animal, which was eventually found and tranquilized. They said the animal was about 1 year old and weighed about 110 pounds. Officials said the bear would be transported to a safe, forested location.
A black bear was spotted running through a Lawrence neighborhood Monday.
State Environmental Police said they were notified about the bear sighting on Hobson Street around 11:45 a.m.
Advertisement
Several officers and the Environmental Police were called out to search for the animal, which was eventually found and tranquilized. They said the animal was about 1 year old and weighed about 110 pounds.
Bear hunt is on in Lawrence. Spotted about an hour ago. #wcvb #boston pic.twitter.com/wBwFD0J4Zs — Stanley Forman (@sjforman138) May 22, 2017
Officials said the bear would be transported to a safe, forested location.
Bear hunt is over, tranquilized and transported to a safe environment. #wcvb #boston pic.twitter.com/6ZoCZeUGUc — Stanley Forman (@sjforman138) May 22, 2017
AlertMe
Germany first started sharing data with the US in 2002 under Frank-Walter Steinmeier , then chief of staff to former Chancellor Gerhard Schröder. The aim of the 2002 Memorandum of Agreement between Germany and the US was to strengthen cooperation on intelligence in the wake of the 9/11 terror attacks and to combat global terrorism.
But leaked reports that surfaced in the German media this week indicate that the NSA also relied on Germany to conduct industrial espionage on a number of European firms, as early as 2008. According to the BBC , Washington was checking for violations of trade agreements.
SZ reports that the BND used its satellite tracking station in Bavaria — which famously resembles a field of oversized golf balls — to eavesdrop on members of the French foreign affairs ministry, the office of the French presidency, and the European Commission.
Now, it's been revealed that Germany's foreign intelligence agency BND spied on senior French and European officials on behalf of the US's National Security Agency (NSA), according to the German daily Süddeutsche Zeitung (SZ).
Remember German Chancellor Angela Merkel's outrage at having her cell phone tapped by the NSA, after whistleblower Edward Snowden leaked the evidence? She accused the NSA of being "like the Stasi."
Read more
Remember German Chancellor Angela Merkel's outrage at having her cell phone tapped by the NSA, after whistleblower Edward Snowden leaked the evidence? She accused the NSA of being "like the Stasi."
Now, it's been revealed that Germany's foreign intelligence agency BND spied on senior French and European officials on behalf of the US's National Security Agency (NSA), according to the German daily Süddeutsche Zeitung (SZ).
SZ reports that the BND used its satellite tracking station in Bavaria — which famously resembles a field of oversized golf balls — to eavesdrop on members of the French foreign affairs ministry, the office of the French presidency, and the European Commission.
But leaked reports that surfaced in the German media this week indicate that the NSA also relied on Germany to conduct industrial espionage on a number of European firms, as early as 2008. According to the BBC, Washington was checking for violations of trade agreements.
Germany first started sharing data with the US in 2002 under Frank-Walter Steinmeier, then chief of staff to former Chancellor Gerhard Schröder. The aim of the 2002 Memorandum of Agreement between Germany and the US was to strengthen cooperation on intelligence in the wake of the 9/11 terror attacks and to combat global terrorism.
Asked to spy on companies like European aerospace and defense corporation EADS or helicopter manufacturer Eurocopter, BND employees apparently didn't take long to figure out they were engaging in industrial espionage rather than the war on terror.
According to German news weekly Der Spiegel, BND employees alerted German higher-ups as early as 2008, and again in 2010, that the NSA's intelligence requests exceeded the counterterrorism mandate of the original agreement.
Der Spiegel claims that, of the 690,000 phone numbers and 7.8 million IP addresses cleared for surveillance, 40,000 fell outside of the counterterrorism remit of the German-American intelligence pact. The US was not "solely interested in terrorism," wrote the German weekly, but "used [Germany's] technological resources to spy on western European companies and firms."
German media has reported that the government turned a blind eye to NSA spying so that it might continue to receive US counterterrorism information.
On Wednesday, German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere — who was responsible for the BND at the time — denied the government had lied to the German parliament about supposedly known breaches to the agreement. De Maiziere, who has been accused of lying by the German media, was pictured Wednesday on the cover of German tabloid newspaper Bild with an elongated Pinocchio nose.
The spying allegations are particularly embarrassing for Merkel, who commented at the time it was revealed that her cell phone was tapped that "spying between friends is simply unacceptable." She's been branded hypocritical, particularly in light of Germany's political collaboration with France, which is also known as the "Franco-German Friendship." Merkel has vowed to "bring everything out into the open."
Follow Mélodie Bouchaud on Twitter: @meloboucho
Image via Wikimedia Commons
ESCH-SUR-ALZETTE, Luxembourg (VN) — At 26, Andy Schleck is still a young rider, but coming into the 2012 season, the youngest of the Schleck brothers looks and sounds tougher.
Long assailed as being too soft to win the Tour, Schleck vows to take aim for the highest step this year despite a stiff challenge of nearly 100km of individual time trials.
A runner-up three years in a row, Schleck told VeloNews in an interview Friday that he's fed up with being the bridesmaid and wants nothing less than to win the Tour.
Team Presentation: RadioShack is “All for Andy”
With trademark candor, Schleck also reacted to recent comments from Bjarne Riis and said he would take a yellow jersey if Alberto Contador is disqualified from the 2010 Tour in his long-running clenbuterol case. Here's what Schleck had to say:
VN: How is Andy Schleck right now, with this new team, with a challenging Tour ahead of you this season?
AS: I am really excited to start the new season now. I did really good training in the winter. I believe I am in OK condition for now. Now we go to Mallorca. I have a different feeling. Now I have been three times second in the Tour. Yellow in Paris, that's a different feeling, I want to know what that feels like. I go for that now and see if I can reach it.
VN: Do you have any regrets from last year's Tour? Many arm-chair quarterbacks say you missed chance in the Pyrenees, how do you reflect on it?
AS: I have no regrets. I think we did a great Tour last year. We just ran into a Cadel Evans, who was incredibly strong. People always find something. In Liege, when I won with one and a half minutes, people say you could have won with two minutes if you have sprinted to the line. I let them talk and I do the work.
VN: You describe yourself as young, but do you feel like a young rider? You have been around a long time …
AS: This will be my eighth season, if I think right, so it's time to win something big now (laughs). Many riders would like to have my palmares as I do. Of course, I didn't win that many races, but I have always focused on big races. Maybe if I aimed for smaller races, I would have won more wins. I do not have any regrets. A mistake isn't always something so bad. Out of mistakes, you learn something. I am more experienced.
VN: Three times second in the Tour, what do you need to do to win the Tour that you haven't done so far?
AS: I need to train bloody hard right to the day before the Tour. You can always do better.
VN: How do you react to recent comments from Bjarne Riis saying you ‘lack the will to win the Tour'?
AS: I don't know what Bjarne means. Bjarne always gets a lot of … let's put it this way. I was second in the Giro, there was no Bjarne there, it was Alain Gallopin in the car. All the training I did these years, there was no Bjarne, it was Kim Andersen. He came to races, yes, but in the end, it was another who was there in the car. I read somewhere that I cannot win because I am not a champion, but in the end, I want to win to show him. Of where I am standing today, I don't have to thank Bjarne for that. Of course, I was on his team and he paid me for a couple of years, but when I had the big results, it was not him in the car. It was more with Kim or Gallopin. I don't know if it's justified if he says that.
VN: The Contador case is on the verge of finally being settled, what is your perspective? If Contador loses the case, is it a win for you?
AS: It's not a win for me. For me, it's simple. His case is black or white. If they are going to suspend them, then for me, it's a right decision. It's not a lunatic sitting there, they are educated people there, making those decisions. On the other hand, if he is free, he didn't do anything wrong, and I believe it. It's not up to me to make the decision. I believe that the decision coming out of CAS is the correct one. I think for cycling, it's finally good that it's over. Also for him.
VN: The case has been running on for so long, has it been on your mind?
AS: No, it didn't affect me at all. In the beginning, you think of it. I heard like you did. You knew it before me, because I read it from you. In the beginning, you are wondering, but I haven't had in my head a single moment, even when I was racing against him.
VN: Would you take a yellow jersey if they wanted to give you one?
AS: If he's disqualified, yes, then I have said it's the right decision, then he was doing something wrong. If not, he never did anything wrong.
Nick Suban has been selected in the final TABtouch 22 for Sunday's round one clash with Geelong, after performing in Peel's win over East Perth in the WAFL last weekend.
Hayden Crozier, Tommy Sheridan and Matt Taberner, who also featured for Peel, have been listed as emergencies.
The side will be led out by new Fremantle captain Nat Fyfe, who will play his first AFL game in 336 days after suffering a broken leg in round five of the 2016 season against Carlton.
Michael Johnson, who also sustained a season ending injury against Carlton, is set to return for Fremantle alongside Fyfe.
Fremantle's four new signings from the 2016 NAB AFL Trade Period - Cam McCarthy, Bradley Hill, Joel Hamling and Shane Kersten - will make their Fremantle debuts.
Geelong were forced to make a change to their squad of 25 on Friday afternoon after the withdrawl of Cameron Gutherie (calf).
Darcy Lang came into Geelong's squad of 25, and was named as an emergency alongside Sam Menegola and Jackson Thurlow.
The clash will be Fremantle's annual Starlight Purple Haze Game, proudly supported by Fremantle Ports and will be Freo's 500th AFL match.
Tickets are still available for Sunday's match through ticketmaster.com.au or by calling 1300 135 915.
The Fremantle Dockers Foundation is proud to have the Starlight Children's Foundation on board as a Principal 'Friend of the Foundation'
In a webcam video shared to Youtube, XVG Whale shares what he knows about Verge development.
Donning pyjamas, surrounded by boxes of Antminer computers in his bedroom, XVG Whale shared his knowledge about the development of the Verge currency on Youtube today.
As I watch the video, I'm not sure whether to be reassured by the authenticity of this dude, called XVG Whale, sitting in his bedroom with Jimi Hendrix and Elvis posters on the wall, or concerned about the lack of effort to make a professional impression.
I suppose he probably just doesn't care about appearances. Let's face it, a lot of people in the tech industry do not prioritise making a good impression when presenting themselves. Yet, it feels a little strange to trust his reassurances.
Having said that, let's get to the point of the video that everyone was waiting to hear more about - the Wraith Protocol. Accused of being vaporware by many in the crypto-community, XVG Whale claims that this new stage in providing privacy for Verge will be released this week. Verge currency jumped in trading activity when the video was made available to the public. If Wraith is successful, it will surely bring significant further interest to this currency. The Wraith Protocol reputedly enables the ability to choose public or private transactions via the Verge blockchain. This would give Verge considerably more utility and validity as a privacy coin, alongside its already-functional TOR-enabled wallet.
XVG Whale went on to talk about further improvements in the coin, namely atomic swaps, RSK implementation allowing for smart contracts, and a debit card that could allow retail transactions converted to USD from Verge, for everyday purchases. He even mentioned that the developers have been thinking ahead about issues that could happen in the future with quantum computing.
It appears, from the video, that Verge has a very exciting future - that is, if you trust a guy shooting a webcam video in his bedroom in pyjamas.
video source:
https://www.youtube.com
jerry-seinfeld-porsche-auction-js1 More
Last month, comedian and well-known Porsche fanatic Jerry Seinfeld gave the classic car world a shock when Gooding & Company announced it would auction off a few rare cars from Seinfeld's extensive Porsche collection. Now however, the number has swelled considerably—from three to 18 cars in total—and they're not your average vintage Porsches.
The auction house's collection now includes such rarities as a 1959 Porsche 718 RSK, 2000 Porsche Carrera GT Prototype, and a 1973 Porsche 917/30 Can-Am Spyder.
Auction estimates haven't been announced for the entire collection, but for reference, the initial three cars of the collection were previously estimated to bring at least eight million dollars. This is shaping up to be one for the history books.
RELATED: Check Out Janis Joplin's $1.7 Million 1964 Porsche 356C
jerry-seinfeld-porsche-collection-1e More
All told, the full list includes the following, in chronological order:
1955 Porsche 550 Spyder
1957 Porsche 356 A Speedster
1958 Porsche 356 A 1500 GS/GT Carrera Speedster
1958 Porsche 597 Jagdwagen
1959 Porsche 718 RSK
1960 Volkswagen Beetle
1963 Porsche 356 B 2000 GS Carrera 2 Coupe
1964 Volkswagen Camper
1966 Porsche 911
1973 Porsche 917/30 Can-Am Spyder
1974 Porsche 911 Carrera 3.0 IROC RSR
1989 Porsche 911 Speedster
1990 Porsche 962C
1994 Porsche 964 Turbo 3.6 S Flachbau
1998 Porsche 993 3.8 Cup RSR
2000 Porsche Carrera GT Prototype
2011 Porsche 997 Speedster
2012 Porsche 997 GT3 4.0 Cup “Brumos Commemorative Edition”
It's hard to pick a top seller from the list, however the rare 550 Spyders are heavily steeped in history and Seinfeld's model is estimated to bring between five and six million dollars on its own.
RELATED: “Projekt Mjolner” is One of the World's Wildest 911 Turbos
jerry-seinfeld-porsche-rsr-3e More
So why is Jerry Seinfeld selling? According to the comedian, it's time for some other enthusiasts to enjoy part of the collection.
“I've loved being entrusted with their care, and I'm proud of the level to which we have brought each and every one of these wonderful machines,” noted Seinfeld in a statement. “The reason I wanted to bid these cars farewell in this way is really just to see the look of excitement on the faces of the next owners who I know will be out of their minds with joy that they are going to get to experience them.”
The Jerry Seinfeld Collection is scheduled to cross the Gooding & Company auction block on March 11 in Amelia Island, Florida.
RELATED: Take a Closer Look at Steve McQueen's 1976 Porsche 911 Turbo
Follow @thetirekicker
Described as one of the most luxurious “survival shelters” anywhere in the world, one man's dream has turned an old Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile silo into a condo complex for the super-wealthy. Located somewhere in Kansas, the recently completed Survival Condo 1 was built inside of an underground missile silo and is designed to withstand any number of disaster scenarios.
With walls up to nine feet thick and protected by a monolithic dome cap, the condo structure is expected to be able to survive a direct nuclear strike on its location. It also features a number of electrical power sources, a backup water supply, a complex air filtration system, hydroponic and aquaculture facilities capable of food production, a clinic, a weather station, “military grade security,” and its own wind turbine. The complex is so self-sufficient that its builders say that it can house 70 people for more than five years without ever having to step outside of the structure.
The price tag? About three million bucks for a full-floor unit and half that for a half-floor unit.
“The same quality of condo in New York would have cost me the same, if not more per square foot, and you get peace of mind with this,” boasted one of the anonymous owners.
The project was spearheaded by engineer and software developer Larry Hall, who said that his vision was to build one of the strongest and most self-sustainable manmade structures ever built. Whether it is disease, war, nuclear devastation, or even natural disasters, the survival condo is designed to be impenetrable.
“We are not looking for stereotypical ‘survival nuts' portrayed in movies, but rather like-minded individuals with the desire to provide care and protection for their family,” states Luxury Survival Condo on its website. “We seek people with the financial resources, interest, education, experience, and desire to participate in the shared tasks of survival under difficult circumstances.”
Survival apparently does not have to be boring. The Survival Condo comes with a host of amenities, including a built-in rock wall, movie theater, dog park, gym, lounge, general store, and yes, even its own indoor shooting range.
You can see a video tour of the condo complex below:
OutdoorHub managed to contact Hall, who said he is moving forward with Survival Condo 2 after the completion of the first facility.
“The initial complex was completed in December 2012 but we had a long list of upgrades that took more than a year to complete,” Hall wrote in an email. “Owners have been moving their personal items here since January 2013. This is a second home to the owners, it is not their primary residence.”
As many as 12 families can reside in the facility, but Hall said that so far, none of his clients will be living in the silo year-round. In fact, only one owner has indicated that they will be staying for half the year. The other tenants view the Survival Condo as “just” an emergency shelter, albeit one that is very well-equipped.
Getting in is not easy, however, and it takes more than just a beefy bank account to land one of these condos.
“All [prospective] buyers must demonstrate the financial liquidity to purchase the unit they are interested in,” Hall wrote. “All buyers also must pass a background investigation and sign a Non-Disclosure Agreement. We do not allow anyone with any crimes against children or anyone who has a violent criminal record. There are also some medical conditions that could exclude people.”
There is a strong focus on community, or as Hall and his cohorts call it, an “extended family.” After all, when the unthinkable happens and the facility ends up being used for its primary function—survival—individual owners will find that they need to work together. Everybody will share the responsibility for security, operation, and maintenance of their new home.
But what kind of security systems does the silo have? Hall is reluctant to specify any details, but the Survival Condo can easily double as a fort.
“The details are confidential but in general terms we have both lethal and non-lethal weapons,” Hall shared. “There are a lot of cameras, motion sensors, etc. Owners can bring in their own weapons but they must be registered and the owner must demonstrate the ability to safely handle the weapons.”
“We have spent years researching the concept of extended ‘off-grid' living and we have come up with an excellent solution,” stated the company. “Our solution is built around utilizing a unique facility as a starting point that will provide a level of protection and a quality of life that would be considered financially impossible if this facility had to be created from scratch.”
So how much did building the facility inside of a missile silo cost? Hall estimates that it cost the US government $15 million to build the concrete structure back in 1960—$120 million in today's terms. In that frame of reference, paying $3 million for a unit may even be called a steal.
What do you think? If you had the money, would you buy some peace of mind at the Survival Condo?
Images courtesy Larry Hall
What's Your Reaction?
L et's make one thing perfectly clear: after et's make one thing perfectly clear: after the release of pictures of Kermit the Frog's new girlfriend, Denise , it's clear who was the real pig on the Muppets.
Miss Piggy was always the more charismatic performer, the more powerful presence in that relationship: she was Angelina to Kermit's Billy Bob, the Cher to his Sonny, the Liz to his Larry (Fortensky). And yet he always got the top billing, the most screen time and the most credit for his intelligence. It's now clear that he was also always colluding with the producers and directors to make sure that Miss Piggy looked like a violent, egotistical harridan and he was seen as the sensitive, Rainbow-Connection-bleating ex-hippie who gracefully put up with both her personality and living in her shadow. Woe is him, we all said – and that's exactly what he wanted us to say.
Don't believe me? Just look at what he said after they broke up a month ago.
It can be tough to work with your ex … It can be tough to be the executive producer on your ex's late-night TV show, especially when your ex is a pig. I don't know whether any of you have ever dated pigs.
Well, apparently Kermit can't get enough of women like his ex – as long as they're younger and thinner than her and less successful than him (but still work at ABC, so he can rub her in Miss Piggy's face).
Sorry, your browser is unable to play this video. Play Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 0:00 Remaining Time -0:00 Stream Type LIVE Loaded : 0% Progress : 0% 00:00 Fullscreen 00:00 Mute Playback Rate 1 Subtitles subtitles off Captions captions off Chapters Chapters Embed No compatible source was found for this video. Embed code Facebook Twitter Pinterest Kermit the Frog talks about his breakup with Miss Piggy in early August. Link to video
But even if this is just some public relations stunt to promote the new show , he and his fellow producers have sorely misjudged their audience. While the audience of the 1980s might've been filled with the fear of powerful women and willing to sympathise with the “plight” of the lesser men who loved them (or at least profited handsomely off them) – and even understood and supported men's urge to date their exes' younger, dumber Plasticine lookalikes – the situation has changed in 2015.
Times have changed for the Kermits of the world, but they haven't changed with it. Miss Piggy has, though – and she'll be just fine without him.
Symphony of the Machine Announced for PSVR
Stirfire Studios' Symphony of the Machine was already revealed for the HTC Vive, but we can confirm the title is also heading to PS4 and the PlayStation VR.
Australian developer Stirfire Studios, who is best known for the great vertical platformer Freedom Fall, is working on a great puzzle game for virtual reality formats. In an apocalyptic world, you are given the opportunity to bring life back to the desolate landscape. You stand in a tower built by some ancient civilization, and by manipulating the beam of light that travels through its centre, you can solve puzzles to control the weather. The further you progress, the more items you unlock to help you guide the light into locations around the tower.
I played the game on an HTC Vive, and found it quite enjoyable. There is little hand-holding, which leads to a great sense of reward as you figure out how each item can alter the course of the beam, and the opportunities that opens up. Especially as you conceive of new combinations of items. Using the now standard point and press to transport technique for movement, I was impressed by how accurately you could interact with the world. Picking up items in each hand, and rotating them, feels incredibly natural. And while everything unfolds in a small, contained playing space, the variations I saw in the weather help spice things up.
After playing the game, I got chatting to managing director Vee Pendergrast, and the topic soon turned to her passion for accessibility in gaming. She sees VR as a big opportunity to expand what is possible, so I took the chance to interview her for further insights. During that interview, she confirmed that the game is also coming to PSVR, stating:
"The PSVR is certainly building up to be the most accessible device that meets our requirements from a price perspective. For the PSVR version, we adjusted the game for seated play, which is of course part of the Sony experience, but we were also very conscious about how this affected the movement and positioning available in-game."
A release date is set for Q1 2017, but we will keep you posted on an exact date.
New comment
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
By Hunter Wallace
I'm sure many of you have already seen the video of Florida State University quarterback De'Andre Johnson punching a White girl in the face in a bar in Tallahassee:
“(CNN)The moment captured on camera escalates quickly. In one frame, Florida State University quarterback De'Andre Johnson, 19, is seen arguing with a woman at a crowded bar. In the next frame, she raises a fist. He grabs her arm. She attempts to hit him. He punches her in the face. Although the surveillance video was released Monday, the incident took place June 24, inside Yianni's nightclub in Tallahassee, Florida.” …
FSU head football coach Jimbo Fisher has already released Johnson from the team. We're confident that he will eventually land elsewhere in the same way that other black athletes such as Dorial-Green Beckham transferred from Mizzou to Oklahoma or Jonathan Taylor who transferred from Georgia to Alabama.
Jameis Winston, FSU's previous star black quarterback, not only got away with raping a White woman in a “football town,” he was awarded the Heisman Trophy (the Heisman Trust later dropped the word “integrity” from its mission statement), and he went on to become the 2015 NFL number one draft pick.
Like so many other “good boys” who play college football these days, De'Andre Johnson will likely follow in the footsteps of James Winston and do quite well for himself in our world of “white privilege” and “institutional racism.” His actions fit a pattern though which the SPLC has labeled the “false narrative of a victimized white majority under siege by allegedly violent people of color in the United States.”
Written by Greg Ellifritz
I was recently listening to a podcast where the host was interviewing noted author and speaker James Howard Kunstler. Mr. Kunstler is well known in the fields of permaculture, architecture, and sustainable living. He has written several excellent books, with The Long Emergency and World Made By Hand likely being of interest to many of my readers.
Kunstler was talking about the lack of long term sustainability in our resource demands and modern lifestyle. He blamed much of the problem on a concept he calls “The Psychology of Previous Investment.”
He explains the concept as:
“as a species we are reluctant to abandon any path we've set down, once we've made the commitment to set down the path.”
He's essentially speaking of inertia. In any endeavor, we as a species seem reluctant to change course (even if it is in our best interests) if we have heavily invested (either emotionally or financially) in a certain technology or outcome. Some people might call this “throwing good money after bad”. Economists might refer to it as a “sunk cost.” It's the idea that once we make up our minds and commit to a particular course of action, we become psychologically wedded to that decision, even when all indicators logically call for a change of course.
It's what happens when we let our ego get involved in our decision making process. We convince ourselves that our decisions are optimal. It damages our ego to admit we were wrong, so we continue to work to support our initial poor decision.
Although Kunstler was speaking specifically of the problems involved with our modern-day energy expenditures, I see a similar thing happening every day in the firearms and training world.
The “psychology of previous investment” comes into play every day in at least three areas related to firearms and combatives training:
1) Firearm selection. I see this one most commonly. People will spend months researching firearms forums and reading gun magazines to find the “best” gun to have for any specific situation. They don't realize that most gun magazine articles are nothing but paid advertisements and that most of the forum “experts” fire about 100 total rounds a year.
They take the advice of the “experts” and go out and buy a gun. The gun works ok. Maybe it doesn't fit their hand well or maybe the recoil is really too intense for their skill level. Maybe he guns jams every 20 rounds. It could be a variety of factors, but it soon becomes obvious that they made a bad decision.
Rather than admit that they screwed up and bought a piece of shit, they make excuses. “The gun doesn't like this kind of ammo.” “I must have a bad magazine.” “I'm just having a bad day on the range.” The excuses go on forever. They just want to avoid the pain of admitting that they made a bad decision.
So they invest more. They try 14 different kinds of ammunition. They put new grips on the gun. They buy a dozen different holsters to make carrying the gun more comfortable. They try different sights. They replace the magazines.
Then it gets really bad. They start seriously tinkering with it. They spend money to replace recoil springs or put match triggers in the guns. As a last resort, they send the gun to a gunsmith for custom stippling, a lightened trigger pull, or a “reliability package.” All the while they are continuing to carry a gun that doesn't work for them because they took the advice of a keyboard commando and bought the wrong gun.
Folks, you can't polish a turd. Cut your losses. A gun that doesn't work for you (even if it is expensive or high quality) shouldn't be carried. Get rid of it. I'll pass on the advice a veteran SWAT trainer once gave me when I was suffering from the “psychology of previous investment” and struggling with a rifle that I originally thought was a great choice. After seeing me try everything possible to get the rifle running he looked at me and said:
“Dude, that thing's a piece of shit. Ditch it. That's why God made gun shows.”
It wasn't what I wanted to hear, but it was good advice. More people should take it.
2) Clothing Choices. This is another one I see, especially among cops and new CCW students. They have spent their lives (and often lots of money) developing their own sense of style. They wear tight clothes, tucked in shirts, or other clothing that doesn't work well for concealing a gun.
When they start carrying, they realize their clothing choices don't support their new armed lifestyle. So what do they do? They don't buy new clothing to dress around the gun. They buy an inadequate gun, carry off body, or use a less-than-optimal holster design.
I see people who love shooting their Glock, but who carry a .380 auto instead because the Glock “can't be concealed.” I see people carrying guns in virtually inaccessible ankle holsters because they don't want to un-tuck their shirts. Even worse, people leave guns at home or in the glove compartment of their cars to avoid changing their clothing style so they could carry more often.
It's that previous investment thing again. People invest money as well as their personal identities in their “style”. They don't want to change. Inertia takes over and reality is ignored.
Being armed is a lifestyle decision. Sometimes you will have to change things up a little and learn to dress around your gun. It won't kill you. But leaving your gun at home because you don't want to un-tuck your shirt might.
3) Training. It doesn't happen often in my classes, but I see it every now and then. A student will show up and perform poorly. They won't accept any corrections from the instructor, even though the student's techniques are clearly not working. The student says something like “I saw this technique on YouTube” or “The Navy Seals do it my way” or, even worse “My CCW instructor told me to do it this way, so clearly you are wrong.”
Every professional instructor has taught a student like this. The student pays good money, presumably to learn what the instructor is teaching. But the student won't try any of the instructor's techniques because the student already knows “a better way.”
The student is too stubborn to realize that he has previously spent time and money learning an ineffective technique or system. The previous investment of money, time, and ego provides too much inertia to allow the student to change course…even if the course he is on is sending him over a cliff.
Do you suffer from the psychology of previous investment? Take a hard look at your weapon selection, clothing choices, and training experiences. Recognize when its time to cut your losses.
If you would like to read more articles like this one, please sign up for my email updates.
Liked it? Take a second to support Greg Ellifritz on Patreon!
Image copyright GMP Image caption Christian Hickey, 7, was shot in the left leg and has undergone surgery to remove a bullet
Salford is being flooded with crack cocaine and heroin following the murder of so-called "Mr Big", Paul Massey, underworld sources have told the BBC.
The shooting of a seven-year-old boy and his mother is the latest being linked to a violent turf war over drugs involving some of Massey's associates.
Christian Hickey and his mother Jayne were shot at their home on Monday.
Police sources say drugs, money laundering and respect issues are behind the recent rise in violence.
They believe the gun used to shoot Christian and his mother has been used in eight shootings in the North West - at least one of which is linked to the current feud.
'Battle for control'
The BBC has been told that following the shooting of Massey in July this year, there is "more crack cocaine and heroin on the streets of Salford than ever".
Image caption Christian and his mother Jayne were shot on the doorstep of their Salford home on Monday
"Some of Massey's firm are peddling heroin and he would never have stood for it," the source said. "It looks like there is a battle for control of his firm."
Another source told the BBC: "Most of the so-called gangsters in Salford are just young lads and guns are so available.
"The lads have no pity or conscience, the streets are flooded with cocaine and it is only going to get worse. The police have lost control."
The source said the shootings were part of a "drugs war" in the area.
Massey, 55, a well-known figure in Greater Manchester, was shot dead outside his home and his killer is still at large.
Labelled "Mr Big", Massey was jailed in 1999 for 14 years over a stabbing and unsuccessfully stood to be Salford mayor in 2012.
Asked if crack cocaine and heroin are flooding the streets of Greater Manchester, a police source told the BBC: "There is a big problem with serious and organised crime and this (drugs) is included."
The source added it was also about "respect" and the recent shootings were about the "turf war and money laundering and not just drugs".
Wall of silence
On Thursday, police released images of Christian in his hospital bed.
A bullet was removed from his leg and is being forensically examined.
Talking about the shooting, his 29-year-old mother said: "I saw blood pouring from him, I screamed for his Dad. I knew he had been shot and I couldn't help him."
Image copyright Linkedin Image caption Jayne Hickey and her son were shot in Salford on Monday evening
Officers made a direct appeal on Thursday to the "mothers, grandmothers, aunties and sisters of Salford to search their conscience" following the shooting, after being confronted with a wall of silence.
Detectives have issued descriptions of the two men thought to be responsible for the attack on the Hickeys.
The first is aged about 19 or 20 years old, of "chunky" build and with a local accent. The second man is only described as white.
Both men are believed to have been wearing baseball caps.
Speaking on Thursday, Assistant Chief Constable Rebekah Sutcliffe said the shooting would be "etched on Christian's memory forever".
Recent gang-related violence in Manchester
Saturday 10 October
1. 00:15: A man is wounded in the back after being shot through the window of his house in Mossbrook Drive, Little Hulton, Salford.
2. 22:00: Police are called to a house in Worsley Road, Bolton, after shots are fired by a gunman on a motorcycle, according to witnesses. No-one is hurt.
3. 23:30: Ninety minutes later shots are fired through the ground-floor window of a house on Gorse Drive, Little Hulton, Salford. No-one is hurt.
Monday 12 October
4. 21:30: Jayne Hickey and her son Christian, 7, are shot and injured on the doorstep of their house on Gillingham Road, Eccles, Salford.
An old field telephone from the 1940s, a Nazi flag and a map of Tobruk greet visitors to the newly reopened Rommel Cave Museum in Marsa Matrouh, one of Egypt's lesser known tourist destinations. The items belonged to Erwin Rommel, one of the most celebrated generals of Nazi Germany until he was implicated in a plot to kill the Fuhrer in 1944. Rommel has long been remembered as one of the few "decent" Nazi commanders, though there is debate over his legacy of chivalry.
Rommel was known to the Germans as “the people's marshal” and to the outside world as the “Desert Fox” for his surprise attacks and unbroken string of successful campaigns. He defeated the British at Gazala in May 1942, followed by his taking of Tobruk and promotion to field marshal. When the German troops entered El-Alamein, a town in the northern Matrouh governorate and 106 kilometers (66 miles) west of Alexandria, Rommel selected a site in the area's cliffs as his headquarters, where he plotted military operations against the British forces. The two battles of El-Alamein would end with a German defeat on Nov. 4, after which Rommel dispatched his troops to Tunisia.
Rommel remained a highly regarded figure in the eyes of the Matrouh residents because he respected the customs and traditions of the Bedouins and did not violate the sanctity of their homes, keeping his troops at least 2 kilometers (1.2 miles) from their houses at all times. He also refused to poison the wells against Allied forces on the grounds that doing so would harm the local population. The people of Matrouh honored him by naming a nearby beach after him.
On Aug. 25, Egypt's Ministry of Antiquities and the Matrouh governorate reopened the Rommel Cave Museum after seven years of closure, following a restoration that cost 2.5 million Egyptian pounds (about $142,000).
In 1977, Egypt and Germany agreed to open a museum that would pay tribute to Rommel and display historical items such as clothing, personal photos, war plans and files on soldiers. Rommel's son, Manfred, who served as the mayor of Stuttgart from 1974 until 1996, donated some of Rommel's personal belongings as well as weapons and military equipment to the museum. It opened in 1988 and was enriched with new donations in 1991. It was closed in 2010 for extensive renovations.
Ismail Saeed, a restoration specialist with the Supreme Council of Antiquities, who worked on the restoration, said that most of the cracks inside the cave had been fixed. He told Al-Monitor that the cave's historical importance dates back much further than Rommel's time. In the Roman era, it was used to store grain waiting to be loaded onto ships in an ancient Mediterranean seaport nearby.
Matrouh is a destination for many Egyptians and foreign residents who enjoy summer holidays on its soft white sand beaches and clear blue water. Saeed said the museum's reopening will enrich beach vacationers' experiences with history.
The museum's director Mohamed el-Sharkawy told Al-Monitor, “The museum will boost tourism and create archaeological awareness among Matrouh residents.” Matrouh includes other sites such as ruins of the ancient Coptic chapel, but it is far less popular than other Egyptian Mediterranean towns.
Sharkawy said that every October, many Germans and Italians come to visit Matrouh to commemorate the battle of El-Alamein and lay bouquets of roses on their relatives' tombs. He added that the reopening of the museum this year is expected to stir more interest than usual.
The ministry and the local residents hope that the reopening will help boost both domestic and international tourism in Matrouh. At the opening ceremony, Minister of Antiquities Khaled el-Anani lauded plans to develop many of Egypt's other archaeological areas in Egypt and enhance their role in the tourism industry.
But challenges include the many land mines from two world wars that continue to litter the area, including near the Rommel museum.
With an estimated 23 million land mines clustered in very high concentrations, Egypt is one of the world's most mine-riddled countries. “Unfortunately, the land mines impede the development efforts in this area,” Sharkawy said. “So we have to take advantage of any chance to provide income to Matrouh.”
There exist people with superpowers.
They read situations with razor wits and instinct; they deploy mind control.
They size up their attackers and draw out the appropriate weapon – an earsplitting scream, a filthy look, a well-connected slap.
They are — the average woman in Delhi.
Consider this: Delhi, the Indian capital, has the highest number of reported rapes in the country and is considered the most dangerous large city for women in India. Yet, women are everywhere in this sprawling metropolis, fighting their superhero battles. Squeezed in tight on the bus to work. At overcrowded markets where hands wander. At the local bar, where they knock back a whisky but hold their drink close enough to fling it at the lecherous perv if he edges too close.
Molestation, euphemistically termed eve teasing in India, is hardly unique to Delhi, or India for that matter. But in a country where tradition and modernity flirt, and fumble, and fight, women end up honing superhuman skills to size up a situation at any given time and make detailed calculations in split seconds for their safety.
So, they might bargain with the boisterous autorickshaw driver ripping them off on the fare, telling him to have some “shame” (haggling can be an emotionally charged affair), but they'll keep in mind how late it is, how desolate the area, whether the extra 20 rupees being debated is worth paying if it means they don't have to wait for another autorickshaw on a lonely road.
Sexual harassment in Delhi, like elsewhere, cuts across stereotypes. It could happen to someone draped in a short dress or a demure salwar kameez. It could be a teenager or a mother of teenagers. (The best comeback I've heard is when a bunch of rowdy young men started hooting, whistling and getting grabby with a woman passing by in a mall who whipped around, shook her head at them scornfully, and said, “I have children as old as you are.” The men slunk away in shame like schoolboys.)
Women also have the instincts of a pack. So, if a woman is out with her friends, her crime-fighting skills double.
She's more likely to slap that grabby guy with the backing of her slit-eyed, hard-knuckled female friends. Or give it back as good as she gets. (“Never seen a woman before?” to a Roadside Romeo's catcall.)
India Ink hit the streets of Delhi with a camera to ask women how they respond to male harassment. Here's the video. Warning: violence is cheerfully endorsed by some of the respondents.
(The accompanying video was shot by Nikhila Gill, Sruthi Gottipati and Pamposh Raina in the New Delhi bureau and produced by Ms. Raina.)
The Referendum
Will there be a second referendum or an alternative to leaving the EU?
No. The country voted to leave the EU and it is the duty of the Government and Parliament to make sure we do just that.
How will you take into account the views of those who did not vote to leave the EU?
Our priority is to build a national consensus around our exit from the EU. We have already started a wide-ranging programme of engagement and are listening to organisations, institutions and companies in as many sectors as possible to establish their priorities, understand their concerns and to hear what they think the opportunities are.
We are going to make the most of the opportunities that leaving the EU presents - getting out into the world and doing business right across the globe, while at home building a Britain that works for everyone.
Exiting the European Union
What is Article 50 and why do we need to trigger it?
The rules for exiting the EU are set out in Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. This is the only lawful route for withdrawal from the EU under the Treaties.
When will Article 50 be triggered?
Article 50 will be triggered on 29 March, 2017.
What is the effect of the Supreme Court decision?
At every stage of this process, the Government has been clear that Article 50 will be triggered by the end of March 2017. The decision by the Supreme Court does not change that commitment.
We have now introduced the European Union (Notification of Withdrawal) Bill, which is necessary to implement the referendum result and respect the judgment of the Supreme Court.
The British people voted to leave the EU and the Government will get on with the job of delivering on that mandate. As we do so, we will work with Parliament and stakeholders to ensure a smooth and successful exit.
What is the Government doing ahead of triggering article 50?
The Department for Exiting the European Union is responsible for overseeing negotiations to leave the EU and establishing the future relationship between the UK and EU. The Department now has over 300 staff in London and a further 120 people working in the UK Representation in Brussels.
We are currently undertaking two broad areas of work:
We are listening to as many organisations, companies and institutions as possible – from the large PLCs to small business, from the devolved administrations through to councils, local government and the major metropolitan bodies – to build a national consensus around our negotiating position. We are doing this through meetings, visits and a series of sector roundtables, led by the Secretary of State. You can read more about the work of each roundtable, as well as future roundtables and Ministerial visits here.
We are carrying out a programme of sectoral and regulatory analysis, which will identify the key factors for British businesses and the labour force that will affect our negotiations with the EU. This will help inform our negotiating position and build a detailed understanding of how withdrawing from the EU will affect our domestic policies, to seize the opportunities and ensure a smooth process of exit.
Will the Government publish its plan for exiting the EU?
The Government has published a White Paper on the United Kingdom's exit from and new partnership with the European Union. This provides Parliament and the country with a comprehensive vision of what we are seeking to achieve. It also provides the information to allow debate and scrutiny of our approach.
The White Paper builds on the 12 negotiating objectives set out by the Prime Minister. It sets out a serious and ambitious vision of a new partnership between the UK and the EU that is positive and constructive, a partnership that will be good for the UK and good for the rest of Europe.
How involved will Parliament be in the process of exit?
We have always been committed to parliamentary scrutiny of our withdrawal from the EU, and we have always said that we will observe the constitutional and legal precedents that apply to the final deal agreed between the UK and the EU.
Indeed, the Prime Minister has confirmed that Parliament will have a say on the final deal we achieve with the European Union by putting that deal to a vote in both Houses of Parliament, before it comes into force. We will, of course, continue to support Parliament in its scrutiny role as we enter the negotiating stage.
We have now introduced the European Union (Notification of Withdrawal) Bill, which is necessary to implement the referendum result and respect the judgment of the Supreme Court. We are committed to giving Parliament sufficient time to consider and debate this Bill.
What will happen after we leave the EU?
The European Communities Act will be repealed on the day we leave the EU – meaning that the authority of EU law in the UK will end. We will convert the body of existing EU law into domestic law and then Parliament will be free to amend, repeal and improve any law it chooses. More information on the Great Repeal Bill is below.
Migration
What will you be doing about immigration / freedom of movement?
DExEU is working closely with the Home Office and other Government departments to identify and develop options to shape our future immigration system, including considering the best way to control the number of people coming to the UK following our exit from the EU.
At every step of these negotiations we will work to ensure the best possible outcome for the British people. Rights and status of EU nationals and UK nationals
The rights and status of EU nationals in the UK and UK nationals in the EU is unchanged as we approach our exit.
We want to seek the earliest agreement to protect the status of EU nationals who are already living in the UK, and the status of UK nationals already living in other Member States, following our exit. The Prime Minister has made clear that we stand ready to reach a deal on this right now. It remains an important priority for the UK and many other Member States to provide certainty to these groups as soon as possible.
You can find more advice for EU nationals living in the UK here.
You can find more advice for UK nationals in the EU here.
What will our future immigration system for EU nationals look like?
We will remain an open and tolerant country, and one that recognises the valuable contribution migrants make to our society. However, the message from the public before and during the referendum campaign has been clear: leaving the EU must mean control of the number of people who come to the UK from Europe. We want to see net migration to the UK fall to sustainable levels.
DExEU is working closely with the Home Office and other Government departments to identify and develop options to shape our future immigration system.
Has the decision to leave the EU increased intolerance in the UK?
The Government will not tolerate hate crime or any kind of attacks against people in our country because of their ethnic origin. We are a proud multi-faith, multi-ethnic society and we will stay that way.
The Government is committed to tackling hate crime, which is why we have published a Hate Crime Action Plan which focuses on reducing hate crime, increasing reporting and improving support for victims. We have also launched a new funding scheme to help protect places of worship.
Trade and the Single Market
Now we have a Department for International Trade and for Exiting the EU, who is responsible for what?
The Department for Exiting the European Union oversees negotiations to leave the EU and leads on establishing a new strategic partnership with the EU as part of the overall negotiation.
The Department for International Trade leads on boosting UK trade: promoting the UK as a place to do business and trade with; driving inward investment; and, in time, negotiating trade deals and free trade agreements.
How will exiting the EU affect trade?
Leaving the EU offers us an opportunity to forge a new role for ourselves in the world: to negotiate our own trade agreements and to be a positive and powerful force for free trade.
The UK has always been a leading voice for free trade in the EU and globally. Outside the EU, we will have the complete freedom to pursue this approach and to push for more open, global trade, supported by strong global institutions like the WTO.
Will the UK remain a member of the Single Market?
The Government will prioritise securing the freest and most frictionless trade as possible in goods and services between the UK and the EU. We will not be seeking membership of the Single Market. Instead, we will pursue a new strategic partnership with the EU, including an ambitious and comprehensive Free Trade Agreement and a new customs agreement.
Will the UK remain a member of the Customs Union?
Negotiating new comprehensive UK trade agreements is a priority for the Government as we leave the EU. We want to have a new, mutually beneficial customs agreement with the EU that supports these objectives, but we have an open mind about the form of that agreement.
EU Funding
What will happen to the future of EU funding for UK projects?
The Treasury will guarantee EU structural and investment projects which are signed before the UK leaves the EU, even if they continue beyond our EU departure – provided they represent good value for money and are in line with the UK's strategic objectives.
For bids made directly to the Commission by UK organisations: institutions, universities and businesses should continue to apply for funding.
The Treasury will underwrite the payment of such award, even when specific projects continue beyond the UK's departure from the EU.
Over the next few months, the Government will engage closely with stakeholders to review all EU funding schemes in the round, to ensure any ongoing funding commitments best serve the UK's national interests.
Legislation
What is the European Union (Negotiation of Withdrawal) Bill?
The European Union (Notification of Withdrawal) Bill is a piece of legislation necessary to implement the referendum result, and respect the judgment of the Supreme Court. It is not a vehicle for determining the terms of the broader negotiations that will follow.
What is the Great Repeal Bill?
It is a piece of legislation which will repeal the European Communities Act 1972 on the day we leave the EU. This ‘Great Repeal Bill' will end the authority of EU law and return power to the UK.
This Bill does not prejudge the negotiation. It will not affect when the Prime Minister triggers Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, which is what starts the process of our negotiation for leaving the EU.
This is about ensuring that our exit is smooth and orderly, which is in the best interests of the UK and our EU partners. There are decades of EU law to consider, and we must ensure our laws work when we leave and that we provide the maximum possible stability.
How will we assess what EU laws we need?
All Government departments are currently reviewing the EU laws that apply in their policy areas and how our withdrawal from the EU will affect the operation of those laws. Where laws need to be fixed, that is what the Government will do.
Devolution
How will the Government ensure the views of the Scottish Government, Welsh Government and Northern Ireland Executive are heard?
The UK voted to leave the EU, and the UK Government has a responsibility to deliver on that mandate and secure the right deal for the whole of the UK.
We are working closely with the devolved administrations to get the best possible deal for all parts of the UK as we leave the EU. We will give the devolved administrations every opportunity to have their say as we form our negotiating strategy.
That is why the Government has set up a Joint Ministerial Committee on EU Negotiations, so Ministers from each of the UK's devolved administrations can contribute to the process of planning for our departure from the EU.
Kyle had a LivingSocial voucher for 1-800-Flowers, and thought that he would put it to good use sending a lovely arrangement to his parents to show that he was thinking of them at Christmas. 1-800-Flowers didn't really want to cooperate, though. They e-mailed him twice to let him know that the arrangement had been delivered…but it actually hadn't. Silly Kyle, assuming that one of the messages had to reflect reality. They've since promised him a refund and a $20 coupon that have never come.
He writes:
I am a long-time reader and follower of Consumerist and wanted to pass along a horrible experience I had over the holidays with 1-800-Flowers.
Since I wasn't traveling home for the holidays to visit my parents, I decided it would be a nice idea to send a flower arrangement to them. I had recently purchased a gift certificate for 1-800-Flowers from Living Social and decided this would be a perfect opportunity to use this.
On December 16th, I went online and placed an order to be delivered to my parents on December 21st. I received an email confirmation and everything seemed to be in order. On December 21st, I received two emails from 1-800-Flowers entitled “Your gift has arrived!” indicating that the gift I sent my parents were delivered and received. Since they sent two separate emails I really thought that everything was okay. I called my mother the next day to ask her if she had received them and lo and behold they had actually NOT been delivered.
I called 1-800-Flowers on the morning of December 22nd and was told that no that had not been delivered (even though I had received two separate emails telling me that they were indeed delivered) and would be delivered on December 22nd. After talking to my mother later that afternoon she told me again that they were not delivered. I called customer service a second time and was told that they would be delivered that evening. Again – I spoke to my mother that evening and had yet to deliver. I called customer service a third time on December 22nd and was told that they would not be delivered on the 22nd and may not show up until December 24th. Since my parents were actually leaving for a vacation on the 26th, I decided out of frustration to just cancel the order and get a refund (as suggested by the customer service representative). I was told I would get a full refund since the order was cancelled.
I continued to check my credit card statement and did not see any refund for my order. A week passes and still no refund. I called 1-800-Flowers again on December 30 inquiring about m y refund and was told that it had never been processed! So after one online order, 4 phone calls and two weeks, they have not delivered anything and have still yet to refund me my money. On top of this, my Living Social gift certificate has been wasted!
The final kicker is that each time I spoke to a customer representative they apologized and told me they would send me a $20 coupon for my next order…..guess what….after four different people told me they were going to send me one….I still haven't even received one! I guess I shouldn't be surprised. And to be quite honest, I doubt I will every order from them again anyway, so I guess wouldn't be needing a coupon anyway!
A highly frustrating experience and I will definitely stick to using a local florist instead of dealing with 1-800-Flowers again!
EU Council head Donald Tusk has said obligatory migrant quotas "have no future" amid efforts to mend fences with eastern European states.
"I don't see any special future for this project, but it's important to find an understanding that does not separate Poland and other Visegrad group countries from the rest of Europe," Tusk, a former Polish prime minister, told the Polish press agency, Pap, in the margins of a meeting on social affairs in Brussels on Wednesday (18 October).
Juncker met with Visegrad leaders for a goodwill dinner on Wednesday. (Photo: ec.europa.eu)
"This completely unnecessary conflict between member states must end," he added.
The Visegrad group - the Czech Republic, Hungary, Slovakia, and Poland - have refused to take in asylum seekers from Greece and Italy despite an EU vote do so.
The quota scheme formally ended in September, but some countries have continued to take people, with 234 mostly Syrian refugees flying from Athens to Lyon, France, on Wednesday.
EU leaders will discuss reform of the bloc's asylum laws at a summit in Brussels on Thursday.
The current regime puts the whole burden of the migration crisis on frontline states, amid talk of potential cuts in EU funding and the prospect of European Commission fines against countries that refuse to show solidarity.
Tusk said Poland had to decide whether to "jointly solve the problems related to migration, which means securing borders, but also helping those countries who have too many refugees" or to opt for a "firm break from European solidarity".
He said he sympathised with some of Poland's "arguments", but he added that there would be "certain consequences" if they continued to violate EU decisions.
"Those are the rules in Europe," he said.
Poland's EU affairs minister, Konrad Szymanski, seized on Tusk's words on Wednesday evening, saying the migrant quotas "were never alive in the first place".
"The system of relocating refugees has not helped anyone, not a single group of refugees, nor any of those countries who still face an unequal burden today," he said.
Juncker dinner
Szymanski spoke after a dinner held by Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker with the Visegrad leaders in Brussels the same day.
He said Szydlo had listed a series of concerns that included migration, energy security, and French proposals to limit the freedom of eastern European workers to earn a living in richer EU states.
He said the Commission had "full support from Poland" in its bid to negotiate the terms of a future Russian-German gas pipeline, Nord Stream 2.
He also said Juncker's mini-summit "opened the path to exit from the many political and economic tensions between the countries from our part of Europe and other parts of the EU".
There was no press conference after the dinner, but Juncker tweeted that there was: "On the menu: consensus through #compromise and #cooperation. #unity".
Radovan Javorcik, the Slovak ambassador to the EU, said the meeting also discussed future EU budget allocations for eastern Europe and complaints that counties such as Austria, Germany, Denmark, and Sweden planned to prolong identity checks on internal EU borders.
"It is better sometimes to clarify some things in smaller formats, and then it can be translated into a more concrete discussion within the European Council," he said.
Ales Chmelar, the Czech secretary of state, said the EU needed to "communicate more in some things" and that Juncker would hold more such events in future.
Africa, Brexit
Speaking at a press conference following the social affairs meting on Wednesday, Tusk also praised Italy for having reduced the number of migrants crossing the Mediterranean from Libya.
He said EU leaders should agree to pour more money into an Africa fund that tied aid to reducing the number of people coming to Europe.
"The Commission should make sure the money is well targeted to stemming irregular migration," he said.
Thursday's summit will also tackle Brexit talks.
Tusk said he would propose to EU leaders that they started "preparatory work" for talks with the UK on its post-Brexit transition deal and on future EU trade relations.
But he said the UK had not been detailed enough in its proposals on citizens' rights, the Irish border, and on its EU exit bill to start phase two of the negotiations right away.
"There is clearly not the sufficient progress we had hoped for," he said.
Channel 4's The Handmaid's Tale is not really fiction, or dystopia, at all
Channel 4's The Handmaid's Tale is not really fiction, or dystopia, at all
The Handmaid's Tale is a terrifying piece of dystopian fiction. But what makes it so much harder to stomach is the fact that it's not really fiction, or dystopia, at all.
In fact, the events of the book-turned-TV drama, which aired on Sunday night on Channel 4, are currently happening around the world as we speak – and it's not hyperbole to say the eventual possibility of a real life Gilead creeps ever closer with each day.
The Handmaid's Tale is set in a near future when the government has been overthrown after a staged attack that kills the President and most of Congress, and now a totalitarian theocracy has turned the former United States Of America into Gilead.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
The United States Constitution has been suspended under the pretext of restoring order and very, very quickly, the rights of women across the country are stripped and society is reorganised with a militarised hierarchical regime of Old Testament-inspired social and religious fanaticism.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The opportunity to watch the drama unfold on TV had many viewers gripped and also unsettled, as the TV show introduced the women who can still bear children and are kept for reproductive purposes; now known as ‘handmaids', these women lose everything that made them who they were – names, families, children, jobs – and are given new names that identify them simply as the women owned (Offred and Ofglen, for example, are women ‘of' Fred and Glen.)
The handmaids tale so far – unsettling yet gripping. — Joanne Wardle (@joannewardle) May 28, 2017
Twenty minutes in and The Handmaids Tale is just as disturbing as the book. #channel4 — Janet Minto (@JanetMinto) May 28, 2017
Already raging at the injustice #handmaidstale — Helen F (@positivefridays) May 28, 2017
Have been looking forward to seeing #handmaidstale but also scared, I'm fully anxiety ridden. — Roisin (@RoRoSuperRo) May 28, 2017
For centuries women have given up their names for men and childbirth has been ruled by men, while the uniforms that the Handmaids are forced to wear also remind us of the regimes which have for years forced women to cover-up under the name of religion, and those with only a passing knowledge of the current state of US politics will still be able to see the similarities between the horrors of the book and the horrors of real life.
The shocking election of President Donald Trump in November 2016 has seen the rights of women across America already cut in the five months since he took office; there have been crackdowns on abortion access throughout the states, and one of Trump's first moves was to cut US overseas funding to NGO's that provide abortion services.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Both of these actions were heavily supported by the country's so-called religious right.
The handmaids are forced to wear a uniform (Picture: Hulu)
Elsewhere, Yazidi women are being used by Isis as collateral damage in the terror groups campaign to eradicate the Yazidi people and ‘purify' the regions of Iraq where the ethnically Kurdish religious community live.
They are routinely rounded up as slaves and suffer unspeakable brutality as they are given to faithful Isis soldiers in Isis-controlled territories.
And in Nigeria it is thought that more than 2,000 women and girls have been abducted by Boko Haram, including the 276 schoolgirls who were kidnapped from their secondary school in Chibok in 2014; these girls and women live a daily life under oppression from men and Unicef released a report in 2016 that revealed that the girls who are released return to a life of suspicion and discrimination.
Speaking in 2017 to the LA Times, the author of The Handmaid's Tale Margaret Atwood admitted that ‘totalitarianism always has views on who shall be allowed to have babies and what shall be done with the babies'.
In The Handmaid's Tale the handmaids are forced to bear children for the families they are owned by, and the children are then raised by the women of the men they are forced to have sex with.
Alexis Bledel as Ofglen (Picture: Hulu)
‘For instance, the generals in Argentina were dumping people out of airplanes. But if it was a pregnant woman, they would wait until she haaby and then they gave the baby to somebody in their command system. And then they dumped the woman out of the airplane,' said Atwood.
Advertisement
‘Hitler stole his children, blond ones, hoping that he could turn them into blond Germans. It's been going on for really a long time. The United States has traditionally taken the view that your private life was your private life as long as you didn't frighten the horses, do unacceptable things in public. But they seem to have made an exception for that in the case of women's bodies. So you have in fact a purportedly liberal democracy claiming agency over other people's bodies.'
Women in Gilead are treated as second-class citizens (Picture: Hulu)
In Gilead, the protests came too late to stop the coup by the Christian fundamentalist movement calling itself the Sons of Jacob, but in real life, let's not forget that the day after Trump's election, millions of women across the globe marched attacking Trump's controversial campaign and offensive ‘grab them by the p***y' comments, and voices are continuously spreading across social media which allow us to discover and fight back against the oppression of women across the world.
As Atwood said in 1986 to The New York Times: ‘I delayed writing [The Handmaid's Tale] for about three years after I got the idea because I felt it was too crazy.
‘Then two things happened. I started noticing that a lot of the things I thought I was more or less making up were now happening, and indeed more of them have happened since the publication of the book. You could say it's a response to “it can't happen here”. ‘When they say “it can't happen here,” what they usually mean is Iran can't happen here, Czechoslovakia can't happen here. And they're right, because this isn't there. But what could happen here?'
Advertisement
That question is one that doesn't bare thinking about… but one we must remember every day.
MORE: The Handmaid's Tale trailer has got people talking about Donald Trump
MORE: Donald Trump tweets anger over millions of Women's March campaigners
Recently Brendan Greene and Bluehole studios announced to fans that they would be implementing new anti-cheat measures for the third-person shooter PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds. Last week they reiterated their point saying that they have a zero tolerance for cheaters and are continuing to build upon the existing system.
‘As we announced before, we are in the process of adopting new tools to detect and verify users with unusual gameplay patterns and today, we will be rolling out additional measures. We will continue to permanently ban those who are using cheats. When unusual gameplay patterns are detected from an account, that account will be temporarily suspended and investigated,'
Now It seems that the implemented system has been hard at work since with BattleEye, the official name of the anit-cheat measure, banning more than 100,000 accounts over the course of the weekend. This brings the total of banned accounts up to a staggering 700,00 players.
After releasing new security updates last week, we banned almost 100,000 PUBG accounts this past weekend totaling over 700,000. That being said, fighting cheaters will always remain WIP and never be solved completely, especially in the most popular Battle Royale game. — BattlEye (@TheBattlEye) November 14, 2017
PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds is set to release in Early Access for the Xbox One on December 12th and the game will also be enhanced for the Xbox One X. The PC version is also set to leave Early Access by late December.
REDDIT SANTA, SHOW YOUR BAD SELF! Thank you for my two big giant bags of coffee! I had already had to coffee for this morning but you know what? I had to make a couple more upon gift arrival, naturally, because who gets a new coffee they've never had before and DOESN'T try it? Crazy people, that's who. I tried the medium roast first and I have to say it was soooo tastey! Now the darker roast, "best friend blend" is my new favorite oh my lanta I am seein stars with this one! And the SMELL of these coffees, WOW! AMAZING! I did a LIVE video on my facebook coffee junkies group of me opening my package, too. You should be proud of yourself Santa, thank ya, thank ya ;)
Fran Drescher is back with a talk show to celebrate that nasal accent we all loved and hated on “The Nanny.”
“The Fran Drescher Tawk Show,” is set to debut on Fox today.
The 90s sitcom star indicates one of the major topics she'd like to discuss is health, being a cancer survivor herself. Interestingly enough, veganism has sparked her interest as the medium in which people may be able to obtain better health.
“I'm not a vegan, but I'm curious about it,” she said, according to Fox News.
Vegetarian Star will suggest Fran read Living Vegan For Dummies, to get a glimpse of everything from nutritional needs, meal plans and tips for traveling and eating out.
What advice would you give to the vegan curious Drescher?
Photo: PR Photos
Possibly Related Posts:
SHANGHAI -- They call her “poison tongue.” Jin Xing has verbally bitch-slapped TV hosts, stormed off sets and carved out a reputation as a straight-talker who does things her own way.
“My words aren't like massage oil -- they're like acupuncture needles,” Jin Xing (pronounced “jeen shing”) told The WorldPost. “They go right to the nerve and twist it.”
But right now Jin is silent. She sits in her chair backstage at the Shanghai People's Theatre, glaring at a script while her team prepares her for the night ahead. They're dabbing on makeup, snipping stray strands of hair and lining up three costume changes. She'll be taking the stage to deliver almost two hours of stinging social commentary interspersed with performances by her dance troupe. Tonight's show marks her first live theater performance since the debut of her new TV talk show, "The Jin Xing Show."
Jin says she's “always nervous” before taking the stage, but these aren't the jitters of someone new to the spotlight -- she has been performing at the peak of the dance world for decades, and her television appearances have been lighting up TVs and iPads for years. These are the nerves of a perfectionist, someone who demands that each punch line is on point and every gesture is executed so precisely that it appears effortless.
Looking straight at the mirror in front of her, she delivers instructions to Xiao Nan, the tuxedoed young man who plays her assistant and foil.
“When the drum roll is going for your entrance, let it roll for a minute before you come out,” Jin advises. “You need that expectation to build.”
For Jin, 47, the expectations have been building for close to three decades. Over that time, she's charted a course that was almost unimaginable at the beginning. Jin, a transgender woman, has gone from being crowned China's best male dancer while performing with the People's Liberation Army troupe, to becoming China's most celebrated female talk show host and the mother of three children.
These days, on the weekly "Jin Xing Show," she riffs on the cultural milieu of modern China, ragging on the nouveau riche and dispensing motherly advice. Dressed in an exquisitely tailored qipao, Jin offers up earthy wisdom, biting sarcasm and stories from her own larger-than-life background. The show's aesthetic harks back to 1920s Shanghai -- a gilded age of international glitz and organized crime -- and Jin glides across the stage with a dancer's grace.
But it was when Jin's formidable temper smashed that serene surface last year that she went viral. While serving as a judge on China's first season of "So You Think You Can Dance," Jin tore into the show's host for trying to pull a sob story out of a contestant who'd been injured.
“Chinese TV always digs at people's scars, consumes their pain. This is the biggest weakness of Chinese TV and I hate it!” Jin spat out, doing nothing to conceal her contempt. “I hope that on 'So You Think You Can Dance' we won't use people's pain, we won't use people's sympathy, we won't use people's suffering.”
The show's host was stunned. Audiences loved it. Nine months later she was on the air with her nationally broadcast talk show.
Jin's star is rising (literally translated, her name means “gold star” or “Venus”), and it draws fuel from a deep well of ambition. She sees herself becoming the Oprah Winfrey of China, and then using that popularity and power to enter politics.
“A long time ago, people told me I'd become a politician and I said, ‘I know, but not yet.' All of this, this talk show, everything, it's all preparation,” Jin told The WorldPost.
China's government often rewards apolitical celebrities like basketball player Yao Ming and actor Jackie Chan with token appointments to ceremonial political bodies. Jin said she won't be taking that route.
“I don't want to go through the ordinary ways," she said. "I have my own ways. People say I'll be the most influential woman in this country. I say, ‘I know it, but not yet. I'm working on it.'”
Ambition on that scale would border on delusion if it weren't for Jin's remarkable past.
Growing up in China's cold northeast, Jin knew from an early age that she wasn't like the other little boys.
Girls' toys held more appeal and Jin envied her big sister's femininity. During a storm, 6-year-old Jin stood out in the rain hoping lightning would strike and transform her into a girl. But the lightning never came and Jin trudged back inside soaking wet.
Jin became a member of the army's performance troupe at the age of 9, enduring training regimens that she said would be clear-cut child abuse in the U.S. But the sacrifice paid off. In 1986, at the age of 18, Jin won China's national dance competition with a performance of Mongolian ethnic dance.
Two years later, Jin arrived in New York with a prestigious scholarship to study modern dance and an English vocabulary that consisted of, “Hello, excuse me, thank you, bye.”
“If I think of the one thing I'm proud of, it's that ... the day I stood on Madison Avenue I started being in charge of my own life,” Jin said. “I have no leader, I don't take any salary from my unit, and by age 22 I was paying other people.”
Jin left the U.S. three years later, after winning major accolades for her choreography of the dance piece “Half Dream.” Following teaching stints in Italy and Belgium (she speaks five languages), Jin returned to China with one goal in mind: to bring her public persona in line with her private self.
Jin chose to have gender confirmation surgery -- and she wanted to undergo the procedure in China. In 1994, Chinese doctors had almost no experience with such operations, she said, but still she felt a pull to make the change at home that was part spiritual, part superstitious.
“I need the chi, I need the earth. I need them to protect me,” she said. “In a Western environment maybe the technology is there, but my soul is too lonely.”
Jin emerged from the operation to find that one leg had been partially paralyzed. Doctors told her she would be walking with a limp from that day forth, but three grueling months later she was back on stage dancing.
Stares and raised eyebrows followed her for a time, but Jin gained instant approval from the only two people who she said mattered: her parents.
“I fully respect the copyright. If those two people don't mind me changing their creation, then why should I mind other people's opinions?”
Over the next decade Jin founded an independent dance troupe, opened a bar, closed that bar, adopted three children by herself, and met her future husband, a German businessman working in Shanghai.
In between family time and international tours, she began appearing as a judge on talent shows. Those programs are where Jin first earned the “poison tongue” moniker for cutting through the fluff that dominates Chinese TV.
Elisa Montalvo, an American dancer and choreographer who has worked with the Black Eyed Peas, first saw Jin when she stormed off the set of "So You Think You Can Dance." Two dancers who had previously worked together were “randomly” paired up, and Jin refused to participate in the charade.
“Jin Xing always does things the right way and the true way, even if it goes against what people expect or what's comfortable for them,” Montalvo told The WorldPost.
“There's this fear of [disrupting] the harmony, so people always go around the back door. But she's very direct. ... There's no b.s.”
But even she has to bite her poison tongue from time to time, Jin admits. Politics is a strict no-go zone for sharp remarks, and apparently benign bits of social commentary can turn sensitive with a change in political winds. Jin credits her decade-plus of military training with helping her walk that line.
“I know where the boundaries are,” Jin said. “I'm not against the government. I'm not against the [Communist] Party. I'm just saying the reality, the facts.”
For the past two years, Chinese President Xi Jinping has overseen a tightening of state control over popular culture and a crackdown on any form of activism outside official channels. That effort would appear to throw a wrench in Jin's plans for turning her public persona into political power.
She knows the value of patience, however, and she describes her show as the perfect platform from which to build her fan base and bide her time. At her recent live performance in Shanghai, Jin deployed two hours' worth of material on topics like marriage and materialism. She closed the night with an audience interaction performance of “Little Apple,” the country's biggest line dance pop hit.
“I know this country, I know what time it is. I don't want to make [people] happy for one day and the next day the show is closed down,” Jin said. “I need to slowly spend time to build up the foundations. One day this show is going to be grown up, and then no one can touch it. Nobody can touch it.”
Shang Rui contributed research from Beijing.
Protests over Confederate symbols have erupted in several cities, following white nationalist violence in Charlottesville on Aug. 12. (Amber Ferguson/The Washington Post)
Protests over Confederate symbols have erupted in several cities, following white nationalist violence in Charlottesville on Aug. 12. (Amber Ferguson/The Washington Post)
The violence by neo-Nazis, Klansmen and other racists in Charlottesville outraged decent people across the United States.
For the extremists' ostensible cause — protecting Confederate monuments, such as the Robert E. Lee statue in that Virginia college town's Emancipation Park — the fallout has been quick and counter-productive.
Wednesday night, Baltimore carried out its plans to remove four statues of Confederate generals and related figures from public spaces, by order of Mayor Catherine Pugh (D). Gov. Larry Hogan (R) announced that the enormous seated sculpture of Chief Justice Roger B. Taney in front of the state legislature in Annapolis should also go.
While not a Confederate, Taney, a Marylander, was revered in the Civil War-era South for his decision barring African American citizenship in the 1857 Supreme Court case Dred Scott v. Sandford.
In short, five places of honor in prominent Maryland locations will soon be vacant — and there will be decisions to make about what, if anything, to put in them.
Crews in Baltimore removed a statue of former Supreme Court Chief Justice Roger B. Taney in the early hours of Aug. 16. Taney was the author of the Dred Scott decision, which denied granting blacks citizenship. (FlyingDogMK/Twitter, Mike Shiraki/Facebook)
Fortunately, there is no shortage of Marylanders whose records during the Civil War and Reconstruction make them worthy of memorialization today.
[Confederate or not, which monuments should stay or go? We asked, you answered.]
Indeed, they should have been put on pedestals long ago and might have been, if not for the Southern-led post-Civil War campaign to whitewash the Confederacy, which produced statues all over the nation, such as those just removed in Baltimore and the one that still stands in Charlottesville.
Obvious candidates include African American abolitionists such as Frederick Douglass and Harriet Tubman, who have been belatedly but appropriately honored with a public sculpture in Baltimore and a museum in Dorchester, respectively. New statues of Douglass and Tubman for Annapolis and the U.S. Capitol have also been proposed.
Less famous but no less worthy is Judge Hugh Lennox Bond, the Baltimorean who did as much as any other white Marylander of his time for the anti-slavery and Union causes, and perhaps more.
Born in 1828, Bond was a judge in Baltimore's criminal court when the Civil War broke out, and in that position he supported murder indictments against pro-rebel rioters who attacked the Union troops rushing to defend Washington in 1861. Amid the crisis, he also upheld the right of loyalists to fly the stars and stripes, despite a ban by the Southern-sympathizing city's administration.
Still a judge in 1864, he welcomed Maryland's new constitution, with its ban on slavery, by urging his fellow citizens to “let us now bow at the shrine of freedom.” Maryland courts nevertheless ordered thousands of black children declared “orphans” and assigned them to white planters as “apprentices,” but Bond issued writs of habeas corpus so they could return to their parents.
Baltimore Mayor Catherine E. Pugh (D) said on Aug. 16 that she acted appropriately in having the city remove four Confederate monuments in an overnight operation. (Reuters)
After the Civil War, he campaigned for African American voting rights; when supporters of the newly ratified 15th Amendment paraded in celebration through Baltimore on May 19, 1870, Bond stood with Douglass on the speakers' platform.
“He rejoiced with them over their freedom,” the Baltimore American reported. Bond said it was “not alone theirs, but also of the white race.”
Two months later, on July 13, 1870, the Senate confirmed Bond as the first judge of the newly created federal court for the 4th Circuit, encompassing Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia and the Carolinas.
In that capacity, his greatest moment came as the presiding judge in trials of hundreds of Ku Klux Klan terrorists in North and South Carolina during 1871 and 1872.
The Klan's defense lawyers — including Marylander Reverdy Johnson, a former associate of Taney who represented Dred Scott's enslaver in the famous case — moved to dismiss the Klan indictments on constitutional grounds.
[New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu on Confederate statues: ‘The monuments were murder']
Bond upheld the relevant statute and later sentenced convicted Klan leaders to prison — a true legal revolution. Fifteen years after Taney purported to strip black Americans of their rights in Dred Scott, Bond declared that they were entitled to federal protection against violence by whites in the South.
This earned Bond hatred and threats, which he courageously brushed off. Bond could not, alas, overcome later Supreme Court decisions that tended to undermine the stand he took at the Klan trials.
Still, Bond deserves far better treatment from history than the obscurity that set in almost from the moment of his death in 1893. No public installation in Maryland — not a park, school or courthouse — bears his name.
That can and should change. One of the statues removed Wednesday night was the large likeness of Taney that sat in midtown Baltimore's Mount Vernon Place, near the spot where Bond joined the voting rights celebration in 1870.
Now that Taney is gone, all that remains is an empty pedestal — the perfect place for a new monument, this one honoring a jurist of whom all Marylanders can truly be proud, Hugh Lennox Bond.
Read more from Charles Lane's archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.
The Common Core Standards were put in place by the government to ensure that all students are “college and career ready.” However, a new study suggests that students are not only not ready for college, they are about five grades behind in reading level. The study shows that the average college freshman reads at just a seventh grade reading level.
Renaissance Learning recently released a report that indicates that students are leaving high school without ever obtaining a high school level of reading. In fact, students are significantly behind, clocking in at just a seventh grade reading level on average. Though students were capable of reading seventh grade level books, that isn't what they are reading. The average reading level of books most read by high school seniors was just 5.2 (Grade 5, Month 2). That is only a one month increase over the junior year which clocks in at a 5.1 on the accelerated reader ATOS scale.
Breitbart Texas sat down with education expert Dr. Sandra Stotsky to discuss the findings. Stotsky is not surprised by the findings, as she was on the Common Core Validation Committee in 2009-10. During that time, she refused to approve standards she called “inferior,” along with colleague James Milgram, Professor of Mathematics at Stanford University. Stotsky's concerns regarding the Common Core Standards are a result of inadequacies in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) career readiness.
Stotsky says that we are spending billions trying to get students to go to college. However, she says they aren't prepared when they get there.
“We are spending billions of dollars trying to send students to college and maintain them there when, on average, they read at about the grade 6 or 7 level, according to Renaissance Learning's latest report on what American students in grades 9-12 read, whether assigned or chosen.”
It appears that reading level begins to stall at the fourth grade level. The study showed that in third grade, students were reading at a 3.1 level. However, in fourth grade, the average book level read was just 3.6. Fifth grade the gap gets larger, with students reading books at a 4.0 level and sixth grade clocks in at 4.3. Seventh grade starts with 4.6 grade reading level, and by 12th grade, students are only averaging 5.2 on the reading scale. This means between fifth grade and 12th grade students, have only increased their average preferred reading level by 1.2 grades in seven years.
Stotsky says it is not just public schools to blame. In fact, she points out that colleges are not requiring a higher standard of reading.
“Nor are they [colleges] sending a signal to the nation's high schools that high school level reading is needed for college readiness. Indeed, they seem to be suggesting that a middle school level of reading is satisfactory, even though most college textbooks and adult literary works written before 1970 require mature reading skills.”
Stotsky points out that this makes it difficult for universities to ensure that all graduates have a college-level reading capability upon graduation. Instead, the average reading level of a college graduate is that of a senior in high school.
Do these numbers surprise you? What steps do you think public schools and colleges should take to help boost reading levels in students?
North Korea has dispatched an official delegation to Havana to express condolences over the death of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro, state-run outlet Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) reported on Monday.
The delegation is led by Choe Ryong Hae, a member of the Presidium of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), and left Pyongyang for Havana on Monday.
Rodong Sinmun, North Korea's most widely read newspaper and an organ of the ruling party, reported on Monday that a joint decision concerning Castro's death was issued on Sunday by the Central Committee of the ruling Workers' Party and the rubber-stamp Presidium of Supreme People's Assembly (SPA).
“The death of Fidel Castro Ruz is a tremendous loss for people of both countries who are struggling for the Cuban revolution and great communal achievement,” Rodong Sinmun reported on Monday.
Rodong Sinmun announced that a mourning period of three days would take place in North Korea, describing Castro as a “prominent leader” and a “famous political activist.”
“[The Central Committee of the WPK and the Presidium of SPA] proclaimed [a] three-day mourning period from November 28 to 30, 2016,” Rodong Sinmun said. “[The DPRK] hoists a flag at half-mast at the important government office buildings and designated places.”
Kim Jong-un also on Sunday sent a message to offer his condolences about the “unexpected” death of Castro to the Cuban government and people and his bereaved family.
“Comrade Fidel Castro Ruz put every effort into strengthening and improving amicable and cooperative relations between the two countries and governments and peoples for a long time, more than half a century,” Rodong Sinmun quoted Kim Jong-un as saying.
Kim Jong-un called Castro the North Korean people's “intimate friend and comrade.”
“I express my confidence that revolutionary Cuban people can get over the grief of loss,” Kim said. “And [they] can construct of people's prosperous, rich and powerful ideal society and achieve the victory of socialism following the wish of comrade Fidel Castro and under the wise leadership of Raúl Castro Ruz.”
Cuba and North Korea maintained good relations after Fidel Castro visited the North in March 1986. Kim Jong-un had rare meetings with Cuban delegations twice from 2015 to November 2016.
Kim met Salvador Antonio Valdes Mesa, vice president of the Council of State of Cuba, and other Cuban officials visiting the North as special envoys of Raúl Castro on June 30, 2016.
On September 7 in 2015, Kim also held bilateral talks with Diaz-Canel Bermudez, first vice president of the Council of State of Cuba, on the occasion of the 55th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries.
Cuba cut off official diplomatic relations with South Korea in January 1959 after the Cuban revolution, and South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se held one-on-one talks with his Cuban counterpart, Bruno Rodriguez, for the first time in the history on June 5, 2016.
South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs conveyed the South Korean government's condolences on Monday.
“The [South Korean] government extend our condolences to “Cuban people,” Yonhap quoted an unnamed MOFA official as saying, noting that the MOFA didn't mention the Cuban government.
The MOFA, however, were unable to immediately give a comment on the issue at the request of NK News.
Featured Image: UN Photo, Published on 06 September 2000
Allison A. Campbell, an associate laboratory director at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, has been elected the 2016 American Chemical Society president-elect by members of ACS. Campbell will serve as president of the society in 2017 and immediate past-president in 2018; she will also serve on the board of directors during that time.
With 9,776 votes, Campbell won the race against G. Bryan Balazs, an associate program leader at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, who received 8,483 votes. The society, which publishes C&EN, also elected or reelected four other board directors.
“I'm humbled and honored at the same time that people would have the confidence in me to select me as their spokesperson,” Campbell says. “I'm really excited, and I can't wait to get started. I want to have more conversations about the importance of chemistry in our lives and hopefully elevate that importance to members of Congress so they can continue to support the sciences and in particular chemistry.”
Montes
Latimer
Campbell earned a B.A. in chemistry from Gettysburg College in 1985 and a Ph.D. in chemistry from the University at Buffalo, SUNY, in 1991.
In other ACS election results, two directors-at large were elected: Lee H. Latimer, head of chemistry at NeurOp Inc., and incumbent Ingrid Montes, a professor of chemistry at the University of Puerto Rico, Río Piedras. They defeated Willem R. Leenstra, an associate professor of chemistry at the University of Vermont, Burlington; Mary Jo Ondrechen, a professor of chemistry and chemical biology at Northeastern University; and Thomas W. Smith, a professor of chemistry and microsystems engineering at Rochester Institute of Technology.
Laura E. Pence, a professor of chemistry at University of Hartford, won the seat for District I director over incumbent Thomas R. Gilbert, an associate professor at the College of Science, Northeastern University.
Adams
Pence
And incumbent John E. Adams, Curators' Teaching Professor at the University of Missouri, secured his seat as District V director over Kenneth P. Fivizzani, who is retired from Nalco.
Some 18,259 valid votes were cast for President-Elect. Voter participation for president-elect was more than 11% of all eligible voters.
The pharmaceutical industry is one of the most powerful interest groups in Washington -- one that has rarely shied away from wielding its influence with Congress and the FDA. But are the industry's lobbying efforts always good for business?
+ Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) The CDER is the division of the FDA responsible for review and approval of new drugs, and for monitoring the safety of new drugs once they're on the market. Its Web site offers a brief history of the CDER.
Under the terms of PDUFA, the drug industry agreed to help finance the approval process -- through "user fees" accompanying each new drug application -- in exchange for an FDA promise to speed up its deliberations. Widely considered one of the most significant pieces of legislation in FDA history, it would effect a remarkable transformation: In 1992, it had been taking the FDA an average of 30 months to approve a new drug. By 1996, the agency had cut the time nearly in half, to 16 months, prompting outgoing commissioner David Kessler to announce (accurately) that "the U.S. is now a world leader in drug review."
Probably the single most important shift in the FDA of the last decade has been the change in how the agency approves new drugs -- or, more precisely, how quickly it approves new drugs. In the late 1980s, the pressure to speed up drug approvals was rising. And it wasn't just the drugmakers complaining. It was doctors and patients who were agitating, too, over everything from why the FDA hadn't approved the chicken pox vaccine (even though European nations had approved its use for years) to why it wasn't moving faster on potentially life-saving AIDS treatments -- a grievance that famously led to mass protests outside FDA headquarters in Rockville, Maryland. These public displays of disaffection, combined with behind-the-scenes lobbying by pharmaceutical manufacturers and their trade groups, finally produced the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) of 1992.
It's worth keeping that in mind when looking at some of the more recent battles pitting the drug industry against its regulators. Although drug company executives and representatives speak in genial tones when they talk about the FDA publicly, they have also lobbied to make the agency more docile and business-friendly. Because the pharmaceutical industry is one of Washington's most powerful interest groups, many of these efforts have succeeded. But given the history of pharmaceuticals in America, it's fair to ask whether, in the long run, these successes will help the drug industry or hurt it -- by undermining the outside watchdog that guarantees the credibility essential to its financial survival.
As we all now know, none of these dreadful consequences ever materialized. On the contrary, as Philip Hilts recounts in his sweeping history of the Food and Drug Administration, Protecting America's Health (2003), the American pharmaceutical industry not only survived the efforts at regulation during the 20th century, it actually thrived as a result of them. Every time the government demanded something more of the drug industry -- every time it raised its standards for safety or efficacy -- the industry responded by making better products that enjoyed more consumer confidence, which ultimately meant not just better medicines for patients but bigger profits for the drug companies. "The regulations and the government shepherding of the drug business did what the free market failed for at least sixty years to do," Hilts wrote of the 1938 law, although he might well have been writing about any one of the major drug safety acts during the last century. "It weeded out the brutal, the stupid, and the needless that prevented the pharmaceutical industry from becoming a great engine of discovery and sales."
The relationship between drug manufacturers and those who would regulate them had not improved much by the 1930s, when Congress was on the verge of passing the first law requiring drugmakers to demonstrate that their products were safe before selling them. The bill, industry groups wrote in a letter, "will put thousands of men and women out of work. It will close dozens of manufacturing plants and hundreds of stores. … It will help none." And in the 1960s, when Congress was about to pass a law requiring drug companies to demonstrate that drugs were not merely safe but were effective as well, the pharmaceutical industry once again warned of dire consequences -- specifically, that drug prices would rise, innovation would slow, and millions would lose their jobs.
In 1906, when Congress was about to pass the first federal law to protect food and drug safety, a trade group representing companies that made medicines (or what passed for them back then) warned darkly: "Such a law would practically destroy the sale of proprietary remedies in the United States."
Hockey statistical analysis isn't really capturing all hockey, or seeking to package it; it's about getting as close we can to the essence of the thing. All the ideas, conclusions, best practices that we've cobbled together over the years give us an approximation of the actions a team, a player, or a fan could make going forward to better grasp the game.
Within this fact lies the greatest bone of contention for the hockey stats crowd, and the frequent refrain of critics who can only chirp from the sidelines. “Have you considered measuring this? Have you considered measuring that? Have you removed the games when the Rangers lacked sufficient compete level? Have you adjusted for Hamburglar's pre- and post-lifetime gift certificate to McDonald's?” While some of these adjustments may be worthy, and others utterly ridiculous, “shot quality” has been a persistent critique of the use of all shot attempts.
Admittedly, there are some interesting developments in Ryan Stimson's work on puck movement, which might shed some light on an area yet explored. Though it's not necessarily his focus, I think his data can give us an idea of how possession is maintained effectively. The remainder of shot quality, or at least the way it's being conceptualized, lies in these remaining areas: type of shot, where shot is located on net, screened/tipped/direct/clear-look shot data, shooting talent, and where on the ice the shot is taken from. The former two, according to Gabe Desjardins, didn't really demonstrate themselves when he came across the data (nor when I asked him a month ago). Shot location has already died a partial death by Desjardins, who found it seems to have minimal impact on save percentage, though he also found a team talent component, to the tune of differences ranging up to 0.7 feet.
Let me put the location stuff to bed the rest of the way.
First off, long-time readers will already recall that Garrett has broached shot quality a few times, both in summation and with regards to goaltending (here and here). I also used shot plots from top and bottom teams to show their similarities in the location scatterplot, and earlier this week used a comparison of supposed coaching “systems” for Bruce Boudreau, Alain Vigneault, and Lindy Ruff to make a similar point. Most damning is that the remaining shot quality proponents in the analytics world have had to shift over to the puck movement research of Stimson and/or await something concrete from Chris Boyle's efforts or the “high danger” shot work at War on Ice — because there's just not much left here.
But, because I had the data, and had never seen it presented, let's look at some league-wide figures for shot location, taken from Greg Sinclair's stellar Super Shot Search site.
Hmmm, so already there should be some alarm bells going off here. We're seeing significant differences in the proportion of shots in-close (3-4% change across 60,000 shots), yet the shooting percentage is holding much more characteristic steady progression downward. A bit of this has to do with the counting numbers in this proportion; on average, 0 to 10 foot shots account for around 5,500 of the 60,000 shots. In other words, looking at just 9% of all shots does not seem to bump the major needle (shooting percentage).
Okay, now we're grabbing 30% of our 60,000, and we've improved, but we're still not seeing the needle move on shooting percentage in a way that matches our proportion of high danger shots. From 2008-09 to 2009-10, 1,200 shots moved out of the high danger area, yet league shooting percentage went down one one-hundredth at evens. Factors like variance and error are knocking around enough to offset league-wide differences of nearly 0.7% in its highest-danger shots — shots which are accounting for 30% of total. With this amount, and this kind of data, that's a pretty big indicator of why location's impact gets greatly minimized. Note: for a little more on this, see Eric Tulsky's piece on scoring chance data.
Put another way, let's revisit Gabe's observation that it seems a team might have a demonstrable talent to the tune of 0.7 feet closer on shots-against than other teams. Well, unfortunately, from one year to the next the entire league varies about…0.7 feet!
Season Even-Strength Avg Dist 2008-09 35.8 2009-10 34.9 2010-11 34.5 2011-12 35.3 2012-13 34.9 2013-14 35.3 2014-15 35.5
Whether the impact is recording or league talent, those demonstrable differences might very well be swallowed up by the variance of the league from one year to the next. No matter which way you slice it, the signal does not come through clearly, if at all, for the simple location component of shot quality.**
So that leaves us with puck movement,* tip/screen/clear-look shots, and team shooting talent as the remaining potential components of “shot quality” (unless somebody would like to include stick quality…please don't). To this end, it's important to point out that the question is not about whether shot quality exists; it does. But how much of the explanatory pie are those three components fighting over? (Answer: a heavily-regressing, at-maximum sustainable difference of about 1% above or below league-average PDO; Tulsky is also instrumental here). Would any one of the three be willing to say the other two don't exist? I highly doubt it. But as we slice the pie thinner, we move further away from primary drivers of the team game, and we run the risk of putting too much attention on something that isn't repeatable or actionable. If we're returning a more predictive logarithm, are we sure we're including something we can reasonably add in a real environment?*** If it's something that is greatly impacted by variance and error, we could easily find ourselves chasing shadows.
It's all a part of the game of approximation we're playing in analytics, trying to pick the colors that will paint a portrait that resonates. And shot quality is glitter glue.
—
Postscript
Steve Burtch brought up a good point on the data, drawing attention in particular to the evolution of goaltending.
Here is a quick explanation why the increase in HD shots isn't driving up SH% at 5v5: pic.twitter.com/rBgPGhiKWY — Stephen Burtch (@SteveBurtch) May 8, 2015
Ok so the R^2 btwn Goaltender Avg Height and HD SV% from 06-15 is 61%… so… yeah – goaltender's getting bigger is definitely signfiicant — Stephen Burtch (@SteveBurtch) May 8, 2015
This adds an important wrinkle to our understanding: while goaltenders are fairly static in their success stopping shots from 20 feet and further, they are improving in the “high danger” zone 20 feet and in. This is the kind of “evolution” that, in retrospect, I should have written more about — though I still contend that we have variance and error in there as well, even if partially muted by goalie evolution. Steve suggests goaltender size is a factor, and certainly there are other factors with regard to parity, technique, and usage improvements. This ends up being another shot quality quandary: try to force in shot in closer? But we've just seen from studies in the past (and in the distance segment above) that teams are not really exhibiting that talent very well. Shot volume through improving possession and offensive zone time is the short-term, easier-to-implement answer, but eventually that inefficiency will go away as well. As a league, this will be a difficult issue to address, but for shot quality it's just another area where pushing for shot quality will bring diminishing returns.
Bruce McCurdy also voiced skepticism about the data from 2008-09 in particular, and I think it's possible some of the data skews to greater differences in the proportion of shots at distance. At the same time, keep in mind the curve Burtch shared above: we do know that league-wide shooting percentage (including high danger shooting percentage) came in guns a-blazing in 2005-06, then fairly quickly dipped to the plateau and steady decline from around 2009-10 onward. It is conceivable that the salary cap has imposed a pretty rapid push towards parity, and that 2008-09 was catching the last curve up to the plateau. That theory does seem to match Burtch's as-yet-unpublished War on Ice high danger shots data, which suggests that high danger shots jumped from 27.7% of all shots in 2008-09 to 28.8% in 2009-10. But Bruce also posited that perhaps recorders recorded tipped shots more and more frequently as being from in-close, whereas they had recorded them as the distance of the original shooter in the past. We won't really know until somebody, or some company, looks back through the footage and does the dirty work, but it is a theory worth including.
*Of the three, as I mentioned above, puck movement might have the greatest utility for coaching and understanding how puck possession is maintained and made productive — even if that isn't necessarily Ryan's focus.
**Full data, all at even-strength; first table, percentage of all shots at selected distances, second table the shooting percentages at those distances:
Season 0-10 ft % 10-20 ft % 0-20 ft % 20-30 ft % >30 ft % 2008-09 7.2% 21.5% 28.7% 16.0% 55.3% 2009-10 8.8% 21.7% 30.5% 16.1% 53.3% 2010-11 9.5% 21.1% 30.5% 16.2% 53.3% 2011-12 9.8% 20.7% 30.5% 15.2% 54.3% 2012-13 9.6% 20.6% 30.2% 15.9% 53.8% 2013-14 9.3% 20.2% 29.4% 15.7% 54.9% 2014-15 9.1% 20.8% 29.9% 15.7% 54.3%
Season 0-10 ft Sh% 10-20 ft Sh% 20-30 ft Sh% >30 ft Sh% ES Sh% 2008-09 19.9% 16.3% 9.6% 3.5% 8.4% 2009-10 18.7% 14.9% 9.6% 3.7% 8.4% 2010-11 18.2% 14.8% 9.1% 3.4% 8.1% 2011-12 17.3% 14.9% 9.6% 3.5% 8.1% 2012-13 17.6% 15.1% 9.2% 3.6% 8.2% 2013-14 17.7% 14.7% 10.1% 3.5% 8.1% 2014-15 17.3% 14.3% 9.7% 3.7% 8.1%
***Keep in mind that goal-scoring and prevention, to the sufficient degree and consistency of being a talent, is conspicuous (i.e. expensive).
UPDATE 8/10/14 11.55am: The Wii U GameCube controller adapter will only be compatible with Super Smash Bros., Nintendo has now said.
The company has changed the listing on the accessory's official product page and apologised for the mix-up.
"The GameCube Controller Adapter for Wii U is compatible with Wii U and Super Smash Bros. for Wii U specifically - it is not compatible with any other Wii U software," a Nintendo UK spokesperson has told Eurogamer.
"The adapter is also not compatible with Wii and we apologise for any confusion."
Initially, the adapter's listing stated that it would be compatible with all games that utilised the Wii Classic Controller and Classic Pro Controller, as well as the Wii U Pro Controller. Both of these statements have now been removed.
ORIGINAL STORY 8/10/14 9.10am: Nintendo's upcoming Wii U GameCube controller adapter will make the classic pad compatible with a range of games - not just Super Smash Bros.
A new product description for the accessory states that it will allow you to use a GameCube controller with any title that supports the Wii U Pro Controller.
That means you can use a GameCube pad to control Mario Kart 8, New Super Mario Bros. U, Pikmin 3, Super Mario 3D World, Zelda: Wind Waker HD, Bayonetta 2 and Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze, amongst many others.
"This adapter will allow you to connect your GameCube controller to the Nintendo Wii U," the product description on Nintendo UK's site reads.
"Connect your GameCube controller to your Wii U console. Compatible with all games supported by the Wii U Pro Controller."
Priced at £17.99, the adapter can connect with four GameCube pads (including Wavebirds) and is due to be released alongside Super Smash Bros. for Wii U on 5th December. A new Smash-branded GameCube pad will be available to buy on that date too.
An earlier version of the listing mentioned that the adapter would also support games controlled by the Wii Classic Controller and Wii Classic Controller Pro - but all mention of these has now been removed.
House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer, D-Md., backed calls by House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., on Tuesday for an investigation into President Trump's ties to Russia and the possibility that he has been compromised by the Russians.
Hoyer told reporters during his weekly pen and pad that it would be a "dereliction of duty" on the part of House Republicans not to investigate the alleged ties to the Russians, pointing to Republican-led investigations from the 1990s into the Clinton administration and into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's role in the Benghazi terror attack in 2012.
"Let me say that I think it's very important for us...to investigate allegations that the president of the United States might be compromised in some way," Hoyer said, calling also for investigations into Russia's role in the election and the relationship between the Trump campaign and Russia. "I think those are all legitimate objectives for the Congress, as the representative of the American people, to pursue."
"One need not look back more than 20 years to see the Republicans vigorously investigated almost every tangential allegation, which did not rise to the importance of the three prongs that I just mentioned," Hoyer said. "Mr. Chaffetz and his predecessors have been unceasingly in their investigation and expenditure of money on investigations, which clearly were not worthy of such investigation."
The longtime Maryland Democrat also said that he has "no idea" how valid the claims made in the dossier, which made unverified allegations claiming ties between Trump and the Kremlin. However, he argued that Republicans would be quick to launch an investigation if the same thing had happened to Clinton.
"I have no idea of the truth of the...dossier allegations at all," Hoyer continued. "But there is no doubt in my mind — zero — that if those allegations had been made about Mrs. Clinton and she had been elected president of the United States, that Mr. Chaffetz and Republicans, generally in the Congress of the United States, would be unceasing in their investigatory zeal."
Pelosi made her original comments on Sunday, telling "Meet The Press," telling host Chuck Todd "I want to know what the Russians have on Donald Trump."
"I want to know what the Russians have on Donald Trump. I think we have to have an investigation by the FBI into his financial, personal and political connections to Russia and we want to see his tax returns so we can have truth in the relationship [with] Putin, whom he admires," Pelosi said.
A MAN was in custody last night after a dramatic stand-off lasting almost eight hours between armed police and a lone man alleged to have an explosive device strapped to his body was brought to a peaceful end.
Dozens of police surrounded Amarone restaurant, just off Buchanan Street in Glasgow, in mid-afternoon, while scores of office workers were evacuated from nearby buildings and traffic was brought to a standstill.
Strathclyde Police negotiators spoke to the man, who was sat alone in the restaurant in the city's Nelson Mandela Square throughout the evening.
Onlookers at the scene claimed the man had gone in and placed an order, before telling a member of staff that he was carrying a bomb.
The restaurant was evacuated and numerous officers stood guard at cordons around Buchanan Street, each about 200 metres from the restaurant, while hundreds of members of the public stood looking on.
Nearer to the restaurant, officers with protective clothing, explosive shields and police dogs could be seen patrolling nearby streets and around Buchanan Galleries shopping centre. A Royal Navy bomb disposal unit arrived shortly after 7pm. Fire engines and ambulances were also on standby.
About half a dozen police vans could be seen around the restaurant's entrance, only a hundred yards from the busy Buchanan Galleries complex, while a police helicopter circled overhead helping to co-ordinate the operation.
Superintendent Brian Mc-Inulty said last night: “Around 3:40pm this afternoon, police responded to a call about a man acting suspiciously within Amarone restaurant in Nelson Mandela Place.
“It is too early to speculate as to his motives, however, the police response was appropriate to the nature of the incident.
“There has been disruption to roads and transport in the city centre, and we would apologise for any inconvenience. However, our priority is the safety of people living, working and socialising in the city centre and this action was necessary due what was taking place.”
The stand-off continued until 11:25pm, when the man finally emerged from the restaurant of his own volition and was taken into custody.
A police spokesman said he had been persuaded to leave the building by force negotiators and had been taken to hospital for checks.
One eyewitness, who was in a nearby Starbucks coffee shop looking out on to Nelson Mandela Place at the time of the incident, said police had ushered them out of a rear door on to West Nile Street.
Carolyn McGhee, 23, said: “I heard an alarm going off sometime around four o'clock, I can't remember when. It was loud but just like any alarm so I didn't think much.
“But about ten past or quarter past three, police officers came in and told everyone they had to get out immediately. They said it was an ‘ongoing incident' but they didn't say what was happening.”
A spokeswoman for Amarone said that staff had been ordered by police without explanation to evacuate the restaurant and told they would not be able to open last night. They had to contact customers to cancel bookings.
snapchat
Jesus fucking Christ, teens.
I mean, Jesus. A teen out of Pennsylvania allegedly took a selfie with his fucking murder victim after killing him. Then he sent it out on SnapChat. Via The Washington Post.
Authorities say 16-year-old Maxwell Marion Morton of Jeannette, Pa., fatally shot 16-year-old Ryan Mangan in the face before taking a photo with Mangan's body and uploading it to Snapchat, a smartphone application that allows users to send images that are deleted a few seconds after they're received, according to the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review.
Look if you are using SnapChat, you know the images aren't as ephemeral as the app makes it sound. Which is exactly what happened in this case. The teen sent the image to a slightly more sane friend who tattled (rightly, I might add).
Morton sent the image to a friend, who saved it on his phone before it was deleted, according to Fox News. The friend showed the photo to his mother, who turned the image over to police.
What did the Snap look like?
[Police] received a copy of the photo which depicted the victim sitting in the chair with a gunshot wound to the face,” a police affidavit states, according to the Tribune-Review. “It also depicts a black male taking the ‘selfie,' with his face facing the camera and the victim behind the actor. The photo had the name ‘Maxwell' across the top.” Police also say the friend received more text messages from Morton, saying: “Told you I cleaned up the shells” and “Ryan was not the last one,” according to CBS Pittsburgh.
Jesus Christ. The teen has already confessed to the crime, and the district attorney said this was the first time he'd ever experienced something like this.
Morton, a high school junior and a running back on the school's football team, confessed to killing Mangan after police found a 9-millimeter handgun hidden in his home, according to the Tribune-Review. He has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder, homicide and illegal possession of a firearm, the Tribune-Review said. District Attorney John Peck told the Tribune-Review that during his 30-year career he's never known of a killer who took a self-portrait with the victim.
Yea, but pretty soon all the teens will be doing it. That's how this works.
This spring at the Starbucks annual shareholders meeting, CEO Kevin Johnson told investors a story about a store manager who shared a post on Workplace by Facebook about a drink he saw featured on Instagram and started selling at his store. The manager quickly found that other managers were doing the same and seeing good returns. Within 24 hours, the drink was officially added to the Starbucks menu.
“Something that could have taken weeks, if not months, to happen before Workplace happened in one day,” Johnson said.
Workplace has been around for years now, both internally at Facebook and with 1,000 private beta partners, but first became available for public use last fall. Workplace by Facebook was first adopted by Starbucks in January, kicking things off with a Facebook Live video forum between Johnson and store managers.
It's this sort of use case, Workplace director Julien Codorniou told VentureBeat, that's at the core of Facebook's plan to take on team collaboration and enterprise chat players like Slack and Microsoft Teams.
Workplace is different, he said, because instead of being used by a portion of a company or a team within an organization, Workplace aims for company-wide deployments so that good ideas can come from anywhere.
Feedback — both positive and negative — allows good ideas to flourish from within company ranks and gives managers actionable insights. Using the same algorithms that decide what's in your News Feed to surface good ideas, he said, gives businesses a “different way of running a company, by giving everyone a voice.”
“They [company executives] really want to know how it feels to be in the store in front of the clients, and they need to know to get the signals as fast as possible, and I think Workplace does that very well, from between the execs and the front-line employees but also between the employees in different offices who sometimes are not in the same timezone and don't even speak the same language,” Codorniou said.
The Facebook advantage: familiarity
Initially, Codorniou said in an interview at Brunswick offices in San Francisco last week, Workplace by Facebook focused on the same thing as Facebook: user base growth. That's why Workplace began with large, multinational companies like Starbucks, Club Med, Dannon, and the government of Singapore, which employs 150,000 people.
To grow its user base and attract SMBs and startups as well as large companies, a range of new features have been added since Workplace became publicly available last fall.
You can now create your own files within Workplace or stream Facebook Live video. In April, a free version of Workplace was made available, as was Multi-Company Groups, which allows different companies to create groups together. By creating bridges between companies, Workplace hopes Multi-Company Groups increases the size of its user base and eliminates the need for virtually any other form of communication outside Workplace and Work Chat.
Workplace by Facebook is currently used by more than 14,000 businesses. Facebook declined to state its total number of Workplace users today.
In addition to changes made since launch, Facebook is counting on a few factors to distinguish itself from competitors like Microsoft and Google, as well as established team communication companies like Atlassian's Hipchat and Yammer.
Among them: A user interface everyone already knows. Millennials will make up 50 percent of the U.S. workforce by 2020, a fact Codorniou believes will give Workplace an advantage going forward.
Reactions to comments and video calls are now part of Workplace and Work Chat respectively, and Workplace will continue to handpick Facebook features to make part of Workplace.
“Usually we inherit a lot of things from Facebook. We have a team that is just in charge of selecting what we keep and what we don't keep. For example, we don't keep the ads, we don't keep the gaming platform, but everything that you see on Facebook will somehow be integrated onto Workplace — Facebook or Messenger,” Codorniou said.
The growing bot ecosystem
In another shift that has taken place since the launch of Workplace last fall, Workplace will begin to invite more third-party developers to create bots for Workplace and Work Chat.
Unlike Slack or Microsoft Teams, today virtually all Workplace and Work Chat bots are made by companies for internal use. Workplace began working with platforms like PullString, Converse, and others this spring to provide companies and developers support to create their own enterprise bots for Work Chat, but IT teams at companies were encouraged to make their own integrations late last year.
Open Work Chat today and it looks a lot like an old version of Facebook Messenger, because that's essentially what it is. But as Work Chat begins to incorporate more features from Messenger, it's possible that built-in natural language processing announced for Messenger last week or a range of bot discovery tools launched earlier this year could be on the way.
For example, in Messenger, M Suggestions from Facebook's intelligent assistant M can listen to words used in a chat to make recommendations. Mention a night out and M may suggest you create a calendar event. Talk about recipes or dinner and you may hear from Food Network or Delivery.com bots.
Another Messenger tool, chat extensions, pops up when you press the red plus button in the left hand corner of a chat window, revealing two rows of services that scroll left to right. The first row has core Messenger services like payments, Lyft or Uber rides, or sharing your location. The second row brings featured bots into one-on-one or group chat to accomplish a specific task like creating a Spotify group playlist, finding a date with NearGroup, or making money transfers with Western Union.
Chat extensions could potentially showcase apps or services available in Work Chat today, like the Mood-O-Meter for company morale feedback, or introduce services popular with competitors like Slack, such as logging expenses or PTO or asking questions about HR or company benefits.
Refining chat for business use
Bots on Workplace and Work Chat function a bit differently than bots on Facebook Messenger. For one thing, you don't have to be using a messaging client to interact with them. In Workplace group discussions, bots can proactively share posts and even @mention individual employees to alert them to a specific event at your job. They can also proactively send an employee a message, whereas on Facebook Messenger a user must first give consent to receive messages from an automated bot.
Bots on many enterprise chat platforms began as simple integrations with SAAS products so teams could follow things like webpage traffic, hear about outstanding customer service tickets, or file expenses.
With time and growth, the bot ecosystem for Work Chat and Workplace could come to incorporate a series of experiences unavailable today but emerging on other enterprise chat platforms, like business-to-business services, bots that help you find gig economy jobs or temp workers, or matchmakers between a hiring manager and potential new employees.
Once more third-party bots become available on Work Chat, Codorniou said it's the companies that should decide what employees see there, not Facebook. This is a departure from the way Facebook Messenger works, where many of the featured bots are chosen by Messenger staff.
“I think we leave it to the company. Especially when I think of the big ones, I think this is something they will want to control themselves,” he said.
A Workplace by Facebook spokesperson told VentureBeat the company currently has no plans to incorporate bot discovery features like chat extensions or M suggestions, nor to share details about how bots made by independent developers will be shared on Workplace or Work Chat. Examples of Workplace bots can be seen on partner websites like Kore.ai and The Bot Platform.
Going forward, Codorniou wants Workplace to become a platform that independent developers look to for distribution and that businesses look to for an innovative open ecosystem of products and services.
“I can't really tell the future, but I think most of these apps people will be used on top of Workplace will be built by independent developers, and that's perfect. We want to be the new ecosystem of developers, just like we've done for Facebook Canvas, like we've done with Messenger and Facebook login. And I think Workplace and Work Chat in particular, with the platform we launched at F8, is the next one,” Codorniou said.
The Deal
$25.99 for a Beauté Basics 24-piece makeup brush set with PVC case ($149.95 list price), which includes the following brushes:
Angle blush
Angle brow
Angle fluff
Angle liner
Blending fluff
Bronzer
Brow/lash groomer
Buffer fan
Chisel blender
Chisel fluff
Concealer
Crease
Detail liner
Deluxe fan
Deluxe shadow
Foundation
Lash fan
Lip
Mascara
Mini camouflage
Mini smudger
Powder
Smudger
Square camouflage<p>
####Beauté Basics 24-Piece Makeup Brush Set This set of makeup brushes from Beauté Basics ensures you have the right brush for every line, contour, or shadow effect. Whether you're creating a smokey eye or a bold lip, you can easily dab on color and blend. Each brush in this collection is labeled with its function, which helps you create eye-catching looks without accidentally mixing up your brushes. The soft bristles are made from sable and golden taklon, which easily blend makeup so others can't see where your face ends and the Bill Clinton mask begins. All 24 brushes come nestled in a durable cloth PVC case, which has an individual slot for each. * 24 professional brushes from Beauté Basics * Includes brushes for powder, concealer, eye shadow, and lips * Durable PVC case with brush slots * Brush fibers blended from sable and golden taklon * Birchwood handles
How to get your goods: by purchasing this Groupon and providing your name and shipping address, your order is complete!For questions pertaining to this deal, please visit the deal Q&A on this page. For post-purchase inquiries, please contact [Groupon customer service](http://gr.pn/zmfvIT).View the [Groupon Goods FAQ](http://gr.pn/yLXWNy) for additional information, including [how list price is determined](http://gr.pn/MGDGkC).
H1 Ultra-Portable Digital Audio Recorder (Blue) is rated 4.4 out of 5 by 646 .
Rated 2 out of 5 by Anonymous from review redo, fewer stars First wrote a strong review on 11-17-2015, but after testing this device against my iphone 6 with Voice Recorder Pro app, the iphone has broader, fuller sounding recordings than the H1. I just want to capture found sounds while out and about -- not sure why the iphone is recording better. May need to compare data to see why but it's definitely not a matter of input level, any higher and the H1 would peak. Both are set to 44/16. If I can find a fuzzy cover for the iphone mic it will be a total hit. The iphone has a sturdier housing too, unlike the H1 that squeaks. Not that the H1 was a waste . . . but it may have been.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Bigsurprise from Great bang for the buck! I use this mic for recording car videos. It is not only a directional mic, but it also picks up audio from the whole environment. I didn't know that you can get such a great quality recorder for this price. The quality of the audio is superb, and you can choose files all the way up to 24bit/320kbps! It is such a sensitive mic that you can hear your fingertips lift off of the mic when you change grips. I highly recommend a shock mount of any sort, along with a foam or furry mic cover to protect against wind noise. I was worried about the battery life since it only takes a single AA, but it lasts longer than the description would have you think.
Rated 4 out of 5 by Gus C. from Interview recorder I used to use wireless lavs, but got sick of having to scan for frequencies every time. This little guy just goes in your subjects pocket if they're standing or on a side table or floor if they're seated for a talking head. No interference, long battery life, very reliable. I use it with the Rode Smartlav and TRRS adapter. The only negative, and it's a big one is that the controls are very limited due to the small size. Some of the buttons are multi-purposed and I can never remember how to format or set the date since it's not a frequent thing I need to do. Also, it's all plastic which means it's lightweight, but it also means you should not drop it.
Rated 4 out of 5 by Luis Montes from Good thing in a small package... Just received my new zoom h1. At first I was worried about the quality of the product because of the plastic build. Ran some test with the onboard mics, a lavalier, a dslr mic and a shotgun. I was blown away with the clarity and loudness of the recordings. Then I did a video test with my nikon d3300 to compare side by side the sound recorded by the onboard mic of it and the recorded in the h1. There I knew that the investment was worth. It was a brezee to upload to the mac and to synchronize with the video. I subtracted a star because the free software never worked with my computer, other than that the thing is worth the $ paid.
Rated 4 out of 5 by Josh from Awesome Quality, lots of Handling Noise This little recorder is awesome. the only thing bad about it is how sensitive it is to handling noise. I ordered a shock mount for it; hopefully that'll do the trick. But if you're keeping it put it is excellent. I also use it as a poor man's wireless mic. I wired a lapel mic to it and put it on a lecturer while shooting video of the lecture and sync it later. The only other bad thing is I get a card read error when I try to format a blank card. I don't know if that's normal or not. I tried it on another H1 and it did the same thing a few times when I tested it against mine. I also wish it had a limiter instead of auto level.
Rated 4 out of 5 by Cary from Amateur User I only used this once so far, outside. It did a really good job. As with other comments, it picks up a large amount of ambient noise...which it should since it's not a shotgun mic. I bought the accessory kit and used the foam ball. It worked great at keeping down the wind noise as there was a breeze during the recording. Only picked up the blast of the worst of the breeze. The sound was good. I am an amateur, and have lots to learn about getting the setting dialed in. I am planing on using a plug in mic, weather that be a lapel or a shotgun mic like he Rode Micro. I recommend this item for beginners. Easy to use right out of the box.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Mike g ;) of vimeo! from Judge me by my size do you?-yoda This little guy packs a punch! Just as good as any shotgun mic out there in my opinion. Emmagination from @ has THREE of these, tells you how good they are, eh? This little guy records very clear, crisp, audio and has a variety of formats and bitrates. Records professional quality audio, and I use it to film my movies with all the time now. Essential piece of gear for any filmmaker. I highly recommend it, but you MUST buy the Windtech windscreen or you pick up lots of wind noise. Very good investment for both!-mike g ;)vimeo.com/michaelgoinsWindtech windscreen(B&H) http://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/714075-REG/WindTech_MM_52_MM_52_Mic_Muff_for_Zoom.html/WIMM52
Online security is a horrifying nightmare. Heartbleed. Target. Apple. Linux. Microsoft. Yahoo. eBay. X.509. Whatever security cataclysm erupts next, probably in weeks or even days. We seem to be trapped in a vicious cycle of cascading security disasters that just keep getting worse.
Why? Well — “Computers have gotten incredibly complex, while people have remained the same gray mud with pretensions of godhood … Because of all this, security is terrible … People, as well, are broken … Everyone fails to use software correctly,” writes the great Quinn Norton in a bleak piece in Medium. “We are building the most important technologies for the global economy on shockingly underfunded infrastructure. We are truly living through Code in the Age of Cholera,” concurs security legend Dan Kaminsky.
Most of which is objectively true. And it's probably also true, as Norton states and Kaminsky implies, that a certain amount of insecurity is the natural state of affairs in any system so complex.
But I contend that things are much worse than they actually need to be, and, further, that the entire industry has developed learned helplessness towards software security. We have been conditioned to just accept that security is a complete debacle and always will be, so the risk of being hacked and/or a 0-day popping up in your critical code is just a random, uncontrollable cost of doing business, like the risk of setting up shop in the Bay Area knowing that the Big One could hit any day.
What's more, while this is not actually true, most of the time it is no bad thing.
I'm pleased that I was a Heartbleed hipster, dissing OpenSSL before it was cool (i.e. ten days before Heartbleed emerged into the light) but I don't pretend to be a security expert. I do write software for a living, though … and recent events remind me vividly of the time I attended DefCon just after Cisco tried to censor/gag-order Michael Lynn.
You can read the details behind the link; it's quaint history now. But in particular, I am put in mind of this slide from his censored presentation;
Those details are largely obsolete now, but I remember that as a lo-and-the-scales-fell-from-my-eyes moment: wait, the Swiss-cheese bird's-nest holes-the-size-of-Mack-trucks Microsoft security model doesn't have to be the norm! People could, and actually do, design systems built for security from the ground up!
To be fair, Lynn's talk was about exploiting a bug that existed anyway; and as Norton points out, “things are better than they used to be. We have tools … that keep the idiotically written programs where they can't do as much harm.” But who are we kidding? We live in a world in which people still write security-critical code in C, store/send passwords in plaintext, and release hopelessly confusing security APIs. This is a world that has not much prioritized software security.
I contend that online security is so bad not because it has to be, but because there has been no systemic incentive to make it any better than it is. Sure, credit-card companies would like to reduce fraud — hence their incompetent hacks like “Verified by Visa” — but they're still enormously profitable. Sure, eBay would rather they hadn't been hacked; but most people will just sigh, change their passwords, and move on.
And while it's possible to build much-more-secure systems,
A lot of people don't really understand the incredible amount of detail and attention to every possible outcome that needs to be made, because one mistake in the entire library can bring a system down. And that's a flaw of the type we're seeing with Heartbleed.
to quote Seth Hardy of the University of Toronto's Citizen Lab. (Disclaimer/disclosure; Seth's a friend.)
Or — Kaminsky again:
Professor Matthew Green of Johns Hopkins University recently commented that he's been running around telling the world for some time that OpenSSL is Critical Infrastructure. He's right. He really is. The conclusion is resisted strongly, because you cannot imagine the regulatory hassles normally involved with traditionally being deemed Critical Infrastructure. A world where SSL stacks have to be audited and operated against such standards is a world that doesn't run SSL stacks at all.
There's actually quite a tricky implicit tradeoff here. We can slowly, carefully, write more secure (though still imperfect!) systems; or we can damn the torpedoes, steam full speed ahead, innovate like crazy, and treat security as an afterthought or a nice-to-have. The reason massive security disasters hit almost weekly these days is because for twenty years virtually the entire industry has, tacitly or explicitly, chosen the latter course.
…And, until now, for 95% of the Internet's population, that has arguably been the right decision. Oh, it's been awful if you're an activist, a dissident, a journalist, a victim of identity theft, a specific target of the NSA, etc; but most people aren't. Secure software — and it does exist — is still written by a tiny minority for a tiny minority. Sad but true. That's one reason why it's so often so hard to use.
The good news is that we seem to finally be nearing the point at which the Internet collectively decides that much stronger online security would probably be a good idea. The bad news is that the most powerful entity on Earth appears to be virulently, bitterly opposed to any such development. But there is no natural law requiring that software be as fragile and vulnerable as most of it is today. We as an industry allowed that to happen — and if we want to, we can fix it.
Image credit: yours truly, on Flickr, of Helix by Charles Gadeken.
Photo
MANCHESTER, N.H. — “Donald Trump Takes N.H. by Storm,” said CNN.
Actually, it was a New Hampshire storm that took Donald Trump — off the campaign trail on Friday.
Mr. Trump, home in New York, canceled a town hall at the Londonderry Lions Club, telling his Twitter followers: “Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.”
The storm was big, and the snow was thick and wet and occasionally blinding. But it wasn't that big. Manchester-Boston Regional Airport, in Manchester, stayed open. So did La Guardia. Mr. Trump's absence felt like an excuse, like he was giving himself a snow day on the eve of one of the biggest job interviews of his career: the first-in-the-nation New Hampshire primary on Tuesday.
The other candidates kept on slogging on Friday. Why not Mr. Trump? He has a plane. He has the option of trains and automobiles. He could have checked the weather predictions on Thursday (the storm surprised nobody) and stayed put in New Hampshire, so he could have shown up to campaign on Friday, just like Jeb Bush's 90-year-old mother, Barbara, did.
.@realDonaldTrump My 90 year old mother made it out to campaign. She met Destiny, age 5. https://t.co/Xue8HwpTS3 — Jeb Bush (@JebBush) 5 Feb 16
The snow didn't faze the plow drivers, de-icer operators, gate checkers and shuttle drivers at the airport in Manchester, who showed up for work. Some flights were canceled and delayed, but travelers kept flying in and out. Their determination was good news for a kid in a Ninja Turtle mask who stood just outside security on Friday afternoon, waiting impatiently to welcome two elderly loved ones home.
Photo
Ninja-Turtle kid could have taught Donald Trump something about sticking it out. Mr. Trump poses as the commander-in-chief who will get in Putin's face and bill the Mexicans for a border wall. But when something in the real world becomes difficult — unintimidated women on Fox News, and snow in New England — he says: Bye-bye.
Buckling under pressure from his Democratic colleagues following revelations that he'd sent lewd photos to women over the Internet, Rep. Anthony Weiner said Thursday he'll step down amid his seventh term on Capitol Hill.
“Today I am announcing my resignation from Congress,” the New York Democrat said during a chaotic press conference at the senior center in Brooklyn where he announced the bid for New York City Council that launched his political career.
ADVERTISEMENT
Weiner said he'd hoped to keep his seat on Capitol Hill so he could “fight for the middle class and those struggling to make it.”
“Unfortunately the distraction that I have created has made that impossible,” he said.
“I am here today to again apologize for the personal mistakes I have made, and the embarrassment I have caused,” he added. “I make this apology to my neighbors and constituents, but I make them particularly to my wife Huma.”
Weiner's wife, Huma Abedin, was not at the news conference, but he thanked her and his family for enduring the scandal.
A heckler in the crowd — reported representing “The Howard Stern Show” — didn't let Weiner go quietly, yelling, “Yeah! Bye-bye, pervert!”
Weiner's announcement comes less than three weeks after the scandal first broke, and five days after a number of Democratic leaders joined Republicans in calling for his resignation. President Obama had also suggested Weiner should step down.
Democratic leaders had been silent on the scandal Thursday leading up to Weiner's announcement. Following the brief resignation speech, however, those leaders began to find their voice.
“Congressman Weiner exercised poor judgment in his actions and poor judgment in his reaction to the revelations,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said in a statement. “Today, he made the right judgment in resigning.”
Rep. John Larson (Conn.), head of the Democratic Caucus, bemoaned Weiner's “self destruction,” but also suggested resignation was the best option.
“He made the decision with the best interest in mind of not just himself, but his family, his constituents, and the nation,” Larson said.
Weiner, 46, has been embroiled in controversy since a photo of an underwear-clad man was sent from his Twitter account to a 21-year-old Seattle college student. Weiner initially denied sending the photo, saying his account was hacked.
Hounded by the press, he ultimately came clean at a tearful New York news conference in which he also admitted to having had “inappropriate” correspondence with “about six” women over the Internet over the past three years.
Since that public confession, more embarrassing photos of Weiner have surfaced on the Web.
Early this week, Weiner was granted a two-week leave of absence from Congress, which he reportedly planned to use in order to seek treatment.
His wife, a long-time adviser to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, had been traveling out of the country with Clinton until Wednesday. The couple was married last year, and is reportedly expecting their first child.
A recent poll taken in Weiner's district after the scandal broke showed that New Yorkers did not want him to resign.
Several of Weiner's New York colleagues struck a melancholy pose on Thursday, praising Weiner's friendship and political savvy but also supporting his decision to step down.
“I wish him well, he's a friend of mine,” said Rep. Eliot Engel (D-N.Y.). “We ought to let him resign and move on with his life.”
Engel said Weiner is canny enough to find success outside the Beltway, but doubted his chances to become the next mayor of New York — a position Weiner has eyed for years.
“He'll land on his feet because he's smart, and he's resourceful and he'll put this episode behind him,” Engel said. “[But] it would be hard for him to run for mayor.”
“No one's indispensable,” Engel added. “This is a living body — that's the way the founding fathers made it — and we move on.”
Rep. Edolphus Towns (D-N.Y.) said Weiner has been an effective lawmaker and “a great political voice” for Democrats. But he was quick to note that Weiner's resignation also eliminates a significant distraction as party leaders move to tackle more pressing issues.
“There's no doubt about it, this helps us get back to the message,” he said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Still, Towns characterized Weiner as a fighter who will likely rebound quickly from the scandal — and might even return to the public sphere.
“He's been very effective and it's unfortunate this occurred,” Towns said. “But there's no doubt in my mind, this is not the end of Mr. Weiner.”
Meanwhile, Weiner's office in the Rayburn House Office Building has become something of a destination in the past few weeks, with news cameras trained constantly on the closed doors and giggly tourists posing for photos beside the plaque bearing his name.
On Thursday afternoon, in the hours after the resignation announcement, three cameras and half a dozen reporters awaited any movement through the still-closed doors. A group of young interns walked by. One knew exactly where he was.
“You know whose office this is, don't you?” could be heard as they passed.
Molly K. Hooper contributed to this article.
-- This story was updated at 8:12 p.m.
The June issue of Kodansha's Monthly Shonen Magazine is revealing on Tuesday that Takaya Kagami, Yamato Yamamoto, and Daisuke Furuya's Seraph of the End (Owari no Seraph) manga is getting a spinoff manga titled Owari no Seraph: Ichinose Guren, 16-sai no Catastrophe (Seraph of the End: Guren Ichinose: Catastrophe at Sixteen) starting in the magazine's July issue on June 6.
Yō Azami is drawing the manga, Kagami is credited with the original work, and Yamamoto is credited with the original character designs. The first chapter will feature an opening color page.
The manga adapts Kagami's novel series (pictured at right) of the same name, and will center on the character Guren Ichinose when he was a young man. Kodansha published the novel series' seventh volume in December. Vertical publishes the novel series in English, and it published the third omnibus volume in September.
The June issue is also revealing on Tuesday that the main Seraph of the End manga series has 7 million copies in print.
The main manga's story takes place in a world where an unknown virus has killed the entire human population except for children. Those children were then enslaved by vampires. The manga centers on Yūichirō Hyakuya, a human who dreams of becoming strong enough to kill all vampires.
Kagami, Yamamoto, and Furuya launched the manga in Shueisha's Jump SQ. magazine in 2012, and Shueisha published the manga's 13th compiled volume in December. The manga's 14th volume will ship on May 2 in Japan. Viz Media publishes the manga in North America digitally in its Weekly Shonen Jump anthology and in print, and the company published the 11th compiled volume on January 3.
The manga inspired a 12-episode television anime series in April 2015, and Funimation streamed the anime as it aired, and released the series on home video in May 2016.
The 12-episode second season of the anime, Seraph of the End: Battle in Nagoya, premiered in October 2015. Funimation streamed the anime as it aired in Japan, and released the series on home video in September.
Azerbaijan's biggest city will host its first ever grand prix in July next year, on a 6km circuit around the streets near the Baku Boulevard.
Baku GP boss Arif Rahimov says the circuit is ready for homologation and has no doubts there will be no issues to have it ready in time.
"The track layout has been finalised," Rahimov told Motorsport.com.
"There are just small details like safety equipment at some corners that took a bit longer to finalise, but we are waiting for the homologation to be done.
"We've also met in Hungary with Charlie Whiting to discuss it and hear what he has to say. There are no major issues."
Rahimov is adamant the track will offer plenty of opportunities for drivers to overtake.
"Yeah, there's the long straight just before Turn 1. That's a huge overtaking possibility. There are quite a lot of places where you can overtake."
No motorsport culture
The circuit will be capable of hosting 19,000 seated spectators, but organisers are also considering a general admission area to increase capacity.
Rahimov said they are also working on a programme to help Formula 1 popularity grow in Azerbaijan to make sure the sport has a long future in the country.
"The first thing we need to make sure is to maintain that popularity and interest from the F1 community and the people who travel with the F1 races, so when they come to this race they really want to return," he added.
"So we are trying to organise the best possible race to make sure that people come back the following years.
"Secondly we are trying to develop some kind of programme to make sure we increase the popularity of the sport within the country because there's no motorsports culture.
"So we are going to try to through different programs on the TV and through marketing to increase the interest in the sport."
Friday afternoon, a bunch of us watched the NCAA Tournament together at SB Nation studios in midtown Manhattan. The studio guys affixed a little basketball hoop to a light stand, and we took turns shooting a mini basketball while we watched. Made baskets were rare, but on one such occasion, we agreed that the maker of the shot-- let's just say it was Mike Prada-- ought to receive the ball for another attempt. What we couldn't agree on was what to call the practice.
This is a near-universal bit of basketball etiquette: You're shooting with your friends-- not a game, just a casual shootaround. When you make a jumper, someone rebounds and passes the ball back to you. This continues until you miss. I've always known this practice as "courtesy" and used that word when giving the ball back to Pradamaster. Rodger Sherman called it "respect." Dan Rubenstein insisted it was "change," which I'd never heard before.
A quick follow-up Twitter poll revealed the four most popular terms for returning the basketball on a made shot: Change, Respect, Courtesy, and Make It Take It, the last of which is typically synonymous with "Winners" in a game setting, but gets used in group shooting situations as well. But which is most popular? I posted a more formal survey online and found the following from 555 responses:
So, it's a relatively even breakdown with "change" as the clear leader, "respect" a bit behind, and "courtesy" and "make it, take it" occupying equivalent fringes of the sample.
Any number of demographics could explain those differences, but I most suspected it was a regional thing and asked those surveyed to report where they'd picked up their term of choice. Here are the results:
View BASKETMAP in a full screen map
First, a few caveats: Location was a write-in question and those responses were mapped using an automatic Geotagger. I cleaned up the data as best I could and eliminated responses like "SCHOOL" and "BOSTON BUT ALSO NEW YORK AND NEW JERSEY AND CALIFORNIA AND," but some of the data is still a little vague or outright absent. The map collapses data points in the same location, so you have to click through some of the more popular locales to see all the responses therein. Also, most people saw this via my Twitter account, and I am a New York-located Knicks blogger, so the number of responses skews New York-ward.
So, this is an imperfect map. That given, I was pleasantly surprised to notice a few trends, albeit not ones tested for any statistical significance:
1. "Courtesy" is almost exclusively a New York-area thing. I am from North Jersey, which is a hotbed of "courtesy." I had no idea we were so alone. "Respect" is also most popular in New York (click through the New York City, Manhattan and Brooklyn points) and the northeast, though it's a bit more dispersed. And again, we have way more New York-area respondents than anywhere else, so it's tough to compare.
2. "Change" isn't just most popular, but most widespread ... although none of our few international respondents picked "change."
3. Though "change" is the most popular term, almost nobody in New York uses it. That was most striking to me. If you click through, there are only a couple in the whole region. This could use a more academic study, but we have the makings of a New York vs. everyone else trend here.
Some other notes:
- What is "change"? Nobody knows for sure, but the general feeling is that it's like paying the basketball and getting back your change. You know, like money.
- A corollary to "change" is "No range, no change," which means that you only get the ball back if you take a reasonably distant jumper. If you're shooting inside the key, you either chase your own rebound or forfeit the ball regardless of a miss or make.
- That said, most agree that if you make a few shots in a row, then miss, you get the ball back for one quick layup before someone else takes it out. People agree upon these last two things regardless of which term they use. I've always followed those rules but never had a name for them.
- My coworker James Dator is from Australia, and he says "refund." Nice that Australians get full value back while we Americans get pennies on the dollar. Update: Here are two three more Australians speaking up for "refund," so I'm willing to call that a real thing.
- Some people said "check" or "winners," but I think they misunderstood the question and thought we were talking about a game.
- Several people said they always did this without calling it by any name. Several more said this rule was suburban bullshit and you have to fight for a rebound even after a made shot. These people are better prepared than the rest of us for the coming basketwars.
- One response from the Philippines: "Beck: Beck is shortened term for balik or return in English. Also, it's always customary in Philippine court to give the ball back whether a person makes the first shot or not during shootarounds."
- Update from a commenter:
"Growing up in Utah, If you made a shot you'd yell "money!" and so you'd get your change back. If you didn't say "money" you might not get the ball back, and you usually didn't get a second chance or layup. First time I played in the Philippines they expected their "beck" after a missed shot and I thought they were crazy. Interesting to see the regional differences."
I didn't quite get it as I read through the responses, but a few people said something to this effect. Basically, like the idea of "bank" or "and-one" in pick-up, you have to call something in advance to earn your "change." I'd never heard that before.
- Others that came up: "crip," "social security," "entitlement," "feed," and just "it's his ball."
And that's the upshot here. If you make a reasonably challenging shot, you should get the ball back. Call it whatever you please, but keep in mind that fellow players from other places might not know what you're talking about. Or just don't ever hit shots and you won't have to worry about this.
The field of geo-engineering has launched all kinds of outlandish ideas for combating climate change, from dumping iron into the world's oceans to shooting mirrors into space. A report published last Thursday from the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IME) suggested that a forest of 100,000 artificial “trees” could be “planted” near depleted oil and gas reserves to trap carbon in a filter and bury it underground. The carbon suckers look more like fly swatters than actual arbors, but researchers say that once fully developed, the “trees” could remove thousands of times more carbon than a real tree.
The Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IME)‘s report evaluated hundreds of geo-engineering projects and suggested three that could help mitigate global climate change (and that were actually feasible using current or soon-to-be-ready technology). Depending on how you look at it (and how creative a thinker you are), the suggestions could be lauded as really interesting, or just really insane.
In addition to artificial trees, the IME report suggests growing algae in tubes on the sides of buildings. The algae, which traps carbon during photosynthesis, could be collected and transformed into charcoal, which could then be buried underground. The report also points out the benefits of painting roofs white, which reflects sunlight and helps mitigate heat island effect in urban areas.
While the ideas sound good in theory, researchers have yet to see how the tech would actually work, as no one has quite mastered carbon capture and storage. And even the engineers themselves warn that these geo-engineering projects won't provide a solution to global warming–they're meant to be used in conjunction with larger, more long-term efforts to reduce global carbon emissions.
The report also includes a 100-year plan to de-carbonize the global economy, and will be presented at party conferences this fall. Who knows–with the right investments and innovations, the next 10 to 20 years could bring a world filled with fake forests and floating space mirrors.
+ Institution of Mechanical Engineers
Via The Guardian
Members of a congressional tour of the Yucca Mountain exploratory tunnel enter the south portal, April 9, 2015. (Sam Morris/Las Vegas Review-Journal)
WASHINGTON — A spending bill for the Department of Energy that does not include $120 million to revive the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste project in Nevada was approved Thursday by the Senate Appropriations Committee.
The Senate panel rubberstamped a subcommittee by excluding the Yucca Mountain funding, which was tucked into a House spending bill that will come to the floor next week.
Three Nevada Democrats in the congressional delegation are backing an amendment by Rep. Ruben Kihuen, D-Nev., to eliminate the Yucca Mountain funding in the House version.
Differences in the two pieces of legislation must be ironed out by a House-Senate conference committee.
Sen. Dean Heller, R-Nev., said that while the Senate Appropriation Committee action is good news for Nevada, “this fight against Yucca Mountain is far from over.”
Congress designated Yucca Mountain as the repository for waste from nuclear power plants three decades ago.
The Yucca Mountain licensing application before the Nuclear Regulatory Commission began in 2008 and was halted in 2010.
President Donald Trump included $120 million to revive Yucca Mountain licensing and study temporary storage in his budget blueprint for fiscal year 2018, which began Oct. 1.
Energy Secretary Rick Perry called it a moral imperative to restart the process and address the growing stockpile of nuclear waste at nuclear power plants in more than 30 states.
Contact Gary Martin on 202-662-7390 or gmartin@reviewjournal.com. Follow @garymartindc on Twitter.
In a bustling area of Nyarugusu, in the heart of Tanzania's gold lands, a stocky man is fanning a dustbin lid of smouldering charcoal, gold ore and mercury on the pavement. Each waft sends a cloud of toxic vapour into the faces of children and adults as they gather to watch.
The burning of mercury is a common sight in the streets, homes and cottage-industry mines throughout east Africa. The liquid metal is used to extract the gold and then vaporised to leave behind flakes of the precious metal.
But in this dangerous industry, seeds of a gold revolution are being sown: Fairtrade International announced this week that up to 12 mines in Tanzania, Uganda and Kenya are on course to sell Africa's first ethical gold within a year.
There are no official figures for how many Tanzanians are poisoned by mercury fumes, but accounts of memory problems, sickness and impaired vision are common in the small mines that litter the countryside. The sight of open mercury poisoning may seem shocking, but it is just one of a host of appalling working conditions that blights the production of gold throughout east Africa.
Tanzania is Africa's fourth largest gold producer. About 15 million people work in mines – many illegal, small-scale and unlicensed – producing about 200 to 300 tonnes a year. Most miners work 24-hour shifts without basic safety helmets, boots or goggles in fragile mines with little or no timber supports.
On the surface, the ore is crushed by women using hammers or mortars, sometimes with babies on their knees. In some mines, cyanide is used to remove gold from low-grade ore. Like mercury, it is highly toxic. Mercury and cyanide pollution into rivers is common and, according to a report last week by Human Rights Watch, child labour is rife.
But the Fairtrade scheme could herald a change. Under a three-year scheme funded by Comic Relief, the mines are changing working practices – banning children, enforcing health and safety rules and preventing toxic run off – in the hope that shoppers in Europe, Asia and America will be prepared to pay more for "green gold".
In return they will get a fairer price for their gold and a Fairtrade premium that can be invested in mines, education, childcare and community groups.
At the Ilani mine near Nyarugusu, in the northwest of Tanzania, the appropriately named Golden Hainga has already barred children from his mine and processing areas, and runs a crèche. Open burning of mercury is banned and personal protection equipment is compulsory.
Lufta Weja, 30, has worked at the mine for five months. "The main difference between other mines is health and safety," he said. "It's the first time I've had a helmet – in other mines we had no helmets, or gloves or boots."
A few miles from the Ilani mine, Renatus Nsangano has also been working with Fairtrade to improve working conditions. But change is slow. His mine suffers from a chronic lack of capital and cash flow, and is vulnerable to the low prices paid by local gold brokers.
"My dream is to be able to use the technology that was used in Tanzania 50 years ago," said Nsangano.
"But we thank God for Fairtade because it has lifted us from one level to another. We have put in wooden steps to get to the bottom of the mine. We no longer burn mercury in the open and we ensure that waste water from the mine doesn't contaminate the environment."
To get Fairtrade certification, gold mines will have to ban mercury burning in the open – as well as ensure that no children work in the mines. Other details are still under discussion.
In South America, which began to sell Fairtrade gold two years ago, miners receive a minimum price of 95% of the London Bullion Market Association (LBMA) price for their gold. That price is higher than they would normally get from selling to local brokers.
As well as fair working conditions and pay, the miners also get a Fairtrade premium of $2,000 (£1,283) per kg of fine gold. The premium has to be invested into the local community.
Fairtrade and Fairmined gold hallmarked in London. Photograph: Anthony Devlin/PA
Africa's mines are still at least a year away from getting that status, according to Fairtrade's local advisers.
Key to the success of African ethical gold will be improving efficiency to create a steady stream of precious metal. Just 40% of the gold is currently recovered from the ore – a figure that could be 80% with better technology. Fairtrade also needs to build a supply chain to ensure that gold gets to suppliers in Europe, Asia and America.
Harriet Lamb, director of Fairtrade International, said: "Fairtrade is not something where you can click your fingers and magically start paying farmers and miners, but they have started to tackle the problems.
"It's a long process of change and we are under no illusions. But having seen the conditions of the miners it has only steeled my determination to make this work. It is shocking that people finding gold – a precious metal so valued – are working in such terrible conditions."
Just when we thought we had seen the epic failure of every single possible "alternative energy" project by this administration, along comes the announcement that the USDA is investing $5 million in a "biogas anaerobic digester" that will use "cow manure to heat an ethanol plant and create 15 permanent jobs." Which for anyone confused, is roughly exactly what it sounds like. Perhaps if "Hope and Change" is a little passe now, a far more appropriate slogan for the 2012 Campaign will be "From Bullshit to Jobs, and Back Again."
From the Washington Examiner:
Western Plains Energy, LLC, a Kansas company, will use the money to "utilize waste energy resources from a local cattle feedlot to replace almost 90 percent of the fossil fuels currently used" at the plant. "Projects such as this are a key part of the Obama Administration's all-of-the-above approach to American energy that is supporting the development and usage of renewable energy, revitalizing rural economies and creating an America built to last," USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack said in a statement touting this project as an example of the policies that cut dependence on foreign oil. "Animal waste from a local feedlot will be the primary feedstock that Western Plains will use for the digester," USDA added. "Support for renewable energy projects such as This is an example of the many ways USDA is helping revitalize rural economies." USDA expects the project to create 15 permanent jobs and 100 temporary construction jobs.
So how many shit shovelers does it take to run a "biogas anaerobic digester"? Apparently 15. At $333,333 a poop, pardon pop.
Sorry folks. We only wish this was a joke.
h/t Ralph
They juggle rings. They juggle balls, They juggle clubs. They juggle in rain, in sunshine, indoors, outdoors, in Europe, Australia and around the world. If you want to hire Sydney Jugglers, be quick, they're skilled, popular and exciting. They're also fun and will brighten your birthday party, your corporate event or children's entertainment.
We've added some new places to buy juggling props on our buying page. Our friends at the Circus shop in Perth are happy to help jugglers and circus performers with their orders, and Sophie and her staff will talk about where, and how, to get those hard to find items too.
The most exciting thing happening in the Australian juggling world is the Melbourne Juggling Convention on 28th September. Special guest this year is Emil Dahl. Emil, from Sweden, is one of the most well known and skilled jugglers in the world. Of course, no MJC is complete without Australia's world class jugglers, and they'll all be there too.
MJC is always great value. Check out their page, visit the gala show or go to a workshop. This is the biggest juggling event in the Australian Juggling calendar. Don't miss it.
In local news, Marrickville Fire Jam is continuing at Enmore Park. If you want to spin fire, or practice your flow skills, or just hang out, Enmore Park is a great place to do it. This month they are holding fire jams at 7pm on the 30th of August and the 14th September.
Now the school holidays are over, the University juggling clubs are back. You can contact them through our juggling meetups page.
Don't forget to follow us on instagram
Out Insta page features some skilled international and local jugglers. It also features some people new to the art of juggling, and you can tell how much they enjoy it by the smiles on their faces.
It's impossible to be sad when juggling, because Juggling is fun, social ,and an art form for all the family. It keeps you fit and makes you happy.
So do yourself a favour and become a happy juggler today.
Three months after announcing plans to shutter its Saskatoon manufacturing division and lay off about 150 people, Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems Canada Ltd. (MHSPCA) has ceased operations and put its sprawling north end plant up for sale.
“It's a terrible loss of jobs — good-paying jobs with a high degree of capability and expertise that are no longer going to be filled in that facility,” said Keith Moen, executive director of the North Saskatoon Business Association.
“And those that are unemployed ar,e in all likelihood, because of the depressed economy that we're experiencing here, going to be looking elsewhere for employment opportunities, (likely) out of the province.”
MHSPCA said in July that streamlining its operations was “fundamental to realizing costs synergies” following the massive 2014 merger that created its parent company, Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems Ltd. (MHPS).
That streamlining would result in its manufacturing division shutting down on Oct. 15, resulting in about 150 layoffs, while its power division — which employs about 40 people — will continue operating in Saskatoon, the company said.
After learning that the plant's manufacturing division was shutting down, one of the affected employees said in a now-deleted Facebook post that employees “saw it coming but didn't know how bad it was going to be.”
“They are closing the doors on my shop. I am employed until October 15, after that they are putting the chains on the gates and I will have to find work elsewhere,” the employee said in the post.
On Monday, MHPS vice president of North American manufacturing Sam Suttle confirmed that manufacturing employees completed the factory backlog and subsequently ceased operations.
MHSPCA, which makes heavy equipment used in the power, energy and industrial sectors, opened its Saskatoon plant in 1988 with about 30 employees. By 2005, the facility had grown to cover 210,000 square feet and employ about 300 people.
Moen said it was “quite a coup” for a global company to build a major manufacturing facility in Saskatoon, and that its willingness to invest in the city was important to and a source of pride for the business community.
An MHPS spokeswoman said in August that the company was “exploring the different options regarding the future of the facility in Saskatoon.” The 21-acre complex is now on the market, with a list price of $19.95 million.
Michael Bratvold, vice president of the commercial real estate firm CBRE Ltd., which is selling the plant on behalf of MHPSCA, said there has been a lot of interest in the plant, and he is optimistic he can finalize a sale.
“Our goal is tried and secure an end user who can take full advantage not just of the scope of the asset, but also the utility of the asset,” Bratvold said, noting the facility comes with specialized manufacturing equipment.
Moen said current economic conditions — which have led companies across the province to cut costs and lay off staff — mean it will be difficult to find a buyer prepared to take over such a massive facility, at least in the short term.
“Having said that, the big thinkers always view downturns as opportunities, right? There might be someone out there who's ready and waiting for this type of opportunity to arrive.”
amacpherson@postmedia.com
twitter.com/macphersona
The Federal Communications Commission sent a letter to PayPal on Thursday that was highly critical of the firm's robocalling and robotexting fine print, which I first chronicled earlier this month. The letter says PayPal's terms of service “raise serious concerns for the (FCC) enforcement bureau.”
In a report for Credit.com last week, I described an update to PayPal's user agreement that is set to take effect in July, when the payment firm is set to split from corporate parent eBay. In those terms, the firm says user must agree to grant PayPal the right to robocall or robotext them at any phone number “you have provided to us or that we have otherwise obtained.” The calls and texts can be used in attempts to collect debts, for marketing purposes, or a host of other reasons, the agreement says. On its Facebook page, PayPal recently told a consumer that there was no opt-out for the provision.
In a letter signed by Travis LeBlanc, chief of the FCC's Enforcement Bureau, the agency said much of the policy could violate federal law.
“FCC requirements directly prohibit requiring a consumer to consent to receive autodialed or prerecorded telemarketing or advertising calls as a condition of purchasing any property, good, or service, and the company must give consumers notice of their right to refuse to give such consent,” the letter says. “PayPal ‘s amended User Agreement does not give consumers notice of their right to refuse consent to calls that require consumer consent from PayPal, its affiliates, and its service providers. If PayPal fails to include this required notice and/or fails to allow its users to refuse such consent, we are concerned that consent is in fact a condition of purchase of PayPal's service and thus violates the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and could subject PayPal, its affiliates, and its service providers to penalties of up to $16,000 per call or text message.
“Second, we direct your attention to the requirement that the written agreement must identify the specific telephone number(s) to which the consenting consumer gives his or her consent to be called or texted,” it continues. “A blanket User Agreement that purports to apply to ‘any telephone number that [consumers] have provided us or that we have otherwise obtained' does not meet the level of specificity required by law. Many consumers have more than one telephone line. Consumers have the right to choose on which line(s) they wish to receive telemarketing or advertising calls, if they elect to receive such calls at all.
“Finally, the Commission has ruled that should any question about the consent arise, the seller will bear the burden of demonstrating that a clear and conspicuous disclosure was provided and that unambiguous consent was obtained,” it says. “We direct your attention to this statement because it underscores the importance of complying with federal law when structuring your agreements to collect the prior express written consent of consumers.”
The letter was addressed to Louise Pentland, PayPal's general counsel.
PayPal did not immediately respond to the FCC's assertions.
“We have received a letter from the FCC and look forward to responding,” the firm said in a statement.”We strive to be as clear as possible with our customers and clarified our policies and practices last week on the PayPal blog.”
In that post, Pentland, Pentland noted the robocalling and robotexting language is not new, and consumers can opt out, though the post does not explain why PayPal said previously there was no opt out.
“We value our relationship with you and have no intention of harassing you,” it read, in part. “Our contacts with you are intended to benefit our relationship. For example, we may contact you as part of our fraud prevention efforts to keep your PayPal accounts safer and more secure. In reaching out to you for account service purposes, such as fraud alerts, we occasionally use technologies that allow us to contact you efficiently. To use this approach we seek your permission through our User Agreement.
“Our goal is always to create clarity in our communication with our customers. We're sorry if this wasn't the case. We aim to give you the information you need and hope this blog post helped to clear up any confusion,” she wrote.
Don't miss a post! My email list is free
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Email
There's nothing worse than booting up one of your favourite titles only to find your save game has been lost due to a backup-battery running out of juice. While there are methods available to backup your efforts before the inevitable end of a battery's life, an all new USB solution has just been released allowing you to drag and drop your Nintendo Game Boy save files (and ROMs too) onto your computer.
The newly released and oddly named Joey-Squinson is the latest device from retro hardware hacker BennVenn. Coming in an enclosed 3D printed case, this USB device has just two slots on-board - one for the USB cable and one to connect a Game Boy cartridge to. When the two have been connected, a new drive will appear within your computer holding just two files: the connected cartridge's game ROM and It's accompanying save file (if applicable). As mentioned you can simply drag these .GB and .SAV files onto your desktop or any other folder of your choice, something which creates a 1:1 copy of your game cartridge.
Backups aside, the Joey-Squinson also comes with a selection of other great features which retro gamers will no doubt love. The first of these is the ability to extract photographs taken from the Game Boy Camera into individual JPGs (using software known as GBCameraDump to pull them out of a SAV file). You'll also be able to play your original games in an emulator by directly loading the cartridge's ROM file into your emulator of choice, something which also means any progress saved while emulating will be written to the cartridge's save file. Chiptune artists can also get a lot out of the device when combined with LSDJ, and those who happen to have GB USB Smart Card 64M can also use the Joey-Squinson to write game ROMs to the device.
Joey-Squinson Game Boy Cartridge USB Adapter In Action
Needless to say there's a lot on offer here with BennVenn's Joey-Squinson, something costing just a mere $45. With time ticking on those backup batteries, can you afford to let your Pokémon save files fade away without backing them up?
Link: BennVenn's Joey-Squinson - Game Boy Cartridge USB Adapter
Image copyright Dean Smith Image caption Dean Smith believes the shell was made in Germany
Bomb experts have been called to a south Wales nature reserve after an unexploded World War Two shells was discovered by a walker in Bridgend.
Dean Smith, 38, of Pyle, was walking near Kenfig Pool on Saturday when he saw a fin sticking out of the sand.
He reached down to pick it up, but ending up falling and landed with the 2ft-long (0.6m) bomb on top of him.
The site has been cordoned off by police and the Royal Logistics Corps will carry out a controlled explosion.
History enthusiast Mr Smith, who made the discovery with his son-in-law James Clarke, 20, said he often finds old ordnance material in the area.
'We froze'
"We saw the fin sticking up and I thought, that will be nice for my collection," he said.
"I pulled so hard that I fell back and it landed on top of me. We froze for a second and I noticed that the fuse was still attached so it was still live."
"I'm a bit of a history buff and so I knew what it was straight away.
"We phoned the police and put up a cordon with sticks and plastic bags.
"They [the police] were great, I think they were coming expecting what they had seen before but as he [the officer] took a closer look, I could see his eyes widen."
South Wales Police confirmed officers were alerted to the presence of historical ordnance at Kenfig Pool and said the matter would be dealt with by the Royal Logistics Corp bomb squad.
It's understandable why the Atlanta Falcons would be enticed to move up from the sixth overall spot in the NFL draft to land a player the caliber of Jadeveon Clowney. But they shouldn't let public opinion influence their decision.
And they won't. That's not how general manager Thomas Dimitroff does business.
Sure, the fact that the Falcons are in South Carolina on Friday to put Clowney through some sort of testing or drills would indicate a high-level of interest. The high interest, however, has been there from the outset.
The Falcons would likely have to trade up from No. 6 to have a chance to draft Jadeveon Clowney. Streeter Lecka/Getty Images
"Obviously, he is an incredible talent with wild upside," Dimitroff told me in February while discussing Clowney. "He's going to be a very big contributor on a football team from day one. We all know that. The league knows that. He has the potential to be one of the marquee-type pass-rushers."
Again, Dimitroff has reiterated his openness to trading up or down. Yet the Falcons have a more pressing need at offensive tackle. The Falcons, I believe, value protecting their quarterback more than securing a top-notch pass-rusher. That's why I see them remaining at No. 6 and getting one of the top three offensive tackles: Auburn's Greg Robinson, Texas A&M's Jake Matthews, or Michigan's Taylor Lewan.
Even if the Houston Texans are willing to trade down from No. 1 with the Falcons, it's not like they are just going to surrender the top pick for a bargain price. Remember, the Washington Redskins moved up from No. 6 to No. 2 two years ago for quarterback Robert Griffin III, giving the St. Louis Rams three first-round picks and a second-rounder.
For a Falcons team still with a variety of needs to fill and depth to consider, surrendering a bunch of picks probably wouldn't be an ideal move, especially when they are likely to get the anchor to the offensive line without surrendering anything.
The pass-rusher void will be addressed. I like the potential of Auburn's Dee Ford falling to the Falcons in the second round. I also like the fire and determination third-year player Jonathan Massaquoi had in his tone when I bumped into him a few weeks back. He told me he was far from satisfied with his individual performance last season and plans to atone for it. He can't be overlooked as part of the solution to the pass rush woes.
If the Falcons are that much in love with Clowney, then they won't worry about having to pay him somewhere in the $22 million to $25 million range rather than having to pay somewhere near $16 million to $18 million for the sixth pick. If the Falcons are that much in love with Clowney, they won't worry about surrendering all those picks.
But I think the Falcons love quarterback Matt Ryan a little bit more. That's why I believe securing a tackle to help protect him will be their primary focus.
Demi Lovato speaks onstage at WE Day California 2016 at The Forum on April 7, 2016 in Inglewood, Calif.
Music's big night just got a whole lot bigger. Country-pop singer Kelsea Ballerini and Danish band Lukas Graham will make their Grammy stage debuts at the 59th annual ceremony, while British actor, singer and songwriter Cynthia Erivo will team up with soul star John Legend in tribute to those from the music community we lost in the past year. Ballerini, Graham and Erivo are all nominated for Grammys.
Also joining the music program are Demi Lovato, Andra Day and Tori Kelly who join forces with Little Big Town for a special collaborative performance celebrating the music of the Bee Gees and the 40th anniversary of Saturday Night Fever.
They join a growing list of performers that includes Beyonce, Katy Perry, The Weeknd, Daft Punk, Adele, Metallica, Carrie Underwood, Bruno Mars, Keith Urban, Anderson .Paak, A Tribe Called Quest and many others.
The Grammy Awards will take place Feb. 12 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles with host James Corden. It will be broadcast live at 8 p.m. EST on CBS.
One area that the Eagles did not come away addressing in free agency this offseason (to this point, at least) was the backup quarterback position. Nick Foles is the team's starter moving forward, but the quarterback picture behind him isn't so clear. Second year QB Matt Barkley is heavily expected to compete for the number two job. The Eagles might still choose to bring in more competition, however. Eagles GM Howie Roseman said as much in a meeting with the media on Monday.
Last week, BGN profiled some of the best available free agent QB options on the market. None of them are especially appealing. But now, there's a new name about to hit the market. Oh yes, I'm talking about... SANCHEZZZZZ!!!
ESPN Insider Chris Mortensen recently mentioned the Eagles as a potential landing spot for the former New York Jets QB.
Handicapping Sanchez landing spot once he clears waivers: Eagles, Rams & Browns. Chip Kelly could go all Pac10/12 on QBs,w Foles & Barkley — Chris Mortensen (@mortreport) March 24, 2014
Sanchez was released from the Jets last week shortly before they signed former Eagles QB Michael Vick. He's had a weird career to this point. Sanchez was originally drafted by the Jets with the 5th overall pick of the 2009 NFL Draft. Rex Ryan and the organization liked him so much that they traded up to get him. With the heavy assistance of a strong defense, Sanchez quarterbacked the Jets to two consecutive AFC Championship Game appearances in his first two seasons with New York. His inconsistency eventually caught up with him. Sanchez fell out of favor and the Jets tried to replace him by drafting Geno Smith last season. Sanchez finished his career as a Jet with a 33-29 QB record (4-2 playoff record), 55% of his passes completed, 68 TD, 69 INT, a 6.5 average yards per attempt, a pedestrian 71.7 QB rating, and 43 fumbles (including one infamous butt fumble).
Sanchez is hardly an appealing option but perhaps Kelly feels the former USC QB is a good option to push Barkley, the other former USC QB on the roster. At worst, Sanchez would be a veteran third string QB to keep around. Still, given his high turnover rate I don't think he's a preferable option for the Eagles.
That said, it would be pretty funny if this ends up happening. The New York Jets could potentially end up with Michael Vick and DeSean Jackson while the Eagles get... Mark Sanchez....
[Note by Brandon Lee Gowton, 03/24/14 4:46 PM EDT] - Uhhhh it looks like this is really going to happen.
Emirates Airline rejected Thursday an apology by Delta over remarks by the U.S. carrier's chief, in which it said he appeared to suggest a link between Gulf carriers and the Sept. 11 attacks.
“Emirates rejects the apology issued by Delta Air Lines in response to comments made by its CEO... which intimated a link between the Gulf carriers and the 9/11 attacks,” the Dubai-based carrier said.
Speaking to CNN Monday, Delta chief Richard Anderson lashed out at Gulf carriers -- Emirates, Abu Dhabi's Etihad and Qatar Airways -- when asked about claims that bankruptcy protection for U.S. airlines should be seen as government assistance.
“It's a great irony to have the UAE from the Arabian Peninsula talk about that, given the fact that our industry was really shocked by the terrorism of 9/11, which came from terrorists from the Arabian Peninsula,” Anderson said.
Out of the 19 hijackers of the four planes used in the attacks, 17 came from the Gulf -- 15 Saudis and two Emiratis.
But Delta said Anderson “didn't mean to suggest the Gulf carriers or their governments are linked to the 9/11 terrorists. We apologize if anyone was offended.”
He “was reacting to claims the Gulf carriers have been making that U.S. airlines received subsidies in the form of payments from the U.S. government after the 9/11 attacks and the bankruptcy proceedings that resulted.”
But the Emirates statement said “we believe that the statements made this week by Mr Anderson were deliberately crafted and delivered for specific effect.
“This brings into question his credibility as a CEO of a US public listed company, as well as the integrity of the submission which his airline has submitted to the U.S. authorities,” it said.
The U.S. big three carriers --Delta, American and United -- are reportedly lobbying the United States government to slow the expansion of Gulf carriers into the U.S. market.
Gulf carriers have seized a sizable chunk of transcontinental travel, turning their airports into major hubs on the routes between the West, Asia and Australasia.
Dubai International last year overtook London Heathrow to become the world's largest airport for international travel after handling 70.47 million passengers.
Last Update: Thursday, 19 February 2015 KSA 19:09 - GMT 16:09
UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon says almost 50 civilians have been killed and many more wounded in missile attacks on at least five medical facilities and two schools in northern Syria, as Russian-backed government troops intensified their push toward the rebel stronghold of Aleppo.
UN deputy spokesman Farhan Haq said Monday that victims of the attacks included children.
He quoted the secretary general as calling the attacks "blatant violations of international laws" that "are further degrading an already devastated health care system and preventing access to education in Syria."
Haq quoted Ban as saying the attacks "cast a shadow on commitments" made by nations seeking to end the Syrian conflict at a conference in Munich on Feb. 11, which included a cessation of hostilities within a week and an end to attacks on civilians.
The death toll from the violence has continued to rise throughout the day, with updated counts being reported by aid groups, activists and emergency workers from various sites hit by the missile strikes.
At least 14 people were killed in the town of Azaz near the Turkish border when missiles slammed into a school sheltering families fleeing the offensive and the children's hospital, two residents and a medic said.
Bombs also hit another refugee shelter south of the town and a convoy of trucks, another resident said.
"We have been moving scores of screaming children from the hospital," said medic Juma Rahal. At least two children were killed and scores of people injured, he said.
Activists posted video online purporting to show the damaged hospital. Three crying babies lay in incubators in a ward littered with broken medical equipment. Reuters could not independently verify the video.
Ceasefire agreement in serious jeopardy, more players could enter the fray as battles in Aleppo continue 1:58
'A deliberate attack'
In a separate incident, missiles hit another hospital in the town of Marat Numan in Idlib province, in north western Syria, said the French president of the Doctors Without Borders charity — also known by its French acronym MSF — which was supporting the hospital.
"There were at least seven deaths among the personnel and the patients, and at least eight MSF personnel have disappeared, and we don't know if they are alive," Mego Terzian told Reuters.
"The author of the strike is clearly ... either the government or Russia," he said, adding that it was not the first time MSF facilities in Syria had been attacked.
Doctors Without Borders says a hospital they support in Idlib province was destroyed by Russian airstrikes. There are currently eight staffers unaccounted for believed to be in the rubble. (Getty)
Canada was among the countries condemning the attacks, in a joint statement released late Monday by Minister of Foreign Affairs Stéphane Dion and Minister of International Delevelopment and La Francophonie Marie-Claude Bibeau.
"Humanitarian staff work in extremely dangerous situations and put their lives on the line to help those in need: over 80 humanitarian staff and volunteers have died in Syria since the start of the crisis. We call for an immediate end to attacks on civilians and bombings, and the termination of siege tactics."
MSF's mission chief Massimiliano Rebaudengo said the strikes appear to be "a deliberate attack on a health structure."
"The destruction of the hospital leaves the local population of around 40,000 people without access to medical services in an active zone of conflict," he said.
The aid group said the hospital had 30 beds, 54 staff members, two operating theatres, an outpatients department and an emergency room. MSF has been supporting the hospital since September and covered all its needs, including providing medical supplies and running costs, it said.
The approximate locations of the towns where three separate air attacks destroyed hospitals on Monday. (Google/CBC)
France's foreign minister said attacks on hospitals by the Syrian government and its allies were war crimes.
"I strongly condemn the new deliberate strike against a hospital," Jean-Marc Ayrault said in a statement. "The attacks against medical facilities ...constitute war crimes."
White House national security adviser Susan Rice condemned in the "strongest terms" the bombings in Syria and said they ran counter to commitments made by major powers in Munich last week to reduce hostilities.
Operation to recapture Aleppo
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which tracks violence across the country, said one male nurse was killed and five female nurses, a doctor and one male nurse are believed to be under the rubble in the MSF hospital.
Also in Marat Numan, another strike hit the National Hospital on the north edge of town, killing two nurses, the Observatory said.
Residents in both towns blamed Russian strikes, saying the planes deployed were more numerous and the munitions more powerful than the Syrian military typically used.
Five were killed and 30 were wounded in the attack on the charity clinic in Azaz, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. (Mujahed Abul Joud/Getty)
Rescue workers and rights groups say Russian bombing has killed scores of civilians at marketplaces, hospitals, schools and residential areas in Syria.
But Moscow has said it is targeting "terrorist groups" and dismissed any suggestion it has killed civilians since beginning its air campaign in support of President Bashar al-Assad's forces in September.
Russian bombing raids on rebel fighters are helping the Syrian army to advance toward Aleppo, the country's largest city and commercial centre before the conflict. If the army takes the city, it will by the Syrian government's biggest victory of the war.
Turkey on the brink
For now, the town of Azaz has been the scene of fierce fighting as Kurdish anti-government forces (YPG), also backed by Russia, advance from the west. They have reached the edge of town, only five kilometres away from the main Bab al Salam border crossing into Turkey.
The Syrian army is advancing from the south and is now within 25 kilometres of Turkey's border.
It's not yet clear if the charity clinic in Azaz was hit by an airstrike or by a sea-launched ballistic missile from Russian warships anchored in the port of Latakia. (Mujahed Abul Joud/Getty)
Both the Kurds and the army want to wrest control of that stretch of border with Turkey from the insurgents that currently hold Azaz.
Threatening to significantly escalate the already dire situation, Turkey warned Monday that Kurdish militia fighters would face the "harshest reaction" if they try to enter Azaz in an effort to extend their influence along the frontier.
Turkey shelled YPG positions for a third day.
"We will not allow Azaz to fall," Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu told reporters on his plane on the way to Ukraine, adding YPG fighters would already have taken Azaz and Tal Rifaat further south had it not been for Turkish artillery firing at them over the weekend.
Turkey has sworn it will not allow Russian-backed Kurdish militias to enter Azaz. An escalation of the situation at the Turkey-Syria risks a confrontation between NATO and Russia. (Bulent Kilic/Getty)
The standoff has increased the risk of direct confrontation between Russia and NATO member Turkey.
Turkey is enraged by the expansion of Kurdish influence in northern Syria, fearing it will encourage separatist ambitions among its own Kurds. It considers the YPG a terrorist group.
Davutoglu said Turkey would make the Menagh air base north of the city of Aleppo "unusable" if the YPG, which seized it over the weekend from Syrian insurgents, did not withdraw. He warned the YPG not to move east of the Afrin region or west of the Euphrates River, long a "red line" for Ankara.
2019 PARADE TIME CHANGE: 2pm START
The 2019 North East Firemen's Cherry Festival dates have been approved and we are looking forward to seeing you!! The annual summer festival will run from July 9th to July 13th, 2019 at Heard Park in historic downtown North East, PA.
​
We are pleased to be bringing back Thomas and Powers Amusements for a second year to provide safe, reliable rides for kids of all ages.
​
Be sure to plan your summer getaway to North East for this exciting family festival full of rides, games and of course, the fantastic Firemen's Food Tents.
​
Also, be sure to join us on Saturday afternoon at 2pm as the streets of North East come alive with the "largest volunteer firemen's parade in Pennsylvania".
In the line of six shops at Chhavani Mohalla in Jhajjar where Jat protesters seeking quotas went on the rampage Sunday, only one, the Jat-owned shop, has been left untouched: Sri Om Hooda Electricals. The other five, belonging to Sainis and Nais, were allegedly set ablaze by the Jats. And at the main market, there is nothing left of the shops on either side of Haryana Book Depot. Mostly shoe shops, owned by Sainis and Punjabis, they were set on fire Saturday. The bookstore belongs to a Jat.
[related-post]
Advertising
If property targeted was by caste, so was life. At the Jhajjar civil hospital, seven post-mortem examinations have been conducted so far. Four were killed over the weekend, including one who was axed to death before his family, said the next of kin. In the mortuary register, each name has an address — and caste.
According to hospital entries examined by The Indian Express, two were identified as Sainis, one as Kumhar, the fourth Halwai and the remaining three Jats. Other critical cases have been referred to Rohtak's PGI hospital. Sources said the administration sought a list of the dead and the caste of each.
The Jat quota protests have opened this glaring divide as it has now acquired violent, caste overtones with Jat protesters turning their ire on non-Jats, mostly OBCs in these parts, say police and officials.
Advertising
Conceding that the Jat quota agitation has taken a violent caste turn, Jhajjar SP Sumit Kumar told The Indian Express: “It all started with Jats torching shops belonging to Punjabis and Sainis. In retaliation, the two communities, along with others, vandalised the Chhotu Ram dharamshala of the Jat community. Following this, the Jats attacked Chhavani Mohalla, burnt shops and killed people. We have never seen this kind of violence and divide among castes in Haryana. But normalcy is gradually being restored.”
In Chhavani Mohalla, where the OBCs are in majority, residents said the Jats came around 1 pm Sunday, identified shops, vehicles and homes of Sainis, Nais and other backward castes before looting and torching them. The men were carrying countrymade guns, axes, swords, iron rods, Molotov cocktails made from Old Monk rum bottles. The properties of Jats were spared.
Soon, the mob began to kill.
Shamlal Singh, a Saini employed with PWD as beldar, was allegedly dragged out of his house and hacked to death, said members of his family who watched helplessly from the terrace. His son Hemant, who cleared Class XII recently, said the family has no land. “I will have to quit studies as I am the only son. I have to find work to feed my family of four. Why kill us? Are we going to get them reservation?”
Krishan Saini, 45, was returning home from his two-acre farm that kept his family of six going. Before he could realise what was happening, a bullet pierced his chest. His son Harish, who rushed towards him, said he was also fired at but survived.
“We kept calling the police but no one came. We waited for the Army too. We later learnt that they hadn't been informed of the killings here. It only goes to show that all this happened with the consent of some one in the government,” Krishan's brother Mahavir Saini alleged. “Or some looked the other way.”
Om Prakash, a Kumhar who is the mohalla potter, lost his 25-year-old son Virender Friday. A car mechanic, Virender was found dead at a blockade set up by Jats on Gawalison Road, about 5 km away. His skull had been split with an axe.
“We were about to get him married. That evening, he was perhaps going to repair someone's vehicle. He never returned. The next day, a mob came very close to our house. They were shouting ‘Jat Ekta Zindabad'. The mob vandalised our neighbour's property. On Sunday, they began to kill,” Om Prakash said.
Jhajjar civil hospital records show that several from Chhavani Mohalla sustained injuries from sharp weapons or pellets. “I could barely save my family. As many as 50 men broke into my house and began vandalising, looting. They then set my house on fire. I hid with my children and wife on the terrace,” said Amit Saini, an advocate.
Violence in Jhajjar picked up Saturday when Jat protesters began burning shops of OBCs and Punjabis in the main market. Securitymen who arrived on the scene opened fire, killing three Jat youths. Pradeep, Sandeep and Arjun were all in their early 20s.
Their family members, who had gathered Tuesday at the PGI mortuary in Rohtak to claim the bodies, said the young men were protesting peacefully “when some commotion happened” and securitymen opened fire.
Sandeep and Arjun belonged to Akheri Madanpur while Pradeep was from Kablana. From farmer families with small land holdings, they were counting on reservation to get them government jobs.
“Arjun was studying to be a graduate. What did he want after all? Quota. For that, they killed him. Are they not supposed to first fire below the waist,” his brother Bhagat Singh, who was part of the protest, said.
Among the dead at Jhajjar market were Dinesh Pandit, 25, and Krishna Kumar, 45. Both were bystanders. While Pandit was a Halwai from Chhara Chungi in Jhajjar, Kumar was a Jat from MP Majra village. Both had come to the market to buy medicine.
Krishna Kumar's brother Captain Rajendra Singh, who retired from the Army, said this has only hardened their resolve for quota. “The government is playing games with us. The politicians are trying to pit one caste against another. But our demands are genuine. Today, Sainis have all the land while we are struggling for jobs,” he said.
At the PGI hospital, another Jat family stares at a dark future. Dilbagh Singh, 35, was killed by securitymen during a protest on NH1 in Sonipat Monday. “His father died a few years ago and he would till land to support his mother, wife and three children. Now there is no man left in the family,” a relative said.
Advertising
Meanwhile, three bodies lie unclaimed at the Jhajjar civil hospital. A nurse said no one knows who they are: “They look very poor. Nobody has come to claim the bodies. They seem to be migrant labour hands, perhaps caught in the crossfire.”
(Recasts, adds details, fresh quotes)
* Speculation of SNB buying puts bid under dollar
* Dovish Fed minutes had hurt dollar
* Greece requests extension of loan agreement
By Anirban Nag
LONDON, Feb 19 (Reuters) - The dollar recovered on Thursday, on talk the Swiss National Bank was buying the greenback, helping it recoup losses made after minutes from the Federal Reserve policy meeting showed an interest rate hike was some distance away.
The euro gave up most of its earlier gains, edging down to trade at $1.13905. It got little support from news that Greece had formally requested a six-month extension to its euro zone loan agreement as it raced to avoid running out of money within weeks.
The dollar rose against the yen, gaining 0.1 percent to trade at 118.95 yen. But most of its gains were against the Swiss franc, against which it rose 0.6 percent to 0.9481 francs.
All of which helped the dollar index trade flat at 94.221 , recovering from a low of 93.835 struck earlier.
“We have been hearing talk the SNB has been pushing the dollar/Swiss franc higher. Traders are just scared to take them on,” said a spot currency trader.
Earlier, the dollar had fallen broadly after minutes showed that the Fed was concerned about turmoil in markets across the globe. It was the first time since January 2013 that the Fed made an overt reference to overseas economic events in its policy statement.
“The minutes were a bit on the dovish side compared to what the market was looking for, so we saw the dollar coming under some initial pressure as a result of that, but I don't think that changes the bigger picture,” said Ian Stannard, head of European FX strategy at Morgan Stanley in London.
“While the Fed has the potential to generate some short-term volatility, we think the growth picture is the important thing and that is why we still believe we're in a dollar bullish environment.”
The euro gained 0.5 percent against the Swiss franc , rising to 1.0800 francs, its highest level since the Swiss National Bank removed the 1.20 francs per euro cap on Jan 15. Against the yen, the euro was up 0.1 percent at 135.50 yen .
“We see the euro topping at around $1.15 against the dollar,” said Geoff Yu, currency strategist at UBS. “We retain our one-month forecast of $1.13.”
Traders said the terms of Greece's agreement were crucial for the euro to push higher in the short term. In a document seen by Reuters, Greece appeared to have moved substantially toward the position taken by euro zone finance ministers in negotiations on Monday that ended without a deal.
As a result, Greek bond yields retreated further from highs hit last week as the standoff between Greece's anti-austerity government and its EU/IMF lenders over a new debt deal rattled investors. (Editing by Crispian Balmer and Susan Fenton)
Sometimes teams are so good at making the right play at the right time that you forget how difficult football can be.
When Clemson's offense took the field with 4:01 left in the first half against Auburn on September 9, Clemson trailed 6-0. Its offense had done next to nothing, having gained just 40 yards in 19 snaps, punting twice, fumbling once, and missing a long field goal.
It was time to make some plays, so Clemson made some plays.
Clemson drove 88 yards in 3:18, scoring to take a 7-6 lead into halftime, then got the ball to start the second half and drove 79 yards in eight plays to take a 14-6 lead.
The rest of the game, Clemson gained 69 yards in 29 snaps. But its defense would sack Auburn's Jarrett Stidham seven times in the second half (11 times for the game), and the defending national champions won, 14-6.
Three weeks later in Blacksburg, Va., it was the same phenomenon.
Clemson converted three of four third-down conversions to start the game, drove for a field goal and a touchdown to take a 10-0 lead, then went three-and-out and five-and-out and missed a 41-yard field goal.
Virginia Tech got to within 10-3 after a 43-yard field goal, so Clemson flipped the switch: six plays, 75 yards, touchdown, 17-3 halftime lead.
Tech needed a good start to the second half and got it, forcing a three-and-out and taking the ball over near midfield. Trouble! Clemson's Dexter Lawrence forced a fumble, and Dorian O'Daniel recovered it. Trouble averted!
With the score 24-10 early in the fourth quarter, Tech got the ball back with a chance to begin a comeback. Trouble! Tech's Henri Murphy made a mess of a short pass, and it landed in O'Daniel's hands. Twenty-two yards later, it was 31-10. Trouble averted!
Clutch play is to sports fans like pornography to Chief Justice Potter Stewart: you know it when you see it. When a single player or team makes the right play at the right time, enough times, we just assume they're clutch, and that's the end of the story. Be it coaching, talent, or a combination of the two, when a team makes enough clutch plays in a row, they're clutch.
Clemson has won 14 of its last 16 one-possession games. It doesn't get any more clutch than that.
Dabo Swinney's Tigers have become college football's David Ortiz, its Kobe Bryant. Yeah, they might struggle through portions of games, and yeah, they might sometimes make certain contests closer than they need to be (hello, Troy 2016), but when the game is on the line, they're making the plays and you aren't.
It was Clemson that:
sacked Stidham three consecutive times to all but end the Auburn game.
scored 21 fourth-quarter points on Alabama in the 2016 national title game.
made a red zone interception with a minute left to seal the 2016 ACC title game.
drove 75 yards with three minutes left to beat Florida State in Tallahassee last October.
picked off an overtime pass to survive NC State two weeks before the trip to FSU.
stopped Louisville a yard and a half short on fourth down to win by six last September.
forced a late turnover on downs against Auburn to start 2016.
scored on four of five drives once down to North Carolina in the 2015 conference championship.
foiled a potential game-tying two-point conversion late in the 2015 monsoon game against Notre Dame.
Of course, Ortiz wasn't actually clutch, Kobe really wasn't clutch, and Clemson also fell victim to a late Pitt field goal last November, an upset that, under the wrong circumstances — a rash of unbeaten power conference champions, for instance — might have foiled the Tigers' national title hopes.
When you force yourself to be clutch over and over, you will eventually fail at it, even if Clemson makes it look easy.
S&P+ is not a résumé tool. It is not a “quality wins and quality losses” measure.
By any such résumé measure, Clemson's 2017 record is staggering at this point. The Tigers, with their three wins over top-15-at-the-time teams, have blown any other team's quality-wins total out of the water. If the CFP were selected tomorrow (and thank goodness it's not), the Tigers would be an unassailable No. 1 seed.
That doesn't make them No. 1 in my S&P+ or pretty much any other computer ratings system designed to look forward, though S&P+ had Clemson No. 1 before the polls did during the Tigers' 2015 Playoff run.
Such systems are designed to look at the most replicable paths to victory and reward the teams that follow them the closest. They are not inclined to give specific schools the benefit of the doubt. And they suggest the Tigers have some pretty clear improvements to make if they want to repeat as national champs.
The résumé is incredible, but that alone doesn't make Clemson the best team in the country. Not yet, anyway.
Here's what S&P+ sees in Clemson:
A team with minimal big-play capability . The Tigers rank a solid 22nd in offensive success rate, but in IsoPPP (which measures the magnitude of one's successful plays), they are just 108th. When you aren't recording a ton of big plays, that means you have to avoid mistakes for eight or 10 plays at a time to score touchdowns. Clemson ranks just 45th in points per scoring opportunity and 41st in passing-downs success rate. Once they fall behind the chains, they are not yet excellent at catching back up.
. The Tigers rank a solid 22nd in offensive success rate, but in IsoPPP (which measures the magnitude of one's successful plays), they are just 108th. When you aren't recording a ton of big plays, that means you have to avoid mistakes for eight or 10 plays at a time to score touchdowns. Clemson ranks just 45th in points per scoring opportunity and 41st in passing-downs success rate. Once they fall behind the chains, they are not yet excellent at catching back up. A team that gives up nearly as many sacks as it makes. Clemson's defense ranks second in Adjusted Sack Rate, but the offense ranks 111th. Kelly Bryant is getting sacked 8 percent of the time on standard downs (108th) and 12 percent on passing downs (109th).
Clemson's defense ranks second in Adjusted Sack Rate, but the offense ranks 111th. Kelly Bryant is getting sacked 8 percent of the time on standard downs (108th) and 12 percent on passing downs (109th). A team with pretty bad special teams. The Tigers rank 120th in Special Teams S&P+, and it's costing them about a point per game at the moment. They are 119th in punt efficiency, 114th in kick return efficiency, and 106th in field goal efficiency, and they just lost place-kicker Greg Huegel. Special teams can flip a game all by itself, and if it does so in a Clemson game this year, it's probably flipping it to the opponent. Plus, despite extreme defensive efficiency, special teams has led to Clemson ranking just 68th in field position margin.
Now, aside from Adjusted Sack Rate, the numbers referenced above are unadjusted for opponent. (We've almost played enough games to crack into the opponent adjustments full-bore.) But when looking at elite teams, we're looking for elite stats. Clemson is lacking in a few important categories.
The numbers also see lots of good things. Obviously. The Tigers are fifth in S&P+, after all. But when you see almost scripted performances like what Clemson put together against Virginia Tech, it's easy to simply assume the team will continue to make the right plays at the right times. That doesn't have to be the case.
Streaks end.
Beginning in 2012, Florida State won 12 straight one-possession games. Jimbo Fisher has proved to be one of the game's steadier close-game overachievers (as has Swinney), but after those 12 straight, FSU has lost four of its last six such games.
From 2013 through 2015, Michigan State won nine of 10 one-possession games. In 2016, the Spartans went 0-3.
Even if this is a hot streak doomed to end, though, it doesn't mean it has to end right away.
And besides that, Clemson has been leaving itself some room for error. The Tigers did, after all, win by two touchdowns in Blacksburg. And in between Auburn and Virginia Tech came a third game against an excellent opponent — Louisville on the road. The Tigers won by 26.
This is an awesome team, one that knows what it takes to survive a 15-game season and one with a coaching staff that knows the right buttons to push. Sooner or later, that button doesn't do what you want, and that'll be the case for the Tigers just as it has been for everyone else.
But this team is in the middle of an incredible run. We'll talk about its ending when it ends.
(ISNS) – While the world watches Olympians skate, jump and fly through the air in Sochi, researchers have turned their eyes to a much tinier but equally impressive athlete: the humble field ant.
New research published last month showed that the neck joint of a common field ant can withstand 5,000 times the ant's weight. Previously, ants had been photographed carrying dead baby birds, so it was estimated they could carry around 1,000 times their weight. But the new numbers surprised even the researchers.
“We guessed that the ants could withstand about 1,000 times their weight, so we figured we'd start there,” said Carlos Castro, a mechanical and aerospace engineer at The Ohio State University in Columbus. “Initially we didn't think this ant had any extreme capabilities, but they surprised us.”
Testing the ants' strength involved extreme and destructive measures.
Castro and his colleagues anesthetized common field ants and glued their heads to a centrifuge about the size of a compact disc. As the disc spun faster and faster, the forces applied to the ants increased – until their necks deformed, and their heads separated from their bodies at the tiny neck joint.
“We had to put a Plexiglas barrier around the centrifuge to protect the grad students,” said Castro, “because the ant bodies would go flying at the moment of rupture.” The ants' necks ruptured when the centrifuge applied forces of 3,400 to 5,000 times their average body weight.
In addition to the centrifugal studies, Castro used microcomputed tomography to reconstruct a 3-D model of the ant's neck joint.
He found that the surface of the ant's neck had a microstructure of bumps and folds that helped the ants shoulder large loads.
“From a materials standpoint, we found that the properties themselves are similar to other insects,” said Castro. “We think it's this design rather than material design that helps the ants.”
The full research was published in late January in the Journal of Biomechanics.
Other researchers noted that while ants are certainly strong, the research doesn't necessarily show how much weight than can actually lift and carry.
Karin Moll, a biologist and ant researcher at University College Freiburg in Germany who was not involved in the research, said that the 5,000 mark is impressive, but that it doesn't necessarily mean that the ants could lift that amount. “The authors showed that the ants can hold that amount, but this situation is different from carrying a load…loads that are actually carried are usually much smaller,” Moll wrote in an email to Inside Science.
Thomas Endlein, a researcher at the University of Glasgow who has studied the sticky pads on ants' feet, added that lifting large weights is problematic for several reasons -- including the muscle strength, the structural stiffness and balance.
“Muscle strength is often not a problem as smaller animals have relatively more muscle strength to their body weight compared to larger animals,” he wrote in an email to Inside Science. “Still, balancing the weights is a big problem. First, ants have to lever off the weights from the ground which is a tricky business if items are oddly shaped or heavy…then, balancing the item overhead when walking, [it] is also very tricky to avoid falling over.”
Mike Kaspari, a biologist at the University of Oklahoma, said that microbotics – the blending of biology and engineering to build tiny semi-smart animatrons – is one of the most exciting new technologies. “The hope is that these cheap microbots can explore, monitor, and fix our environment, as well as perform other tasks through sheer force of numbers,” he said. “This is another lovely example of how engineers look to the ant to inspire their designs.”
Castro said that the research could be applied to creating robots that could lift and carry more efficiently, taking a nod from the ants' hybrid soft-hard components. Researchers could also create better composite materials using the combination approach of soft and hard.
He also plans to study more ants from a mechanical point of view by looking at their musculature, and also at ants with different roles within the same species. “We really chose an everyday ant,” he said. “The most optimized ants may be able to withstand forces of 10,000 times their weight.”
Inside Science News Service is supported by the American Institute of Physics. Katharine Gammon (@kategammon) is a freelance science writer based in Santa Monica, Calif., and writes for a wide range of magazines covering technology, society, and animal science.
"I'm not sure if I have surfed the perfect wave yet. I'm still searching," says Jamie Mitchell, World Surf League Big Wave Tour surfer.
From highly skilled professional athletes to hobbyists after the rush of the open waves, surfing is enjoyed by people from all walks of life, from all over the planet. All you need is ocean (but not always), a board of some kind, waves, and a lot of enthusiasm.
While the tricks and twists of seasoned professionals amaze us, below the surface lies a raft of surfing science as impressive as the feats performed on the waves.
One wave could power over 30 million smartphones
Anyone who has watched waves crashing will have a sense of their enormous power and it is this power that may prove to be one of the most promising sources for renewable energy; potentially supplying 10% of global needs.
Waves are formed in a number of ways, but in most cases they are created by wind blowing over the surface of the ocean. As long as the wave travels forward slower than the speed of the wind, energy will be transferred from the wind to the wave.
There are clever and complicated equations that can accurately determine the amount of energy in a wave, but to put it simply the bigger the wave, the bigger the power and there are few places on Earth where the waves are as big as they are at Nazare in Portugal.
These monster Portuguese waves can reach epic proportions of over 100ft (30.5m) thanks to a combination of the location of the coast and the unique undersea features. Waves generated by storms in the North Atlantic are focused by a deep, arrow-shaped canyon 16,000ft (4877m) below the ocean's surface; these deep water waves then approach the shallow waters of the shore and start to climb up, meaning the waves at Nazare can get big. Real big!
"Nazare is like a 7th wonder of the World," says Mitchell (who is the defending Nazare Challenge winner).
"To surf waves at Nazare is an honour. You sort of feel like you're back in the day of the gladiators when the world is watching and you're trying to survive and perform at the same time," he says.
"To surf waves at Nazare is an honour."
Imagine the energy in a wave that stands as tall as an eight-storey building. It is estimated some of the waves at Nazare hold enough energy to power over 30 million smartphone batteries. It could be the ideal location for wave energy farms to harvest all that untapped power.
Waves hide amazing secrets
Aside from Nazare, there are a few other ‘big wave' spots around the world where the perfect conditions come together to create the kind of waves that surfers dream of.
Teahupoʻo village on the south-west coast of Tahiti is one such place. The waves here are big and steep and with the very real threat of falling onto its razor-sharp reef it has attracted the world's best and bravest (perhaps craziest) surfers.
The waves at Teahupoʻo are what scientists call “surging waves”; they aren't the tallest (the biggest waves are about 30ft / 9.1m high), but they are super thick, formed when deep water suddenly meets a shallow sharp shoreline.
Tahiti is a volcanic island and its rapidly growing reef creates a steep break (the point where the top of the wave starts to overtake the bottom causing it to spill over). This should result in large, uneven waves, but the waves at Teahupoʻo are unique and it's all down to geology.
Fresh water running down from Tahiti's mountainous region creates channels in the ocean floor where coral cannot grow. These channels funnel water from the shore back into the deeper ocean, creating clean waves and a fast current.
On top of this, the water coming through the channels builds up the thickness of the wave, making it look like the ocean is rising up, rather than a normal wave's ripple. The shore is extremely steep and the coral can't grow too deep leading to a more gradual wave.
All of these conditions come together to create a wave so intense Teahupoʻo is known as one of the best and most unique ‘big wave' surfing spots on the planet.
Surfers can travel faster than city traffic
Driving through a city can be painfully slow at times, particularly during rush hour. So it'll come as no surprise that average vehicle speed in Europe's most congested cities is only around 30km per hour (18.6mph), with London faring particularly badly at 19km per hour (11.8mph); a horse-drawn carriage could almost match this speed!
It was during the 2011 World Surf League's World Tour circuit in Australia that professional surfer Mick Fanning (nicknamed White Lightning) had his speed measured at an impressive 39.1km per hour (24.3mph); almost 10km per hour faster than you could drive around a city.
Ocean animals inspiring surf technology
Found on the underside of a surfboard, fins are critical to the stability, feel and control of the board. Traditionally, fins were rigid and made of wood, but advances in plastics and composite materials have produced fins that allow for greater control while turning on a wave.
Now it seems the future is in fins that mimic whale flippers.
Whales may be massive, but they are also graceful, and it is their ingenious flippers that help them stay so nimble. Their fins allow them to perform some impressive underwater acrobatics, especially in their tight, controlled turns.
Taking cues from whale's fabulous flippers is a new type of fin that flexes from the stiff edge at the front, which first makes contact with the water (leading edge) when in motion, to the fin's rear edge (trailing edge), with flexibility increasing as the fin tapers from front to back. It also flexes from the base to the tip, like conventional fins do, creating more speed in the turn as the flexing fin snaps back into place.
A second, more radical, fin design has a bumpy irregular surface along the leading edge, modelled after the tubercles on a humpback whale's flipper. As water flows over their flippers the large bumps create channels of fast-moving water which let the whale ‘grip' the water at sharper angles, tightly turning and circling, even at slow speed.
It's not just innovative board designs that animals have helped influence, but also the future of surf wear. In an effort to create a more efficient wetsuit (key for surfers who need to stay warm and agile on the waves), MIT engineers looked to the fur of beavers and sea otters for inspiration.
These semi-aquatic mammals have remarkable fur that traps pockets of air to keep them warm and dry when diving underwater. The MIT team fabricated fur-like rubbery pelts mimicking this unique ability to help them understand and ultimately recreate the effect.
A furry wetsuit designed for surfers and inspired by beavers, is very nearly a reality.
Surfboards to monitor our oceans
Scientists know that the world's oceans are changing; they are getting warmer and more acidic, leading to rising sea levels, stormier weather, and altered ecosystems and animal behaviour.
To measure our changing oceans and the effects on ocean life, scientists use research vessels, probes, sensors and satellites to collect a range of data from the open ocean, but it is much trickier nearer the shore where the waters can be rougher and much more challenging.
All this may be about to change thanks to a neat piece of tech designed by a team of scientists and used by citizen science surfers.
Smartfin is new technology almost identical to a traditional surf board fin, but with a hidden twist.The fin contains sensors that measure temperature and location for researchers to analyse. In the future, Smartfin hopes its sensors will be able to measure pH, salinity, dissolved oxygen and levels of chlorophyll.
Andrew Stern, founder of Smartfin and Associate Professor of Neurology at University of Rochester School of Medicine, says a Smartfin could help monitor the bleaching of coral reefs due and the populations of shellfish struggling with ocean acidification.
"What is unique about the Smartfin technology, and why it has taken four years and millions of dollars to develop, is its tiny size and it's very low cost compared with existing sensors of comparable accuracy.
"What Smartfin offers is a new generation of sensors that can be easily deployed in huge numbers and in previously inaccessible locations,” he says.
Dolphins like to surf
Dolphins have been observed riding the crest of big waves towards the shore and heading back out to sea before it breaks; even going out of their way to repeatedly ride the bow waves of large ships and whales, often leaping into the air with what seems like enjoyment.
So why would dolphins expend energy and waste time for what looks like little benefit? One theory is that they are playing - the behaviour looks to us like fun, it is done intentionally and voluntarily, and is repeated. Importantly, it is not performed when the animal is threatened or competing.
Equally it could also be that using the power of the waves is a more energy efficient way of travelling than swimming underwater. The impact of entering the waves might help to dislodge parasites on the skin, or the splashing noise it makes could also be a signal or communication to other dolphins in the area. There may also be free food when done alongside a fishing vessel, and when done in groups it may teach social bonding.
The answer could be a combination of any or all these; however, we like to think that perhaps dolphins just love to surf as much as we do!
Amazing aerial feats
Aerial surfing is a relatively modern and now common part of many competitions. It takes years to master and relies on the speed of the surfer as well as a light breeze over a vertical lip of at least a two-to-three-foot wave. Approach the lip of the wave at the right angle and it acts as a ramp to launch the surfer and their board into the air before landing back on the water.
The faster the surfer is riding a wave, the higher in the air they'll go after launch, and the more time in the air there is to pull off an amazing feat - a backflip, a superman, a rodeo flip, or the spectacular sushi roll.
"When you try something over and over again but don't quite get it right, the moment it finally clicks is so satisfying and you can't help but smile," says Lakey Peterson, World Surf League Championship Tour surfer and current world number seven.
Surfing is for everyone
Surfing is enjoyed by people from all walks of life and abilities; all that's needed is a willingness to give it a go and to love the ocean. Standing up on the board and riding those first waves will take practice, but given enough time and dedication you'll be surfing like a pro in no time.
"It will be the best decision you could ever make," says Peterson.
"Consistency is key and once it all comes together for you, you will be so happy you didn't quit," she adds.
Jessi Miley-Dyer is World Surf League's Women's Commissioner and former championship competitor and her advice for anyone wanting to take up surfing is to find a surf school and get a few lessons.
"Make sure that you can swim confidently and don't be disheartened if you don't get it straight away! You will be able to stand up, but it's one of those sports where you just need to keep trying.
"Give yourself a whole summer to cruise in the ocean and be part of the scene," she adds.
You've read the science, now watch some incredible surfers harnessing the power of the waves:
This media cannot be played on your device.
For more incredible ocean stories follow @OurBluePlanet on Twitter, and @BBCEarth on Facebook. We'd love to hear about your most magical ocean encounters #OurBluePlanet
#OurBluePlanet is a collaboration between BBC Earth and Alucia Productions.
With the “Obamacare-repeal” legislation passed yesterday in the U.S. House, California GOP Rep. Duncan Hunter has introduced the next Republican Congress repeal effort. Hunter's “Restore Military Readiness Act” is reopening debate on “Don't Ask, Don't Tell,” the 17-year-old policy lifted by lawmakers in December that banned gay soldiers from serving openly in the U.S. Armed Forces. Hunter's bill, which Colorado's Doug Lamborn signed onto as a co-sponsor, is already being criticized not as a true policy initiative but as a way to revisit the issue of gay rights and military readiness that generated sparks during the last days of the previous Democratic-controlled session of Congress.
Hunter's bill would require the heads of the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marines to independently sign off on whether or not to allow gays to serve openly. The Pentagon has already suggested that such a measure has no place in the world of the military, where strict adherence to chain of command is everything. The law repealing Don't Ask, Don't Tell in December already requires the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and President Obama as Commander in Chief to sign off on the process through which the ban on openly gay soldiers will be ended.
Hunter's bill is sure to come under fire from Democratic lawmakers and progressive voters who see the debate over Don't Ask Don't Tell as well-worn ground and as a legislative battle already won. More significant perhaps, the bill may also come under fire from voters and analysts on the right whose top priorities in the midterm elections were to bolster the economic recovery and rein in government spending.
The Government Accountability Office reported recently that the military spent more than $193 million between 2004 and 2009 to replace roughly 3,660 troops discharged under Don't Ask, Don't Tell. A University of California committee looking into the costs of the policy maintained that the GAO estimates were conservative. The UC Palm Center released a report in 2006 that estimated military spending on recruiting, discharging and replacing gay soldiers in the first decade of the policy was roughly $363.8 million. (ThinkProgress has posted a short blog on the topic that includes two of the charts from the recent GAO report.)
Hunter, a Marine veteran of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, said in a release that his bill “isn't necessarily” about lifting the repeal of DADT.
“The idea… is rather to ensure that military readiness and combat effectiveness are not adversely impacted. Given that the service chiefs carry most of the day-to-day responsibilities for each service branch, their independent certification is just as important and equally necessary.”
Hunter is a long way from the Marine Corps. “Independent certification” is the kind of phrase you may search long and hard for and fail to find in a Marine training manual.
Gen. James Amos, a Marine Corps commandant who publicly opposed the repeal in December, said he wouldn't hesitate to implement it if Congress passed it as law.
The UK and the EU have reached a historic agreement paving the way for Brexit talks - all but deadlocked for several weeks - to move on to trade and future relations next year.
A joint report by the Commission and the UK government has been published.
The agreement upholds the Good Friday Agreement, guarantees no hard Irish border, and seals Northern Ireland's status as an “integral part” of the UK.
It contains no figure for the UK's divorce bill but sets out how it will be calculated. British contributions remain as now until the end of 2020, and continue beyond.
EU citizens are to have rights protected. European Court jurisdiction in the UK will end, but British courts must “pay due regard” to EU case law.
Theresa May called the deal “hard won”, Jean-Claude Juncker described it as a “compromise”, both Donald Tusk and Michel Barnier warned of difficulties to come.
Breakthrough at breakfast
British Prime Minister Theresa May made an overnight dash to Brussels for a meeting with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker in Brussels. At breakfast time on Friday they appeared together to announce that enough progress had been made on priority issues to move the negotiations forward.
"This is a difficult negotiation but we have now made a first breakthrough. I am satisfied with the fair deal we have reached with the United Kingdom. If the 27 member states agree with our assessment, the European Commission and our Chief Negotiator Michel Barnier stand ready to being work on the second phase of the negotiations immediately," Juncker said.
“Getting to this point has required give and take on both sides, and I believe that the joint report being published is in the best interests of the whole of the UK,” Theresa May declared.
The head of Juncker's Cabinet, Martin Selmayr, tweeted a picture of white smoke - a humourous reference to the Vatican's tradition of announcing a new pope.
It's understood that Theresa May spoke to all key players overnight, including the Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar, to secure agreement. This is only the first stage in a long process ahead to secure a final Brexit deal itself. This stage simply enables the talks to move forward.
'Bulletproof' for Ireland… ‘positive' for Unionists
The agreement means that the objections of the UK government's allies, the Democratic Unionists (DUP) - which blocked the process earlier this week - have now been overcome.
Britain has now made substantive changes to an earlier proposed text for a deal with the EU, said the leader of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), Arlene Foster.
However, the DUP said more work was needed to clarify the arrangements given that Britain was committed to leaving both the EU's Single Market and the Customs Union.
Theresa May's office said she would continue to govern in the interests of all Northern Ireland and uphold the agreement that ended decades of sectarian violence in the province.
The Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar hailed a "politically bulletproof" agreement on his country's border with Northern Ireland, saying it pushed all sides towards a less economically damaging Brexit by Britain.
“We have achieved all that we set out to achieve in phase one of these negotiations… I am satisfied that sufficient progress has been made on the Irish issues, he told a news conference.
Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said there was no scenario now in the context of Brexit that would result in a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic.
Financial settlement and citizens' rights
The joint report says both parties have agreed a methodology for working out the divorce bill, to be drawn up and paid in euros.
The agreement does not give a figure regarding the UK's obligations to the EU. However, a spokesman for Theresa May said it was expected to be between 35 billion pounds (40 billion euros) and 39 billion pounds (44.5 billion euros). The prime minister said it would be “fair to the British taxpayer”.
UK budget contributions continue as now through a two-year transition period after March 2019, and the UK will continue paying beyond this date for liabilities incurred beforehand.
EU citizens living in the UK and British people on the continent will have their rights to live, work and study protected. However, the campaign group British in Europe condemned a "grubby bargain" that was a "double disaster for British people living in Europe", saying it left unclear the rights to automatic residency rights and free movement beyond a transition period.
The EU has compromised on its previous demands concerning the future role of the European Court of Justice. “It will be British judges who say what is the law in the United Kingdom,” said Michel Barnier. UK courts can refer cases to Luxembourg but this will end after eight years.
What next?
EU leaders meet next Thursday for a European Council summit; their backing is needed for talks to advance. EU Council President Donald Tusk says he will ask them to give the green light.
Both Juncker and Tusk have said work on the second phase of negotiations could begin “immediately”. This would cover the transition period of about two years as requested by the UK, and Britain's future relationship with the EU.
However, EU officials have said that London still needs to provide “more clarity” and that discussions with the UK government might not begin until February at the earliest.
What they have said
“We've now agreed a settlement that is fair to the British taxpayer… We will be able to invest more in our priorities at home, such as housing, schools and the NHS (National Health Service)” – UK Prime Minister Theresa May.
“While being satisfied with today's agreement, which is obviously the personal success of Prime Minister Theresa May, let us remember that the most difficult challenge is still ahead. We all know that breaking up is hard. But breaking up and building a new relation is much harder” - EU Council President Donald Tusk.
“Our recommendation to the European Council is now to go to phase two of the negotiations and that will be an important statement by the European parliament in the resolution next week” – European Parliament Brexit co-ordinator Guy Verhofstadt.
"This deal is even worse than we expected. After 18 months of wrangling the UK and EU have sold 4.5 million people down the river in a grubby bargain that will have a severe impact on ordinary people's ability to live their lives as we do now" - British in Europe, coalition of British citizens in Europe.
"We're pleased to see those changes because for me it means there's no red line down the Irish Sea and we have the very clear confirmation that the entirety of the United Kingdom is leaving the European Union, leaving the Single Market, leaving the Customs Union" – Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) leader Arlene Foster.
"The strongest political commitment that exists in this document is the commitment that there will be no hard border... They are politically bulletproof. They're cast iron" – Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar.
“I am absolutely clear that any special arrangements for Northern Ireland must now be available to other nations of the UK – the Scottish government will not accept any arrangements which risk putting Scotland at an economic disadvantage” – Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon.
“I think everyone understands that there is still much work for negotiators to do even if the European council decides to move into phase two of Brexit negotiations” – German government spokesman Steffen Seibert.
“The agreements reached between the European Union and the United Kingdom are good news and will minimize the costs of Brexit” – Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy.
“The British PM flying through the night to meet 3 unelected men and agree to every single one of their demands is humiliating for our country… This is not a deal, it's a capitulation” – ex-UKIP leader Nigel Farage.
“Under Theresa May, we are leaving the European Union in name only… Theresa May has betrayed the country and the 17.4 million Leave voters”- Arron Banks (leading backer of pro-Brexit campaign).
Minor spoilers for both Telltale's 'The Walking Dead: A New Frontier' and AMC's 'The Walking Dead' follow.
Telltale's latest foray into The Walking Dead universe is impressive, if still limited by the developer's insistence on not really changing the formula much over the past few years.
And while I'm not a huge fan of this style of game---point-and-click narrative games with little in the way of "play" to be found---and think Telltale needs to stretch its wings more when it comes to innovation, I still found the first two episodes of A New Frontier pretty compelling.
This is, partly at least, because it's so much better than anything we've gotten from AMC's TV adaptation of the comics. The TV show has descended into a deep malaise, riddled with strange character decisions, uninteresting villains, and terribly contrived conflicts that make little sense, not to mention a pacing problem that drags the showdown to such a crawl, even the most mutilated zombie could race it to the finish line.
A New Frontier, on the other hand, is a far more personal drama with emotional weight and surprising twists. Sure, it's still beholden to the dreary world of The Walking Dead and adopts some of the TV show's worst habits---any time the heroes show up some place, that place is doomed, probably within days---but at least there are characters we can enjoy and root for, and at least the bad guys have a little more depth. There's also some mystery tied into the backstory that, by the end of episode two, had me on the edge of my seat.
In other words, there's a lot the TV show could learn from the game, not the least of which is that taking chances and straying from the comics can open the door to new and better stories.
There's some great (and terrible) surprises, some familiar faces, and more than a few tough choices. Without playing it twice, I can't say for sure how much of an impact your choices make, but I certainly felt the weight of them as I played. When I have time I'll go back and replay to find out.
One familiar face is Clementine, who returns as a side character this season. Another is Jesus, who is way, way better in the game than he is on the TV show.
From simply a story standpoint, A New Frontier blows anything we've seen on the TV show lately out of the water.
From a gameplay standpoint, I really wish Telltale would break out of the mold a little bit. With other games like Life is Strange and King's Quest coming out that do more within the same genre, it would be nice to see Telltale do the same. There's not enough challenge, for one thing.
When all my button choices come down to Q, E and some version of "Left" and "Right" there's not that much to challenge you. The occasional fail (usually when I'm not paying close enough attention) results in restarting a few seconds back. I'd prefer to see more occasions when a failed QTE resulted in a different outcome rather than just a rinse-repeat. Likewise, hitting the wrong button should count against players; instead, I often accidentally hit "W" and then "E" right after and it still counts as a success.
I'd also like to see more variety in the types of QTE's we're faced with. There's the basic buttons you have to press and one "mash Q" type move and that's it. And sometimes you have to aim within a very generous target circle. I'd like more variety to keep things interesting. This aspect of the game should be just as compelling as the dialogue choices, or nearly so.
In any case, the zombie genre is feeling pretty stale right now. The Walking Dead is on wobbly walker legs for the most part. At least A New Frontier tries to tell a more interesting story with more approachable characters.
Have you played the new season yet? What do you think so far?
Trump Names Retired Marine Corps General To Lead Secret Service
Enlarge this image toggle caption Wilfredo Lee/AP Wilfredo Lee/AP
President Trump has chosen Randolph "Tex" Alles to lead the U.S. Secret Service, turning to an outsider to head the beleaguered agency tasked with protecting the president and his family.
toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images
A retired Marine Corps general, Alles is currently acting deputy commissioner of customs and border protection. He is the first Secret Service director in recent history not to come from within the ranks — a step many congressional critics have said is necessary to remake the service's culture.
The Secret Service faces an array of challenges. Most recently, its budget has been stretched this year as it watches over a president who travels between several residences, in addition to protecting his immediate family, which oversees a worldwide business. And first lady Melania Trump has remained in New York City while the couple's son, Barron, finishes school.
And there have also been persistent problems guarding the White House, with the most recent coming when a man scaled the fence and wandered the White House grounds for some 17 minutes before being apprehended. That resulted in the firing of two uniformed officers.
The Secret Service has ranked among the lowest of all federal agencies in terms of employee morale, and the conduct of some of its agents has raised eyebrows and led to disciplinary actions and retirements.
The appointment, which does not require Senate confirmation, was welcomed by key members of Congress, including House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah.
"Appointing a director from the outside adds a necessary new perspective and fresh approach to their zero-fail mission," Chaffetz said in a statement. "I look forward to working with General Alles in continuing to implement recommendations put forth in our bipartisan Committee report."
That report called for structural changes at the agency, as well as the appointment of a director from outside the ranks. Mississippi Rep. Bennie Thompson, the top Democrat on the House Homeland Security Committee, said he hopes Alles can "continue to bring needed to reform to the Secret Service that began in the previous administration."
Alles will take over from Acting Director William Callahan, who stepped into the post following the retirement of Joseph Clancy last month.
HUNDREDS of teary Thai citizens, many dressed in the auspicious pink, have gathered outside the Bangkok hospital awaiting news from the government on the health condition of King Bhumibol Adulyadej, the world's longest reigning monarch.
But even as the palace has yet to make an official announcement on the matter, social media is already awash with rumors spreading like wildfire, claiming of the king's passing. Several media outlets have also picked up on the news, which has yet been verified.
A UK-based journalist and lecturer Andrew MacGregor Marshall, quoting sources, wrote in a series of Twitter posts at about 5pm that the king had died.
“Breaking – King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand has died, several senior royal and palace sources have confirmed to me,” he wrote.
BREAKING—King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand has died, several senior royal and palace sources have confirmed to me. — Andrew MacG Marshall (@zenjournalist) October 13, 2016
BREAKING—King Bhumibol Adulyadej died a few hours ago, according to senior palace sources. Announcement this evening in Thailand — Andrew MacG Marshall (@zenjournalist) October 13, 2016
He later added that the king had died “a few hours ago”, again quoting sources.
Hong Kong Free Press posted a story on its site shortly after at about 5.30pm, quoting Chinese state media outlet Xinhua as claiming that the Thai Bureau of the Royal Household had confirmed the death.
Xinhua and the South China Morning Post reportedly pulled their breaking news report on the matter, however, Hongkong Free Press said.
Chinese news reported at 2:26PM today that #King Bhumibol Adulyadej of #Thailand passed away. No word from Thai media as of yet. pic.twitter.com/c6LjCDFbJl — SmartKnowledgeU (@smartknowledgeu) October 13, 2016
SEE ALSO: Thailand King Bhumibol Adulyadej ‘still unstable', palace says
Asian Correspondent is not able to immediately verify the news. Other major international and local Thai news outlets have yet to report the king's alleged death.
BBC's Southeast Asia Correspondent Johnathan Head meanwhile wrote that an “unscheduled” Thai Cabinet meeting was expected at 5pm and a palace announcement at 5.30pm.
Unscheduled Thai cabinet meeting expected at 1700. Palace announcement at 17.30. — Jonathan Head (@pakhead) October 13, 2016
“Public told to wait for announcement from the palace,” he wrote on the microblogging site.
A Khaosad English report said later, however, that this was not true.
It quoted government spokesman Lt Gen Sansern Kaewkamnerd as denying that the interim Cabinet planned to hold the special meeting.
When asked if the palace planned to issue any statement on the monarch's condition later Thursday, he reportedly declined to comment, only saying, “I should not be answering this question.”
On Twitter again, however, MacGregor later claimed that there would be an announcement on the matter by 6pm. He added: “Yes I know I am the only journalist in the world reporting that King Bhumibol is dead. I can assure you the news is correct.”
Yes I know I am the only journalist in the world reporting that King Bhumibol is dead. I can assure you the news is correct. — Andrew MacG Marshall (@zenjournalist) October 13, 2016
BREAKING—Official announcement of King Bhumibol's death will be at 6 pm local time on Thai television — Andrew MacG Marshall (@zenjournalist) October 13, 2016
King Bhumibol has long been seen as a unifying symbol of Thailand, a country deeply polarized and wracked by years of political uncertainty.
Earlier Wednesday, Thailand's Royal Household Bureau said the king's condition had not improved since Sunday.
The 88-year-old was on Sunday placed on a ventilator after his blood pressure dropped. Doctors were at the time preparing him for hemodialysis treatment and changing a tube to drain fluid from his spine.
SEE ALSO: Prayers, well wishes pour in for ailing Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej
The palace said the king's blood pressure dropped occasionally during the dialysis, a treatment to cleanse the blood of toxins, excess salt, and fluids.
Since Monday, members of the public have been arriving in droves to the Siriraj Hospital, where their beloved monarch is being treated for a number of illnesses, including lung infection and acute kidney failure.
Thailand's stock market and currency have tumbled and the prime minister has canceled an overseas trip amid concerns about the long-ailing king's health.
The Stock Exchange of Thailand's benchmark fell nearly 7 percent Wednesday afternoon before recovering somewhat for a 4.1 percent loss for the day. Thai stocks have slid daily since Sunday, when the royal palace announced that Bhumibol's condition was unstable, the first time it has used that phrase regarding the king's health.
Also Wednesday, the Thai baht fell 1.1 percent to end at 35.76 to a dollar.
Bhumibol, 88, is the world's longest reigning monarch. He has spent most of the last decade in a hospital.
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-8', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 8', target_type: 'mix' });
Photo: Karen Warren / Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Image 2 of 9 Catchers
Jason Castro is a former All-Star who gets high marks for his superb ability to handle the pitching staff. Max Stassi, who has made brief cameos in the majors the last three years, might finally get a chance to secure a regular spot in the 25-man roster now that Hank Conger has been traded. Jason Castro is a former All-Star who gets high marks for his superb ability to handle the pitching staff. Max Stassi, who has made brief cameos in the majors the last three years, might finally get a chance to secure a regular spot in the 25-man roster now that Hank Conger has been traded. less CATCHER
Jason Castro is a former All-Star who gets high marks for his superb ability to handle the pitching staff. Max Stassi, who has made brief cameos in the majors the last three years, might Jason Castro is a former All-Star who gets high marks for his superb ability to handle the pitching staff. Max Stassi, who has made brief cameos in the majors the last three years, might ... more Photo: Karen Warren / Houston Chronicle Image 3 of 9 Outfields
Barring a trade, left fielder Colby Rasmus, center fielder Carlos Gomez and right fielder George Springer give the Astros a superb defensive outfield group. Speedy backup Jake Marisnick can excel defensively throughout the outfield, and left fielder Preston Tucker can provide lefthanded pop off the bench. Barring a trade, left fielder Colby Rasmus, center fielder Carlos Gomez and right fielder George Springer give the Astros a superb defensive outfield group. Speedy backup Jake Marisnick can excel defensively throughout the outfield, and left fielder Preston Tucker can provide lefthanded pop off the bench. less OUTFIELD
Barring a trade, left fielder Colby Rasmus, center fielder Carlos Gomez and right fielder George Springer give the Astros a superb defensive outfield group. Speedy backup Jake Marisnick Barring a trade, left fielder Colby Rasmus, center fielder Carlos Gomez and right fielder George Springer give the Astros a superb defensive outfield group. Speedy backup Jake Marisnick ... more Photo: Karen Warren / Houston Chronicle Image 4 of 9 STARTING ROTATION
Ace lefthander Dallas Keuchel, the 2015 AL Cy Young winner, anchors a solid rotation. Collin McHugh is the most underrated 19-game winner in recent memory, and hard-throwing righthander Lance McCullers could be a front-line starter soon. Mike Fiers, who threw a no-hitter against the Dodgers last year, is a solid starter at the back end of the rotation.
The Astros are still searching for another starter. Scott Feldman was one of the top pitchers in the AL last August, but his season was derailed by a right shoulder injury. Feldman's health status is a major reason the Astros are trying to add a starting pitcher this winter. Michael Feliz might get a chance to compete for the fifth spot in the rotation if the Astros somehow don't add a starter. Ace lefthander Dallas Keuchel, the 2015 AL Cy Young winner, anchors a solid rotation. Collin McHugh is the most underrated 19-game winner in recent memory, and hard-throwing righthander Lance McCullers could be a front-line starter soon. Mike Fiers, who threw a no-hitter against the Dodgers last year, is a solid starter at the back end of the rotation.The Astros are still searching for another starter. Scott Feldman was one of the top pitchers in the AL last August, but his season was derailed by a right shoulder injury. Feldman's health status is a major reason the Astros are trying to add a starting pitcher this winter. Michael Feliz might get a chance to compete for the fifth spot in the rotation if the Astros somehow don't add a starter. less STARTING ROTATION
Ace lefthander Dallas Keuchel, the 2015 AL Cy Young winner, anchors a solid rotation. Collin McHugh is the most underrated 19-game winner in recent memory, and hard-throwing Ace lefthander Dallas Keuchel, the 2015 AL Cy Young winner, anchors a solid rotation. Collin McHugh is the most underrated 19-game winner in recent memory, and hard-throwing ... more Photo: Karen Warren / Chronicle Image 5 of 9 Image 6 of 9 Bullpens
Hard-throwing RHP Ken Giles will give the Astros bullpen the dominant power arm that was missing last season. He's the first dominant power arm in the Astros' bullpen since Brad Lidge was traded to the Phillies and the first to consistently hit 100 mph since Billy Wagner in 2003. Lidge and Wagner were both dealt to the Phillies, and now Philadelphia has returned the favor, so to speak. With Giles closing.
Former closer Luke Gregerson will give manager A.J. Hinch a stud setup man who can close. Will Harris, Pat Neshek , Tony Sipp and Josh Fields round out what could be a dominant bullpen. Michael Feliz could be an option in the bullpen as well, but the Astros still believe he can start consistently. LHP Kevin Chapman could challenge for a spot as a second lefty. Hard-throwing RHP Ken Giles will give the Astros bullpen the dominant power arm that was missing last season. He's the first dominant power arm in the Astros' bullpen since Brad Lidge was traded to the Phillies and the first to consistently hit 100 mph since Billy Wagner in 2003. Lidge and Wagner were both dealt to the Phillies, and now Philadelphia has returned the favor, so to speak. With Giles closing.Former closer Luke Gregerson will give manager A.J. Hinch a stud setup man who can close. Will Harris, Pat Neshek , Tony Sipp and Josh Fields round out what could be a dominant bullpen. Michael Feliz could be an option in the bullpen as well, but the Astros still believe he can start consistently. LHP Kevin Chapman could challenge for a spot as a second lefty. less BULLPEN
Hard-throwing RHP Ken Giles will give the Astros bullpen the dominant power arm that was missing last season. He's the first dominant power arm in the Astros' bullpen since Brad Lidge Hard-throwing RHP Ken Giles will give the Astros bullpen the dominant power arm that was missing last season. He's the first dominant power arm in the Astros' bullpen since Brad Lidge ... more Photo: Rich Schultz / Getty Images Image 7 of 9 DEPARTED
1B Chris Carter, RHP Chad Qualls, C Hank Conger, LHP Scott Kazmir, RHP Vince Velasquez, SS Jonathan Villar, SS Jed Lowrie, LHP Oliver Perez, OF Robbie Grossman, OF L.J. Hoes. 1B Chris Carter, RHP Chad Qualls, C Hank Conger, LHP Scott Kazmir, RHP Vince Velasquez, SS Jonathan Villar, SS Jed Lowrie, LHP Oliver Perez, OF Robbie Grossman, OF L.J. Hoes. less DEPARTED
1B Chris Carter, RHP Chad Qualls, C Hank Conger, LHP Scott Kazmir, RHP Vince Velasquez, SS Jonathan Villar, SS Jed Lowrie, LHP Oliver Perez, OF Robbie Grossman, OF L.J. 1B Chris Carter, RHP Chad Qualls, C Hank Conger, LHP Scott Kazmir, RHP Vince Velasquez, SS Jonathan Villar, SS Jed Lowrie, LHP Oliver Perez, OF Robbie Grossman, OF L.J. ... more Photo: Karen Warren / Chronicle Image 8 of 9 <b>ADDED</b> <br> RHP Ken Giles, RHP Brendan McCurry, RHP Cy Sneed. <b>ADDED</b> <br> RHP Ken Giles, RHP Brendan McCurry, RHP Cy Sneed. Photo: Hunter Martin / Getty Images Image 9 of 9 With Ken Giles locked up, Astros now searching for a starter or bat 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
With premier bullpen arms Tony Sipp and Ken Giles in the fold, the Astros can turn their attention to adding starting pitching and possibly a position player.
“I think we're going to look at either bringing in another pitcher for the rotation or a bat of some sort,” general manager Jeff Luhnow said Saturday. “We're going to be creative and think through different options and see where we end up but our work's not done.”
The Astros have shown interest in Yovani Gallardo and Scott Kazmir, and could use position-player help at the corner-infield spots and catcher.
Creativity, as Luhnow put it, leaves the door wide open. Hypothetically, the Astros could trade from an area of strength, such as the outfield, to fill one of those areas of need — perhaps in the rotation — and then make an upgrade in the outfield through free agency.
The Astros' payroll is still looking meager, and based on comments owner Jim Crane and Luhnow have made this offseason, there should be room to spend.
Hank Conger's departure at the non-tender deadline in a trade with the Rays leaves Max Stassi as the favorite to be the team's backup catcher, while Jon Singleton is the favorite at first base. Singleton is making $2 million a season, and as slugging prospect A.J. Reed nears the majors, the Astros would do well to see just what they have in Singleton, who hasn't had big-league success yet.
evan.drellich@chron.com
twitter.com/evandrellich
I can remember the very first time someone called me a nigger. I was 12 years old and in the 8th grade. I was walking from the gifted program at Kenwood high school in Chicago back to Kozminski, my grammar school. I wasn't alone, there were 5 of us that walked that way every day. Two boys and three girls. All kind of nerdy, but with delusions of coolness ahead in high school. And every day these two cops stopped us, and made us late getting to our regular school. They always asked the same questions, and we always gave the same answers. This day, for some reason or another they were really dragging out the BS & one of the guys with me made a comment about them making us late every day.
One of the cops was a white male who always seemed super angry that we were coming from the advanced program, and he took Larry's offhand comment as backtalk. Next thing you know he's got the boys on the ground, and is talking about arresting them. Being me (I was born a smart ass know it all), I said they hadn't committed any crimes, and that he couldn't do that to them. His response? He shoved his hand in my face and yelled “You uppity little nigger, don't you talk to me that way!” It was loud. Loud enough that it drew the attention of an adult in the store on the corner. He came out to see what was going on, and the cops took off.
We'd never told anyone about the daily harassment, and while we were explaining ourselves to the store's owner he told us to go to school, and tell our principal everything. Our school was only another few blocks away, so we booked it thinking that the cops might show up again. They didn't. In fact we never saw them again.
I'd like to say they realized the error of their ways, but I suspect that it had more to do with us telling our story, and the principal calling our parents, Operation PUSH, the local alderman, and the precinct captain. Probably in that order, and probably with a threat to involve the media. That wasn't the last time someone called me a nigger, it wasn't even the scariest time someone said it to me. But, it was the time I remember the most vividly, because it came from an adult that we were supposed to be able to trust.
So, when people claim that Woman is The Nigger of The World? I want them to remember that not every woman is going to be called a nigger. Trust me, if I could give that word up I would, I certainly don't want it. But I can't, and I refuse to pretend that what happened to me could happen to a white woman. I can't even give a rough estimate of how many times I've been called a nigger. Online it happens fairly often from people I've pissed off & trolls. Offline, people are less willing to say it to my face, but I know it's still getting said. I have no idea why it is so important to be able to use that word for some people, but they really want to use it. Okay. Use it.
But, be prepared for possible consequences. I don't care if you were joking, your black friend is okay with it, you didn't mean it the black way, or whatever other dumb shit you want to tell yourself to justify it. At best? We'll all know you're untrustworthy as an ally, and we'll probably assume you're racist. (Trust me, no one gives a shit about your intent when you're spouting racial slurs.) At worst? Well…you should have health and dental. Really good health & dental. Racism can be expensive.
The billionaire is annoyed that Beck is appearing on TV as a Trump 'expert,' and has begun tweeting at news presenters to set them straight
Donald Trump on Wednesday clobbered a female attorney who once tussled with him in a real estate lawsuit, saying she was a 'whack-job' who 'invented stories' out of revenge and 'really knows nothing about me' despite being featured in cable TV interviews about him.
Elizabeth Beck became a household name this week in conjunction with a story about a deposition Trump gave in 2011, during which he says she calmly announced her intention to operate a breast-milk pump while he continued to answer her questions under oath.
As Trump's political popularity gathers steam, news media have seized on every opportunity to tell and retell old Trump stories – and Beck has had her 15 minutes of fame.
Trump ultimately prevailed in a jury trial and was awarded $350,000 in legal fees, he told DailyMail.com in an exclusive interview on Wednesday.
'Let me tell you: She's a whack-job,' the pack-leading presidential candidate said in his spacious Trump Tower office. 'She was crazy! And she represented her clients very poorly.'
'SHE'S A WHACK-JOB': Donald Trump said Wednesday that lawyer Elizabeth Beck was lying about the circumstances of a 2011 legal deposition – during which, he says, she pulled out a breast milk pump and said she intended to use it while he answered questions
15 MINUTES OF FAME: Beck insists she was told the proceedings couldn't go into recess so she could pump breast milk, but Trump and his attorney say she was given ample opportunities for breaks and was just trying to throw him off-balance
TWITTER: Trump hammered CNN for giving Beck a one-sided interview, and the network later included his tweets in follow-up coverage
'Here's the bottom line,' he said: 'I won the case, and I got legal fees, okay? But she is now this "expert" on Donald Trump? She lost the case!'
Trump insisted that he would have had no objection to a recess so the attorney could operate her pump in private.
'If she needed a break to breast pump or whatever, I mean – well, that's unusual, we're in a legal proceeding – but you know I've had more unusual things happen,' he said.
'But I'll tell you what she wanted to do. ... She wanted to breast-pump in front of me during a deposition. And I said, "That is just horrendous that somebody can suggest that".'
Attorney Alan Garten popped into Trump's office to confirm that Beck had begun to aseemble the pump on the legal conference table.
'She was getting ready to put it on,' Trump told DailyMail.com.
'That's absolutely true,' Garten agreed.
'And I said, "What are you doing?"' the billionaire resumed. 'She said, "I'm going to breast-pump." She said, "I need milk." And I may have said "That's disgusting".'
'I may have said that,' Trump admitted. 'I'm not even going to deny that.'
'But give me a break, okay?'
Trump said the 2007 lawsuit had been a distant memory until Beck turned up on his TV screen during a political segment.
'She went on like she's this great authority on me,' he said, when 'I only sat in front of her for a deposition once.'
'COMING OUT OF THE WOODWORK': The billionaire said marginal figures from his past, like Beck, are cashing in on his political celebrity by claiming to be Trump experts
THE POWER OF 140 CHARACTERS: Trump uses if 3.38 million followers on Twitter to reshape the public narrative about events in his past, including the Florida lawsuit where his lawyers defeated Beck
He blamed CNN in particular for giving Beck a platform, but said he had used the power of Twitter to shame the network into putting her comments into context.
'I tweeted today' about her, he boasted, 'and they just put it on CNN – my tweets! That's the beautiful thing about tweets.'
'ASK ALAN GARTEN TO COME IN!' he shouts to an unseen aide.
While waiting for his attorney to come, Trump's mouth hardly skips a beat as he recounts his digital triumph like a play-by-play announcer.
'She's on at, like, eight o'clock – "Yes, Donald Trump, and he's this, and he's that, and he got very angry with me, and BUP ba BUP ba BUP".'
'So what happens ... This morning I'm tweeting, and I say Elizabeth Beck was an awful lawyer, and one of the tweets was that Beck lost the case and I got legal fees!'
'Now when you get legal fees,' he adds, 'that's really losing. Because very few judges will –
Garten saunters in. 'Did I get legal fees from Beck?' Trump asks him.
'Uh, $350,000,' he replies.
'I got three hundred and fifty thousand in legal fees! And it was a jury trial,' Trump goes on. 'We went through a jury trial and I was the primary witness. The jury came back unanimous in my favor. And she is now my expert?'
'But here's the beautiful thing.' Trump refocuses. 'I did three tweets.'
Trump was testifying in a lawsuit over a failed Florida real estate project in 2011 when Beck unveiled her breast pump during a deposition, agreed Alan Garten (left), Trump's attorney at the time
'HEY MEREDITH!' he shouts. 'GET ME THE THREE TWEETS ON ELIZABETH BECK PLEASE!'
'So I did three tweets.'
'GIVE DAVID THE FOUR OR FIVE TWEETS I DID THIS MORNING!'
'I tweet @CNN and @CNNpolitics, and .... they play her again later on, and they put in my tweets the second time! Like I tell them "you forgot to say that Elizabeth Beck lost the case. You forgot to say that Elizabeth Beck wanted to do breast pumping in front of me!"'
'She was sitting there like you,' he says again, for emphasis. 'She pulled out a pump!'
'But if I didn't tweet, what would I do?' he muses, slowing down the cadence of his speech for a sip of diet soda.
'I'd call you, I'd put out a statement maybe. And then what?'
'But I put it out there, and within five minutes of putting out a tweet, CNN puts it up on the thing. And I think I totally knocked her out of the box.'
Trump told CNN correspondent Dana Bash later on Wednesday that the stories Beck has told about him screaming at her durign the deposition are untrue.
'She made it up. She made it up,' he said. 'She's saying, "Oh, he was so violent and he was so, so wild and she was afraid".'
'She was afraid of nobody. She's a tough killer in Miami everyone knows she's a killer. They all hate her.'
It came out at the trial that the late Trayvon Martin, before his savage, possibly racially-motivated attack on George Zimmerman, referred to Zimmerman as a “creepy ass cracker”.
Joan Walsh, a Nice White Lady who is “editor at large” at Salon, commented that whites had no business complaining about racial epithets (even if they preceded what in one way or another was actually a hate crime) because
"no social order has ever been devised whereby African-Americans oppress people they deride as 'crackers'."[Crackers, please… | Who cares if Trayvon Martin called George Zimmerman a “creepy ass cracker”? White grievance-mongers, that's who, June 27, 2013]
James Taranto of the Wall Street Journal sort of agrees with this thesis:
"in the main, true. Today there is systematic discrimination against whites, but to call it "oppression" would be a gross overstatement."['Cracking' the Case | A racial turnabout in the George Zimmerman trial, July 1, 2013]
Taranto points out that there is not, in the United States, systematic discrimination against blacks (illegal for almost 50 years, and monitored by a powerful Federal government) but there is, by law and various Supreme Court and Executive Branch actions, "systematic discrimination against whites". (Taranto occasionally has a rush of common sense to the head on racial issues, but rarely carries it far enough.)
On Twitter, he gets some skepticism from someone called Jonathan Potts, who wonders what harm has been done to whites:
@jamestaranto What would you consider "systematic discrimination against whites?" — Jonathan Potts (@jepotts) July 1, 2013
.@jepotts Racial preferences, set-asides and unequal enforcement of civil rights laws. @DianneKeeb — James Taranto (@jamestaranto) July 1, 2013
Well, I could say more about the social order "whereby African-Americans oppress people they deride as 'crackers', " and Paul Kersey has said a lot more. But what makes liberals skeptical about anti-white discrimination is that whites aren't failures. That is, they don't fill the jails, they're not on welfare that much, they do a lot of the important jobs in society, and they keep passing standardized tests.
In a 2003 column about the defenestration of Trent Lott, removed from his post as Senate Majority Leader for a remark, never mind what, that supposedly offended blacks, Paul Craig Roberts wrote:
In the old feudal system, there were no First Amendment rights. The legally privileged were free to engage in hate speech and to verbally harass others, but any commoner who replied in kind could be sued or have his tongue cut out. Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott still has his tongue, but just barely. He used his tongue in a way that gave offense to the new aristocrats. Black Americans have been granted the right to be offended by any words they don't like and to extract retribution. The offending speaker finds himself forced into contrition and humiliating apologies. Often the penalty is a destroyed career. Lott A Victim Of The New Feudalism, December 16, 2002
Law Professor Eugene Volokh, reading that column on the Washington Times website, was skeptical
Wow, "Black Americans" are "the new aristocrats". Quite a remarkable feudal system, that: Aristocrats have a lower standard of living than the "commoners." They have a lower life expectancy. More of them are arrested and imprisoned, per capita, than commoners. CONSERVATIVE EXCESSES , January2, 2003
Reading that, I remember thinking that if whites were second-class citizens, they weren't second-rate citizens. You see, the lower black standard of living is not caused by discrimination, nor is the lower life expectancy, nor is the crime rate.
In 2002, when Paul Craig Roberts wrote that column, Paula Deen had just appeared on the Oprah Winfrey Show for the first time. (Oprah's net worth is 2.7 billion dollars. ) 16 years before that Paula Deen had been robbed at gunpoint by an African-American named Eugene Thomas King while she was working at a bank, and referred to him in the aftermath–in a private conversation with her husband–with a Deplorable Word.
Now Paula Deen has lost her job, because that word offended the “new aristocrats”.
However, to answer to Joan Walsh's idea that "no social order has ever been devised whereby African-Americans oppress people they deride as 'crackers'", this is simply not true.
I can give the following half-dozen examples off the top of my head::
George Zimmerman survived the race-based attack on him by Trayvon Martin. He survived the race-based prosecution in Florida. He is now under threat of prosecution by Eric Holder's Justice Department, and President Obama is using his bully pulpit to attack him on national television.
Do you think he agrees with Ms. Walsh that “no social order has ever been devised whereby African-Americans oppress” people like him?
Email Joan Walsh and ask her.
James Fulford [email him] is a writer and editor for VDARE.com
WASHINGTON— President Donald Trump doesn't see the need for a proposed border wall to stretch the length of the roughly 2,000-mile (3,218 kilometer) frontier with Mexico.
Instead, he envisions “anywhere from 700 (1,126 kilometers) to 900 miles (1,448 kilometers)” of see-through wall.
Trump's comments on the wall are the most definitive description he has given on what became a primary campaign promise. During the campaign vowed to oversee construction of a “big beautiful wall, with a big beautiful door” to let approved immigrants come into the United States.
MORE: Here's what the Mexico border wall looks like now
But on his way to Paris, Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One, “It's a 2,000 (3,218 kilometer) mile border, but you don't need 2,000 miles of wall because you have a lot of natural barriers. You have mountains. You have some rivers that are violent and vicious. You have some areas that are so far away that you don't really have people crossing.”
Trump's remarks were informal and initially not allowed to be reported. The White House later provided a partial transcript of them.
There are already about 650 miles (1,046 kilometers) of fencing along the border, all of which is see-through.
The Mexican border in much of Texas is defined by the Rio Grande, though parts of that river are little more than a trickle of water. About 24 miles (38 kilometers) of the border in Arizona is marked by the Colorado River.
During the campaign, Trump vowed to oversee construction of a “big beautiful wall, with a big beautiful door” to let approved immigrants come into the United States.
Trump also said the wall “needs transparency.”
“You have to be able to see through it,” Trump said, adding that border agents need to know what or who is on the other side of the fence to avoid being hit by sacks of drugs and other contraband.
“As horrible as it sounds, when they throw the large sacks of drugs over, and if you have people on the other side of the wall, you don't see them. They hit you on the head with 60 pounds (27 kilograms) of stuff? It's over,” Trump said.
Drug smugglers have tried to fling bundles of drugs over parts of the roughly 650 miles of border that already has fencing or other barriers, using tactics including sling shots and catapults. But it's unclear if anyone has ever been injured by the flying contraband.
READ MORE: Why Trump is supporting solar panels along the U.S.-Mexico border
Earlier this year the government issued two notices for border wall proposals. The first called for a solid structure up to 30 feet (9.14 meters) high that couldn't be easily breached. The second bid notice called for other types of walls, including something that could be seen through.
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly has said that border agents need to be able to see what is on the other side of a barrier for security and safety reasons. He has repeatedly said that Trump's proposed wall would not be “sea to shining sea,” from the Pacific Ocean in the west to the Gulf of Mexico in the east.
Assaults on Border Patrol agents are on the rise in recent months and the agency has long said that rocks hurled at agents are a serious safety concern.
To start if you're seeing this in https://steemit.com/@yourusername/permissions
You're putting your account at risk and the reason is if you get hacked you're giving them access to every key you own on steemit. But don't panic ill teach you what you need to do.
Steps you will need to take for making your account more secure:
Secure your main password you made when first signing up somewhere no one will find it.
Show Your post private key by clicking the button and copy to a place no one else can find it.
Show Your active private key by clicking the button then copy to a safe place.
You can copy the memo private if you need to but you likely won't need it.
Now copy your private posting key and use that as your password to login.
Once logging in and going back to the permission page it should look like this.
Whats the reason why you logged in to your post private key?
This key is used only for posting, voting and following.
Well then whats my active key used for?
This key is used to place orders and to deal with transfers in the wallet.
You only need to use your active key to confirm transaction or trades.
If you follow this guide you will be less likely to have your account stolen.
The site currently don't inform users about this current subject so i hope this helps.
Thank you @inertia for helping me by explaining to me how permissions worked.
Photo by Marc DesRosiers/USA TODAY Sports
By CAITLIN MURRAY
The U.S. Women's National Team literally could not have drawn a tougher group for next summer's World Cup. That is a fact.
When the final ball was selected for Group D on Saturday, social media and soccer outlets exploded with the news: The USWNT was drawn into the Group of Death. None of the other groups come close in difficulty.
But is it really another World Cup, another Group of Death for the Americans? It depends on how you look at it.
“Certainly we're in the toughest group,” coach Jill Ellis told reporters via conference call after Saturday's draw. “It's going to be a physically challenging group.”
Even as Ellis talked from the draw gala in Canada about how difficult each opponent would be, she suggested the challenge would motivate her players, who were training in Brazil. On cue, the very American and very confident player reactions began to trickle in on social media.
Sydney Leroux tweeted, “Bring it on.” Carli Lloyd tweeted the Group D schedule and added, “Never back down from a challenge! I love it!” Kelley O'Hara tweeted, “Let the fun begin!” while Becky Sauerbrunn simply added, “Unfazed.”
Video of the team's reaction, later released by U.S. Soccer, seems to indicate disbelief but amusement at the draw's result.
Alex Morgan, who had been recovering from an ankle injury and joined Fox Sports' broadcast team instead of training with her team, reacted to the draw in real time on television. Her reaction was a bit different in tone from her teammates in Brazil.
“We got the toughest countries in all the pots,” she said. “It's definitely the Group of Death.”
We've heard that before. The U.S. Men's National Team drew the Group of Death against historical nemesis Ghana, Cristiano Ronaldo's Portugal and eventual-winners Germany. But they broke through to the Round of 16 and did as well as they had in the previous cycle while Portugal and Ghana went home early.
Anything can happen at the World Cup – and that's precisely what's so worrying for the women, who are ranked No. 1 in the world.
The bar to advance out of the group stage is relatively low due to an expanded World Cup field. The top two teams of every group advance to the knockout stage and the four best third-place teams will also advance.
Thus, the challenge of the Group Of Death may be in exactly how the USWNT can advance out of the group.
If the USWNT wins their group, they won't have to face another group-winner until the semifinal. Their Round of 16 opponent would be a third-place team and the quarterfinals would be a runner-up.
Avoiding group-winners is key because most other groups are filled with low-ranking teams that have qualified for their first World Cups thanks to FIFA expanding the tournament from 16 to 24 teams. Germany, France and reigning champions Japan, all seeded, are teams to avoid.
But it works the other way, too. If the USWNT advances but, say, Sweden tops the group, the road for the USWNT becomes much tougher. The Americans could end up facing Brazil in the Round of 16 – surely a team they'd prefer to avoid, as the dramatic 2011 World Cup quarterfinal reminds us.
In other words, the USWNT has to start strong if they want their best chance to make a run to the title.
Maybe, as some conspiracist fans argue, FIFA is punishing the American players for organizing a legal challenge to the artificial playing surface. FIFA assigned seeded teams to groups, rather than having them randomly placed in groups, which shows the fix was in, they say.
The problem with all that is this: The USWNT is the best team in the world. If it's the Group of Death, it's because the Americans are in it. It won't be easy, but as Ellis put it: “To win this thing, you're going to have to play good teams.”
THE COMPETITION
If the Americans start of their World Cup poorly – like, say, the way they started the International Tournament of Brasilia they are currently participating in – then there's plenty to worry about.
1. Sweden arguably should have been a seeded team. They are ranked fifth in the world and are the only team in the entire World Cup field that has defeated the Americans in the past two years. They were the lowest-ranked non-champion and were controversially denied a seeded position over Brazil.
Upping the ante, Sweden's coach is Pia Sundhage, who led the USWNT to World Cup silver and Olympic gold in 2011 and 2012. USWNT coach Jill Ellis was her assistant coach. Sundhage led Sweden to a win over the USWNT in March, snapping a 43-game winning streak for the Americans — a moment some would say was the start of the end for coach Tom Sermanni, who replaced Sundhage when she left but was fired in April, making way for Ellis. In other words, this will be a big match to watch.
2. Australia is a very familiar opponent for the Americans and the USWNT will know exactly what to expect. The record paints a rosy picture for the Americans: they haven't failed to beat Australia since 2005 when the two sides played to a scoreless draw.
But Australia, ranked No. 10 in the world, has been a nation on the rise in recent years – in part, due to Sermanni, who left Australia to coach the Americans, but also because they have some very good players. Players like Lisa DeVanna, Samantha Kerr and Caitlin Foord play alongside USWNT stars in the U.S.-based National Women's Soccer League and make club life difficult for their American opponents. These players know how to beat the Americans because they've done it in the NWSL.
3. Nigeria may be the strongest African team in the tournament, but they are still a ways from the elite top teams of women's soccer. Some may argue rankings don't matter, but Nigeria is ranked No. 35 and every other nation in Group D is in the top 10. If any team is worried about the Group Of Death, it's Nigeria.
In Nigeria's favor, they are hardly a familiar opponent for anyone in this group. The last time the Americans faced Nigeria was all the way back on Sept. 18, 2007, which ended in a U.S. win, 1-0. As reigning winners of the African Women's Championship, Nigeria will hope to hold onto some momentum.
——
What do you think about the USWNT's place in the so-called Group of Death? What do you make of the reactions from Ellis and the players? How do you expect the group play round to go?
Share your thoughts below.
"There is no gambling like politics." -- Benjamin Disraeli, British Prime Minister, 1868, 1874-1880
Mediate, Don't 'Bully,' Teachers Union Urges Province read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
No one in their right mind would play high stakes poker against a dealer who not only uses a marked deck but also deals from the bottom of that deck and has an ace up their sleeve.
But that's the untenable position B.C. teachers now find themselves in, trying to negotiate a new contract with a provincial government that announced last week it would impose its own terms through legislation.
It's an all-in, no-win situation for teachers.
B.C. Liberal Education Minister George Abbott claims negotiations have failed, so the government has no choice.
"This isn't a situation that anyone wanted," Premier Christy Clark chimed in.
Some observers nod their heads sagely and agree -- what else can Abbott do? The teachers aren't willing to bargain, they say, it's so predictable.
Don't be fooled -- it's predictable all right -- that when the government holds all the cards, the teachers lose the game, every time.
And it's exactly what Clark and Abbott wanted -- the opportunity to bolster their flagging public support by getting tough on teachers.
With the BC Liberals down to 25 per cent in a new Forum Research poll and the BC Conservatives nipping at their heels at 22 per cent, while the New Democrats coast at 42 per cent and two by-elections imminent, things are desperate.
The pollsters even predict the NDP would win 63 of B.C.'s 85 ridings with these numbers.
And the provincial budget introduced last week only offers more pain and higher costs for British Columbians.
What options are left? Pick a fight with teachers!
Gov't gave employer no room to negotiate
The B.C. Teachers' Federation technically negotiates with the B.C. Public School Employers' Association, which is the province's bargaining agent.
But talks have come to an impasse because the government doesn't want teachers to get a raise -- any raise -- unless it comes from cutting school budgets elsewhere.
That means BCPSEA doesn't have to negotiate -- can't bargain -- because the government has restricted its mandate.
Abbott's statements as minister show just how little room BCPSEA was given to work with: "The union's demands, which would add $2 billion in costs for B.C. taxpayers, are not acceptable given the current financial reality."
Leave aside that Abbott is using gigantic financial numbers to put a cost on a deal -- outlandish projections that the union totally rejects, saying $565 million is currently the price tag for their current position.
Abbott ratchets up the rhetoric even more, claiming the minimal job action to date is damaging and an actual walkout would be unacceptable.
"It is clear that this strike is hurting students and any escalation in strike action will only increase the harm to students and the impact on parents," said Abbott.
The minister, conveniently, forgets that teachers have gone out on strike several times in the past, including a two-week walkout in 2005 -- without the sky falling or students failing.
How collective bargaining works
The government has every right to take the position that there is no money for wage increases -- but so does the union to demand more money and better conditions for its members.
The whole concept of collective bargaining is that pressure is put on both sides to compromise and move to a mutually acceptable agreement that gives each some of their goals.
To apply pressure, unions can partially or fully withdraw their labour, while employers can leave them out on a picket line rather than drawing regular pay -- or even lock them out.
In public sector negotiations, unions pressure their employer -- a provincial, municipal or federal government -- by creating inconvenience that results in voters demanding an agreement be reached.
And an Environics poll commissioned by the B.C. Federation of Labour clearly shows that in this situation the public sides with teachers, at 52 per cent, rather than the government, at 39 per cent.
The same poll shows 89 per cent would agree to binding arbitration to settle the contract and just eight per cent reject it.
But the BC Liberals are obviously in that eight per cent minority, again showing their lack of interest in making a deal and instead provoking a confrontation for political gain.
Game was rigged
Even the B.C. School Trustees Association's provincial council came out in favour of the BCTF request for a mediator rather than an immediate move to legislation.
How governments handle these disputes can make or break their political future.
But by imposing a contract without serious bargaining, never even considering putting money on the table and without allowing teachers to take real job action, this government shows the poker game was fixed from the start.
With a second day of depressed TV ratings in from Rio, the finger-pointing has begun. Given massive 30+% declines in the 18-49 demo, what could be sapping the strength of one of the biggest draws on the calendar for U.S. audiences: the perception that there are too many commercials? Viewing alternatives like the successful launch of “Suicide Squad??”
Or maybe digital viewing is finally starting to cannibalizing TV. What little data NBC Universal has released over the first two days makes it impossible to draw a causal link, but here's what we do know: the 216 million minutes streamed over that period is up 280% from the same span at the London games four years ago. The 11.3 million unique users over that period is up 7%.
To blame that digital growth entirely for the linear-channel decline is preposterous. But if anyone at NBCU is drawing that conclusion anyway, they'd likely keep the observation to themselves. That's counter to the corporate party line shared publicly by execs, which is that the depth of digital only whets “superfan” viewer appetites for more watch time on TV. Just have a gander at some of the research NBCU shared after London that suggested the more screens, the merrier:
Floating this rising-tide vision of the Olympics multiplatform world makes it seem that neither advertiser guarantees nor topping the $120 million in profit Comcast pocketed four years ago will be problem. But it's worth considering that if streaming hasn't already siphoned a significant portion of the linear audience, it's an inevitability.
NBCU should take that as a backhanded compliment: Its streaming platforms have been marvelous coming out of Rio. It's remarkable how much what was once an experimental adjunct to the linear channels has evolved into something that will surely supplant the traditional TV presentation for all but the most casual viewers.
Many Comcast subscribers are already seeing what that future looks like thanks to its X1 platform, where live and on-demand are being blended in a way that most living rooms don't see. But for the majority of Americans who live outside Comcast's sizable footprint, the streaming options aren't too shabby either.
Where NBCU's digital offerings really show their maturation from previous Olympics is how seamless the streaming is. Picture quality is excellent, buffering is minimal and the pay-TV authentication process that seemed so clunky in London doesn't feel like an obstacle.
While 4,500 hours of Olympics action on tap online sounds impressive, that tonnage is meaningless unless organized in compelling fashion. Luckily, the navigation on NBCU's Olympics-branded dot-com and apps is an intuitive mix that either directs you to a wide variety of live options or an even deeper on-demand selection that seems to anticipate every conceivable need, from trending short-form bits to sport-specific archives.
There's also plenty of Olympics action that plays out online away from NBCU's owned-and-operated properties as well. Enough time on Twitter and Facebook will give you a renewed appreciation of just how much video has become a dominant presence on social media in a way that seemed unlikely as recently as the Sochi games.
But the International Olympic Committee also seems of limited digital savvy considering its overly restrictive ban on unauthorized GIFs appropriated from video of the exclusive use to NBCU. That any entity in the year 2016 doesn't understand by now that loosening the shackles on intellectual property results in fan-generated free marketing is mildly appalling. NBCU's own ham-handed approach to embedded videos on Twitter was evident Saturday in a feed rife with 15-second prerolls for videos often as short as 30 seconds.
Maybe the only thing more competitive than the Olympics themselves these days is the rivalry between leading social media platforms for global eyeshare. That makes the Summer Games an opportunity for one to really seize by putting its own distinctive stamp on the content experience, but that wasn't really reflected in the early going. Snapchat and Instagram didn't feel as if they raised their game in any interesting way, perhaps fitting coming of a week in which Instagram essentially commodified Snapchat's snap-based storytelling.
Even more curious is the relative silence of live-streaming platforms like Facebook Live and Periscope, which weeks ago seemed poised to become a more pervasive part of the daily digital experience in the way they insinuated themselves into the headlines. Race relations and sports competition might be totally different realms, but if live streaming is truly to become more popular it's going to have to reshape how all different kinds of media-driven events are consumed.
Social media is still where audience sentiment regarding the Olympics is a telling indicator, but there's risk of distortion. For every user moved to tweet a negative appraisal, there may be 10 others with a more positive experience who simply don't feel the need to go public with their thumbs-up.
I'm resolving never to spend a dime for the rest of my life on any of the brands that have unskippable commercials on NBC Olympic streaming. — Jason, MD (@JinDenver) August 6, 2016
The whiners also don't care for tape-delayed content on the linear channels, which makes streaming more attractive to them. Regardless, there's a lot of whining online about the ad load in these streams. Perhaps NBCU should invest in an ad-free subscription version for the #NBCFail crowd, who may not be content until time-travel functionality is enabled so they can watch matches that haven't occurred yet.
The whiners often threaten VPN usage, which enables tapping into international Olympics feeds like CBC in Canada and BBC in the UK, which are hailed on social media as if they were some utopian alternative to our dystopian reality. The grass is always greener in the other country.
Watch 2016 Rio Olympics with a VPN without a cable or TV subscription: https://t.co/wmWioMvqIt Here's the list of some best VPNs available. — Youth Voice (@ywfyouthvoice) August 7, 2016
It's funny how the variety of linear-TV options that seemed so impressive 10 years ago now feels burdensome because it requires you to remember multiple channel numbers. Apple TV's UI is a great way to comb through all the authenticated channels because all it requires is swiping through images that let you know what's playing on each channel.
Which isn't to say there aren't some navigational shortcomings. While the live viewing options can sometimes seemingly run deep enough to dozens at a time, too often–even after an ad is served–a “coverage has concluded” message is all that awaits, calling into question why such an option is presented as “live” in the first place.
And while that depth provides access to obscure sports most viewers may never even encounter on linear TV, from team handball to judo, these feeds are about as dynamic as a surveillance camera, lacking multiple angles and color commentary. Maybe that absence is understandable considering there's only so much manpower available to devote to sports with tiny audiences, but NBCU could actually drive more engagement to these sports by supplementing them with pre-taped videos that explain the rules and tell stories about the players.
If properly programmed, the kind of seemingly infinite video choices just starting to get tested on X1 will become the predominant viewing format. Don't be surprised if Rio ends up a tipping point in turning digital into the main attraction because it's something of a snack buffet, providing light tastings of lots of options that better fits the needs of a generation with shrinking attention spans but limitless curiosity.
Cornerback is the most inconsistent position in Fantasy Football. Corners can go from a week with an interception for a touchdown, four tackles and 2 passes defended to one tackle and possibly one point depending on your scoring system. All of this means that there are usually corners available on your league's waiver wire. Below are some possibilities you might find on the waiver wire, and the bottom twenty five of my Top 50 cornerback rankings. Remember, streaming corners in IDP leagues with a dedicated corner position is always an option. Look for match-ups against pass heavy offenses who score points.
(26) Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie (NYG) – Savvy veteran corner and former first round pick entering his ninth season. Rodgers-Cromartie will spend time on the outside and in the slot playing behind what should be an improved pass rush, but average linebackers.
(27) Tramaine Brock (SF) – Brock is the left corner for the 49ers, and playing behind a defensive line that was led by Ahmad Brooks' and the suspended Aaron Lynch's six and a half sacks each.
(28) Xavier Rhodes (MIN) – Rhodes is a big corner playing behind one of the better front sevens in the league. His numbers improved greatly over the five games in 2015. He should double his career interception stat this season.
(29) Kareem Jackson (HOU) – Another veteran corner on a strong team. Jackson puts up similar fantasy numbers year after year.
(30) Jason Verrett (SD) – San Diego's best defensive back is coming off a strong first year as a starter. As he settles into a leadership role his numbers may make a small jump.
(31) Byron Maxwell (MIA) – Maxwell is now the Dolphin's top corner. He was targeted a lot in Philly, but will play more press coverage this season and has played well in practice. He should score well even if left with Reshad Jones' leftovers.
(32) Jimmy Ward (SF) – Ward played nickel back last season and finished among the top 50 corners. This season he will right corner and his production can only go up.
(33) Nevin Lawson (DET) – This is Lawson's first year opening the season as a starter. Quarterbacks will be looking to throw to his side field more often than not, giving him numerous opportunities.
(34) William Gay (PIT) – Gay was extended during the offseason. He is not a great corner, but fills a need for Pittsburgh who lost their slot corner, Golson, to Lis franc surgery. First round pick, Artie Burns, is not yet ready to start. As a starter, Gay, has put up consistent Fantasy number each season.
(35) Bradley Roby (DEN) – Roby would be ranked much higher on this list if he weren't the third safety behind Chris Harris and Aqib Talib. However, if Wade Phillips sticks to his plan to use Roby at safety, Roby will be a steal with his corner designation.
(36) Jimmy Smith (BAL) – A down year for Smith in 2015, who struggled to recover after a Lis franc fracture in 2014, actually was good news for his Fantasy stats. Smith is coming off of another foot surgery this offseason.
(37) Daryl Worley/James Bradberry (CAR) – I'll put both of Carolina's 2nd round rookie corners at this spot. Worley is out of West Virginia and Bradberry from Samford. Both are over 6' and 200 lbs. They opened camp as the starters and have not looked back.
(38) Delvin Breaux (NO) – Breaux was signed out of the CFL prior to last season by the Saints. He did not play college football due to a serious neck injury after signing with LSU. He did not disappoint, quickly becoming the Saints' best corner, and with a year of experience under his belt he should only improve.
(39) Davon House (JAX) – House set the Jacksonville franchise record for passes defended in 2015, with 23. He added 60 tackles and 4 INT's. He is only 39th on the list because of the depth at corner in Jacksonville, who took Jalen Ramsey in the first round of this year's draft and also have veterans Prince Amukamara and Aaron Colvin.
(40) Darius Slay (DET) – The PFF 2nd ranked corner from 2015 has developed into one of the best corners in the league over the last two seasons. If quarterbacks looked his way more often he would be higher on the list. However, because of the trouble Detroit has had at LB since the hip injury to DeAndre Levy he still gets enough opportunities for tackles to be a relevant Fantasy corner.
(41) Terence Newman (MIN) – Yes, Newman is still in the league at 37 years of age and will turn 38 before the first regular season game. He is also still a starting corner for Minnesota and coming off another good season.
(42) Robert Alford (ATL) – Alford is entering his fourth season. He has been inconsistent as a Fantasy starter, with both of his interceptions in 2015 coming in the same game, but his above average tackle numbers can be worth a start depending upon the matchup.
(43) Patrick Robinson (IND) – Robinson is an upgrade over Greg Toler in the Colts secondary. His numbers have been down the last two seasons, but mainly to not being an every down player. His tackle numbers should be on the rise this season.
(44) Shareece Wright (BAL) – Wright was re-signed by the Ravens this offseason after completing his one year contract. He was only a part time starter last season and still put up a good baseline for his Fantasy numbers this season as the starter.
(45) Vernon Hargreaves (TB) – Hargreaves is not yet listed as a starting cornerback, but playing behind 33 year old Brent Grimes and Alterraun Verner, who temporarily lost his starting job last season, Hargreaves is sure to see his share of playing time. Hargreaves was the 2nd ranked corner in this year's draft class behind only Jalen Ramsey.
(46) Leodis McKelvin (PHI) – McKelvin hasn't played a full season since 2011, but while he is on the field he is a solid Fantasy contributor. This season in Philly and again playing for Jim Schwartz his numbers should be on the upswing.
(47) Casey Hayward (SD) – Hayward was signed by the Chargers this offseason after a couple of productive years at slot corner for Green Bay. Currently Brandon Flowers is listed as the starter, but is coming off a couple of down years. Hayward should start and be a solid Fantasy contributor.
(48) DeShawn Shead (SEA) – Shead is another big corner for Seattle. Last season, his first as a starter, he put up 55 tackles, 1 INT and 8 passes defended. He should be in the same range this season.
(49) Vontae Davis (IND) – Davis has been one of the better shut down corners in the league since coming to Indianapolis from Miami in 2012. His last two seasons have been his best Fantasy seasons, with 20 and 16 passes defended and 4 INT's in each year. Davis is still young at 28 and should be in the prime of his career.
(50) Sam Shields (GB) – Shields has never played a 16 game season, missing a handful of games in each of his six years. However, even with missed time he has consistently been a top 50 corner. His tackle numbers are lower than most, but he makes up points with interceptions and passes defended.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
(Click the RED link to listen)
Major League Fantasy Football Radio: Join Ej Garr, Corey D Roberts, and Coach Jeff Nelson live Sunday August 14th from 7-9pm EST for episode #66 of Major League Fantasy Football Radio. This is a live broadcast and we take callers at 323-870-4395 press 1 to speak with the hosts. This week we will break down the NFC West from an NFL and fantasy perspective.
You can find our shows on I-Tunes. Just search for Major League Fantasy Sports in the podcasts section. For Android users go to “Podcast Republic,” then download that app, and search for “Major League Fantasy Sports Show”
Share this: Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Email
Pocket
Telegram
Pinterest
Print
Skype
WhatsApp
About This Game
Pool Nation FX, is serious fun!
Why are there four options to choose from?
Pool Nation FX Lite - Free to Play version of the Game
- Free to Play version of the Game The Full Game The whole game including both Online and Offline
The whole game including both Online and Offline The Unlock Offline DLC pack Unlocks all the Offline features in game
Unlocks all the Offline features in game The Unlock Online DLC pack Unlocks all the Online features in game What is Pool Nation FX Lite ? It is Free to Play, perfect for those who want to work there way up, unlocking modes as you go; with limitless 8 Ball Pool online an offline practice mode, a Daily Bonus Match, Daily Trickshot Challenge and full access to the customisable features including collectable cues, balls, decals and locations. Play with your friends online, and compete to win cash to unlock modes, the more you play the more money you will earn.
Included in the free version:
The critically acclaimed Pool Nation Physics
All aiming aids unlocked from standard through to extended and even aiming aid off
8 Ball Pool Online
Play for Cash 8 ball pool
Daily bonus match to earn more cash
Trickshot Challenge
Practice Offline 8 ball, 9 ball and snooker
All other modes are unlockable by in game currency... Upgrade to Pool Nation FX the Full Game Which includes both the Online and Offline DLC packs, to save time and automatically unlock all the features available to you:
Want to access all areas Pool Nation FX has to offer... Have an abundance of game modes available to you? Invite friends? Compete in Leagues? Earn money in-game as you advance through your pool career offline to use to buy cues, balls and decals. Battle it out online with the introduction of all new modes including; Play for Cash, Leagues. Explore the fully customisable Trickshot Editor. Enrol in the Pool Nation Cup and kick-start your Snooker Career. Pool Nation FX is much more than just a pool game. It's the ultimate pool game. The Offline Career Explained: Compete for a season in the Pool Nation FX Tour Career. Start in the Qualifying rounds and work up through the Round 1 through to the Final, comepete across 6 locations and finally the World tour in New York. See tour rankings and player statistics. Try to earn all the tour achievements for each tour game. Each tournament level includes 3-star challenges to compete. Tour games include 9-Ball, 8-Ball and Snooker. Play levels of Easy, Medium and Hard, with a variety of aiming lines to choose from and Good Luck. Sneak Peek at just some of the Full Game Features:
The critically acclaimed Pool Nation Physics
8 Ball UK Reds and Yellows
8 Ball US, 9 Ball, 3 Ball, Golf, Rotation, Speed, Killer and more...
Customise your rules sets to play pool the way YOU want to play pool
Create unlimited matches online with all modes and cash prize funds unlocked
Snooker Online - Offline and a NEW Snooker career
All new online system - rewritten from the ground up
Spectate all available matches LIVE Online
Online Leagues - work your way up from League 10 to League 1, but play with skill you don't want to be relegated...
Full access Online Pool Hall with new Pool Hall venue
Earn Money as you progress through our all new career mode, with 6 locations, 6 qualifying matches in each stage you will need to play with skill to win
Varying AI levels of difficulty in offline modes including the Tour, Endurance and Versus
All NEW Online mode 'Play for Cash' is a competitive mode which gives players a chance to earn coins, the more games played, the higher your player level, the more money you can potentially unlock
Online Friendlies area to easily create matches with friends
Customise your tables with of nifty new colour picker
Trickshots and trickshot challenges, rotate objects on all axis and lift into the air!! Taking trickshots to a new dimension...
Online Tournaments and more coming soon!
NEW locations with a variety of tables to play on within each location
All NEW Daily challenges "Pool Nation FX is the most realistic Pool Simulation ever made."
"In Pool Nation FX the physics are so realistic it can actually make your real life game better!"
**Cash / Money is an in game currency to unlock decals, cues, locations etc. In game currency is only collected in game not bought.
*Download this game play it without making in-game purchases. Optional in-game purchases are available that may enhance your gameplay experience but are not necessary to complete the game, DLC has been created to save time in downloading all unlockable assets in game for those who wish to do so.
And there is more to come ...share, challenge and create epic trickshots within our exclusive Trickshot Editor, play doubles online, new tournaments and re-discover this much-loved sport.
Pool Nation FX flawlessly blends reality with the impossible, resulting in the finest example of digital pool you will ever play - developed with you for you.
Unlocks all the Online features in game It is Free to Play, perfect for those who want to work there way up, unlocking modes as you go; with limitless 8 Ball Pool online an offline practice mode, a Daily Bonus Match, Daily Trickshot Challenge and full access to the customisable features including collectable cues, balls, decals and locations. Play with your friends online, and compete to win cash to unlock modes, the more you play the more money you will earn. Want to access all areas Pool Nation FX has to offer... Have an abundance of game modes available to you? Invite friends? Compete in Leagues? Earn money in-game as you advance through your pool career offline to use to buy cues, balls and decals. Battle it out online with the introduction of all new modes including; Play for Cash, Leagues. Explore the fully customisable Trickshot Editor. Enrol in the Pool Nation Cup and kick-start your Snooker Career. Pool Nation FX is much more than just a pool game. It's the ultimate pool game. Compete for a season in the Pool Nation FX Tour Career. Start in the Qualifying rounds and work up through the Round 1 through to the Final, comepete across 6 locations and finally the World tour in New York. See tour rankings and player statistics. Try to earn all the tour achievements for each tour game. Each tournament level includes 3-star challenges to compete. Tour games include 9-Ball, 8-Ball and Snooker. Play levels of Easy, Medium and Hard, with a variety of aiming lines to choose from and Good Luck. **Cash / Money is an in game currency to unlock decals, cues, locations etc. In game currency is only collected in game not bought. *Download this game play it without making in-game purchases. Optional in-game purchases are available that may enhance your gameplay experience but are not necessary to complete the game, DLC has been created to save time in downloading all unlockable assets in game for those who wish to do so. And there is more to come ...share, challenge and create epic trickshots within our exclusive Trickshot Editor, play doubles online, new tournaments and re-discover this much-loved sport. Pool Nation FX flawlessly blends reality with the impossible, resulting in the finest example of digital pool you will ever play - developed with you for you.
A visually stunning pool simulation with the. Play 8 Ball, 9 Ball, Snooker, Killer and more, unlimited Career modes with customised difficulty levels, Trickshots, Fast paced Endurance mode, Local and Online Multiplayer, spectate live matches and feel the hustle and bustle of the Online Pool Hall. On one hand Pool Nation FX is a serious Sim which can actually improve your real life game, on the other it can provide a more casual experience; it flawlessly blends reality with the impossible, resulting in the finest example of digital pool you will ever play.Because Pool Nation FX is a HUGE game, we want you to play it your way: by providing you the option to have everything unlocked, play only online or offline, Or earn cash and unlock modes as you compete to win... In Pool Nation FX there are no subscription fees, no barriers to playing online, just pool with friends!
Coming off a rebounding victory against Arizona, Stanford (5-3, 3-3 Pac-12) plays host to the Oregon State Beavers (2-6, 1-4) as the Cardinal hope to continue their momentum in conference play. Senior staff writer Andrew Mather and editors Lorenzo Rosas and Olivia Hummer discuss how the Cardinal can ensure another victory against a lesser opponent this Saturday.
In the desert, Stanford found offensive success on the ground against the ninth-ranked Pac-12 rushing defense, scoring 34 points against the Wildcats behind Christian McCaffrey's three-touchdown, 169-yard performance. On the other hand, starting quarterback Keller Chryst threw for just 104 yards, scoring twice and throwing an interception. Against a statistically weaker run defense yet better pass defense in Oregon State this weekend, will McCaffrey and the run game once again overwhelm for victory or will Chryst be called upon to have a better game in his first start at home?
Olivia Hummer (OH): It is difficult to understate how important a healthy McCaffrey is to this Stanford offense. His performance in Arizona made that clear, especially in comparison to the lackluster offensive showings of previous weeks. The illusory dream of a real McCaffrey-Love running back tandem has yet to be fully realized, but I'm holding out some hope that I'll see it soon since Shaw is claiming that last week was the first time both backs were at full health.
That being said, Stanford's offense cannot rely solely on the run.
Sure, the Cardinal won games at the start of the season, but they weren't always pretty, and you can't honestly claim that McCaffrey's performance looked nearly as good as it did in his Heisman chase 2015. With the loss of much of last year's offensive line, McCaffrey has had to battle for every yard, and with the loss of quarterback Kevin Hogan, much of McCaffrey's threat through the air has been erased. Without a viable replacement under center, opposing defenses have little trouble zeroing in on the Heisman runner-up, limiting his effectiveness.
If Stanford wants to win its upcoming games, Chryst needs to step up at quarterback to revitalize the passing game. He may have another week to ramp up, given that he's facing the Beavers, but with bowl eligibility on the line, the time is now.
Andrew Mather (AM): Gary Andersen certainly knows how to coach a defense, but honestly I don't think either Christian McCaffrey or Keller Chryst need to turn in particularly impressive performances for the Cardinal to top this Beavers squad. While Oregon State has looked good at home, it's been a totally different team on the road this season, and even if Stanford's offense isn't totally on its game I think it would take a lot from the Beavs to make things close. With that said, I expect Chryst to improve this weekend as he builds more rapport with his receivers and offensive line and, if all goes according to plan, that should open up the Cardinal's running game even more than in the team's recent performances. It doesn't seem like it would take a ton for this Stanford offense to recover its mojo, and with a couple games against low-rated defenses coming up, it should have the opportunity to set itself up for a strong finish.
Lorenzo Rosas (LR): McCaffrey's game, somewhat reminiscent of a WildCaff performance from last season, still remains to be the only game in which the Heisman-runner up found his stride and had the luxury to be as patient as desired. After only above average performance in his return back from injury, I still remain doubtful that Stanford will have the capability to ride McCaffrey throughout the entire game.
That being said, I still remain a big fan of the dual threat that Bryce Love and Christian McCaffrey bring to the table, and that's why I would say Chryst has yet another game to work out some kinks in the offense. In the Arizona game, Shaw talked about how much he enjoyed having the two together and healthy for the first time this season, showing just how big of a piece has been lost in Shaw's game-planning up to this point. Against the Oregon State Beavers defense, who averages 219.4 yards allowed on the ground per game, I'm confident that Love's speed and McCaffrey's patience, along with immense physicality from both, will demolish a demoralized run defense.
Despite suffering two successive blowouts against the Washington teams, the Cardinal still stand as third in the conference in scoring defense, allowing just 19 points per game. Since the Washington State game, the Cardinal have allowed only 10 points per game in three consecutive outings against star-studded offenses. Against an offense nearly as pass inefficient as Stanford this season, what's the biggest concern for Lance Anderson and his defense as they prepare to host the Beavers?
OH: Much of Stanford's defensive woes in those blowouts can be attributed to the loss of key defensive playmakers, namely cornerbacks Alijah Holder and Quenton Meeks. Sure, there's a lot more to it, but with an injured secondary and an offense that can't be trusted to get a first down – much less score — any defense is bound to lose a few. The Cardinal were far from flawless in their matchup with Colorado, but they stepped up when it counted, particularly in the red zone.
With Oregon State starting quarterback Darell Garretson ruled out for the remainder of the season due to injury in early October, it seemed there would be little passing threat from the Beavers this year. However, the team's narrow loss to Washington State last weekend may indicate that this Beaver squad is capable of more than meets the eye. A weak opponent is no reason for the Cardinal to get lazy on defense, and with every game making or breaking Stanford's postseason plans, expect the team to look as strong as it has in recent weeks, while also accounting for the season-ending injury to Holder.
AM: I've had a secret technique at points this season where, almost regardless of the Stanford's opponent, I would pick the team's defense to allow 10 points per game. While the two schools from The Evergreen State certainly eclipsed that number, all things considered, it has served me remarkably well so far — in four of six games, the team has allowed exactly 10 points, and in two others it has been within 3 of that total. While Oregon State will obviously present a new set of challenges to the Cardinal, I highly doubt there's anything they can do to totally get out of this range. The Beavers have been little short of anemic on the road this year, and Stanford's defense has shown it can contain everyone short of the very best units in the country.
The only thing I'm even slightly worried about is the Beavers running game. Ryan Nall and company did a solid job against Wazzu last weekend and, as Stanford fans know, the Cougars' front seven is far from incompetent. The Cardinal's own defensive line appears to have stepped up in recent games, however, and if they can generally hold form, I doubt that Oregon State will pose too much of a threat to the home side this weekend.
LR: Going into any Pac-12 game (especially the upset-specialists from Corvallis), the Stanford defense has no reason to relax against the Beavers despite their atrocious pass offense on the season so far. Against the last in the Pac-12 North, it's hard to see the stout Cardinal defense crack under an offense so unstable and inefficient as the Beavers.
The only true offensive threat that can explode is starting running back and lead rusher Ryan Nall, who, despite averaging only 85 yards per game, leads the team in touchdowns, with the nearest tally being a three-way tie at three touchdowns. Nall remains extremely talented at making defenders miss in the open space despite his imposing body, which he also uses to his advantage on his way to averaging 7.2 yards per carry this season. While the sophomore will be heavily watched by the Cardinal defense, if Oregon State is to get any momentum and create drives in Stanford stadium, Nall will need to be at the forefront of that attack.
Contact Olivia Hummer at ohummer ‘at' stanford.edu, Andrew Mather at amather ‘at' stanford.edu and Lorenzo Rosas at enzor9 ‘at' stanford.edu.
Some of you may have noticed Twilio's shiny new API Status page at http://status.twilio.com. We're excited to announce that Twilio finally has a modern status page and not only that, we open source it! Yup, you too can download the code and host your own SaaS or API status page. Learn more at http://www.stashboard.org.
Introducing Stashboard
Stashboard is a status dashboard for APIs and software services. It's similar to the Amazon AWS Status Page or the Google Apps Status Page. Businesses and individuals have come to rely on hosted APIs and cloud service providers for email, CRM, sales, phones and more, however, many have poor or non-existent status pages. Enter Stashboard!
Stashboard is designed to provide a generic status dashboard for any hosted service or API. The code can be downloaded, customized, and run on any Google App Engine account.
• Manage the status of many API or SaaS services
• Set custom status messages and icons such as Up/Down
• Show historical status for each service
• Runs on Google App Engine so it's independent of your in-house infrastructure (unless your app is on GAE)
• Full REST API for both getting and setting status information
• CNAME to http://status.yourapp.com
• Rich client or basic rendering architecture
Stashboard is written in Python and hosted on Google App Engine.
Head over to stashboard.appspot.com to try the latest version.
It's Got APIs, Too
Twilio's new status page and Stashboard also support a full REST API to let you both push and pull events and service status information.
(1) Getting status data: using the REST API you can request status data and integrate realtime data into your web application. For example, at Twilio we use the REST API to add a banner to the top of our internal intranet to inform all employees about the status of our APIs.
(2) Putting status data: you can also add new events and change status information using the Stashboard REST API (using the authenticated methods). For example, you could wire up your Nagios, PagerDuty, or internal application alerts to automatically update your status page.
We hope you enjoy Stashboard! Drop us a line if you deploy it for your app or have any questions.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit (in case citations, 6th Cir.) is a federal court with appellate jurisdiction over the district courts in the following districts:
The court is composed of sixteen judges and is based at the Potter Stewart U.S. Courthouse in Cincinnati, Ohio. It is one of thirteen United States courts of appeals.
William Howard Taft, the only person ever to serve as both President and Chief Justice of the United States, once served on the circuit. Four other judges of the Sixth Circuit have been elevated to serve on the Supreme Court.
Decisions issued by the Sixth Circuit were reversed by the United States Supreme Court 24 out of the 25 times they were reviewed in the five annual terms starting in October 2008 and ending in June 2013, a higher rate of reversal than for any other federal appellate court during that time period.[1]
Current composition of the court [ edit ]
Vacancies and pending nominations [ edit ]
List of former judges [ edit ]
Chief judges [ edit ]
Chief judges have administrative responsibilities with respect to their circuits, and preside over any panel on which they serve unless the circuit justice (i.e., the Supreme Court justice responsible for the circuit) is also on the panel. Unlike the Supreme Court, where one justice is specifically nominated to be chief, the office of chief judge rotates among the circuit judges. To be chief, a judge must have been in active service on the court for at least one year, be under the age of 65, and have not previously served as chief judge. A vacancy is filled by the judge highest in seniority among the group of qualified judges. The chief judge serves for a term of seven years or until age 70, whichever occurs first. The age restrictions are waived if no members of the court would otherwise be qualified for the position.
When the office was created in 1948, the chief judge was the longest-serving judge who had not elected to retire on what has since 1958 been known as senior status or declined to serve as chief judge. After August 6, 1959, judges could not become or remain chief after turning 70 years old. The current rules have been in operation since October 1, 1982.
Succession of seats [ edit ]
The court has sixteen seats for active judges, numbered in the order in which they were filled. Judges who retire into senior status remain on the bench but leave their seat vacant. That seat is filled by the next circuit judge appointed by the president.
Seat 9 Established on June 18, 1968 by 82 Stat. 184 Brooks KY 1969–1971 Lively KY 1972–1989 Batchelder OH 1991–present Seat 10 Established on October 20, 1978 by 92 Stat. 1629 Kennedy MI 1979–1999 Neilson MI 2005–2006 White MI 2008–present Seat 11 Established on October 20, 1978 by 92 Stat. 1629 B. Martin, Jr. KY 1979–2013 Thapar KY 2017–present Seat 12 Established on July 10, 1984 by 98 Stat. 333 Milburn TN 1984–1996 Gilman TN 1997–2010 Donald TN 2011–present
Seat 13 Established on July 10, 1984 by 98 Stat. 333 Guy, Jr. MI 1985–1994 Clay MI 1997–present Seat 14 Established on July 10, 1984 by 98 Stat. 333 Nelson OH 1985–1999 Sutton OH 2003–present Seat 15 Established on July 10, 1984 by 98 Stat. 333 Boggs KY 1986–2017 Bush KY 2017–present Seat 16 Established on December 1, 1990 by 104 Stat. 5089 Daughtrey TN 1993–2009 Stranch TN 2010–present
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Buying a brand-new home is exciting! One of the best things about it is that you get to decide on the features and finishing touches that go into your new home. Although it's exciting, some decisions can be overwhelming and stressful. Here are some tips to help you choose which features will make your home unique.
1. When you purchase a new home, it will come complete with a range of standard features and finishes. The first step is to determine:
-What standard features are included in the basic price of the home,
-How many standard choices the builder offers, and
-Which upgrades and extras are available.
2. In order to identify which features are right for you, consider your needs and match your selections with your lifestyle (i.e. white tile may not be ideal if you have children). It is also important to make sure your choices match your current furniture. However, don't develop your design based around things like the colour of your existing towels when choosing bathroom tile or countertops. To make the decision making process easier, ask yourself questions such as:
-Do you like a formal or casual look?
-Do you work from home? Will you need special accommodations for a home office?
-Do you have children?
-Do you love to cook? Do you entertain frequently?
-Do you want to invest to improve energy efficiency of your home? Are you interested in “green” (environmentally-friendly) products?
-Do you have any pets?
3. The next step is to create your dream home checklist. Determine which options are must haves and which ones you can live without. Visit the Design Centre before your appointment to help you gather inspiration, and build a scrapbook that you can bring to your Design Centre appointment to help you communicate your personal style to your Design Consultant. Being prepared for your appointment will make the process much easier.
4. Call in a designer. The person running your design appointment might not necessarily be a professional interior designer. Hiring an interior designer for a couple of hours will be well worth the expense. They will be able to point out things that you may have overlooked and provide their professional expertise.
5. You're ready to go! By being prepared with previous steps, the decision-making process should be easy and stress free.
Are you ready to start building your new home? Visit our Airdrie show home today and make your dream home a reality!
True economic progress still eludes Kentucky. Wages in the state have steadily declined for over a decade, stifling tax revenues, smothering consumer spending potential, and inflating the need for public assistance. Even as employment steadily but slowly recovers from the collapse of 2008, many of those lucky enough to have jobs still aren't making much money.
The median hourly wage in Kentucky has slumped from about $16 per hour in 2001 to just above $14.50 by 2013. The median annual wage of $30,867 is approximately half of what a family of four needs to live a “secure yet modest” life. In other words, more than half of all working Kentuckians – over 900,000 people – fall far short of that reasonable standard. And low income workers, such as those making the minimum wage of $7.25, are doing even worse.
Starting in the 1970s and accelerating under Reaganomics, wages and productivity were decoupled. Automation and computerization have turned American (and Kentuckian) workers into efficient, task-completing machines, yet most workers have not enjoyed a proportional boost in their income. The median American wage, had it stayed linked to productivity, would be roughly $90,000 today. Instead, all that hard-earned money goes somewhere else.
The facts are clear. Workers need – and deserve – to make more money. The propriety of a drastic increase in wages is now beyond reasonable debate. And yet, somehow, leaders in Louisville and Kentucky are still debating it. Most of the Democratic members of the Louisville Metro Council support a slow increase in the minimum wage to $10.10 per hour, and so does Congressman John Yarmuth, but Metro Council Republicans are “AWOL” and Sen. Mitch McConnell openly opposes any raise at all.
This ongoing debate doesn't turn on economic reality. Instead, some of our leaders promote agendas of privilege while others get distracted by misinformation.
At a political summit hosted by notorious Republican billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch, McConnell said raising the minimum wage is a “gosh darn proposal” that doesn't deserve debate, and people who support it “believe in all the wrong things.” In other words, paying workers more for their hard work is just gosh darn crazy talk.
Even some Democrats still express skepticism. At a Metro Council meeting on Aug. 27, Councilpersons Cindi Fowler and Rick Blackwell both worried that $10.10 might be too much money for certain members of the workforce, such as the young. Council president Jim King even circulated an email arguing young workers should be excluded and don't deserve better pay.
Coincidentally, the idea that minimum wage increases may push youth out of the workforce has become the conservative think tank argument du jour, and it's mostly based on bad math now being thoroughly debunked. So it's both factually inaccurate and insulting when the privileged tell the poor that making more money would be bad for them.
Even more worrisome was a comment by King near the end of the meeting. He said he'd like to confer with wealthy business owners like Junior Bridgeman before he decides to support a wage hike. Perhaps King could also confer with people who actually have low-paying jobs and see what they think he should do.
Not all Metro Council members are as rich as Mr. King, but none of them live on the minimum wage. And all of them, to some extent, represent Louisvillians who rely on minimum wage jobs to make ends meet. Those workers, the people who actually stand to benefit from a pay increase, are routinely excluded from the debate about raising their pay. It's frustrating when elected leaders get duped by bad arguments or pander to their privileged peer groups. Worse is weighing a critical policy change without consulting those who need it the most.
Let's be honest. Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 over several years is not a radical plan. It would be slow, long-overdue progress for thousands and thousands of people who work hard yet still struggle to make ends meet. And it would also be incredibly modest. A full-time worker earning $10.10 an hour makes just $20,000 a year. Expecting people to live – and contribute to the economy – with far less money than that is why we can't have nice things.
A radical plan would be to just give everyone free money. Getting more money into the hands of more people is a simple, fool-proof way to reduce poverty and boost economic growth, no matter how we choose to do it. But since neither Kentucky nor America in general are quite ready for bold ideas like “basic income,” raising the wages of those willing and able to work for a living is a decent start.
And no, raising the minimum wage won't ruin the economy. But if you need more than the reassurance of dozens of prominent economists, remember that the economy was already ruined quite recently, and it sure wasn't the fault of poor workers.
Demand Broadcast Networks Stop Censoring Gosnell 'House of Horrors,' Planned Parenthood Post-Birth Abortion Stance
Over twenty prominent leaders of the conservative movement have joined Media Research Center President Brent Bozell in demanding the broadcast networks stop censoring coverage of the trial of Philadelphia abortion doctor Kermit Gosnell and the testimony of the Florida Alliance of Planned Parenthood Affiliates in favor of murdering children who survive botched abortions. Although abortion has re-entered the news cycle following the passage of pro-life measures in North Dakota and Arkansas, the MRC's Culture and Media Institute finds that ABC, CBS, and NBC have completely censored both of these outrageous stories:
Since the Gosnell trial began three weeks ago, ABC, CBS, and NBC have given the story ZERO seconds of coverage on either their morning or evening news shows. They have not covered Gosnell once since his arrest in January 2011, and even then, only CBS did so.
After the Florida Alliance of Planned Parenthood Affiliates' testimony in favor of post-birth abortions surfaced on March 29, ABC, CBS, and NBC have committed ZERO seconds of coverage on either of their morning or evening news shows.
ABC, CBS, and NBC have each covered the new abortion laws in North Dakota and Arkansas, ominously describing them as the “most restrictive” in the nation.
In response to the broadcast networks' total and inexcusable blackout of the Gosnell and Planned Parenthood stories, the conservative leaders react:
“The Kermit Gosnell case, in which his abortion clinic has been described as a ‘House of Horrors,' could have been plucked from the fever dream of Hollywood's most depraved slasher film writer, and yet ABC, CBS, and NBC have completely censored it out of the news. The Florida Alliance of Planned Parenthood Affiliates' on-the-record position in support of murdering living children is staggering in its radicalism, and yet ABC, CBS, and NBC have completely censored it out of the news.
“But the new pro-life laws in North Dakota and Arkansas? They draw a critical eye from the broadcast networks.
“The horrific excesses of the abortion industry – exemplified by Gosnell and Planned Parenthood – are major, national news stories any way you look at them. But the pro-abortion liberal media are determined to hide them from the public. The media have a solemn duty to the American people to report the news, not just news that helps the positions they support. It's unprofessional, it's disgusting, and it's inhuman.
“If the pro-life movement were involved in this type of insanity, there would be wall-to-wall coverage from every major news outlet. This cover-up is a national disgrace.”
L. Brent Bozell, III, President and Founder, Media Research Center
Diana Banister, Vice President, Shirley & Bannister Public Affairs
Gary Bauer, President, American Values
David N. Bossie, President, Citizens United
Brian Burch, President, Catholic Vote
Susan Carleson, Chairman/CEO, American Civil Rights Union
Kellyanne Conway, President, The Polling Company, Inc./Woman Trend
Marjorie Dannenfelser, President, Susan B. Anthony List
Mark Fitzgibbons, President of Corporate Affairs, American Target Advertising
Andrea Lafferty, Traditional Values Coalition
Mario Lopez, President, Hispanic Leadership Fund
Jim Martin, Chairman, 60 Plus Association
Gary Marx, Executive Director, Faith and Freedom Coalition
Jeanne Monahan, President of March for Life Education and Defense Fund
Penny Nance, President, Concerned Women for America
Fr. Frank Pavone, National Director, Priests for Life; President, National Pro-life Religious Council
Tony Perkins, President, Family Research Council
Patrick Reilly, President, Cardinal Newman Society
Austin Ruse, President, Catholic Family and Human Rights Institute
Craig Shirley, Chairman, Citizens for the Republic
Richard Viguerie, Chairman, ConservativeHQ.com
David Bozell, Executive Director, ForAmerica
Kristen Hawkins, President, Students for Life
To schedule an interview with MRC President Brent Bozell or another MRC spokesperson, please contact Jeremy Little - jlittle@crcpublicrelations.com (703)-683-5004
Last year I had a fun little article for Halloween, and I want to continue with that as I think holiday events and games are really fun and flex that creative muscle. Today I'll be covering the recent event I ran at my LGS and what I played.
Since I've become the judge at my LGS, I'm really pushing to run events that celebrate regular holidays here in the U.S., and not just the big ones. Next year, I plan on running events built around like President's Day, Black History Month, and many others. For October, there's nothing bigger than Halloween, and it marks the end of the ‘regular year' as we spiral into holiday season and everyone loses their crap over the rush to buy stuff. Seriously, Christmas decorations were out in stores here back in August…
But let's forget about the ‘holidays' as we put them. Today is Halloween, and I'm guessing you're probably reading this article in a funny outfit or something that makes you feel uncomfortable. Well I'm here to bring a little more comfort to you with a nasty team build!
I wanted to do something a little different than typical Halloween events for our LGS. Most themed events will be something like “Monster Theme Team”, or something along those lines. Instead, I went a step further and created this scenario where each person picked just one Monster on their force and the rest of the team was sort of experimenting on them, giving them different powers each turn. The chosen Monster was granted Shape Change as a way to show their constant transformation throughout the game, and I generated a neat little table to indicate how the Monster changed through the game, which they would roll a d6 for at the beginning of their turns:
Werewolf – Leap/Climb, Blades/Claws/Fangs Vampire – Wing Symbol, Exploit Weakness Mummy – Mind Control, Mystics Team Ability Frankenstein's Monster – Super Strength and Invulnerable Zombie – Steal Energy, Invincible Creature From the Black Lagoon – Dolphin Symbol, Hypersonic Speed, Regeneration
I felt like this allowed your Monster to shift through the different ‘legendary' monsters we have in society. As for the actual requirements of the game, it was 400 points, Oreo Age (new base style only), with Equipment, Colossi, and Possession all legal.We typically give out Gravity Feeds for participation, so any team that was themed to match Halloween (in style rather than keywords) received an additional gravity feed. In retrospect, this was a bad idea because not granting one or two people the prize made them feel left out, so everyone got it. Maybe next year I'll extend this to showing up in costume.
Anyway, I knew that as judge I didn't have to worry about really feeling bad about beating the people I played because they got the win no matter what with half the build total. So I decided to play a team I've been wanting to run for a while. Here it is:
400 Point Halloween Build-A-Monster Team, Oreo Age
Carnage is one of my favorite characters, and I've been wanting to build around him since I pulled him back in August. I set about making the nastiest theme team possible for him.
Shriek is what made this team come together. Her trait takes Carnage to another level as it's specifically built to make him better:
A TWISTED MOTHER: Adjacent friendly characters with the Maximum Carnage keyword modify their attack and defense values by +1. If Shriek took damage from an attack since your last turn, one friendly character with the Maximum Carnage keyword can use Charge as a free action, but while using it may only attack a character that damaged Shriek since your last turn
This takes the 200 point Carnsge and gives him a 13 attack value, and the cheaper ‘retaliate-only' Carnage to a 12 attack value. Their defenses are pretty low to balance out the insanity of the rest of the dial, so the +1 helps there a lot as well. Empower on her damage slot also boosts us so that we're effectively getting +1 to attack, defense, and damage as long as we stick around her.
The real reason I wanted Shriek though was for her incredibly stupid movement power that she gets on her second click:
CARNAGE IS THE BATTERY, AND I'M THE RADIO!: Characters within range that do not have the Maximum Carnage keyword possess Battle Fury. Shriek can use Mind Control, and when she does she can target any opposing characters within range regardless of line of fire or Battle Fury, and she isn't dealt unavoidable damage from Mind Control.
I know what you're thinking: “almost your entire team has Shape Change. Why grant Battle Fury?” It's simple. Colossi have a huge weakness in that everyone can see them, but when a character has Battle Fury, they can't make ranged attacks. This stops a TON of characters from doing whatever it is they do, and it forces players to walk around my symbiote army, all while I make more. This also lets Shriek take control of people anywhere within her range to position them where I want them (say, in a spot where Carnage can Charge to).
This is where Stormbreaker comes in. Since Shriek only has a 6 range, it's not too difficult to just stay outside that radius. A lot of newer players don't know Shriek and that she ‘turns on' on click two, so they'll usually spend their first turn moving up while Shriek moves into the Boxing Ring where I've placed her hammer, and then pushes to pick it up. The trap is sprung and there's not much they can really do.
Speaking of the Boxing Ring, this thing really pulled the team together. Symbiotes can line the edges making people stop once they get in (protecting Shriek and my big Carnage), and then my big boy would go to town with that fresh +1 to attack for melee inside the ring, bringing him to a 14 attack with 5 damage. I really don't care about the hindered movement that the ring provides because I would just set it up as close as I could to my starting area and then make the enemy come to me to fight on my terms.
This was a really nasty team, and it only ended up losing a few symbiotes through the three games. What really makes Carnage disgusting is that the symbiotes have to be dealt with to get to the rest of the team, but they don't provide any actual points for KO'ing them. Because they add to Carnage's cost, you have to KO him to get those 50 extra points. This makes them highly disposable and risk-free. There were a good handful of times I rolled 6 on Blades on these suckers and it made the entire team worthwhile.
So how'd you like my Halloween build this year? I know last year I came up with some fun teams to match different themes and takes on the holiday, but this year I wanted to focus on what I actually played instead.
Did you have a Halloween themed event? If so, what was it? I'd love to hear ideas and potentially run those at my LGS! If you had one of these events, what did you play?
I hope you all have a wonderful Halloween. Stay safe tonight, and I'll see you all next week!
Advertisements
Coming Soon
Bloodride
A Norwegian anthology series that blends horror with dark Scandinavian humor, setting each distinct story in its own realistic yet weird universe.
Trinkets
In this coming-of-age series, three teenage girls from different social circles form an unlikely friendship over their shared affinity for shoplifting.
Escape from Hat
A desperate rabbit rallies an unexpected band of allies to help him escape from inside a magician's hat and return to the human boy he loves.
revisions
When Shibuya time-warps to 2388, high schooler Daisuke and his friends are conscripted by AHRV agent Milo to fight the hostile cyborg race, revisions.
Osmosis
In Paris of the near future, a dating app matches singles with their soul mates by mining their brain data. But decoding true love comes at a price.
The Witcher
The witcher Geralt, a mutated monster hunter, struggles to find his place in a world where people often prove more wicked than beasts.
Terrace House: Tokyo 2019-2020
As the eyes of the world turn to Tokyo for 2020, six new strangers will gather in this exciting city to live under the same roof.
Raise the Bar
In this animated series, a high school girl attempts to overcome the odds and become a champion weightlifter in the Olympics.
Every morning around 8 a.m., Rosemary Blomeyer emerges from her basement suite in a Mount Pleasant home, tapping her umbrella along the driveway and sidewalk as she navigates her way to the residential street corner.
There, Ms. Blomeyer, a visually impaired German immigrant in her 80s, listens for the footsteps of passersby, flagging them down when they are near. Sometimes, this takes just a minute or two; other times, much longer.
At 8:20 a.m. on a frosty December day, a woman on her way to work hurries by Ms. Blomeyer, her brisk pace typical during the frenetic, morning rush. But then, she stops and turns around.
Story continues below advertisement
"I am blind," Ms. Blomeyer tells her. "Could you please walk me to Cambie [Street] and 13th [Avenue]?"
The would-be passerby, a woman named Jean Collette, obliges. Ms. Blomeyer takes her arm and the two walk, slowly and carefully along the icy sidewalks, to the White Spot restaurant where Ms. Blomeyer has breakfast every morning.
This act of kindness has happened at least twice a day – once on the way to the restaurant and once back home – every day since Ms. Blomeyer's deteriorating eyesight completely gave out more than a year ago. That's roughly 60 strangers per month, though there are many repeat volunteers.
It is a charming occurrence in a city where residents recently listed social isolation as their most pressing concern, over poverty, homelessness or any other social ill. An oft-referenced survey conducted by the community-based Vancouver Foundation released last year found residents feel it is difficult to make new friends in Metro Vancouver and are worried about the growing sense of disconnection.
"They said we live increasingly in silos, separated by ethnicity, culture, language, income, age and even geography," stated the report, which triggered a flurry of stories and discussion on loneliness and isolation in Vancouver.
"They lamented what they saw as a deepening civic malaise that has resulted in more people retreating from community activities. They said this corrosion of caring and social isolation hurts them personally and hurts their communities."
However, the survey also noted that a significant reason for this disconnect is indifference – "a wish to keep to ourselves, a feeling that we have little or nothing in common with the person next door, or a sense that our neighbours don't want to know us, so why bother."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
It is a point Ms. Blomeyer raises when asked for her thoughts on people in Vancouver supposedly being cold or unfriendly.
"People are nice; you have to talk to them first," she said. "My older brother [was like that]: He didn't talk to you if you didn't talk to him first. That was just his makeup."
Ms. Blomeyer left Germany for Canada in the 1950s, arriving alone in Montreal two months shy of her 22nd birthday.
"There was nothing in Germany after the war," she said. "At that stage, there was a lot of red tape and it was very different. I like the openness, and the nature, and you have a lot of that here."
She has fond memories of skiing with new friends in Montreal, each having chipped in $150 to rent a cabin for the season.
A months-long, cross-continent "camping" trip with a friend followed, taking Ms. Blomeyer across the U.S. and Canada before settling in Vancouver.
Story continues below advertisement
"That was one of the best experiences I ever had," she said.
To depend on others in blindness could have been tremendously frustrating for someone as independent as Ms. Blomeyer, who still refuses to let people open doors for her.
But instead, she says the disability has allowed her to meet a lot of people, including some who have become close friends.
"Some people walk me regularly, on their way to work at the hospital, or to the train," she said.
"There are many repeats from people who live around here, or work at City Hall, or park around here. They come by my house."
"Some of them are quite something, though," she continued with a chuckle, recalling a woman who tried to leave her halfway.
Story continues below advertisement
"She said, 'I'm going to leave you here,' and I said, 'You cannot do that!'"
There are others who want to help, but fear they will be late for work.
"I say, 'Is your boss going to shoot you?' They change their minds. I think it's a sort of insecurity in people. I say, 'Tell them you walked a blind lady. They'll forgive you. Bosses here aren't that awful, are they?'"
Ms. Collette, the would-be passerby who ultimately turned around to accompany Ms. Blomeyer, later told The Globe that was her first time walking that route.
"At first, I did want to keep walking by because I've got to get to work," she said. "But she said she couldn't see and she needed help, so I thought, 'Why not walk her? It's not that far out of my way.'"
Vikram Vij, who co-owns the popular Vij's Indian restaurant in Vancouver with his wife, Meeru Dhalwala, first met Ms. Blomeyer in 1996, when the owners of the eatery purchased their Mount Pleasant home. Four other tenants vacated the house as part of the agreement, but Ms. Blomeyer remained.
Story continues below advertisement
She has since become "a fixture of the house," he said.
Asked for his thoughts on countless strangers volunteering to walk with his tenant every day, Mr. Vij called it "brilliant" – and said it is proof Vancouver isn't as frigid as so often described.
"I don't know why people think that Vancouver people don't do it; we do it all the time," he said.
Paul van der Hoop, whom Ms. Blomeyer calls her favourite server at the White Spot, can recite endless facts, big and small, about the woman he has served for roughly two decades: she grew up near the Germany-Poland border; she reads palms; she won't drink more than two cups of coffee.
He, along with the hostesses and the restaurant's manager, has walked Ms. Blomeyer home on many occasions.
"Every day, someone stops and offers her an arm," he said.
Story continues below advertisement
"I think it's great. This changes the perception [that Vancouver is unfriendly], I think."
Homemade Curd/Dhai/Yogurt: Intention behind writing this post about homemade yogurt is my own personal experience as I struggled to make good curd. So I thought to share this experience that might help other ladies who are struggling in making good homemade curd or dahi at home. I will try to make this a step by step method of making yogurt with pictures. Making homemade yogurt is a daily chore for Indian ladies. Many of you might already have become masters in art of making homemade yogurt. But this recipe is for those who are trying for very first time or have tried but failed in getting good quality yogurt at home.
Dahi or yogurt is such a versatile ingredient. In Indian cuisine it is used in so many different varieties of dishes. Dahi raita such as boondi raita, cucumber raita, onion tomato raita etc are primarily the main dish that you will get in any part of India. Also yogurt is used in making lassi and butter milk (chaas). Both great natural cooler drink which control body temperature in summers. Dahi is also used in many Indian curry recipes such as dahi wale aloo, dahi bhindi, gatte ki sabji etc.
To make good quality homemade yogurt / dahi we need to know few basics about curd formation process and few tricks that would help us in getting perfect result every time. In this post I have written all the possibilities of making a good curd/dahi.
First let us check the common mistakes that one can do while making yogurt at home.
How to find mistake in your curd when it is not formed properly
If you have added less curd to the milk then: The taste of the curd will not taste good or
Will not ferment soon or
Will not ferment at all and become sticky If you add more curd then required The curd will become sour or
Sometime it would form bubble on top and smells sour or
It would not be edible at all.
In case your curd get sourer than also no worries. You can make so many different dishes using sour yogurt.
Where can you use sour curd
You can make khatta dhokla
You can make handvo too.
You can make kadhi.
Gatta sabzi
Sev sabzi
Here are few handy tips to make perfect curd everytime.
Tips to make good curd
Always warm the milk and then add starter / curd to it . If you live in cold place then add more starter / curd. If you live in hot place then add less starter or else your yogurt will become sour (e.g. In 2 cup milk add 1 tsp of curd). Always useful fat milk to get nice thick curd. Keep the milk to ferment in warn place. Use starter from the previous batch of yogurt to ferment the next day. In case you don't have starter then buy yogurt in small quantity from grocery store or get it from your neighbor 😀 The longer you keep the curd to ferment the sour it gets. You can use microwave to heat milk to lukewarm temperature and use the same vessel to ferment yogurt. After the curd is fermented keep it in the refrigerator or else start turning sour.
How to avoid forming water in curd after breaking
A lot of time when you cut the yogurt and use a slice of it. If you keep rest yogurt as it is then water will start oozing out and form in the yogurt. To avoid that follow these simple steps.
As shown in the below picture I am breaking the curd.
As you can see that in both the mug curd is broken.
In one of the mug I have leveled the curd and in other just kept as it is. Now lets see the change after 5 hrs.
As you can see in the leveled curd it is just the same but in the broken curd the water is formed. (Note: Always level the curd after breaking the curd do not leave as it is or else it will form water)
Steps to make good homemade yogurt / curd / dahi
Warm the milk before adding adding the curd. Note: do not make milk too hot. Just let it become lukewarm. That temperature is enough to start the fermentation process.
Once the milk is hot add curd or starter to it.
Now mix well curd and milk as shown in the picture below.
Pour it in the container you want to make curd.
Both the container is filled.
Now cover the container with a lid and keep it in a warm place for about 7-8 hrs. If you live in hot place than you might want to check on it in between.
That's it. It's that simple to make a good quality homemade yogurt.
4.3 from 3 reviews Homemade Yogurt Recipe, Easy yogurt recipe at home Print Prep time 6 mins Cook time 5 mins Total time 11 mins Homemade yogurt recipe - Easy steps and handy tips to make perfect yogurt / curd / dahi at home. Author: Gopi Patel Recipe type: Side dish Cuisine: Indian Serves: 2 Ingredients Milk: 500 ml
Curd: 3 tbsp Instructions In a vessel heat the milk till it is warm. Then add starter or curd to it and mix well with the help of hand blender or using two glass mixes well. Pour milk and starter into a bowl to ferment curd. Cover the bowl with lid and keep it in a warm place for about 6-7 hrs. Thick and nice homemade curd is ready to serve. Notes As I live in a cold place, I have added around 3 tbsp of starter for 1/2 liter of milk. You can adjust the quantity of starter according to your surroundings. Normally 1 tbsp curd for 1/2 liter milk is sufficient in area with 30 deg Celsius temperature. 3.2.2885
Install Free Android App
Click to Install free WeRecipes Android app
Let's say you believe that the price of gold is going to go through the roof (as opposed to where it has been going lately: the basement). To capitalize on that belief, do you run out and invest in mining or smelting equipment companies? Or do you just buy gold? (You buy gold.)
But that's just where angel investors and venture capitalists are putting cash—and stirring hype. Companies such as Coinbase, Coinsetter and BitPay, among others, are getting funding, even as the Bitcoin market itself has shown just how risky the trendy cryptocurrency of the moment can be.
“At this early stage of the game, it does seem like investing in Bitcoin (if you think Bitcoin will be the winner in these types of currencies) would be wiser than investing in a Bitcoin company,” says entrepreneur and angel investor Elad Gil. “Especially since if Bitcoin is widely used it will have lots of upsides still and it is hard to choose who the winner will be in this early market.”
It is true that the amount of money being put into these companies is fairly small at this point—hundreds of thousands, rather than millions of dollars. But the venture and angel community can barely talk about anything else these days, and as their excitement ramps so will the dollars.
Imagine one of those companies gathers some steam, goes the full venture capital route and over the course of several rounds of funding raises millions. It beats back competitors, the founders stay on good terms and don't split up, and it doesn't succumb to hacker attacks on its Bitcoin horde. In other words it succeeds.
“But if you're investing in a company in the Bitcoin economy, you have to compare the valuation of the company to the valuation of the entire economy,” says Naval Ravikant, AngelList CEO.
If that Bitcoin company has a valuation of $25 million and the entire Bitcoin economy has a valuation of $1 billion (about where it is today) the deal starts to look pretty weak.
“You're betting that this company will capture 2.5 percent or more of the economy in profits over its lifetime,” Ravikant. “That's a tough bet, because Bitcoin can succeed and any given company can fail, but vice versa is almost certainly not true.” In other words, if Bitcoin doesn't succeed and become the cryptocurrency of choice, your Bitcoin economy company can't either.
Y Combinator Partner Garry Tan is making the bet that Bitcoin succeeds with his investment in digital wallet startup Coinbase. He agrees that having some Bitcoin squirreled away is wise (and you can bet the craftiest VCs are leveraging up their own Bitcoin caches by investing in companies that takes a whack at improving the Bitcoin ecosystem).
“I have done some of that,” Tan says laughing. “But the buy and hold thing, that is not interesting to me.” What is interesting to Tan is backing companies like Coinbase that he believes can help Bitcoin make the transition from speculative “toy” that people horde like gold rather than spending, to something that people can actually use.
Tan's vision for Bitcoin is as a universal currency that will make money transfers easy and cheap from any person or business to any other person or business across the globe. In that scenario Coinbase becomes a far-cheaper version of Visa. “Bitcoin has the potential to destroy credit cards and banks as we know it, maybe that is a good thing or a bad thing,” Tan says. “But I like the idea that if someone needs to remit payments they can do it without being gouged.”
If Bitcoin starts to become a widely used digital currency, something that people actually spend on products and services, Tan's vision, and that of every Bitcoin economy startup and their investors, begins to make sense. So do the competing cryptocurrencies beginning to crop up like Ripple that are designed to promote use rather than speculation.
As Gil observes, at this juncture it's unclear whether Bitcoin is the winner or just the early front-runner among mathematical currencies. What you are likely to see over time is investors and speculators both hedging against the overall market by placing bets on multiple math-based currencies. Opencoin, the company behind Ripple—and backed by Andreessen Horowitz and Lightspeed Venture Partners—is one current example.
What the excitement among angels and VCs in these Bitcoin and cryptocurrency economy companies really shows more than anything is a growing belief that some math-based currency will take hold and sooner rather than later. But until we know which one, investors in Bitcoin companies risk finding themselves with what amounts to a warehouse full of Betamax players just when the world is about to switch to VHS.
A Florida couple delayed their arrest during a standoff with authorities because they were having sex “one last time,” according to reports.
Read: American Airlines Flight Delayed Because of 1,000 Bees Found Under the Wing
Ryan Bautista, 34, and Leanne Hunn, 30, were charged with resisting police and false imprisonment outside a mobile home in Jacksonville.
Hunn allegedly told cops during a phone call that she would leave the home after having sex with Bautista, police said.
A SWAT team arrived at the home at 9:30 p.m. and the standoff didn't end until 4 a.m. on Thursday, when police entered the home.
No residents were in danger during the standoff, police said.
"Fortunately no evacuations were required at this particular location because it was isolated and the time of day didn't require any type of duress for the citizens in that area," Lt. Jessie York told News 4 in Jacksonville.
Read: Cops: Drunk Driver Says His Dog Was Behind the Wheel
The couple was inside the home with a man, Michael Forte, 34, who was being sought by authorities for armed burglary. Forte was eventually arrested and charged with possession of a weapon by a convicted felon, armed robbery, and murder, police said.
Watch Below: Shia LeBeouf Posts Cryptic Tweets After Latest Arrest
Emma Watson has lived the dream of countless childhoods by getting her pick of Disney princesses to play. And like those of us who ignored the whole Stockholm Syndrome thing to focus on our favorite character's literary inclinations, she chose Beauty And The Beast's Belle. In an interview with Total Film, coming to us via Screen Rant, Watson explained that she was offered the part of Cinderella in Kenneth Branagh's 2015 live action reboot, but said no, leaving the role for Lily James to swoop up in her giant gown. Then the chance to play Belle came along.
“I didn't know they were going to make Beauty And The Beast at the time I turned down Cinderella, but when they offered me Belle, I just felt the character resonated with me so much more than Cinderella did,” she said. “She remains curious, compassionate and open-minded. And that's the kind of woman I would want to embody as a role model, given the choice.” That's reasoning befitting a UN Goodwill Ambassador who was Harry Potter's Hermione and makes a habit of leaving feminist texts in public places. In the original, Belle's defining characteristic is that she reads, which gets her labeled “peculiar” in her “small provincial town.” Watson has said that she expanded on that in the new version, making her an inventor.
Linda Tremoureux is the greatest Secret Santa to ever live! She is my rematch, since my first SS was a freeloading loser, and boy am I glad that person was a deadbeat. She came through in a big way. I was ready to give up hope on this and future reddit Secret Santa exchanges, but out of nowhere came a message from this angel. "Christmas is coming.. I am your rematch. Now I have to stalk you to see if you've been naughty or nice...." Immediately, I knew I had a winner on my hands. First to arrive was a Link cosplay hat. My Legend of Zelda love was very apparent to her, and she wasn't done yet. I messaged her with my thanks and this was her reply: "5 boxes coming.. the tracking numbers are listed on your secret santa page... so you can watch them.. and torment yourself with the anticipation. The 5th one doesn't have a tracking #, but it's a book... and it plays into your deepest fears.... :)" My mind couldn't handle the excitement that I had from this message. 5 more gifts were way more than anything that I was expecting. Monday night, I get home to see 4 packages waiting for me. Like a little kid on his birthday, I tore into those boxes as fast as I could. Gift #2 was mindblowing!. Another Zelda item, this time it is Hyrule Historia, a book that tells the entire history of the Legend of Zelda franchise. I love it. I have already read more in that tonight than I did my entire final semester in college. Next gift, she went straight for my sports fanaticism. I am both an avid Dallas Mavericks fan, and quite the bedroom baller(not a euphemism). She sent me a Mavericks door hoop for my room, and I'm already shooting jumpers like Dirk. Next package is a bag of Dark Chocolate covered Acai Blueberries. I did not realize that these exist, and now I cannot live without them. Absolutely delicious! My final package for tonight was off the wall, but always brings a smile to my face whenever I set it off. An electronic Yodeling Pickle, with a message from Linda saying "Everyone needs one of these :)". Indeed they do, Linda, Indeed they do. I await my next gift with much anticipation. I will update this post as soon as I can, but I have a suspicion as to what it pertains to, and I am super excited and terrified. Linda, might I say, you have made this Christmas truly special. I was ready to never participate in Secret Santa again, down because I feel like I had been taken advantage of (dramatic, I know, but I was really down about it you guys!). I wish I could thank you in person for being such a wonderful person.
New homes built in Montgomery County would have to meet federal energy efficiency standards under innovative legislation approved yesterday by the County Council over the objections of builders who said that the mandate would drive up costs for consumers.
The measure, meant to reduce energy consumption by 15 to 30 percent, is part of a far-reaching environmental initiative. It includes property tax credits for residents who switch to renewable energy, a requirement that residents disclose utility costs when they sell a home and a plan to get county officials to trade in their government-issued sport-utility vehicles.
"We are attacking literally every source of greenhouse gas that exists and ensuring that our county and our citizens use less energy," said council member Roger Berliner (D-Potomac-Bethesda), lead sponsor of the measures and an energy lawyer.
Developers in the Washington region have been voluntarily building homes with energy-efficient appliances and heating and cooling systems. But Montgomery officials said the county would become the first in the country to require that new single-family homes and townhouses meet Energy Star standards created by the Environmental Protection Agency to encourage the use of energy-efficient windows, tightly sealed structures and effective insulation. Oregon, a Dallas suburb and Gaithersburg have similar programs.
Other jurisdictions in the region have tackled pieces of Montgomery's energy package, but none has taken on so many issues at once. Arlington County fuels its diesel vehicles with biodiesel, almost 10 percent of Fairfax County's employees participate in a telecommuting program and Howard County provides tax credits to homeowners who install solar or geothermal heating systems.
"Montgomery County is definitely on the leading edge," said Stuart Freudberg, director of environmental programs for the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments.
A spokesman for County Executive Isiah Leggett (D) said he is "fully supportive" and intends to sign the seven-bill package.
Homes that meet the EPA standards would use 15 to 30 percent less energy than those built under Montgomery's current guidelines, county analysts say. To comply, homes would have to be certified through an independent review; builders who do not comply would be fined an amount to be determined through regulations.
Depending on the size of the home, analysts and developers estimate that construction costs would increase $2,000 to $20,000. For an $800,000 home -- the average price for new residential construction -- Berliner said that an additional $10,000 would increase the overall cost by about 1.25 percent.
In a compromise designed to win support from his colleagues, Berliner agreed yesterday to delay the home-building requirements, which were to take effect in January, for one year. He also offered what he called an "off ramp," allowing the council to choose an alternative if a working group appointed by Leggett comes up with a less costly plan that offers comparable results.
Although they voted in favor of the measure, which was approved unanimously, council members Nancy Floreen (D-At Large), Michael Knapp (D-Upcounty) and George L. Leventhal (D-At Large) expressed concern about piling costs on the development industry after the council doubled taxes on home builders last year, and about passing those costs on to residents.
Raquel Montenegro, a lobbyist for the Maryland-National Capital Building Industry Association, said her members "are not opposed to better building; we're opposed to imposing a mandate that the market is unwilling to pay for."
More than 21,000 people streamed into the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center, with thousands more outside the hall in South Boston Saturday night, to hear Bernie Sanders speak.
The candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination highlighted plans to bring workers 12 weeks paid family and medical leave — particularly for those families that just had a baby.
"And when we talk about family values, we are talking about ending the international embarrassment of the United States of America being the only major country on earth that does not provide paid family and medical leave," Sanders said, jabbing at Republicans for stressing what he says are the wrong family values.
Sanders also spoke passionately about wanting to more than double the federal minimum wage from $7.25 to $15.
This was arguably not your typical political event at the Convention Center. For one thing, valet parking was pretty quiet. Thousands of people — most, but not all young, most, but not all white — walked along Summer Street after having taken the train or the T to get to the rally.
Liam Geary, a music producer from Pembroke, was one of many young adults who came by train to hear Sanders. The 21-year-old said he feels the American economic system is broken.
"I think that the youth is really set up to fail, where if you decide to go to school you're going to be left with a crushing, staggering amount of debt, and there are not a lot of jobs for kids that are just freshly graduated, and the only jobs are unpaid internships, which isn't practical when it comes to paying back your student loans, which is why I dropped out of college," Geary said.
Geary, an independent voter, said he fully supports Sanders. The 74-year-old U.S. senator from Vermont is officially an independent, but caucuses with the Democrats.
In his address, Sanders promised to push for free tuition at all public universities and for people to be able to refinance their student loans.
"What we are doing is pulling the rug out from under these young people, and we are harming the future of America, because we need to capitalize on the best intellects that we can, regardless of the income of their families," Sanders said.
The Sanders rally was free and open to the public. The campaign estimated 21,000 people in the hall — which was filled to capacity — and another 4,000 in overflow, most of whom watched Sanders speak on large screens set up on The Lawn on D around the corner.
An estimated thousand of people who could not get inside the convention center braved chilly temperatures to hear Bernie Sanders speak on large screens set up on The Lawn on D. (Lisa Creamer/WBUR)
Among those in the crowd: Jessica Van Sweringen, a recent Harvard graduate and researcher at Boston Children's Hospital, who lives in Brookline.
The 23-year-old said she's considering Sanders and Hillary Clinton — and maybe even a Republican candidate. She has not yet registered to vote.
"I would still like to hear more about what Bernie Sanders thinks about foreign policy," Van Sweringen said. "I think he touched on that, but he didn't go as in-depth as I would have liked him to."
Van Sweringen came with Julia Bruce, a 22-year-old registered Democrat, who also just graduated from Harvard. The Weston resident said she's "primarily" for Sanders.
"You know, he's talking about really relevant issues, about racial justice, inequality, global warming," Bruce said. "He really just hit so many topics over the course of an hour that it was really amazing."
After delivering his speech, Sanders also came outside to briefly address those who braved the chilly temperatures on The Lawn on D.
Most campaign speeches are fairly short. Sanders spoke for about an hour and a half. Wearing a blue blazer and an open-collar button-down blue shirt, he did something else unusual for a political rally: he started on time.
Sanders told the crowd he's counting on increasing voter turnout. He predicts that if his campaign does that he stands good odds of securing the nomination.
Clarification: The story's headline has been updated to more accurately reflect that the rally drew tens of thousands of people. While the story gave the full estimate of those who attended, the headline, in saying "thousands" attended, was unclear.
Correction: Due to an editing error, an earlier version of this post misidentified where Jessica Van Sweringen was during the rally; she was in inside, not outside. We regret the error.
Part I: The Fall
I first met Steve-O nine years ago backstage at a stop on the Rock the Bells tour. He bummed a light from me and described a planned tribute to Ol' Dirty Bastard during the Wu Tang Clan's set: nude from the waist down, he would execute a mangina backflip.
He went on to perform exactly what he'd described. Raekwon took serious offense and demanded an apology. Steve-O obliged. "If I were I to go back, I might have done it differently," he told me recently. "I've always been the butt of my own jokes, and I never meant to disrespect anyone." This, coming from the performer who publicly spent a decade splayed out as a grotesque skater bro on Jackass. He wore a jellyfish as a sombrero; tasered himself routinely; and became a human dartboard, a punching bag, shark bait, and, most importantly, a punch line.
Steve-O is a joke. His name is a joke. His trademark cackle is a joke, always punctuated by his drawn-out nasal catch-phrase "Yeaaaaah, dude." His grin is miles wide and his body is routinely the object of insult. Everything is a stunt, everything is a gag. He can't blow his nose without accidentally lighting himself on fire; his need for attention is unrivaled.
But things have changed in the past eight years, mainly because Steve-O got sober. And then inspiration struck. "I chose to be more compassionate towards animals," he says. "It built up my self esteem. I was at a really low point and it was just something that made me feel better." In other words, he found purpose.
Part II: Redemption
It is just before dusk on August 9, 2015. The GoPro footage is shaky. It follows a heavily tattooed Steve-O, now 41, in jeans and a black t-shirt. He has Bluetooth earphones, a lighter, and a backpack with a blow-up whale and a battery-operated air pump. His asthmatic heaving and torrents of expletives punctuate the silence. He walks fast to avoid the gathering crowd. The camera peers up to a bridged crane, 15 or 20 stories high, that looms over a Hollywood construction site. "I'll just go ahead and say it, I'm gonna be really high up in the air," he says.
The footage shuts off, and Steve-O then clambers up the 150-foot crane until he hovers high above Hollywood Boulevard. This is when the footage kicks in once more. He looks down and sees dozens of firefighters, seven trucks, and a helicopter circling. "That's a lot of firefighters," Steve-O says into the camera, which is broadcasting directly to Facebook Live. "They don't need that many firefighters. It's just me." The stunt takes longer than expected, and he's shocked by the manpower below. Once perched on top of the vertical portion of the crane, Steve-O makes his way horizontally. He inflates the plastic orca, sets off some illegal firecrackers, and then sends the whale into the wind. As it floats down toward the now-thousands of people gathered below, a message taped to its side is revealed: "SeaWorld Sucks."
The Hollywood Shamu stunt was Steve-O's second attack on SeaWorld. The first involved a San Diego freeway sign and a bit of rewriting: for a few hours drivers on the 405 saw "SeaWorld Sucks" instead of "SeaWorld Drive" on the exit ramp leading to the marine park.
At his hearing for the crane stunt, Steve-O was sentenced to 30 days in jail—a stint which begins today—and he responded by saying, "Considering I've become a clean and sober, dog-rescuing vegan, I must say I'm ready to go to jail — not just because it will bring so much attention to the plight of orcas in captivity, but because it's nice to let people know I haven't lost my edge."
Steve-O's protest antics were inspired by the documentary Blackfish, whose release has been followed by a 48 percent decline in SeaWorld's attendance. Within months of Steve-O's sentencing, and following growing political pressure, the California Coastal Commission voted to ban orca breeding in California. "My whole crane-climbing, fireworks debacle really turned out to be pretty meaningful in the end," Steve-O says. "If your goal is to make a statement about captivity, you may as well get yourself locked up!"
Part III: Restoration
Steve-O follows in a long line of marginalized performers that put their addiction and mental illness onstage. But he's survived and—with newfound clarity and a Showtime comedy special lined up—he actually seems to be thriving. There is purpose in Steve-O's life now: caring for his rescue dog Walter and cat Olivia, advocacy work with Farm Sanctuary, his actions against SeaWorld. He's dedicated a portion of the proceeds from his current comedy tour to at-risk teens in Los Angeles.
No one would have guessed this was possible in 2008 when Johnny Knoxville and the Jackass boys staged an intervention that forced Steve-O into an involuntary psychiatric hold. "I was in the habit of sending mass emails to about 200 people, basically broadcasting my downward spiral in real time," Steve-O says. "I had a particularly colorful last week before the intervention. I alluded to suicide. I was planning an eviction party in my apartment, and I wanted to ride a motorcycle through the living room. I knew I was messed up. I just felt like there was nothing I could do. I tried to quit various substances on my own and I was pretty resigned to just never quitting. It was clearly the bottom."
The intervention led to a three-week stint of psychiatric hospitalization and out of boredom, Steve-O picked up a book on sobriety and started reading. He's been sober since. A lot of his animal rights work stems from a desire to lead a compassionate lifestyle, which is ironic for someone who routinely impales himself.
Steve-O began his career as a clown and has never shied away from physical theatrics in exchange for a laugh. But he's become a different kind of Jackass. His latest actions are nothing short of political performance art. "The common denominator to all this is that I'm an attention whore," he readily admits. This jail stint won't be his first. He'll eat granola bars and drink juice and be in isolated protected custody, all in the name of freeing Shamu.
Even his sense of risk has taken on new meaning: He was supposed to do a guest stunt for a friend and figured the most terrifying thing he could pull off was a set of stand-up. That first night, he felt the warmth of the crowd and the heat of applause. Perhaps Steve-O has perfected a little sleight of hand. Maybe his act—being a Jackass—is a disguise for something else, like actually caring.
Tip: Don't wire money to anyone you haven't met in person.
Example email exchange:
“Thanks for the speedy response,i am really excited that the house is in good condition, and i really love the pictures of the house i have seen so far, i would not mind seeing more pictures of the home, i would like to know if i would have any repairs what so ever.
I work with the United nations development program(UNDP).I have been working there for 5 years.
I am married with no kid. I and my Wife actually got married last year. My Full name is PXXXX AXXXX kXXXX and my Wife's name is MXXXX DXXXX kXXXX.she is a school teacher,I am 39 years old and my wife is 35.Our current house address is 3XXXXXXXXXXXXX, EXXXXX Edinburgh Scotland.
I have never bought a property abroad before, this would be my first, and i am not working alongside any agents,i also want to know how soon you are willing to move out of the house.I and my wife are looking to relocate as soon as we have found a home we like,i would also like to know your final price for this property. please kindly get back to me asap.”
This is the follow-up from a Zillow user:
“I just wanted to let FSBO sellers know that I listed my house on Zillow a few weeks ago, and I received an email from a man in Scotland wanting to buy my house. He sent me (3) $1,000.00 money grams, one of which was a deposit to hold the house. He sent an Urgent email yesterday stating that his company (United Nations) sent us $2,000.00 by mistake to send it back to him. He wanted new money orders from my bank. I emailed him back telling him that I checked with money gram and I was told they could not find any information to verify them. I haven't heard back from him, nor do I expect to.”
“Please wire me a deposit. Zillow will guarantee your money!”
How the scam works: You're asked to wire money, and told that Zillow (or some other authoritative-sounding organization) will guarantee the money and protect you. No such guarantee exists.
Example email:
Thanks for taking the time to look at my property.
My name is Julia, I'm 55 years old, I'm a retired engineer and I'm the owner of this condo (total 900sqf. 1-Bedroom apartment, 1 bath fully accessorized). I lived in this beautiful condo for over 5 years and loved every day of it. The condo is fully furnished with all necessary amenities (exactly like in the pics), has a very large bedroom with spacious inbuilt wardrobe , living room with dining area, 1 bathroom, dishwasher, washing machine and clothes dryer. The condo come with two parking spots, a storage unit where you can deposit my furniture (if you don't like it and you want to use your furniture). Pets allowed. Four months ago I moved to Bismarck, North Dakota at my sons place to take care of my 2 years old nephew. I really want to find a good and responsible tenant for it, and I hope that you can send me some personal information about yourself.
The monthly rent for the apartment is US $700. I want to receive first month's advance $700 refundable deposit ($1400 TOTAL).
I am looking for someone to rent anywhere from 3 months to 5 years. Everything is included (water,electricity, Internet,cable, parking,air conditioning, fireplace, dishwasher, garbage) and I want to receive the money monthly in my bank account. You can move in the condo in the same day when you receive the keys. The only problem is that I`m the only person who has the keys and I have nobody in the area that could show you the condo (my son and nephew are my only family). In order to check & see if you like it (I'm sure that you'll love it), you need to receive the keys and the contract by postal service (USPS 2 Days Delivery). Obviously we need a way to complete this deal in a safe and fast way for both of us and the solution is provided by a company called Zillow ( www.Zillow.com I am already registered with them since 5 years ago i purchased the apartment from their website) which will handle the payment and delivery of the Keys. They have a Tenant Deposit Protection, here you can see here how Zillow.com Payment Services work (i got from one of their email-letters). They have a program that protects the tenants deposit and makes sure that the tenant is fully satisfied with the condo before I receive the money. In conclusion, the money will be deposited and locked in their custody until you will be able to view & accept the condo.
If you want to know more about how this deal can work please get back to me ASAP and I will send you the step-by-step procedure. Let me know if you are interested because I really need to take care of this matter by the end of the next week. Please don't forget also to send some information about you and the people with who you will be living with.
Thank you,
Julia.
“I have a lot of money and need your help moving it out of the country.”
How the scam works: Someone very official or important-sounding needs your help moving money, and they promise you a large bonus in return. If you reply, they ask for relatively small sums to move the process along (fees, verification checks, etc).
Tip: Beware long-distance inquiries, requests to wire funds, or requests for personal information.
Example email:
“Dear Linda,
I have received the information concerning your house,the price is $239,750.Am very confident dealing with you.I am willing and capable to buy the property,but i want to trust you with this confidential proposal.
Before i continue, let me introduce myself to you, I am Captain IXXXX HXXXX the commander of the Special N.A.T.O coalition force with the United Nation troops in Iraq,on war against terrorism.My country is germany.
I have now in my possession the sum of USD 6.5 million which was recovered from one of our raids on terrorists camps here in Iraq,because they keep most of their money at home for evil activities which they normally get through illegal deals on crude oil.
Based on the suffering we undergo here some of us do meet such luck. It happened that in our last raid last week we raided one of the terrorist strong base here in Iraq,though some of the men in my unit lost thier lives in the fierce attacks,and we recovered this huge sum of money.This box of money have been deposited with the RED CROSS OFFICE here in Baghdd informing them that contacts are being made for its safe keeping and to make contacts for its proper use . As the team leader it is under my power to approve whoever comes forth for this money.
So i need someone i can deal with on trust and that is why i contacted you. so If you accept, I will put you forward as the beneficiary/owner of the funds and then move the money to you in Europe first. As a military personnel i cannot parade such an amount or carry it to my country so i need to present someone as the beneficiary.I just need your acceptance and all is done.I have a 100% authentic means of transferring the money through diplomatic courier service to you in Europe where arrangements will be made to proceed to your country America.
Once i confirm your interest to my proposal.and your positive reply i will proceed to register your name as the beneficiary.
If you are interested, then let me know so i can proceed to register the consignment in your name as time is very important to me. I am doing this on trust, you should understand that as a trained military expert I will always be carefully in my dealings so everything is intact. This money is my life and i am willing to give you 30% of the total sum when the money is delivered to you. I wait for your response so we can proceed immediately. In less than 7days the money should be in your safe custody.
The only telephone access we have is radio message which is for our general use and is being monitored,therefore all communication will be via email till we finish our assignment here and fly straight to your country to meet you. Thank God that the new President Elect, Barack Obama whose keen interest is to call us back home soon.”
Regards
Capt.IXXXX HXXXX”
“I want to buy your property. Please send sensitive information.”
How the scam works: Someone contacts you remotely and proposes to buy or rent your property. They may ask for personal information that can be used to steal your identity or rob your bank account.
Tip: Beware long-distance inquiries or requests for personal information.
Example email:
“I am interested in purchasing the property on 17 LXXXX Rd, CXXX HXXXX VXXXX CO XXXXX.Although the price is much “$4,000,000”. But i will convince my client regarding the property is a Single Family Residential. I know he must like it. I would like to view the copy of the contract of sale. As you are the real owner for this property. I would like to view the contract of sale. So it can be checked for any irregularities. Once the contract is okay and has been given the thumbs up by my client. I can then contact you and make an offer accorden to your request or Advise. I look forward to hearing from you
Sincerely, Mr. CXXXX KXXXX BXXXX
7XXXX TXXXX bldg. 1-XX-XX HXXXX-IXXXX, TXXXX-XX ,
Tokyo Japan.”
RALEIGH, N.C. — Donald Trump shared the battleground state of North Carolina with Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama on Tuesday — and the presumptive Republican nominee used the proximity to take potshots at the Democrats on a day that provided ample ammunition.
Rousing an already boisterous crowd, Trump lambasted the FBI's recommendation not to pursue criminal charges against Clinton from her time as secretary of state, questioning "how can you possibly say no charges" to what Trump called the "Enron-style purge of her emails."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump accuses Clinton of bribing AG Lynch 0:36 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump called Tuesday morning's announcement a "tragedy" and seized on FBI Director James Comey's allegations that Clinton was "extremely careless" in decisions regarding her emails and server.
Related: Rapidly Changing North Carolina Becoming A Key Swing State
"You didn't have to be careless. You didn't even have to really know that what you were doing was wrong, and you're guilty," Trump said. "The laws are very explicit. Stupidity is not a reason that you're going to be innocent, OK? It's not a reason."
Trump stayed mostly on message Tuesday evening, attacking Clinton — whom he repeatedly called "crooked" — while putting her husband, former President Bill Clinton, Obama and Attorney General Loretta Lynch on trial for their roles in the email scandal.
The most glaring of these attacks came when Trump lobbed the unfounded accusation that Clinton was "bribing" Lynch.
His allegation was based on a report in The New York Times — which thus far has been attributed only to Democratic aides — that said Clinton is considering retaining Lynch if she wins the presidency.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump on FBI's Clinton Email Investigation: 'The System Is Rigged' 1:47 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"I'm not knocking the attorney general," Trump said, only to directly knock Lynch in his next sentences:
"What I'm saying is how can you say that? It's a bribe. The attorney general is sitting there saying, 'If I get Hillary off the hook, I'm going to have more years or eight more years, but if she loses I'm out of a job.' It's a bribe. It's a disgrace."
Trump then took aim at Obama, saying he "should be at home" instead of hitting the campaign trail with Clinton. He also called Obama "all talk and no action."
Throughout the night, mentions of Clinton, Obama and Lynch were met with boos and jeers from the crowd.
Most notably, regarding Clinton, crowd goers shouted out on a several occasion, "Hang that b-tch!" — a chant that was met with more cheers from fellow attendees.
Trump himself did not hear, or did not comment on, that particular callout.
As for Clinton's fellow Democratic hopeful, Trump lamented that Sen. Bernie Sanders on Tuesday "lost the FBI primary.'"
"Bernie, my poor Bernie!" Trump mocked.
Trump also touched on the Middle East and the war on terrorism, calling the late Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein a "really bad guy" with some redeeming qualities when it came to killing terrorists.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Praises Saddam Hussein for How Well He Killed Terrorists 1:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
He "didn't read them the rights. They didn't talk. They were terrorists, over," Trump said of Hussein.
Now, Trump said, "Iraq is Harvard for terrorism. You want to be a terrorist, you go to Iraq."
Jake Sullivan, the Clinton campaign's senior policy adviser, said Trump's comments proved he's "dangerous."
"Donald Trump's praise for brutal strongmen seemingly knows no bounds," Sullivan said in a statement Tuesday night. "In reality, Hussein's regime was a sponsor of terrorism — one that paid families of suicide bombers who attacked Israelis, among other crimes.
"Trump's cavalier compliments for brutal dictators, and the twisted lessons he seems to have learned from their history, again demonstrate how dangerous he would be as commander-in-chief and how unworthy he is of the office he seeks."
Joining Trump on the trail Tuesday was vice presidential hopeful Bob Corker, a Republican senator from Tennessee, whose soft voice and slow drawl stood in sharp contrast to Trump's classic brashness.
Taking the stage before Trump's 70-minute remarks, Corker said he hadn't planned on saying anything.
"I just came to visit," Corker told the crowd. "But I have to say something: The rallies that I have back home aren't quite like this. Pretty cool, yeah. This is unbelievable, isn't it?"
Corker didn't work the rope line with Trump, as some of his fellow possible VPs have in the past. Instead, he stood on stage and backstage, giving a small wave to the crowd only after Trump had mostly finished working the line.
Moments later, Corker hopped off the stage to shake some hands, after most of the crowd had seen whom they were there for.
Preface
A third edition! My colleagues and I have never wavered in our conviction that the theory behind The Dictionary of Cultural Literacy is sound, as it is based on well-established findings of linguistics and cognitive psychology. But it is gratifying to learn that its scholarly soundness has found a practical resonance with the public.
A new edition is called for to keep up with the changes in American culture. This book contains about five hundred (out of nearly seven thousand) new entries, of which about two hundred are in the science and technology chapters. It is frightening to realize that when we wrote the second edition, almost no one knew what a Web page was. Of the remainder of the new entries, about half are in the fields of history, politics, and geography. A thousand entries have been revised for clarity and updated to reflect current usage. We hope that this book continues to be useful to Americans of all ages and backgrounds.
I say "to Americans" because the concept of cultural literacy implies a national culture. Of course the entries reflect content from many nations of the world, and the principle of cultural literacy is implicitly international. There are by now German, Dutch, and Swedish versions of this book. But each is different, having been adapted to the relevant national language and culture. People within each of these national communities are bound together not just by political institutions and laws, but also by shared values and allusions and a shared language. The public understands that in the United States, our shared language contains not just "the" and "was" but "Birmingham Jail," "Sitting Bull," and "pay through the nose." (Explanations of idioms like "pay through the nose" have been especially welcomed by immigrant parents and children.) The public also understands that these shared meanings are essential for communication inside our nation -- or, to put the matter simply, they are essential for reading. We all know that reading is the most important academic skill, and that there is a big reading gap between haves and have- nots in our schools. We know that reading skill is a key not just to a child''s success in school but also, in the information age, to his or her chances in life. That is why the federal government and now most of the states have started to place an enormous emphasis on reading.
This is good news and bad news. It''s good news because becoming a good reader is so enormously important. It''s bad news because the people who make and carry out school policies have not been very sophisticated so far about what is needed, beyond sounding out words, to become a good reader. On the important matter of reading comprehension, their vision is vague and clouded. Talking about reading comprehension reminds me of Mark Twain''s comment on the weather: everybody talks about it, but nobody does anything about it. Reading comprehension scores have not gone up significantly.
In the United States, reading with understanding is based on the kind of background knowledge identified in this book, and it is to be hoped that our schools will begin to do a better job of imparting this kind of knowledge to all children in a coherent and cumulative way. When they do, reading comprehension scores will go up. (Data to support this can be found at the Web site of the Core Knowledge Foundation, www.coreknowledge.org). From the start, the premise of this dictionary was that true literacy -- reading with comprehension -- requires a lot more than sounding out the words on the page. Those who possess the needed, taken-for-granted knowledge can understand what they read, and those who lack that knowledge cannot. The haves learn ever more from what they read and hear; the have-nots fall further behind and lose the chance to become participating members of the wider community.
That word "community" brings me to the second motivation behind this book, the connection between communication and community, especially in a democracy. A lot of American flags are flying these days. Some people think this is a worrisome show of nationalism, but I believe it is a show mainly of solidarity and community. Community is built up of shared knowledge and values -- the same shared knowledge that is taken for granted when we read a book or newspaper, and that is also taken for granted as part of the fabric that connects us to one another.
Horace Mann put it eloquently in his nineteenth-century way in making a case for public schooling and a common curriculum. Shared knowledge, he said, would enlarge "the cultivated class or caste and . . . open a wider area over which the social feelings will expand; and if this education should be univeersal and complete, it would do more than all things else to obliterate [artificial] distinctions in society." Mann thought that if everyyyyyone shared the enabling words and knowledge of our culture, everyone would gain a sense of solidarity with others. Social feelings would expand. Artificial distinctions of class and caste would be erased, and patriotic feelings would grow.
The love of country -- patriotism -- is a very different sentiment from nationalism. A fine book by Benedict Anderson, Imagined Communities, beautifully distinguishes between nationalist and patriotic sentiments. Nationalism is an aggrandizing, tribalistic sentiment that defines one''s own group as opposed to alien groups, which are seen as potential rivals or enemies to be overcome or excluded. Patriotism, by contrast, implies love of country without necessarily implying hostility to anybody else. American patriotism is built of shared knowledge, attitudes, loyalties, and values, including the values of nonexclusion, toleration, and respect for other religions and cultures. Americans have proved that it is possible to feel patriotic about a cosmopolitan, diverse country, which is loved more for its vital diversity than for its racial or ethnic purity. That was Walt Whitman''s patriotism, and Herman Melville''s. For most of our history, the United States has imagined itself as a patriotic rather than as a nationalist state. George Washington thought of himself and was celebrated as Cincinnatus, the Roman hero who wishes only to return to his hearth and his farm once the necessary sacrifice and service to the patria is accomplished.
To that, Herman Melville added our modern idea of a nation that embraces all races and ethnic groups. He said,
There is something in the contemplation of the mode in which America has been settled that, in a noble breast, should forever extinguish the prejudices of national dislikes. Settled by the people of all nations, all nations may claim her for their own. You can not spill a drop of American blood without spilling the blood of the whole world. . . . We are not a narrow tribe of men -- No: our blood is as the flood of the Amazon, made up of a thousand noble currents all pouring into one. . . . For who were our father and mother? Or can we point to any Romulus and Remus for our founders? Our ancestry is lost in the universal paternity, and Caesar and Alfred, St. Paul and Luther, Homer and Shakespeare are as much ours as Washington, who is as much the world''s as our own.
You might want to read the rest of this wonderful passage (Chapter 33) from Redburn, written in 1849. I won''t quote any more of it here. Suffice it to say that this American idea of a new kind of patriotism and community is a tradition that stretches from George Washington to Horace Mann and Herman Melville to ourselves, and it has not lost its pungency and capacity to inspire.
--E. D. Hirsch, Jr.
Charlottesville, Virginia, 2002
Technology
There are two reasons to pursue scientific knowledge: for the sake of the knowledge itself, and for the practical uses of that knowledge. Because this second aspect of science affects the lives of most people, it is more familiar than the first. Knowledge must be gained, however, before it can be applied, and often the most important technological advances arise from research pursued for its own sake.
Traditionally, new technology has been concerned with the construction of machines, structures, and tools on a relatively large scale. The development of materials for building bridges or skyscrapers is an example of this, as is the development of the internal-combustion engine and the nuclear reactor. While such activities involve all the sciences, from chemistry to nuclear physics, the overriding goal has been the same: to improve the human condition by finding better ways to deal with the macroscopic world.
Since World War II, the focus of technological activity has undergone a major change. While the old activities are still pursued, they have been largely superseded by applications of technology at the microscopic level. Instead of building large-scale structures and machines, modern technology tends to concentrate on finding improved ways to transfer information and to develop new materials by studying the way atoms come together. The silicon chip and microelectronics typify this new technological trend, as does the blossoming of genetic engineering. The advent of the Internet is just one familiar consequence of this new trend, which can be expected to continue into the foreseeable future.
The dividing line between what we include in the following list as technology and what we call science elsewhere in this volume is somewhat arbitrary. In general, what we have done is this: if a term is essential to understanding a particular branch of science, it appears in the list for that science. Thus, atom appears with the physical sciences, even though an understanding of atoms is clearly important to the new technology. If, however, the term involves something that is likely to affect an individual''s
New research from University of Alberta and University of Vienna microbiologists provides unparalleled insight into the Earth's nitrogen cycle, identifying and characterizing the ammonia-oxidizing microbe, Nitrospira inopinata. The findings, explained Lisa Stein, co-author and professor of biology, have significant implications for climate change research.
“I consider nitrogen the camouflaged beast in our midst,” said Stein.
“Humans are now responsible for adding more fixed nitrogen, in the form of ammonium, to the environment than all natural sources combined. Because of that, the nitrogen cycle has been identified as the most unbalanced biogeochemical cycle on the planet.”
The camouflaged beast
Earth's nitrogen cycle has been thrown significantly off balance by the process we use to make fertilizer, known as the Haber-Bosch process, which adds massive quantities of fixed nitrogen, or ammonium, to the environment. Downstream effects of excess ammonium has huge environmental implications, from dead zones in our oceans to a greenhouse gas effect 300 times that of carbon dioxide on a molecule to molecule basis.
Isolation and characterization of the Nitrospira inopinata microbe, Stein said, could hold the answers for Earth's nitrogen problem.
Practical applications
“The Nitrospira inopinata microbe is an ammonium sponge, outcompeting nearly all other bacteria and archaea in its oxidation of ammonium in the environment,” explained Stein. “Now that we know how efficient this microbe is, we can explore many practical applications to reduce the amount of ammonium that contributes to environmental problems in our atmosphere, water, and soil.”
The applications range from wastewater treatment, with the development of more efficient biofilms, to drinking water and soil purification to climate change research.
“An efficient complete ammonia oxidizer, such as Nitrospira inopinata, may produce less nitrous oxide,” explained Kits. “By encouraging our microbe to outgrow other, incomplete oxidizers, we may, in turn, reduce their contribution to the greenhouse gas effect. Further investigation is required.”
The research, “Kinetic analysis of a complete nitrifier reveals competitiveness in oligotrophic habitats,” is published in Nature.
3 weeks of work made this.I'm gonna cry with how happy I am with it and how much love I pour into it. I really hope it makes others smile or as happy or anything as much as it does me. I will always love Undertale and my dedication and determination to make this picture the best I could is proof of that.I hope everyone likes it.As my love for this game fills me with determination, their love fills me with determination as well!If you would like to see the background alone it's here Update: I realigned the text to make it more centered because I want this to be perfect. Lol Sorry!I do not own any of these characters! They all belong to Toby "Radiation" Fox!Undertale (C) Toby Fox
BRASILIA (Reuters) - The Brazilian government, under pressure to improve public health services, has dropped plans to import a contingent of Cuban doctors and is instead looking to hire physicians in Spain and Portugal, the Health Ministry said on Monday.
Doctors work in the tomography section of Havana's main cardiology and heart surgery hospital October 19, 2012. REUTERS/Desmond Boylan
The plan to bring in Cuban doctors created a backlash because of questions about their qualifications. Brazilian medical associations argued that standards at Cuba's medical schools were lower than in Brazil and equivalent in some cases to a nursing education.
Brazil was rocked last month by massive protests fueled by frustration with a high cost of living and deplorable public transportation, education and health services, plus anger over the billions that will be spent to host the 2014 World Cup.
In response, President Dilma Rousseff is moving to expand public services, crack down on corruption and hold a non-binding national vote on political reform. Her push to improve services comes even as the government tightens the reins on overall spending in an effort to preserve fiscal responsibility.
On Monday, Rousseff unveiled a health plan that aims to fill the lack of physicians in rural communities and poor outskirts of Brazilian cities by hiring more local and foreign doctors.
“Every Brazilian must have access to a doctor,” Rousseff said in a speech. “Brazil is short of doctors. If we don't have enough in Brazil, we will look for good doctors wherever they are.”
In May, Brazil's government said it was in talks with Cuba to hire 6,000 Cuban doctors to serve in remote parts of the country where medical services are deficient or non-existent.
In the past decade, Cuba's communist government has sent 30,000 doctors to work in poor neighborhoods of Venezuela, Havana's closest political ally. Under an agreement reached back then with the late Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez, Cuba sent doctors in exchange for cheap oil.
Instead of a contingent of Cuban doctors, Brazil's Health Ministry will hire foreign doctors where needed on an individual basis. Each foreign doctor, a ministry official said, will individually apply to work in Brazil.
“We never reached a deal with Cuba. Now the priority is Spain and Portugal,” the official said.
Cuban doctors can apply, he said, but ads offering doctors work in Brazil will be posted in Spain and Portugal, not in Cuba. The doctors will be paid 10,000 reais ($4,400) a month.
Last week, Brazilian doctors staged demonstrations in several cities opposing the hiring of foreign physicians. The government maintained that it will do so to fill gaps left by Brazilian doctors who prefer not to work in remote areas.
Rousseff said Brazilians will be offered the jobs first. “The goal is not to bring doctors from abroad but to provide more healthcare in the interior of Brazil,” she said.
About the author
I've been active for many years in nuclear issues, Central America solidarity, nonviolent direct action, peace, Left organizing, unions and labor, movement song, and some electoral politics. I continue to be active in Sacramento groups with an international perspective: SEIU, Sacramento Action for Latin America, and the local Women's International League for Peace and Freedom (WILPF) branch, maintaining a WILPF presence in the state capital. For over 20 years I've written and emailed out to "subscribers" a Ballot Guide the the California Propositions, analyzing the statewide ballot measures and recommending positions.
In 1995 my participation in the ambitious International WILPF project of the Peace Train from Helsinki to Beijing and the subsequent International UN Women's Conference in China inspired and motivated me deeply. On the train and at the Women's Conference I offered workshops and presentations on the “developing world”, the “debt crisis” of impoverished countires, the full moon, and nonviolent conflict resolution.
My paid work and political careers have continued separately over the last ten years. My state job as an "analyst" gives me a background in substance use disorders and mental and other public health issues, including homelessness. With the support and encouragement of others, I've served in various capacities with WILPF US.
In addition to politics, I enjoy backpacking and camping with my husband, gardening and plants, literature, cultural diversity, speaking foreign languages and traveling, earth-based spirituality, bicycling, “folk” singing, good governance and process, critters (especially cats), being a union steward, and general wonderment at the natural world. My husband, Louis, and I make wonderful dinners together.
Going to Cuba in 2016 to study co-operatives revived my interest in alternative economic structures, an area I hope to study more. I seek to contribute to a world with social, economic, and political structures that support a more localized, sustainable, and relationship-based world of peace, justice, radical democracy, and excellent education. Need I add environmental biodiversity? I also advocate for joy and play -- and singing, lots of singing!
I can be reached at conjoin@macnexus.org
Those of you who have cast Yawgmoth's Will in Commander decks know the groans that come from everyone else at the table as you pick through your graveyard and cast all your best stuff. Obviously, this type of effect tends to end the game in high-powered groups, but that's generally not what I write about. I prefer the drawn-out social games, so I'll be writing about Magus of the Will through that lens. With that in mind, here's the headline:
In casual games of Commander, Magus of the Will is better than Yawgmoth's Will because it's worse than Yawgmoth's Will.
Yes, if you're a competitive Commander player, this sounds insane, and that's because it's totally wrong in the context of your group. For those of us who prefer to play lower-powered games, however, I think this makes sense. Magus of the Will provides the same effect as Yawgmoth's Will, and just like the original sorcery, it exiles itself. But it's a creature with a tap ability, which means your opponents will usually get a full turn cycle to stop you from using it. If you give it haste somehow, you still have to pay 2B to activate it on top of its casting cost or the cost of whatever card you used to put it into play. This allows for a lot more counterplay, which is more fun in Commander because the whole table gets a greater chance to have some agency in the outcome of the game. As far as an upside… I guess your opponents can't use spells like Commandeer to hijack your graveyard-related machinations, but that's a pretty serious corner case.
In most casual Commander groups, this will be used not to combo out, but simply to bring back 1, 2, or 3 cards that the table already spent serious time and resources trying to destroy, especially if they've got ETB/dies effects or repeatable value opportunities. I'm talking about cards like Sheoldred, Kokusho, and Rune-Scarred Demon with big bodies and big effects, or even cards like Crypt Ghast and Coffin Queen that don't make waves in combat but provide big benefits.
This is actually a really fun situation for a Commander game because it puts the Magus of the Will player in an “Archenemy” position. They've probably now got the strongest board position, which shifts the political dynamic of the table—will players form a temporary alliance against this player? Will someone ally with them and try to piggyback on their strength? Cards that cause dramatic shifts in the landscape of a game of Commander are, in my mind, the most exciting and impactful cards in the format, and Magus of the Will certainly delivers on that axis.
Of course, there are ways to get around the exile drawback, but that's tough. Pull from Eternity will get your Magus back into the graveyard for some very thematically appropriate Phyrexian Reclamation or something similar, but that's a lot of work. Mirror of Fate does the job too, but unless you're on some crazy Leveler/Manipulate Fate/Selective Memory/Paradigm Shift deck, there are plenty of easier ways to get access to cards in your graveyard. (That deck sounds pretty fun, actually…)
I expect to see Magus of the Will in decks with Commanders like Xiahou Dun, Gisa and Geralf: Best Friends Edition, Meren, Tasigur, and other decks that that encourage the pilot to churn cards into and out of the graveyard over and over again. It's not a hard-reset mega-Regrowth like Seasons Past or Praetor's Counsel, but it's a good card.
Oh, and one more thing: Yawgmoth's Will doesn't fit in an Isochron Scepter, but Magus of the Will fits in a Soul Foundry. Spitting Image, Followed Footsteps, and cards like them also apply. Have fun casting Yawgmoth's Will over and over and over!
Two announcements Thursday on B.C.'s political scene put this fall's legislative session into sharper focus.
The legislature will reconvene Sept. 8, seven weeks after John Horgan and the NDP were sworn into office.
The current legislative session will officially discontinue at that time, and a new session, beginning with a speech from the throne, will take place at 2 p.m. PT.
It will cap off a historic series of constitutional procedures, which began on May 9 — when B.C.'s election ended with the governing Liberals one seat short of a majority — and climaxed 52 days later when the Liberals lost a non-confidence vote and then-premier Christy Clark offered her resignation.
The speech from the throne by Lieutenant-Governor Judith Guichon is expected to be her last, as her five-year term is set to expire in October.
A new legislative session will also bring the election of a new Speaker. However, the intrigue over who will take the position has declined with the decision last week by Clark to resign as both Liberal leader and MLA for Kelowna West.
That gives the NDP and Green Party a two-vote margin in B.C.'s Legislature, enough to avoid ties on party-line votes.
A date for a new budget has not been announced, but traditionally provincial budgets are presented the Tuesday following a throne speech.
Liberals name shadow cabinet
The Liberals also presented their shadow cabinet on Thursday, the first time they have done so in more than 16 years.
"We have an incredibly strong and experienced team in place to hold the NDP to account," said interim leader Rich Coleman in a statement.
The critic positions, some of them shared between two people, ensure that all members of the Liberal caucus will have a a position.
High-profile roles include Andrew Wilkinson as attorney general critic, Shirley Bond and Tracy Redies as finance critics, and Mike Bernier and Joan Isaacs as health critics.
Mike de Jong will keep his role as house leader, Jackie Tegart will be caucus chair and Eric Foster will serve as whip.
Alicia Hryb-Macri and family
Nicola Yates - "David Tennant is the friendliest actor ever!"
Stephanie M. McMonigle
Stanley A Rynkiewicz
April Marie
Angel Hand - "By far the kindest, sweetest, and most lovely actor we've ever had the pleasure of meeting."
Cathie Berrey-Greene - "Cathie Berrey-Green Thanks for doing a gansta pose with us. #bgstyle #bgproductions"
Monica Clason
Michelle Wilson
Amanda Jeffreys
Jenny Nino Anewalt
"They were a complete dream come true!!! LOVED getting to meet them, I told David I was going to crop out Billie & my husband and he died laughing! Best day ever!!!"
Danielle Woolsey
"Fun time having my friend get billie to wear his hat! She was so kind"
Jovan Weeks
"This was the most exciting day! They were both so wonderful and oh Mr. Tennant... That smile!"
Melissa Fary
"It was so awesome to meet them! They were so nice!! The Doctor and Rose Tyler! Ahh!!"
Denise Eadie Larkin
Deanna Lewis
David Tennant and Billie Piper were guests at the Wizard World Comic Con in Philadelphia at the weekend. The event took place at the Pennsylvania Convention Centre where they took part in a fun interactive Q&A panel, signed autographs and posed for photos with fans.Thanks to a number of fans on our Facebook fanpage for sending in their fabulous photos!We'll be posting as many as we can throughout today!Check out the first batch below:
Getty Images
Aqib Talib moved from New England to Denver in free agency this offseason, and which will mean moving from practicing against Tom Brady and playing against Peyton Manning to practicing against Manning and playing against Brady. Asked which quarterback is better, Talib picked his current teammate.
Talib said on NFL Network that he loved having Brady as a teammate, but he thinks Manning is the better quarterback.
“You gotta go Peyton Manning. Tom is a good friend of mine, what's up Tom, baby. [But Manning] had an awesome year. He tore it up. He like to set the record for touchdowns. He beat Tom in the AFC Championship. You gotta give it to Peyton. Tom know that's my dog man, he knows,” Talib said, via Tom E. Curran of CSNNE.com.
Talib also noted that Patriots coach Bill Belichick let him go away to Denver this offseason and then paid Darrelle Revis more money to be his replacement: “Bill sure didn't want to give me that money so hey man, he gave it to Revis,” Talib said.
If Talib had been given the big money to remain in New England, he probably wouldn't be saying Manning is better than Brady.
Until recently, I didn't know a thing about how my roughly 25-minute bike commute across San Francisco—or any other part of my day, really—affects my body, other than that I inevitably arrive at work sweaty and a bit out of breath when I'm in a big rush. How high is my heart rate? Do my sleep habits affect it? How many calories do I burn?
These questions have been on my mind as a number of activity trackers and smartwatches have hit store shelves over the past couple of years, promising to track information like steps, sleep, heart rate, sun exposure, and calories. With one of these sensor-filled gadgets on my wrist, surely I could get accurate information about my body.
That's the idea, at least. These devices could give you more control over your health by making it easier to collect data previously left unmonitored or, as in the case of heart rate, typically gathered only at a doctor's office (and even then infrequently). And these devices aren't just tracking data; companies like Apple, Jawbone, and Microsoft offer advice based on what the sensors in their wrist-worn wearables detect. The Microsoft Health app should soon have the ability to compare calendar or contact information with the Microsoft Band's assessment of, say, your heart rate or skin conductance level—a measure of your skin's ability to conduct electricity, which tends to climb with stress.
The Apple Watch and Microsoft Band use optical sensors to measure heart rate. The Jawbone Up3, which instead tracks your resting heart rate, uses bioimpedance sensors and several electrodes to measure your skin's resistance to a small amount of electrical current. These sensors and others in the bands are adequate for measuring routine activity levels, but is the technology really accurate enough to turn wearable devices into digital medical tools?
“We're at an inflection point, or transition, from lifestyle health stuff to medical metrics,” says cardiologist Eric Topol, a genomics professor at the Scripps Research Institute and a fan of digital health technology. To Topol, the objective is clear: devices that accurately measure vital body signs and even monitor serious health problems like diabetes and heart disease. “It's the medical metrics where accuracy becomes fundamental,” he says.
The test
How far away are we from such wearables? I tested the accuracy of a few wrist-measured metrics, including heart rate. For several days, I wore an Apple Watch and a Microsoft Band while biking to and from work. I also wore a Polar H7 Bluetooth chest strap, which is one of the most accurate consumer devices for measuring heart rate. Results varied, and sometimes they varied a lot. The Band's average heart-rate measurements were consistently closer to the results of the Polar chest strap—sometimes within a beat or two per minute, but they could be as many as 13 beats off. The Apple Watch, meanwhile, gave readings as many as 77 beats per minute different from the Polar device.
Measurements of calories burned (something all three bands, including the Up3, track) were also somewhat inconsistent; on one morning commute, for instance, they ranged from 143 to 187. Altogether, the experience was a far cry from the vision of these devices as digital sages drawing deep, accurate insights from the data they collect, helping doctors diagnose ailments, and eventually, perhaps, even predicting health problems or detecting them before they become serious. These are hard goals to achieve, for several reasons. While the wrist seems like a great place to start with sensing on the body, and we're used to adorning it with watches and jewelry, it's tricky to make a comfortable, good-­looking device that can stand up to all kinds of daily abuse.
And since everyone's body is different, the wrist is not always a great spot to take accurate measurements. “You can make millions of smartwatches that are identical, but you have millions of people who are not identical. It's really hard to find something that's robust across all these people,” says Chris Harrison, an assistant professor of human-computer interaction who leads the Future Interfaces Group at Carnegie Mellon University.
Harrison and other experts say arms that are too hairy, sweaty, fat, or thin can make it hard to get a good reading from today's optical heart-rate sensors, which read blood flow in the wrist. Tattoos can pose a problem, too—as Apple points out on a support page for the Apple Watch, noting that the ink can block light from reaching the sensor. “All of a sudden that translates to thousands of users out there, all of whom are going to be unhappy and say it doesn't work because it doesn't work for them,” says Christian Holz, a researcher on human-computer interaction at Yahoo Labs who focus on the miniaturization of mobile devices.
Beyond workout tracking
There's hope for wearable devices that actually take the types of measurements that would be helpful for health monitoring. But realizing that hope will probably mean moving on to radically new technologies. And it will certainly mean developing devices that are able to take a wider variety of measurements.
At Quanttus, a startup in Cambridge, Massachusetts, researchers are building a wrist-worn device to track heart rate, respiration, and blood pressure by way of ballistocardiogram, which uses a sensor to measure the itty-bitty movements of your body every time your heart pumps blood. At a conference in late April, cofounder and CEO Shahid Azim said the company is interested in releasing “some number” of wristbands by the end of the year. Cofounder and chief scientific officer David He says it is still “refining the technology.”
Once we can pin down heart-rate and blood-pressure measurements, He believes, we may well be able to monitor most cardiovascular vital signs with wearables. This could be a boon, not just for fitness applications and those wanting to keep an eye on their own health but also for doctors who want noninvasive ways to keep tabs on patients at a level currently possible only in a hospital.
Another Cambridge-based startup, Empatica, is creating a wristband that measures jumps in skin conductance to figure out when the wearer is having a seizure, so it can alert someone to check on the person. Empatica isn't able to predict seizures yet, however, and it hasn't released its product either.
Building these products takes lots of time. Testing, simulations, modeling, prototyping, and problem-solving are all more extensive when you need to make sure the devices can stand up to the requirements of daily wear, such as frequent exposure to sweat and water. That's a lot more than you'd normally expect from your electronics. But if companies clear these obstacles, being able to sense things like blood pressure and skin conductivity continuously can also open the door to quantifying stress and mood, since they will make it possible to collect data about your body in all kinds of situations.
And we're just at the early stages of understanding how much we may be able to do with sensors on the skin. In the next several years, noninvasive sensors may become useful for other biometrics that can currently be tracked only with invasive processes. It might be possible to monitor blood glucose with skin readings rather than a needle prick—something that would be helpful to people with diabetes.
In fact, researchers are working on this particular problem at the University of California, San Diego. They've developed a temporary tattoo, printed with electrodes and coated with an enzyme solution, that can measure glucose levels. Joseph Wang, director of UCSD's Center for Wearable Sensors, has been working on the technology for the past five years. He says it will be at least another two years before it is commercialized—initially, he expects, in the form of a single-use temporary tattoo, and then with tattoos that can measure the wearer's glucose every 20 or 40 minutes for a day or a week. Topol believes that all kinds of accurate data are coming; it's just a matter of time. “We have a ways to go, but ultimately, that is something machines are really very good for,” he says. “And the algorithms can be developed where for each person it could be a virtual medical assistant.” Given that today's wristbands still stutter when measuring heart rate during a workout, such applications seem far out of reach. But the research at Quanttus, Empatica, and UCSD suggests that new approaches based on technologies far beyond conventional optical sensors could finally turn wrist-worn devices into tools for monitoring general health.
“Awesome dad! way to make the thomas family proud.”
Brooklyn stroller dad of four William “Will” Thomas lived a double life as a doting father and neighborhood nice guy in Fort Greene — while also running a string of sleazy Manhattan brothels catering to johns hot for busty Asian women, authorities and neighbors said yesterday.
Thomas' neighbors were stunned by the news — and his own teenage son even knocked the alleged Mr. Mom-turned-Pimp-Daddy on Twitter.
In addition to the snarky “Awesome dad!'' remark, the 11th-grader tweeted, “My dad is the upcoming story on nbc news if anyone wants to watch . . .
“Pretty surreal to hear your dad's name on the news in connection to a massive prostitution ring bust. had to happen eventually i guess.”
Thomas, 42, a former IT-company whiz, was busted this month for allegedly running four brothels, from the Financial District to the Upper East Side, for clients ranging from Wall Street suits to Hasidim in religious garb.
He had been quietly living in a first-floor apartment across from Cuyler Gore Park with his year-old son, the boy's mother and his 3-year-old daughter by his second ex-wife, neighbors and relatives said.
Thomas also has two teenage sons from his first marriage, relatives said.
“There was nothing suspicious or anything,” one Fort Greene neighbor said.
Thomas — once a suburban businessman with a tony home in Branchburg, NJ — “is a nice guy, very friendly, always says hello,'' added another resident who was in the park.
“He's a regular here. He comes every morning at 7 or 8 with the baby. He does exercises.''
The accused prostitution-ring leader frequents the Superior Markets deli a block away on Greene Avenue and “comes in with his kids, buys milk, talks about the [the latest football] game,'' a worker there said.
But at the same time, Thomas was allegedly using his ace computer skills to ramp up two raunchy Web sites featuring topless women — and promote his hooker biz, where sex romps ran $200 to $300 an hour.
He oversaw four brothels: on Maiden Lane, Sixth Avenue near 37th Street, East 50th Street and East 58th Street, authorities said.
The boyishly handsome suspect appeared to easily juggle his lurid secret life with parent duty, which included taking his 11th-grader to a Brooklyn Nets game on Friday at the Barclays Center.
The boy excitedly tweeted about how he and his dad had front-row seats.
The teen also posted a photo that same night of him and his father on the CBS-TV news set in Manhattan, posing with smiling meteorologist Lonnie Quinn, anchor Chris Wragge and sports editor Otis Livingston.
Thomas had once led a typical, middle-class life with then-first wife, Susan, and their two sons in Somerset County, NJ, friends said.
He made a good living working as an IT specialist at the tech firm Compuware.
“He was very successful. There was no need for him to go into the business he did,” said a source familiar with the family's situation.
It's unclear if Thomas left his IT job or was fired. In 2006, Susan divorced him, records show. She declined to comment on the arrest of her ex — who, according to records, is more than $100,000 behind in child-support payments.
Around the same time as the divorce, he began dating a Chinese woman in New York City.
But the relationship soured in a battle over a wedding ring, and in 2007, Thomas married his second wife, So Young, a half-Korean stunner who allegedly had connections that Thomas needed for his illicit new venture, a source said.
He divorced Young in March after the pair had a daughter, now 3 — and he had taken up with his current flame, a Japanese woman, one source said.
Young moved out of the country last year, the source said, leaving him to care for the child.
Thomas' mother — Sheila Thomas, 64, a model and actress who has appeared in flicks such as Matt Damon's “The Good Shepherd'' — was in denial when recently confronted with the possibility her son might be involved in something illicit, said a source with knowledge of the family.
But cops said they have the goods on him, thanks to an undercover officer who posed as a john, met Thomas in a car on West 36th Street, and was directed to one of his low-rent brothels, a first-floor duplex at 238 E. 50th St., authorities said.
Thomas' ring has been operating at least since September 2011, a criminal complaint said.
Additional reporting by Laura Italiano, Rebecca Rosenberg, Amber Sutherland, Antonio Antenucci, Ikimulisa Livingston, Laurel Babcock and David K. Li
Open Letter from Paul F.
You find yourself in cardiac ICU.
Bedridden with enough tubes to look like a stunt-double for Neo in the Matrix.
The nurse challenges you to stand up for the first time and walk down the hallway.
What do you do?
Do you panic, since you haven't left your bed since the surgery?
Do you fear, because you're not sure if you'll make it that far?
Do you give up halfway down the hall?
Odds are good that if you're a Guerrilla, you dig deep, you keep your head up, you face your flinch, and you push through.
Odds are even better that when you're done with one lap, you might ask when you can walk your second.
You've faced runs in the winter.
You've learned what “max effort” means.
You've pulled your chin up to that bar, banded or strict.
You've seen the guy or girl next to you breathe fire.
Maybe Guerrilla Fitness CrossFit isn't just about barbells and burpees.
Maybe there's more…
I don't know what your darkest nights look like.
Each one of us has a different night sky when life pulls the black color out of the crayon box and scribbles it into reality.
It might be family related.
It might be financial.
It might be a photo album with every picture ripped in half.
It might be something unspoken deep down inside, or it could be a valve regurgitating blood back into the heart and a remix to the rhythm of your normal heartbeat that you weren't expecting one Saturday afternoon.
Out of the blue, and into the black..
Dear Guerrilla family, it's been an interesting month. Heart surgery isn't something that's on most “to do” lists. Open-heart surgery wasn't on mine.
Thankfully it wasn't time for me to close my eyes for good and get a fist bump from God for Rx'ing this life-wod programmed for me.
When that challenge showed up unexpectedly, the sky started to roll in some of those clouds that didn't exactly scream “spring beauty is around the corner”. But enough about clouds for now, this note isn't about the challenges I faced, or face now that I'm home.
Challenges and adversity are not what unite us in Guerrilla.
We are united by what we do with them. We face weights, heights, walls, and distances every time that 3..2..1..GO is called. We also face our own thoughts, feelings, resistance, and more inside. Sure, we scale accordingly, but we also PR with fire in our eyes.
I don't know all your names.
I don't know all the names of stars in the sky either, but I do know what they mean to me when I look up when it's dark out.
To each and every one of you that wished me well, encouraged me, checked in, prayed, visited, made turkey chili, spent time with me, signed a jumbo soup card or had my name pop up in your thoughts for a split second – you were there in that hospital ICU wing with me.
You are the real Team Paul.
You were a thousand red stars in my dark sky.
My story is not done, and I'm believing and working toward a 105% recovery with all my heart and soul. The doctors were thrilled that I was active in CrossFit, and they say I'll be able to run and lift and jump soon enough.
Walking comes first.
Air squats are next.
(I wonder if that's to help my jeans fit better, or because the squat is the most functional movement for your body to benefit from?)
Burpees will be allowed last, unfortunately.
Apparently a sternum sawed in half isn't “ideal” for my favorite movement early on in the rehab process. Lame.. Whether you're Jim Brown or Jenny trying out a free Saturday class, Coach or couch-potato that is learning self-discipline for the first time, I'm thankful for each and every one of you. The worst is over. The scar is healing.My story is not done, and I'm believing and working toward a 105% recovery with all my heart and soul. The doctors were thrilled that I was active in CrossFit, and they say I'll be able to run and lift and jump soon enough.Walking comes first.Air squats are next.(I wonder if that's to help my jeans fit better, or because the squat is the most functional movement for your body to benefit from?)Burpees will be allowed last, unfortunately.Apparently a sternum sawed in half isn't “ideal” for my favorite movement early on in the rehab process. Lame.. “I'm home” seemed so far away one month ago.
Well, I'm home. Those two words have now been replaced with the goal of saying “I'm back”. Every day brings more energy, more health, and more hope for tomorrow.
I look forward to the next time I see you all.
I encourage each and every one of you to appreciate the moments spent under the banner of the red star we share in Guerrilla. There's a beauty in the strength required to push through – no matter if it's for you, or for the person next to you giving their all.
Fighters from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) have abducted scores of people, including several Christian families, after seizing a strategically located town in the central Syrian province of Homs, an activist group has said.
The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) said on Friday that at least 230 people had been kidnapped, including 60 Christians, some of whom were taken from a church in Qaryatain, which was captured overnight after heavy fighting with the Syrian army.
Qaryatain is near a road linking the ancient city of Palmyra to the Qalamoun mountains, along the border with Lebanon.
ISIL started the attack on Wednesday morning when three suicide bombers targeted pro-regime checkpoints at entrances to the city, the observatory said.
"IS[IL] seized Al-Qaryatain town in the southeastern countryside of Homs after violent clashes with pro-regime forces and loyalist fighters," SOHR head Rami Abdel Rahman said.
A total of 37 regime soldiers and loyalist fighters were killed, while 23 ISIL fighters also died, Abdel Rahman said.
Conflict death toll
ISIL has destroyed many churches and Christian shrines in Syria, and demanded that Christians living under its rule pay a tax known as jizya.
The ongoing clashes between government troops and ISIL are one of many fronts in Syria's war, which has left more than 240,000 people dead since it began in March 2011, according to the SOHR.
The latest toll compiled by the observatory showed that 11,964 children were among 71,781 civilians killed in Syria.
At least 88,616 regime forces were killed - or one third of all deaths documented by the SOHR - including 50,570 soldiers and the rest allied fighters.
The conflict began with anti-government protests before spiralling into a multi-front war after a brutal regime crackdown.
LAGOS, NIGERIA — In an unfortunate navigation miscalculation, hundreds of red-faced members of the Cajun Navy docked in Lagos, Nigeria, instead of San Juan, Puerto Rico, after someone forgot to perform a GPS software update.
A member of the famed informal rescue organization reportedly purchased the 2008 Garmin device in question from the Jockey Lot thrift store in Carencro just three days before they were scheduled to depart for Puerto Rico.
However, due to the fact that the device's software had not been updated for more than seven years, the group's flagship, the naval destroyer CND Thibodeaux, led them over 4,000 nautical miles off course.
The collective of weekend pleasure boat owners and duck hunters set off from Buras in Plaquemines Parish, but instead of heading to the U.S. territory devastated by Hurricane Maria, they ended up in the African city best known for internet scams.
Mr. Thibodeaux from Eunice noticed that something was wrong when he hadn't seen land in almost 30 hours. The fact that he couldn't understand GPS directions given in Mexican didn't help matters, either. It was a nightmare.
We spoke via satellite phone to self-appointed Rear Admiral Blake Robideaux, from the Franklin chapter of the Cajun Navy.
“We suffered greatly once we left the range of Louisiana radio stations like KBON 101.1,” Robideaux said. “We thought that we would arrive quickly in Puerto Rico and be greeted by thousands of desperate Mexicans who needed our help. There was a ton of people who volunteered when they heard Nik L Beer was onboard. I guess they thought it was a booze cruise.
“But instead, Mr. Thibodeaux from Eunice noticed that something was wrong when he hadn't seen land in almost 30 hours. The fact that he couldn't understand GPS directions given in Mexican didn't help matters, either. It was a nightmare.
“Right now, we're in Nigeria, which kinda resembles South Louisiana. The shanty shacks look just like the ones in Franklin, anyway. We should be able to set sail for Puerto Rico once I download the updated software at an internet cafe. I'll make sure to download the ‘Spanish for Couillons' program, too.
“Another important lesson that we learned the hard way is that you can't find Skoal or Bud Light easily on other continents. Boudreaux from Cecilia has been tweaking ever since we rounded the Straits of Florida.”
Robideaux added that the group did manage to turn the trans-Atlantic snafu into a rescue mission of a different sort.
“On the bright side, Louisiana's budget crisis should be solved, as soon as the money from that Nigerian prince's lost fortune is sent to Baton Rouge.”
Commissioner of Administration Jay Dardenne said he's received confirmation via email that $55 billion will be deposited into Louisiana's coffers once he sends a $500 processing fee to Nigerian Ambassador Gomer Akhigbe via Western Union.
The Red Shtick will keep you up-to-date as the fleet returns or gets caught up in a hurricane.
A NINE-YEAR-OLD girl has suffered serious leg injuries and spent more than five hours in the Royal Darwin Hospital's emergency department after she was attacked by a dog outside­ Hibiscus Shopping Centre.
Shallen Hart had left her karate class to go to the toilet, when she noticed a dog, which she described as a black and white staffordshire bull terrier, tied up and gave it a wide berth.
“Then it just pounced on my chest, knocked me to the ground and started to savage my leg,” the Karama local said.
It took three men to pull the dog off the child, which then attacked one of the men's shopping bags.
Mum Sharon McKee said it was horrible watching her daughter get attacked.
“I went for it and tried to pull it and kick it off, but it was too strong,” she said.
“I was in shock, I've had dogs all of my life.
“When Shallen was screaming it was just horrific.
“And, when the dog had been pulled off her, it just stood there, with her blood dripping from its mouth.”
The attack, which severed a vein on the nine-year-old's left thigh and left puncture marks and scratches on her arms and stomach, left Shallen with three stitches and bruising all over her legs and chest.
Ms McKee said about five minutes later the dog's owner emerged from the shopping centre, and began yelling abuse at her and Shallen.
“She's very wary now when she's around dogs,” Ms McKee said. “Hopefully once she gets back to normality, it'll be good, but for now she hasn't been able to go to swimming or karate­. She's already missed a swim meet and she's been away from her friends.”
Darwin Council is investigating the incident, and has the option to declare the dog violent and euthanise it.
“To be on the safe side for other people, I believe that dog needs to be put down,” Ms McKee said.
“I don't want another person to be attacked.”
In 2015-16, complaints of 173 dog attacks were lodged with Darwin Council, while there were 847 reports of dogs at large. The council issued 337 infringement notices.
The council will discuss a new animal management plan at its meeting on Tuesday, with the aim to reduce dog attacks by 15 per cent a year.
A study proves more gut DOES equal more glory in the bedroom.
Hey ladies: take a break from chasing that six-packed Adonis and instead divert your gaze to the oft-overlooked Homer Simpson Doppelganger. You may thank us for it.
While he may not have the most attractive physique upon first glance, the man with the beer belly may turn out to be quite a pleasant surprise in other important ways, if you know what I mean. And anyway, it's always nice to have a little extra cushion for cuddling, right?
But are fat men better in bed? Well, a study out of Turkey concluded that overweight men with obvious bellies last longer in bed than their thinner counterparts.
These heroic researchers (dedicated to finding answers to life's big problems) studied the BMI and sexual performance of 100 men seeking help for sexual dysfunctions contrasted against 100 men who reported no problems.
The result? Men with a higher BMI and, yes, unsightly guts, lasted an average of 7.3 minutes where the slimmest of the group could barely hold on for 2 minutes. Ouch, right? A five-minute difference is pretty significant. As in three times as long kind of significant. In fact, they found skinnier guys more likely to suffer from premature ejaculation, too.
That's right, the guy from your gym that you've been drooling over for the past six months could actually be way worse in bed than someone much less toned and, well... pudgy. This may come as a bit of a disappointment if you're looking for a man with defined muscles and athleticism (because hello, he's hot).
But look at it this way: if you're having trouble working off the late night ice cream you've been snacking on you'll be in good company. No judgment from your tubby, cuddly man.
At first blush, this might seem counterintuitive. The penis is often referred to as the dipstick of a man's health, so wouldn't those at a healthier weight be able to last longer? Not exactly. Scientists say it's more complicated than that.
More belly fat, they say, means the man in question is housing more of the female sex hormone estradiol, which helps to inhibit orgasm. The researchers even went so far as to say that men with less masculine bodies have the upper hand in holding out than a guy who is buff, like, say, a Ryan Reynolds body double.
Sigh. This must be yet another one of life's cruel practical jokes — and the silver lining if your man's two biggest hobbies are beer and nachos.
Not convinced that beer is good for your health and sex life? Check out the video below for the benefits of drinking beer:
.......
Melissa Noble is a freelance writer and blogger who lives in Brooklyn. She enjoys writing and advising about relationships because as Woody Allen said in Annie Hall (her favorite movie): those who can't do, teach.
Pam from The Office has been getting flack on Twitter for an inaccurate tweet she made over the weekend.
On Saturday, actress Jenna Fischer weighed in on recently passed GOP tax bill, putting a focus on teachers who supposedly can “no longer deduct the cost of their classroom supplies on their taxes.”
I can't stop thinking about how school teachers can no longer deduct the cost of their classroom supplies on their taxes…something they shouldn't have to pay for with their own money in the first place. I mean, imagine if nurses had to go buy their own syringes. #ugh — Jenna Fischer (@jennafischer) December 23, 2017
Fact check: The $250 school supplies deduction was actually kept in the bill.
And several conservatives and reporters on Twitter took issue with her “factually wrong” tweet.
It was capped at $250 before the bill. It's still capped at $250. Nothing changed. You are misleading people. — Charles C. W. Cooke (@charlescwcooke) December 24, 2017
.@jennafischer‘s tweet is factually wrong. Teachers will still enjoy these deductions. Jenna should do her homework before tweeting. https://t.co/QjRbrOmFnw — John Cardillo (@johncardillo) December 25, 2017
Me, direct to camera: “Maybe this fact will put @jennafischer‘s mind at ease, and maybe she'll correct her tweet for her followers.” ::shrugs adorably:: https://t.co/IhoOhkWPsZ — Guy Benson (@guypbenson) December 24, 2017
I don't want to fight with Pam from The Office, but this is not true. Final tax bill kept the $250 school supplies deduction https://t.co/8ZavNj5V5z https://t.co/c6AMoVqcg3 — Seung Min Kim (@seungminkim) December 24, 2017
This deduction was not eliminated in the bill that passed. Given that you have hundreds of thousands of followers, don't you have a responsibility to make sure you're not giving them false information? Please consider at least deleting and tweeting a correction. — (((AG))) (@AG_Conservative) December 24, 2017
On Christmas Day, Fischer followed up by saying she “had some facts wrong.”
Thanks for your tweets! I had some facts wrong. Teachers surveyed by Scholastic in 2016 personally spent an average of $530 on school supplies for students. Teachers who worked at high-poverty schools spent an average of $672. The tax deduction was capped at $250. — Jenna Fischer (@jennafischer) December 25, 2017
It's worth noting that her initial tweet had over 65,000 retweets and over 219,000 likes. Her correction has only roughly 450 retweets and roughly 4,000 likes.
[image via screengrab]
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
No. 25 Florida State (25-15, 10-9 ACC) took the series opener from rival Miami (18-20, 9-10) on Friday night with a 6-3 victory.
Another game and another home run for Dylan Busby, making him the first Seminole to ever notch three RBIs in five consecutive games.
Quick Pitch:
- Florida State pitching took another step forward on Friday night. FSU starter Cole Sands scattered two runs over 4.1 innings on five hits, one walk, while striking out seven.
- The Hurricanes would take a 1-0 lead in the second when Sands allowed a solo home run to second baseman Romy Gonzalez.
- The Seminoles would take a three-run lead in the top of the fifth. Second baseman Matt Henderson hit a sacrifice fly to left field to score right fielder Rhett Aplin.
- Third baseman Dylan Busby then hit his eighth home run on the season. It was a three-run home run to put Florida State up 4-1 in the top of the fifth.
- Sands allowed another run in the bottom of the fifth, as right fielder Michael Burns singled home first baseman Christopher Barr, before getting the hook.
- The relief pitchers were impressive again as left-handed pitcher Alec Byrd came in with two men in scoring position with two outs in the fifth inning. He got out of the jam that inning without allowing a run to score, but did walk one.
- Right-hander Jim Voyles pitched three solid innings allowing one run on two hits and a walk, while striking out three. Voyles struck out three of the first five batters he faced on Friday night. The one run allowed was charged to him on an RBI walk after he had exited the game.
- "Closer" Drew Carlton came in for the four-out save in the eighth inning with two on, two out and a 2-0 count to Barr. He went 1.1 innings, allowing one walk and struck out one. Carlton threw two straight balls to Barr for the walk and then allowed a walk with the bases loaded. The walk to Barr and the run were charged to Voyles.
- The walk put the score at 5-3 after eight innings.
- In the top of the ninth, Busby would deliver again with Henderson on first base. The junior doubled to score Henderson from first and the score at 6-3.
- Busby stayed red hot in the series opener with Miami, as he went 3 for 5 with a home run, a double and four RBI.
- First baseman Drew Mendoza had a multi-hit game, going 2 for 4 with a double and two strikeouts.
- Henderson also kept his nice run going as he went 1 for 2 with an RBI on a sacrifice fly. He has gone 8 for his last 18 at-bats.
On Deck:
- Florida State attempts to clinch the series tomorrow night against Miami. First pitch is at 7:00 P.M.
- The Seminoles trot out southpaw Tyler Holton and the 'Canes will counter with lefty Michael Mediavilla.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un attends the unveiling ceremony of two statues of former leaders Kim Il-Sung and Kim Jong-Il in Pyongyang on April 13, 2012. North Korea's new leader Kim Jong-Un on April 13 led a mass rally for his late father and grandfather following the country's failed rocket launch. AFP PHOTO / Ed Jones (Photo credit should read Ed Jones/AFP/Getty Images) North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un recently ordered the execution of an uncle. (Getty Images)
– Tensions between North and South Korea kicked up a notch after a threatening fax was sent from Pyongyang to Seoul on a special communications line between the two rival capitals.
In it, the North's National Defense Commission warned it could strike “without notice,” reports South Korea's Yonhap News Agency.
The move came as conservative groups and North Korean defectors held rallies against Kim Jong-Un regime.
The protests were timed to coincide with the second anniversary of the death of his father, Kim Jong-Il.
The North Korean military condemned those rallies as an insult to the country's “highest dignity.”
Kim Jong-Il recently ordered the execution of his uncle Jang Song-Thaek in order to consolidate his grip on power.
After the execution, South Korean President Park Geun-Hye ordered military leaders to revise plans to cope with the changing situation on the peninsula.
South Korea responded to the threat by sending its own message to Pyongyang vowing to “sternly react” to any provocation from the North.
— Police have arrested the man they say groped then shoved a woman onto the subway tracks in Manhattan.
Kimani Stephenson, 24, faces attempted murder, assault and sexual abuse charges.
The alleged incident happened as the victim, Bonnie Currie, was standing on the uptown platform of the F and M train station at West 14th Street and Sixth Avenue around 4:20 a.m. Friday.
“Seconds after I had gotten, walked down and gotten off to the F subway platform – and I like hadn't even stopped moving; I was still walking with forward motion because I was going to the underpass – a dude came up from behind me,” Currie told CBS2's Raegan Medgie.
She said the suspect then put his hands on her private parts, and she yelled at him to get away.
“He pushed me as hard as he could push me onto the subway tracks,” Currie said. “Then I screamed for help, and luckily, there were two people that were there in that hour – in that early hour – which was so lucky, and they pulled me off of the tracks.”
She was taken to Northwell Health Lenox Hill Hospital with a leg injury, torn ligament and broken left wrist.
COLM O'Neill has emerged as the biggest threat to Australia's defence after impressing with four goals for Ireland in a practice match against a VFL representative squad on Sunday.
The Irish easily defeated the local team, made up of VFL and amateur players, by 73 points despite taking their foot off the pedal in the last quarter.
O'Neill kicked four of Ireland's nine goals on the way to the victory and looms as a considerable challenge for Australia's defenders and goal-keeper in the one-off Test next Saturday.
The 26-year-old from Cork, who plays for Ballyclough and is on his International Rules debut, has endured a tough time with injury in his career, undergoing a knee reconstruction on both legs.
But he has bounced back strongly and will be part of a confident attacking set up when the teams meet at Patersons Stadium next weekend.
Brisbane Lions midfielder Pearce Hanley – the only AFL-listed player in the Irish squad – impressed in the practice hit-out at Sandringham's Trevor Barker Oval, despite copping a knock to his jaw.
Hanley didn't play in the last quarter but assured AFL.com.au afterwards he was fine after the third quarter run-in with Sandringham's Adam Cockie.
Former Lion Colm Begley also impressed, as did 12-time Ireland representative and International Rules veteran Sean Cavanagh, who gave the visitors good run off half back.
Hacker Daeken of Team reswitched announced last week that Pegaswitch, the exploit tool for the Nintendo Switch, now supports usermode code execution.
Specifically, the Pegaswitch github was updated last week to support usermode execution on 3.0.0: in other words, homebrew on Switch 3.0.0 is now possible for you, the reader.
Currently, everything the reswitched team has released is focused on firmware 3.0.0. People on firmwares below that one will need to update to 3.0.0, which for now is only possible by grabbing a copy of Pokken Tournament DX, and updating from the cartridge.
People on firmware 3.0.1 and above, of course, will have to wait until future exploits are discovered. That might take a while.
For those on firmwares below 3.0.0 though, the current question is whether it's worth buying Pokken DX simply to update to 3.0.0: given how recent the Pegaswitch update is, there is literally no homebrew available for the Nintendo Switch yet. Allegedly, Daeken was able to compile and load Doom (the 1993 game) on the Switch, although running the binary did not render anything. (source). In parallel, Plutoo announced a few weeks ago that he has full kernel access on firmware 3.0.0, and is actively working on the Switch firmware. But there is no word if or when he would release the results of that work.
Which brings the question: how big will the momentum be on Switch 3.0.0 homebrew? And once someone is on 3.0.0, how big is the incentive not to update instead of getting some good Mario Odyssey?
This will vastly depend on which developers (and how many) try to get homebrew up and running on 3.0.0. The folks behind Retroarch have announced they will attempt to support Switch homebrew on 3.0.0, but with the implicit assumption that SDKs and homebrew tools are available. A release of the meta-emulator could definitely bring motivation for more people to onboard the scene.
Personally, as an owner of 1.0.0, I'm strongly wondering if I should get Pokken DX, a game I have no intention to play, just for the sake of upgrading to 3.0.0. Then again, people who wait until “something big” happens for 3.0.0 might have to face the typical “skyrocketing price” effect on Pokken DX, once the game becomes in high demand.
Thanks to Hector A. for the tip!
Save Elephants from Train Accidents in India
by: gopal ram
recipient: GOVERNMENT OF INDIA
This week, a passenger train in eastern India plowed into a herd of elephants. Seven of the animals were killed, including two babies, and at least ten others were seriously injured.
Though the terrified herd ran away at first, they eventually returned to the railway tracks to mourn for hours before forest guards and railroad workers drove them away again.
Railway authorities have repeatedly ignored requests from the forest ministry department to reduce their speeds inside the elephant corridors. As a result, at least 50 elephants have been killed by trains since 2004 in West Bengal state alone. Ironically, Indian Railways' mascot is an elephant calf.
These intelligent, compassionate animals deserve to be protected from suffering these horrible deaths. Tell India's railway authorities to implement safety measures to stop elephants from getting struck by any more trains!
WASHINGTON, D.C. – The coup d'état plan being implemented by New World Order elements within the Deep State in concert with the corporate-controlled mainstream media depends on successfully perpetrating the disinformation “Russian Collusion” big lie as the pretext upon which to impeach President Trump this year.
President Trump's Counter-Intelligence Step #1 is a function of President Trump's power as U.S.A. chief executive to change the subject, forcing the Deep State and the Mainstream Media to focus their time, attention, and message not on the “Russian Collusion” meme, but on a theme of President Trump's choosing.
Never forget, among the massive powers of the presidency under the Constitution, the president in foreign affairs is Commander in Chief, and in domestic affairs the counterpart of Chief Executive Officer.
On Wednesday evening, the FBI Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein has appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel to oversee the “Russian Collusion” meme.
Mueller is a professional, appointed FBI director in 2001 by President George W. Bush, who steered FBI through 9/11, shifting the FBI from a bank-robbing investigative agency to develop counter-terrorism abilities.
At President Obama's request, Mueller stayed on as FBI director for two years after his 10-year term, resigning in 2013,
Mueller is a career prosecutor, a Marine Corp veteran of the Vietnam War, who is widely respected in Washington as a career prosecutor.
Appointing Mueller as Special Counsel takes the “Russian Collusion” drum-beat out of the hands of the Deep State and MSM seeking to impeach Trump, shifting the entire investigation out of the domain of partisan politics into the hum-drum reality of a criminal investigation in which the wheels of justice can be expected to grind exceedingly slowly.
Had President Trump opposed the appointment of a Special Counsel, the Deep State and MSM would have taken the decision as an admission of guilt – an excuse to beat the impeachment drum louder, seeking to bring a House of Representatives impeachment investigation against President Bush to fruition this year.
While Mueller may reach a conclusion this year, there is no time limit placed on his Special Counsel investigation, nor is there any restriction from Mueller examining whether the Democrats, including Hillary Clinton and John Podesta, were the politicians actually colluding with the Russians during the 2016 campaign.
The Deep State and MSM just got bushwhacked by a skillful “change the subject” move engineered by President Trump's White House.
To understand how effective changing the subject can be, consider North Korea, a developing nuclear threat where President Trump has positioned military forces for a potential military strike.
To counter the North Korean nuclear weapons threat, President Trump has dispatched the U.S. Navy aircraft carrier Carl Vinson to stay in waters near the Korean peninsula indefinitely, given North Korea's most recent test of a Hwasong-12 ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear weapon that reached a peak altitude of more than 1,300 miles before landing 489 miles away.
To protect South Korea, President Trump has deployed to South Korea a military defense battery operating the Terminal High Altitude Defense System, known as THAAD.
When cruise missiles are flying toward North Korean military bases and U.S. Special Forces operating to make sure North Korea's nuclear weapons capabilities are destroyed, the American public will not be able to focus on the Democratic Party's efforts to bring impeachment proceedings against President Trump because of suspicions he colluded with Russia to steal the election from Hillary.
It is important President Trump's action is limited to attacking North Korea's nuclear weapons capability, falling short of a land-war invasion of North Korea launched by U.S. troops.
To avoid a “Wag the Dog” syndrome, President Trump must explain to the American people the threat is real and the need for immediate military action was compelling, fully within the president's constitutional authority under Article II of the Constitution.
This week, President Trump departs on his first overseas foreign policy trip as president, with an itinerary that includes Saudi Arabia, Israel, and the Vatican, ending with a planned visit to Brussels, Belgium for a meeting with NATO leaders on May 25, ending in Sicily, Italy, at the G7 meeting on May 26 – a trip with historic significance that will be certain to capture headlines in the United States as well as around the world.
The point of Counter-Intelligence Step #1 is to take action that takes control of the news cycle, forcing the Deep State and Mainstream Media co-conspirators to abandon their “Russian Collusion” meme to cover your news – a foreign policy agenda that comports with President Trump's public policy objective of keeping America safe from foreign threats.
Beginning serious discussions in the Middle East between Israel and the Palestinians, or getting Saudi Arabia to take serious steps to control Wahhabi radicals would be compelling news – as would be the articulation of a new balance of power structure in the Middle East that abandoned military action in Afghanistan in exchange for Russia agreeing to contain Iran.
In 1986, when President Reagan met with Gorbachev in Reykjavik, Iceland, “Star Wars,” America's Strategic Defensive Initiative (SDI) dominated the news cycle, with the MSM forced to cover the summit and its failure to come to an agreement.
Only the presidency is capable of bold foreign policy action and this is a card controlling the news cycle that President Trump needs to learn how to play to his advantage – silencing lying, no-evidence memes aimed at destroying his presidency.
On the domestic side, President Trump has limited ability under the Constitution to force the Congress to pick up the pace needed to deliberate on President Trump's legislative agenda, including replacing Obamacare and passing historic tax cuts.
What President Trump can do is implement various Executive Orders he has already signed that advance the administration's domestic public policy objectives.
So, on March 13, Trump signed an Executive Order mandating a “Comprehensive Plan for Reorganizing the Executive Branch.”
President Trump could have various Cabinet members announce plans making dramatic Reductions in Force (RIFs), downsizing agencies unpopular to Trump's base, like EPA or the Department of Education, to a shadow of their former selves.
Even if signing and/or implementing Trump's various Executive Orders risks new controversies, President Trump will force the Deep State and Mainstream media to shift focus from the “Russian Collusion” meme to attack each new step the administration takes to act by Executive Order.
If the American people see the Executive Orders as increasing domestic security, reducing crime, building new jobs, reducing government expense, or a host of other important domestic policy goals, the executive orders will be popular with Trump voters, even if the establishment elites on both coasts support the Deep State/Mainstream Media agenda.
One final caution is that the public policy decision President Trump makes to change the subject must be calculated to appeal to his voter base.
So, a decision to pull out of the Paris Climate Accord will appeal to Trump's conservative and libertarian base, forcing the Deep State and MSM to rush to support their now-failing “global warming/climate change” ideological agenda after Trump has announced his conclusion the anthropogenic causal argument is backed only by “junk science.”
A decision to stay in the Paris Climate Accord would depress Trump's base, encouraging the Deep State and MSM to believe that Trump was more vulnerable to impeachment than ever, given the almost certain drop in approval ratings that would result.
In the background, the Trump administration can lawyer-up, seeking the advice of top private law firms, to make sure witnesses brought forward by Democratic Members of Congress to advance impeachment efforts are countered in Congressional hearings by facts and evidence that slows the advancement of their lying “Russian collusion” meme.
Countering the Deep State and the MSM by fighting a street-by-street battle in Congressional hearings is a type of hand-to-hand combat that delays the advancement of the “Russian Collusion” meme, rather than trying to make the meme go away by arguing alternative facts as an overall theory of political reality.
In summary, Counter-Intelligence Step #1 demands President Trump continue to take steps using his executive action authority to change the subject to shift the news cycle away from the “Russian Collusion” meme.
I believe that there is great value to a list of qualifications I expect in any noir piece. Anything that I review on this site will have to match at least one of the requirements below. Please remember noir can be found in any media, be it art, literature, film, video-games, or comics, it's there.
1. The Seedy Underworld
The setting of any great noir piece is the filthy underbelly of the polished public. This place is filthy, grimy, bleak, and often deranged. Expect steaming sewer grates, torrential downpours, second-hand-smoke, and nefarious characters. Crime thrives here, and its perveyors are brutally corrupt and extremely adept. Sadly, these roads are lined with condemned buildings labeled ‘hope,' ‘faith,' and ‘charity.'
2. The Anti-Hero
The main character of the noir genre is at best despicable. We are fascinated with his/her moral ambiguity and glaring flaws while hiding our disgust with the same. Dangling from this character's lips is the tell-tale cigarette and the greasy tendril of smoke tickles the street lamp above. Usually this character's life is at stake, and this is almost always due to their own poor choices. We quietly root for him/her and cringe when the baseball bat or crowbar beats their brow bloody.
3. The Femme Fatale
A secret ingredient that adds spice and variety to any noir is the femme fatale. She is sultry, sexy, and manipulative. Her power over the main character is unmistakable and she gently leads him along to meet her own ends. Elegance of speech and brutal double crossings as common as lipstick stains on wine glasses and discarded lingerie. She is deadly, untrustworthy, and 9 times out of 10 the villain.
Each of these three items are hallmarks of the noir genre. I will use these criteria as pegs to hang my reviews on, and as indicators of proximity to the noirWHALE (the ‘big-one' so to speak). As the media I encounter exhibits these traits, I will detail their strengths and weaknesses on this site. I am sure that there are other hallmarks of noir out there, and as I discover them I will add to the list.
UPDATE: April 7, 2011
4. Misogyny
Throughout the genre of noir, there seems to be a fairly steady stream of misogyny. I'm not suggesting that this “dame-hating” is always aware of itself or that it's a conscious decision by the noir creators, but it rears itself very consistently in each piece. Women are the villains, the burdens, and the childish fools that merely tolerated by the hero. Also the women are always “male-defined.” Their behaviors, attitudes, and appearance are constantly pandering to a male audience. I assume that this must be incredibly frustrating for female audiences (it frustrates me and I'm a male). As a result of these male definitions, noir seems to always focus on beautiful women with low sexual standards and no depth of character (other than where it serves plot). Recently I've read that there are some female authors who have reversed the roles in modern noir novels. I hope to read some of them soon so I can report back my findings.
5. Redemption
Another theme that has presented itself in my studies is that of redemption. In noir, the detective always arrives after the tragedy has taken place. He is plunged into a world of chaos, where something whole was just shattered (murder, rape, violence, etc.). His job is completely consumed with trying to redeem the unredeemable. Think Batman. Bruce Wayne is haunted by the murder of his parents. He decides to seek vengeance for the rest of his life by “righting” all the wrongs in Gotham. The only catch is that his task is impossible. He cannot change the fact that his parents are dead, nor can he completely succeed in purifying Gotham. He can' t win. The only measure of success he achieves is through putting as many pieces back together as he can. In this way we (the audience) are lead to believe that something has actually been redeemed. We feel better about the injustice when we know how or why it happened, even though it still occurred. Dean DeFino calls this “illusions of order” and “intellectual control.” He says that “the story redeems that sense of order and control by (fictionally) exposing its logic, its cause-and-effect chain, how one thing leads to another.”
UPDATE: June 21st, 2011
I have always wanted to create a very robust noir definition for noir in all of its forms. Thus far I have previously set forth 5 unique elements that are found in any noir media. They are: The seedy underworld, the ant-hero, the femme fatale, misogyny, and redemption. Recently I have thought of two more that must be added: Loss of Innocence, and Eroticism.
6. Loss of Innocence
This aspect of noir is the one that hits us in the gut. It wrenches our emotions and makes us uncomfortable. Torture, rape, sin, and abuse all fall under this thematic umbrella. Usually, the loss of innocence within any noir piece holds the responsibility of answering the question “why?”, as in: “why is this character this way?” or “why do they do what they do?” This is closely related with the Redemption aspect of noir because usually the loss of innocence is what causes the need for redeeming.
7.Eroticism
One thematic element of noir that has caused the most controversy in the genre is that of eroticism or sexuality. These tend to not be the main stream accepted types of sexual behavior, instead they are the outré and bizarre fetishes that make us cringe. Prostitution, adultery, sadomasochism, and other unmentionables are the mainstay of noir. Most often, lust plays a huge roll in any noir crime fiction as well as lack of self control. Those characters that can control their sexual desires are those that are the most successful, while those who succumb are the victims of their own self destruction. This is closely related with the theme of Misogyny in our noir definition, especially as it pertains to the portayal of the femme fatale.
Well, I hope that we can continue to add to our noir definition in the future! Please email me if you think of any aspect that needs to be addressed! Chad.deLisle[at]gmail.com
Noir Definition UPDATE: August 26th, 2011
8. Racism
One aspect of the noir genre that has recently leapt out at me is the heavy-handed theme of racism. Condescending language, disparaging remarks, and sexual abuse are all hallmarks of Racism. This racism may be a byproduct of the era in which the noir genre was birthed, but it certainly thrives in the contemporary time period as well. Understand that the racism in film noir, noir crime fiction, and noir comics is not only directed at Blacks; others feel the sting as well. I believe this theme rests entirely upon power, control, and illusions of power. The white male desires to remain in control, so he inflicts emasculating and denigrating roles upon white females, blacks, and any other race or people he considers inferior. In this way power threatening groups are robbed of their ability to affront the acceptable order established by he and his cohorts. What do the white females, blacks, and other races do in response? They mimic the abuse inflicted upon them by white males and perpetrate heinous crimes against one another. And thus the only way they can obtain power is by accepting roles and behaviors that are white male defined.
UPDATE: February 16 2012
This last week it was brought to my attention that there was a problem with my noir definition. A frequent visitor to NoirWhale.com pointed out that I had misappropriated the term “blaxploitation.” After some research and review I concurred with his analysis. Blaxploitation actually refers to a process of stereotypical media that was meant to appeal to black, not offend them. I had been using it as a term synonomous with racism, and while it has a racist element, they aren't the same thing.
Thus I append the noir definition; instead of removing the element altogether, I'm renaming it “racism” because that is what I truly meant in the first place. It should be noted that blaxploitation can be found touching several areas of the noir genre, it's just not as frequent a theme as racism. So moving forward, I'll still be pointing out the generally racist nature of much of the genre, I'll just be using the proper term for it. Thanks Justin!
9. Smoke
Anyone who has seen an episode of Mad Men will understand why “smoke” must be added to my noir definition. Curling tendrils of cigarette smoke portend sexual encounters in seedy hotels, cruel seduction, and infidelities. Profanity and profundity crosshatch the hanging smoky-mirk in scene after scene of film noir, noir crime fiction, and noir comics. Smoke caresses the lips of the femme fatale, stings the eyes of the innocent, and tickles the throat of the stooge. It stains the teeth, fingernails, and wallpaper of the anti-hero, yet entombs him like a viking king on a floating pyre. Disgusting in real life? Yes. Amazingly enticing in noir? Yes. I know this seems obvious, but in hindsight “smoke” should have been the first quality that defines the noir genre.
As with my other noir definition updates, I'm sure there are more to come…
Noir Definition UPDATE: January 28th 2012
10. Emasculation
Only recently apparent to me is the frequent theme of emasculation in the noir genre. Emasculation in noir refers to robbing a male of his “manliness” in some degree; either through humiliation or through some means of impotence. Examples: A man can't provide for his family, he's beaten or humiliated by some thugs, he loses his livelihood, he can't land the femme fatale, his health fails, or he literally has his “manhood” taken away (read Sin City: That Yellow Bastard). Often the driving theme of a noir piece is the fear of emasculation, even if it hasn't occurred yet. In Night and The City, Harry Fabian becomes more and more desperate as he becomes more and more emasculated by his failures to succeed.
If you're still failing to grasp what I'm referring to, look at Mad Men for example; Don Draper, Pete Campbell, Roger Sterling, and others each have a certain masculine ideal which they subscribe to. For Pete it's success in the workplace without the aid of others, for Don it's strength and privacy, for Roger it's health and sexual conquest, for others it's something else. Although each man may have a slightly different definition of masculinity, ALL of them fear its loss and panic when it's endangered. Pete's marriage suffers when he fails at work, when Don's secret past rears itself he attempts to flee, and as Roger's health plummets he weeps like a child; each of them are emasculated by their greatest fears. Thus our noir definition is expanded.
Got any ideas for the noir definition? email me: chad.delisle [at] gmail.com
Pakistan's new leaders tell US: We are no longer your killing field
The Bush administration is scrambling to engage with Pakistan's new rulers as power flows from its strong ally, President Pervez Musharraf, to a powerful civilian government buoyed by anti-American sentiment.
Top diplomats John Negroponte and Richard Boucher travelled to a mountain fortress near the Afghan border yesterday as part of a hastily announced visit that has received a tepid reception.
On Tuesday, senior coalition partner Nawaz Sharif gave the visiting Americans a public scolding for using Pakistan as a "killing field" and relying too much on Musharraf.
Yesterday the new prime minister, Yousaf Raza Gilani, said he warned President George Bush in a phone conversation that he would prioritise talking as well as shooting in the battle against Islamist extremism. "He said that a comprehensive approach is required in this regard, specially combining a political approach with development," a statement said.
But Gilani also reassured Bush that Pakistan would "continue to fight against terrorism", it said.
Since 2001 American officials have treasured their close relationship with Musharraf because he offered a "one-stop shop" for cooperation in hunting al-Qaida fugitives hiding in Pakistan.
But since the crushing electoral defeat of Musharraf's party last month, and talk that the new parliament may hobble the president's powers, that equation has changed. Now the US finds itself dealing with politicians it previously spurned.
The body language between Negroponte and Sharif during their meeting on Tuesday spoke volumes: the Pakistani greeted the American with a starched handshake, and sat at a distance .
In blunt remarks afterwards, Sharif said he told Negroponte that Pakistan was no longer a one-man show. "Since 9/11, all decisions were taken by one man," he said. "Now we have a sovereign parliament and everything will be debated in the parliament."
It was "unacceptable that while giving peace to the world we make our own country a killing field," Sharif said, echoing widespread public anger at US-funded military operations in the tribal belt.
"If America wants to see itself clean of terrorism, we also want our villages and towns not to be bombed," he said.
US officials have long paid tribute to the virtues of democracy in Pakistan. But, as happened in the Palestinian Authority after the 2006 Hamas victory, policymakers are racing to catch up with the consequences of a result that challenges American priorities.
The US has long been suspicious of Sharif, whom it views as sympathetic to religious parties. Unlike Benazir Bhutto, whose return from exile was negotiated through the US, Sharif came under the protection of Saudi Arabia. But now Sharif's party, which performed well in the poll, is an integral part of the new government.
Yesterday Negroponte and Boucher travelled to the Khyber Pass in North-West Frontier Province, the centre of a growing insurgency. They met with the commander of the Frontier Corps, a poorly equipped paramilitary force that the US has offered to upgrade. The US has earmarked $750m (£324m) for a five-year development programme in tribal areas. At least 22 military instructors are due to start training the corps this year.
The timing of the American visit - before the new cabinet is announced - has offended Pakistanis. "It flies in the face of normal protocol at a time when public opinion is rife that they are making a last ditch effort to save Musharraf," said Talat Hussain, a prominent journalist.
It is unclear how Pakistan's foreign policy will be formulated in future. Musharraf's power may have been cut but the strong army is lurking in the shadows, and the coalition is wrangling over cabinet posts, including that of foreign minister.
Gilani must manage other tensions, particularly over whether to reinstate Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry, the deposed chief justice who was freed from house arrest on Monday. Chaudhry has become a folk hero but is viewed with suspicion by Gilani's Pakistan People's party.
While the advent of drones might already have the bar falling, those in favour of a ban would look to stop a potential arms race in "killer robots" before it begins. One the other hand, there are plenty of voices against a ban. "Machines are not inherently dangerous", said Francesca Rossi, president of the International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence and a participant in the AAAI panel, who points out the huge difference between super-intelligence and sentience. "We should build [autonomous weapons] by specifying all the relevant context for the desired goal to be achieved by the machine. Otherwise, a goal could be reached by violating some basic assumptions on how we want a machine to behave. Since machines are not sentient, their behaviour depends on how a human built them," Professor Rossi said. The specification of "all" relevant context could prove a troublesome task, however, since as Professor Walsh points out, "many ethical principles that we hold as universal are not", and ethics and decision-making processes across different cultures vary. Many pro-development experts argue automated fighters would be much more principled in applying the laws and guidelines of war; that a ban would be impossible to police and that our enemies will surely develop autonomous weapons even if we do not.
"There's an argument that 'fire and forget' weapon systems already in the field are lethal autonomous weapons", Professor Walsh said. "If a ban is put in place, the diplomats tell me that they'll worry about defining precisely what is a 'lethal autonomous weapon' right before the treaty is signed". Hollywood view of AI Microsoft's Eric Horvitz, who recently predicted humanity would never lose control of AI contradicting Stephen Hawking, told Fairfax Media Hollywood has given many people an inflated idea of how close we are to developing a truly sentient system. "We've made advances on very, very narrow wedges of intelligence, such as building predictive models from data, performing face recognition, and understanding speech", he said.
"Speculative essays, books, and a chain of scary movies have overcharged expectations and fears, and thus, have stimulated concerns about AI. My sense is that we are on a very long, slow research trajectory and that we will have plenty of time to study and reflect about potential opportunities and challenges along the way." Horvitz has conceived of a 100-year effort, currently being undertaken at Stanford University, to study and anticipate how AI development will ripple through human life. Already, he said, the positive benefits of AI development can be seen in healthcare, education, transportation, and science. He expects major scientific breakthroughs will soon be attributed to machine scientists, and hundreds of AI vehicles will make up a "public microtransit network" in CBDs that are closed off to human-driven vehicles. Professor Walsh is also sceptical about Hollywood-style AI systems become reality soon. "If you ask most AI researchers today, they'll say 30 or 40 years. But then they've been saying this for the last 30 or 40 years", he said.
"What's new is that there is now a real scent of success, and people are recognising it could actually be in their lifetime". Further afield Lethal weapons or no, the application of ethics to AI is still vitally important, Professor Walsh said. "If AI systems are given autonomy — and there are good economical, social and other reasons why this is sure to be the case — then they will inevitably have to make life and death decisions," he says. "An autonomous car will have to decide between crashing into the person crossing the road with a pram, surely killing the person and the baby but probably not the occupant of the car, or into a wall, surely killing the occupant of the car. These are not easy decisions to make and require ethics to make well."
While creativity and the ability to think laterally are often cited as reasons AI will never be able to do certain human jobs (for example interior designer, cartoonist, comedian), Professor Walsh disagreed. "There's actually of field of AI looking at how to make computers creative. And there are a number of good examples where you can argue that AI programs have already been creative", he says, citing programs that have painted original artworks and found unexpected proofs to scientific theorems. "We play an interesting dinner time game at our conferences: one person has to name a job, and the other has to provide evidence or an argument why it's only a matter of time before this job could be automated. Doctors: IBM's Watson is already working on that. Reality TV contestants: wouldn't it be far more interesting to have AI systems pretending to be Marilyn Monroe and Albert Einstein in a virtual Big Brother house?" Read also: Artificial intelligence not a threat
AI could spell the end of the human race: Stephen Hawking
Mother says Tara Hudson, who was put in an all-male jail for attacking a bar manager, has been moved
A transgender woman who was being held in an all-male prison has been moved to a women's facility, her mother has said.
Tara Hudson has been transferred from HMP Bristol to Eastwood Park in Gloucestershire, according to Jackie Brooklyn.
The Ministry of Justice (MoJ) refused to confirm the move on Friday night, but released a statement making it clear that it had the discretion to carry out a transfer and would place prisoners in a way that made their welfare the top priority.
Brooklyn said her daughter was “a lot happier” after the move. Describing her relief at her daughter's move, she added that she would sleep well tonight “at long last”.
The transfer came after a judge called for a rethink of where Hudson was made to serve the 12-week sentence she was given for an assault committed late last year.
Hearing an appeal against her sentence on Friday, Recorder Llewellyn Sellick, leading a panel of three judges, ruled that Hudson should remain behind bars, citing the 26-year-old's “worrying criminal record” and the fact she had breached a conditional discharge.
But he added that the judges would “invite further and sensitive consideration” of where the sentence was served.
The MoJ said: “It is longstanding policy to place offenders according to their legally recognised gender. However, our guidelines allow room for discretion and, in such cases, medical experts will review the circumstances in order to protect the emotional wellbeing of the person concerned.
“Our top priority is the safety and welfare of those in our custody and decisions relating to the location of transgender prisoners are taken by a range of people including psychologists, healthcare professionals and prison staff.”
During the appeal hearing at Bristol crown court, Hudson's barrister Nicholas Wragg said his client's sentence was excessive and that she had suffered a torrid time while locked up in the all-male category B prison.
The makeup artist has lived as a woman all her adult life and had six years of gender reconstruction surgery, but is still legally classed as male. Wragg said his client had been separated from the rest of the prison population and “locked in a cell 23 hours a day”.
He told the court: “The clang of a prison door should never be pleasant. It should have a sobering effect on a person. But Ms Hudson has had an awful time – she has found it unrelenting and frightening.
“As she left prison today to come to court – where she was placed in a female cell – she found herself taunted by other inmates shouting: ‘Tara Tara, show us your tits.'”
A visibly startled Hudson sat in the dock in a prison-issue grey tracksuit while her barrister called for her to be freed. The court heard Hudson had seen mental health professionals after suffering with psychotic symptoms since 2009. These had been made worse since going to the all-male jail.
Hudson was jailed by magistrates on Friday after admitting an assault on a bar manager. She confessed to headbutting Christopher Dyer while drunk after being refused service at a Be At One bar in Bath on Boxing Day last year. Dyer needed dental surgery costing £1,500 as a result of the attack, the court heard.
Before her trial last week, Hudson, who has eight previous convictions including battery offences, had initially denied any wrongdoing and claimed self-defence. However, on the day, she changed her plea to guilty.
Hudson's mother, Jackie Brooklyn, told the Guardian on Thursday that the plea change had been an attempt to persuade the court to be more lenient. They had hoped her punishment would see her placed on electronic tag and to be told to undergo an alcohol awareness course.
But magistrates said the assault, which came three weeks after Hudson had been given a conditional discharge, was so serious that only custody was justified.
Brooklyn said she was told her daughter had been transferred to a women's prison.
Hudson's case had sparked a campaign for her to be moved elsewhere, including a Change.org petition that was signed by about 160,000 people.
Cerian Jenkins, of the Bath Gender Equality Network, said she and her fellow activists would be delighted if the reports were true: “While we have never argued that Tara shouldn't face some kind of sentence for her crime, we had hoped that she wouldn't have to be punished twofold – once for what she did, the other for who she is.
“While we were devastated to see Tara sent back to the all-men's prison, we were grateful to the judge for calling on the prison service to reconsider where she serves her sentence. It looks as though it may have had an effect.”
Brooklyn said she was disappointed that her daughter's appeal for lenience had not been successful, but she took heart from the campaign which the case had inspired.
“I'm just hoping that it will make a difference to the transgender population in the future,” she said.
Ben Howlett, the MP for Bath and a member of parliament's women and equalities select committee, said: “This afternoon we have heard from a source that Tara has been taken from court to an all-female prison.
“We will be pressing the Ministry of Justice for a formal line following this and work to ensure there is no repeat of this situation in future.
“We look forward to the outcome of the trans inquiry from the women and equalities select committee to ensure others are spared Tara's ordeal.”
The new 2017 Honda Rebel has gone through some big changes compared to years before including a completely new look.
The entry level motorcycle has received its first full redesign since it debuted thirty years ago. The classic chrome cruiser now resembles a trendy blacked out bobber with fat tires on cast wheels, and it's offered in two versions, both a little bigger than the outgoing Rebel 250.
The Rebel 300 comes with a liquid cooled, 286cc single-piston engine, while the Rebel 500 is now powered by a 471 cu liquid-cooled twin. Both come with six-speed transmissions and are available with anti-lock brakes as well.
Prices will start at around $4,399 for the 300 and $5,999 for the 500, which undercuts the similarly millennial-focused Harley-Davidson Street 500 by $850.
Good Tooling educates: Credo 0.1.0 released
TL;DR Credo is finally out. Get it via Hex and on GitHub.
Last week I wrote a blog post asserting that one of Elixir's strength is tooling which teaches people rather than blame them. Like this:
#Elixir-lang error messages ftw. Politely points out my error and suggests the correct fix #MyElixirStatus pic.twitter.com/2H4VF5Emej — Jonathan Mundy (@JonathanMundy) November 15, 2015
I want to emphasize why teaching is such an important part of Elixir's future. Clark described the point we're at best in his recent post “Elixir is not Ruby”:
Elixir's recent rise from “totally unknown” to “still definitely unknown but mentioned in hushed tones” […]
It's not obvious most of the time, but we are still an extremely young community and as such we are still capable to shape how we interact with each other and what the overarching motives should be. It is easy to be an Alchemist and say “This is so much better than what I used in <my-current-primary-language> …” What we should not resort to is saying “Let's all hope those &%#!? - sorry - I mean code ninjas from the <language-i-don't-like> community stay away from Elixir”.
I felt the urge to think this way once or twice in my short Elixir career. But that is not the path our rainbow-blessing overlords have foreseen for us. They teach us love and understanding in the form of the five hearts.
Admittedly, there's always the option to treat coders with mislead egos and inferior qualification as second grade programmers. But how about we teach them how to write better code instead of just spouting “YOU'RE WRONG”?
Maybe "you are wrong" is enough for talented singers and developers. It is really far from enough for the majority of us. We need guiding. — José Valim (@josevalim) November 2, 2015
This is why I developed Credo, the first teaching code linter for Elixir.
Credo analyses your code and makes suggestions how to improve it. It also explains the issues it finds in plain English, showing examples of good and bad coding practices.
The idea here is to treat the programmer in front of the screen as a human being. Instead of a dogmatic approach, Credo expects to find issues and is aware that not all issues are created equal:
It provides context by putting them into semantic categories (Consistency, Code Readability, Software Design, Refactoring Opportunities, and Warnings).
(Consistency, Code Readability, Software Design, Refactoring Opportunities, and Warnings). and also assigns dynamic priorities to each issue it finds. By default, it only displays the important ones (but you can of course (a) customize the priorities and (b) display all issues if you like).
To make this clear: Credo finds issues in all of my code including Credo itself. And I won't fix all of them just for the sake of some tool telling me “you did good”. But I will use Credo as an intelligent tool to help me make informed decisions, because that is its purpose.
And this is where the explain feature becomes important:
It helps me reason about whether or not I should change my code because it shows me ways in which I might benefit from doing so and also lists reasons why I might want to ignore it.
This announcement got a bit wordy, so let me finish by stating the obvious:
Independent Stout – Independent Brewing Company of Ireland
There is something about winter and Christmas that draws me towards stout. Maybe it's the darkness of the drink with its nice creamy head and the fact it doesn't have to be cold to enjoy, but whatever it is, it's certainly the time of year for it.
With so many good Irish Stouts on the market now, one is spoiled for choice. I love my Guinness like most of the country, but that's when I'm in a pub. When at home I tend to go for Craft Stouts.
Lately I've tried Independent Stout from the Independent Brewing Company of Ireland. This is a Galway run operation and they are producing some great bevvys.
The thing I love about stout is the range of flavours you get from it and Independent Stout is full of that. It's rich and full-bodied with a kind of sweetness to it. Flavours of toffee, coco and vanilla are all washed down with a nice toastyness.
You should be able to pick up a bottle in most good Off Licence's and it will set you back around €3.20 per 500ml bottle
Enjoy, Sláinte,
Patrick
Don't Forget ↓
More for the Sigantium project, this guy is the Necromancer professor. Here's a little snippet from their facebook page: Daznath skirts the lines of many classifications, at the Sigantium academy and in his own allegiances. Daznath is a master of necromancy, particularly the specific forbidden magics of Stygian Necromancy, which draws power from the Stygian orb that is planted deep beneath the western kingdoms, put there long ago by the since slain dragon. Daznath's exceptional magical acumen has placed him in the position of a student teacher, outside of normal student hierarchy, but still furthers his learning and adjustment to interpersonal interactions which he has difficulty with.Daznath is quick to dismiss any foolish musings about his devotion to a dead dragon, or any kind of baseless rumors of ulterior motives or malign intents, all while he shifts about and wrings his claws maniacally.
I was so jazzed when The Mindy Project started airing. I thought it was hilaaaaaaaarious. And it's managed to remain pretty funny, its humor centered around a shock factor not contingent, for once, on vulgarity/crassness (which is fine and can be funny, but is nothing novel), but more on bucking expectations of gender and a female lead who fearlessly and unapologetically says whatever she wants. Obviously, I like this. It's sadly refreshing that there are now a handful of female characters on television shows who don't constantly apologize for their very existence and all the ways (too successful, too fat, too flat-chested, too loud, too mouthy, too insistent on what they want, etc) in which they disappoint men. Also, one of the doctors on the show describes himself as a Bro-BGYN, which still makes me laugh.
So far, I haven't found anyone else who has brought this up, but I am skeptical I'm the only one who noticed and/or was bothered by part of the episode ‘An Officer and a Gynecologist.' Completely feasibly, an 18-year-old woman named Jenny comes to stay with Mindy for a short period when she flees her father's place. Mindy gives Jenny permission to have some friends over, and when she gets home later that evening, she finds Morgan the nurse handcuffed to a bed after he calls to her for help. He says Jenny texted him to come over saying her “reproductive health was in danger.” Mindy watches in horror as he explains, while Jenny smiles blithely.
Jenny then clarifies, “You said independent women need to make some mistakes with men!” Embarrassed smile, apologetic shrug, sits next to Morgan on the bed. “I'm going to lose my virginity to him.”
And then Morgan, who is clearly in distress, says emphatically, “No, no, nope.”
They both ignore him – and his protests – as Mindy explains that Morgan is good for things like dropping off recycling or cleaning out your car, and that he's a real loser to whom she shouldn't ‘lose' her virginity.
Then Morgan says, “You've gotta stop rubbing my leg, it's sooo close.”
Mindy then says she's calling Jenny's dad, and Morgan's grandmother (because…?). The party is disbanded and we assume Morgan is released. Happily, we are not asked to laugh at not only his unwilling restraint and the specter of being raped, but also his actual rape.
I was surprised this hasn't already been addressed. This is a light-hearted comedy, and that's supposed to be funny? I don't see it. Obviously, if you reverse the characters, where Jenny is handcuffed to the bed and Morgan is talking about how he's about to lose his virginity to her, it would be unilaterally and unequivocally condemned. So why was there no real response?
This, apparently, isn't the first time The Mindy Project has made light of the idea of men being raped. I guess I wasn't totally paying attention in the episode when the other Dr. L leaves, because I probably would've been pissed about this, too. Here's a recap of what happened:
In the episode, Mindy challenges Dr. L to a boozy “shot off.” Mindy wins and remains remarkably sober for someone who just downed 14 shots (her secret is that she ate a whole loaf of bread before she went out), but Dr. L gets so wasted that Mindy has to help him to his apartment. Once there, she can't find his keys, so she just lays him down in the hallway. She then kisses him, and he yells “Woah, neighbors!” She puts her hand over his mouth and says “Nothing happened, you liked it,” before leaving him there. Next, we see the character Christina, who is the ex-wife of Mindy's coworker Danny, stop by Dr. L's apartment (where Danny is crashing) to drop off some of Danny's clothes. Dr. L is still in the hallway, but is no longer wearing pants—he took them off when he was trying to find his keys. Christina has a key (somehow?) and so she helps him into the apartment. Before shutting the door, she has a mischievous look in her eye and it's implied that she's going to try to sleep with him. The next morning Dr. L tells Mindy that he was blackout drunk and had sex with Christina, and the rest of the episode revolves around the consequences of this action (such as Dr. L quitting his job). The first problem here is that the show does not acknowledge that someone absolutely cannot consent to sex when they are blackout drunk. – via Bitch Magazine
Oh, men. How funny! When a woman gets black out drunk and someone has sex with her, it's rape. But when it happens to a man, no big deal! He probably would've enjoyed it, had he been conscious, anyway, because he's a dude. Despite the fact that recent studies suggest men are raped almost as frequently as women, the idea that a man can be raped by a woman is still one that's not taken very seriously (it seems men who have been raped disagree with how our culture generally perceives the gravity of their rape). As evidenced by Morgan's reaction in ‘An Officer and a Gynecologist,' we all know that men are ceaseless horndogs so DTF that ultimately their desire for sex will overtake their desire to not be raped, as long as you know how to handle them*. Obviously, this is dangerous, irresponsible, and actively harmful rhetoric for any show to make, let alone one being nationally broadcast on public television and presented as comedy.
I didn't think it was funny. In fact, while it was happening, I was in a mild state of disbelief. Was this really happening, on this show? I guess so, because the show also seems to poke fun at feminists writing about rape. I'm sure if asked, Mindy Kaling will insist that she doesn't think rape is funny and would never condone it, as does most everyone. I'm sure she believes that, too. But as she is the creator, writer, and star of The Mindy Project, it doesn't explain why she would make light of men being raped. Twice.
I wonder if she took a poll of male rape survivors to see how funny, in retrospect, that whole thing was.
*That's not to be confused with the real, involuntary response people can experience while being assaulted. Men and women can experience arousal and even orgasm during a rape; these are physiological responses to stimuli, and nothing more.
Advertisements
More than seven years in the making, AMD on Tuesday unveiled what it believes will be a game-changing technology: a superfast, stacked chip technology called High Bandwidth Memory. Even better, the company crowed: Nvidia is at least a year behind it.
Using stacked RAM chips that communicate through tiny holes, High Bandwidth Memory offers three times the performance of traditional GDDR5 that's used by GPUs today and drastically reduces power consumption too, said AMD Chief Technology Officer Joe Macri, who oversaw HBM's development.
Why this matters: A graphics card's memory bandwidth matters as much to game performance as the graphics processor. An increase in memory bandwidth almost always means more performance, too, when coupled with changes to the GPU.
The Problem
Modern graphics cards drink memory bandwidth like a big-block V8 drinks gas. The problem is the current memory, GDDR5, is rapidly approaching the point of diminishing returns, Macri said. To add more memory bandwidth using GDDR5 would consume too much power to be an effective performance boost.
”Nvidia creates PowerPoints and talks in advance like they are the wonderful leader of everything,” Macri said. “While they're talking, we're working.”
Part of GDDR5's problem is how the chips connect to the GPU. GDDR5 RAM uses contacts at the edges of the individual chips. To add more bandwidth, you add more chips. But those chips must be laid out on a videocard's circuit board alongside each other, which leads to a suburban sprawl-like issue. Besides consuming a lot of space on the printed circuit board, it also means very long wires or traces must be run to reach the GPU. And it's not just the RAM chips—the power plants or voltage regulators to run that suburban sprawl also have to be factored in. Because you're pushing more signals along longer wires, you have to use more power, which means larger voltage regulators.
PCWorld This is the RAM layout of AMD's GDDR5-based Radeon R9 290X and illustrates how much space is used and how far the wires must travel to reach the GPU in the middle.
HBM addresses the limitations of GDDR5 by going vertical like a high-rise. By stacking four memory chips, AMD can get the RAM closer to the GPU, which shortens the wire length drastically. Unlike GDDR5, HBM RAM uses a technique called through-silicon vias or TSVs, that string wires vertically through holes in a stack of chips. Each layer also connects to the next directly using tiny bump contacts.
Because the layers interconnect and the wires don't have to go as far to reach the GPU, it's possible to make the bus far wider without incurring the power consumption of GDDR.
PCWorld HBM lets AMD reduce power and increase speed by physically moving the chips much closer than a traditiional GDDR5-based graphics card.
The dividends, Macri said, are radical. A GDDR5 chip, today, for example will support a 32-bit-wide memory bus with up to 7GBps of bandwidth. A single stack of HBM RAM supports a 1,024-bit-wide bus and more than 125GBps of memory bandwidth. That HBM chip also runs at a far lower clock speed while achieving a magnitude more memory bandwidth.
Because power efficiency is very important, AMD says an HBM stack will hit 35GBps of memory bandwidth per watt consumed, vs. GDDR5's 10.5GBps. Power efficiency isn't just about mobile applications, either. By using less power to drive the memory, and thus creating less heat, you can take the savings and, say, increase the clocks of the GPU core.
PCWorld A conventional GDDR5 RAM chip connects through its edges while HBM will use tiny holes through the chips themselves to communicate.
There are several different ways to stack the chips. AMD's approach to HBM is to use a “2.5D” technique using a passive interposer layer. This approach is different than a design method called “3D,” where the RAM chips are piled up on the GPU itself. Macri said people should not be be dissuaded that this isn't in three dimensions.
“It is a true 3D design method,” he said. “We're not just designing in X and Y any more, we're designing in X, Y and Z.”
PCWorld AMD's HBM implementation is called 2.5D and uses a passive interposer layer as the foundation.
Macri didn't mince any words when speaking of his chief competitor. Nvidia flouted a chip-stacking technique on its upcoming—but now delayed—Volta GPU as early as 2013. With Volta now delayed, Nvidia's first GPU with stacked memory likely won't appear until 2016, when its Pascal GPU ships with a similar 2.5D stacking technique.
“Nvidia creates PowerPoints and talks in advance like they are the wonderful leader of everything,” Macri said derisively. “While they're talking, we're working.”
Macri said AMD has been the primary driver of HBM memory in the industry.
“We do internal development with partners, we then take that development to open standards bodies and we open it up to the world,” he said. “This is how Nvidia got GDDR3 and how they got GDDR5. This is what AMD does. We truly believe building islands is not as good as building continents.”
Macri is probably in a position to know: Besides being AMD's Chief Technology Officer, Macri has long been a chairman at JEDEC, the group that blesses memory standards for the industry. AMD did indeed beat Nvidia in introducing graphics cards with GDDR3 and GDDR5, but that always brings concerns over yields with new technology.
Macri said HBM is new, but that doesn't mean people should assume yield issues. Macri wouldn't elaborate on yield from its chief partner in the project, Hynix, but said AMD wouldn't adopt it for a consumer part if it didn't think it could get enough HBM RAM to make GPUs.
HBM vs. Hybrid Memory Cube: Fight? Not.
HBM's performance-to-power ratio is so good and appealing, Macri said he expects the new memory to be adopted in other areas besides big GPUs. We can expect HBM to appear on CPUs with integrated graphics chips, as well as servers and workstations. That would appear to put HBM on a collision course with a similar memory technology Intel and Micron are working on called Hybrid Memory Cube, or HMC. HMC is an advanced stacked memory design, but unlike AMD, Intel and Micron are trying to adopt it without the slow rule-by-committee of JEDEC.
Macri said the problem Intel and Micron are trying to solve with HMC is one that affects supercomputers and isn't likely to be at odds with HBM, as the former is a more expensive technology for a different application. Intel officials would seem to agree.
“As a strong supporter of industry standards, Intel is a partner in the High Bandwidth Memory (HBM) development within JEDEC and is exploring the usage of HBM in Intel platforms,” an Intel spokesman said in a statement to PCWorld. “While Intel is not a member of the Hybrid Memory Cube Consortium (HMCC), we did collaborate with Micron Technology on a custom derivative of HMC optimized for Intel Xeon Phi “Knights Landing” processor.”
In other words, those expecting to see HBM and HMC re-litigate the brutal Rambus vs. DDR wars of the 1990s will be disappointed. Intel is down with HBM too.
Chiphell.com Chiphell.com claims this alleged leaked image could be the liquid-cooled version of AMD's Radeon 390X card. With HBM memory and the space savings, it could very well be.
First HBM cards limited to 4GB?
Although Macri did not discuss any particulars of AMD GPUs with HBM, the Internet has been rampant with leaks and rumors about a card believed to be named the Radeon R9 390X using HBM. Many believe the 390X will put AMD back in contention with Nvidia, which has held the performance crown for some time. AMD's only answer to Nvidia's GeForce 9-series cards has been to continue to cut prices for its top-end Radeon cards.
Even worse, those Radeon cards have long had a reputation for running hot and consuming more power than Nvidia's products. If AMD is to be believed, HBM will certainly help with power and thermal issues, but one perceived weakness Nvidia is likely to try to exploit is the amount of RAM.
Macri didn't specifically say that the company's first HBM card would be limited to 4GB of RAM, but with most of AMD's illustrations, including one used here, showing four stacks each with 1GB, it isn't hard to do the math. With Nvidia pushing 12GB in its GeForce Titan X, it's easy to see total memory used as a marketing lever to work consumer buying emotions.
“This might be a marketing problem,” he said, “but the end user values performance, values form factor and values power consumption.”
Macri also said 4GB is an “enormous” amount of RAM and there are other ways to approach it than just ladling on more and more memory.
Highly customized GPUs from vendors will have fewer options with HBM memory.
Custom GPU designs might be a little less custom
One last concern Macri addressed was concern over highly customized video cards. Typically when a new graphics core is introduced, AMD and Nvidia make reference designs available to board partners. These are essentially the completed boards with RAM, GPU, coolers and voltage components ready to go. But the more advanced vendors will set their engineers to work creating customized board layouts with beefier components and cooling to appeal to the gamer and overclocking crowd.
Because HBM will use memory integrated directly onto the interposer and be sold as a single package, board partners could potentially be limited in how hard they can differentiate their cards from others.
Macri said that HBM won't impact them too much.
“The degrees of freedom are still there,” he said. “But (board partners) will be turning the knobs a little differently.” He also said even though board partners have the capability to buy RAM from different vendors for custom designs, they typically don't.
Many years ago, I joined AARP. Even though I had opted out of receiving special offers from their partners, a virtual rainforest flooded my mailbox, with offers for everything from Depends on senior vacation retreats. I am on the “do not call list”. Nevertheless I was harassed half to insanity with telephone solicitors that said they have can call me, because they had a “business relationship” with me as “AARP partners”. I complained long and loud to AARP, but they were insensitive to my needs. It seemed apparent to me that AARP was far more interested in marketing to me than representing or informing me. AARP betrayed me by supporting the Bush Part D plan without demanding that US made drugs, imported from Canada, be allowed. I tore up my membership card and mailed them the pieces. Now they have betrayed senior citizens again.
AARP, the powerful lobby for older Americans that has been seen as one of the leading opponents of Social Security benefit cuts, said on Friday that it was open to modest reductions in benefits for future recipients. The group's stance, which generated quick reaction from all sides because of its powerful voice on the issue, could provide added ammunition to fiscal conservatives who have sought unsuccessfully to restructure Social Security and chip away at the benefits it promises older Americans. “Our goal is to limit any changes in benefits,” John Rother, AARP's policy chief, said in a telephone interview, “but we also want to see the system made solvent.” Mr. Rother said the group's stance on possible cuts, which was first reported in The Wall Street Journal in Friday's editions, should be seen less than a major change in position than as a reflection of the political and financial realities facing the Social Security system and the country as a whole. “You have to look at all the tradeoffs,” Mr. Rother said, “and what we're trying to do is engage the American public in that debate.” He made clear that the group's willingness to discuss cuts comes with conditions: Reductions in benefits should be “minimal,” they should not affect current recipients and instead should be directed “far off in the future,” and they should be offset by increases in tax-generated revenue. Nonetheless, the group's openness to the possibility of unspecified cuts was seen as a significant development by people on all sides of the Social Security question because of AARP's influence on federal policies affecting older Americans, including Medicare, prescription drugs and many more… [emphasis added]
Inserted from <NY Times>
I could understand AARP's position, if there were actually a need, to cut benefits. There is not. The only need in play here is the Republican need to privatize Social Security, so their bankster buddies can do for our retirement what they did for our homes' value.
Ben Olsen and United will open the season March 4 against Sporting Kansas City at RFK Stadium. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
D.C. United left behind the warmth of Florida for windy Washington, a preseason pause that afforded a brief break from workouts and an opportunity for Coach Ben Olsen to evaluate the roster.
With less than three weeks until the opener against Sporting Kansas City at RFK Stadium, contracts are in dwindling supply and the push for starting positions is growing fierce.
“There's a spot or two we can fill, but for the most part, this is our group,” Olsen said Monday. “I've got no [roster] decisions to make right now.”
The most recent decisions: Offer a contract to former Montreal left back Maxim Tissot and release goalkeepers Charlie Horton and Matt Sanchez (Loyola, Md.), defenders Suli Dainkeh (South Lakes High School, University of Maryland) and Jo Vetle Rimstad (Radford), and midfielder Kyle Porter.
United does have some cash and roster space in reserve for likely use in the summer transfer window.
A few new trialists might join the delegation for the second phase of training camp starting late this week in Clearwater, Fla., but with the core of the squad returning from last year's playoff team and a few impactful additions, Olsen has been able to concentrate on assembling the starting lineup and identifying the most effective combinations.
Will Bobby Boswell or Sean Franklin partner with Steve Birnbaum in central defense? Does Franklin or Nick DeLeon start at right back? Is rookie midfielder Ian Harkes ready to start? What to do with incoming forward Jose Guillermo Ortiz?
“It's a bit of a puzzle,” Olsen said. “It's figuring out who works with whom. The focus right now is mixing up as many combinations as possible with the understanding everyone is going to play with each other throughout the year and contribute.”
The most intrigue falls on the back line. Birnbaum and left back Taylor Kemp are locked into starting jobs. Olsen has tested Franklin, a natural right back, in the middle and continued gauging DeLeon, a natural attacker, on the right corner.
Asked whether DeLeon is a defender or midfielder this year, Olsen said: “Right now, he is a right back. I see him growing in that position over the course of the year. Could be Sean, could be Nick. It's certainly one of those two. I really like both as options. It's rare to have depth at that spot.”
Franklin has a better understanding of the position and is more defensively sound. DeLeon is five years younger and offers greater ability to join the attack from a deep, wide position.
DeLeon did not play on the back line regularly until late last season, when Franklin was recovering from injury.
Even if DeLeon wins the battle, Franklin remains a contender to start in central defense. As at right back, Olsen sees two players with different qualities. Boswell, who turns 34 next month, has started 350 regular season games in his 12-year MLS career — invaluable experience at a critical position. Franklin, a starter at outside back since his second season in 2009, provides greater pace.
“They are both experienced defenders in this league,” Olsen said.
The other spot to watch: the central midfield job in tandem with playmaker Luciano Acosta. Jared Jeffrey is the incumbent, but Harkes, college soccer's Hermann Trophy winner last season, has made an early impression.
“He's a super-talented kid,” Olsen said, “and each day he seems more comfortable with the pace of the game and the relationship” with other midfielders.
Upon signing Harkes to a homegrown contract last month, United needed to determine whether he was best-suited for an advanced role alongside Acosta or as an understudy to veteran Marcelo Sarvas in defensive midfield. Olsen said it has become clear Harkes is best further up the field, where he's more engaged in the attack.
Olsen plans to retain the 4-1-4-1 formation that yielded late-season success last year: four defenders, a defensive midfielder, two central midfielders flanked by two wings and a lone striker.
Patrick Nyarko and Lloyd Sam are the returning starters on the flanks, and Patrick Mullins is the incumbent at striker. But Ortiz, 2016 leading scorer Lamar Neagle and free agent signing Sebastien Le Toux are adept up front or out wide.
“The players sense there is a real competition for playing time, and it's bringing out the best in the right way,” Olsen said. “There's still an understanding that we are a group and whoever ends up in the starting lineup, everyone will and needs to contribute for us to have success. That spirit is there right now.”
United will continue the preseason schedule with friendlies in St. Petersburg, Fla., against Montreal on Saturday, second-division St. Louis FC on Feb. 22 and Philadelphia on Feb. 25.
Line 2.0.0 murdered, Is the only definite discovery yet
Line 2.0.1 made In connection with the affair, and
Line 2.0.2 though the detectives have patiently and
Line 2.0.3 diligently Investigated an embarrassingly
Line 2.0.4 large number of stories, they have made
Line 2.0.5 no practical advance yet towards either iden
Line 2.0.6 tifying the woman or discovering those who
Line 2.0.7 are responsible for her death.
Line 2.0.8 From the outside public suggestions as to
Line 2.0.9 the possible identity of the victim are still
Line 2.0.10 flowing In. The police authorities listen
Line 2.0.11 very attentively to all these stories, and
Line 2.0.12 though the large majority are al
Line 2.0.13 most obviously worthless as clues,
Line 2.0.14 they run them all down to the
Line 2.0.15 bed rock In the hope of getting hold of a
Line 2.0.16 thread that may lead to a clearer view. A
Line 2.0.17 former resident of Bairnsdale, after exa
Line 2.0.18 mining the head at I lie morgue, expressed
Line 2.0.19 the opinion that it resembled that of a young
Line 2.0.20 woman who once lived in that town. In
Line 2.0.21 quiries are being made with regard to her
Line 2.0.22 and other young women as well, but not
Line 2.0.23 much importance is attached by the detec
Line 2.0.24 tives to the information of which they are
Line 2.0.25 at present possessed. Fragments of an en
Line 2.0.26 velope found on the bank of the Yarra near
Line 2.0.27 Willams-road have been handed to Detec
Line 2.0.28 tive Bear. The writing gives two names,
Line 2.0.29 and an address as Calvino or Calino Station.
Line 2.0.30 The police desire publication of this fact for
Line 2.0.31 what it may be worth, as the finder of the
Line 2.0.32 fragments suggested the possibility of their
Line 2.0.33 having been torn from the trunk, and of the ,
Line 2.0.34 trunk having at some time belonged to a
Line 2.0.35
WASHINGTON, May 21 (Reuters) - The United States and Cuba resume talks on Thursday aiming to overcome obstacles to opening embassies in each other's capitals and re-establishing diplomatic ties, the crucial next step in their historic detente.
Both sides have reported progress in closing in on a deal, part of an agreement clinched between U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro in December. Once diplomatic relations are restored, the long-time adversaries will work on the more complicated task of normalizing overall relations.
But Washington wants assurances that its diplomats will have more freedom of movement, while Castro this week reiterated Cuban concerns that dissidents are receiving "illegal" training at the U.S. Interests Section in Havana.
U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Roberta Jacobson assured lawmakers in testimony on Wednesday that Washington would not agree to the opening of an embassy in Havana without its diplomats being able to travel outside the capital.
The two countries have interests sections rather than embassies in each other's capitals. Currently, U.S. and Cuban diplomats cannot leave the capitals.
Jacobson, the lead U.S. negotiator with Cuba, said Washington also wanted assurances that Cubans would be able to visit the U.S. embassy without being harassed by police and that there would be in an increase in U.S. embassy personnel.
She acknowledged, however, that any the embassy would likely operate under restrictions similar to those in other countries run by authoritarian governments. China and Vietnam could serve as models for new rules governing U.S. diplomats movements in Cuba.
One of the most contentious issues between the former Cold War adversaries is Washington's so-called pro-democracy programs for Cuba, which Castro argues are "illegal" and in breach of international treaties on diplomatic missions.
The U.S. Interests Section in Havana offers Cubans free courses on journalism, English and information technology, and also allows Cubans to use the Internet.
In November 2012, the Cuban Foreign Ministry issued a statement accusing the U.S. Interests Section in Havana of "serving as headquarters of political subversion" against Cuba by creating an opposition movement and fomenting instability.
The talks are the first since Obama announced on April 14 that he had decided to remove Cuba from the U.S. list of state sponsors of terrorism, which Havana had said was a necessary step for further progress.
It's the last day of the year, and everywhere you look are various “Top 10 lists”, “2013 Best Posts”, etc…
Despite the title, this post is not such a list… I thought I would re-post some links to just a few things that I have read recently that I found interesting. It is more coincidence that I'm posting this on the last day of the year, and this is far from a comprehensive list of valuable things I've read this year (that list would be too long to recall).
In no particular order of importance, here are a few things that I think are valuable that I've read recently…
First off, I've been spending a considerable amount of time ruminating on the case studies from Charlie479. He is a brilliant thinker and investor, and I strongly recommend reading his writeups and comments on Value Investors Club. They are short and succinct, but informative and thought provoking.
I recommend reading through his writings and comments and performing some case studies on the various investments. Why did they work? Why didn't they work? Reverse engineer his thought process. Many of his original ideas resulted in huge multi-bagger returns. Joel Greenblatt calls his NVR writeup one of the best he'd ever seen and still uses them in his Columbia classes.
And one last link that ties Charlie479 to another Charlie–Mr. Munger. This Charlie Munger writeup on Coke is what Charlie479 calls the greatest stock writeup that he (Charlie479) ever read. Notice how this Munger analysis of Coke contains many instances of “inverted” thinking. Little to no mention of EBITDA, next year's earnings, common valuation ratios, and other things found in your standard Wall Street analyst writeup. I strongly recommend this one:
One of the best lectures I saw this year was from Mohnish Pabrai, who gave an outstanding talk at Columbia on his magnificent performance thus far in his career. Here are a few links related to that lecture:
Here is a link to a post I did contain the link to a presentation/case study that I really enjoyed by David Rolfe of Wedgewood Partners. The post contains the link to his presentation and my own commentary on the fascinating story of GEICO, Graham, and Buffett:
Here are some other miscellaneous links of some things I've recently read:
As I mentioned, this is just a snapshot of a few links that have come to my attention just recently. It is not the best of 2013, nor a comprehensive ranking list, but it should provide you with some good reading/watching for your New Year's Day if you get bored of watching the various Bowl Games.
Happy New Year!
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 13, 2017, 12:54 AM GMT / Updated Jan. 13, 2017, 12:54 AM GMT By Daniella Silva
For the first time in the history of the continental United States, a species of bumble bee that was once a common sight across much of the nation has been declared an endangered species.
The rusty patched bumble bee was abundant across 28 states from Connecticut to South Dakota and up into Canada just 20 years ago, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service said, but is now "balancing precariously on the brink of extinction."
This 2012 photo provided by The Xerces Society shows a rusty patched bumblebee in Minnesota. Sarina Jepsen / The Xerces Society via AP
The bee's population has "plummeted by 87 percent" after a dramatic decline starting in the late 1990s, the FWS said in a statement announcing that the bee would now be protected under the Endangered Species Act.
The rusty patched bumble bee has recently only been spotted in small, scattered populations in 13 states, according to the FWS.
The agency declared the bumble bee species endangered on Tuesday, following a petition and lawsuit from advocacy groups.
"Bees are dying and we need to do something to save them," Rebecca Riley, senior attorney with the Natural Resources Defense Council told NBC News Thursday. The NRDC partnered with wildlife protection non-profit the Xerces Society to petition the FWS to declare the species endangered.
The rusty patched bumble bee is the first of its kind to be declared endangered in the continental United States, Riley said, noting the development was "incredibly significant."
Related: U.S. Adds Bees to Endangered Species List for First Time
"This bumble bee is just one of many bees that are in trouble and listing the rusty patched bumble bee is a really good first step toward taking action to save bees — and it's going to take an all hands-on deck approach," Riley said.
The bees population has drastically diminished over the decades due to habitat loss, use of pesticides, disease and climate change, according to the FWS.
The "endangered" designation is reserved for species that are in danger of becoming extinct throughout all or a portion of their habitat range, according to the FWS.
This past October, seven types of bees once found in abundance in Hawaii became the first bees in the nation to be added to the endangered species list.
FWS Midwest Regional Director Tom Melius said in a statement that the bumble bee, and pollinators like it, play a vital role in the lives of human beings.
Related: Monarch Butterflies Face Danger of 'Quasi-Extinction'
"Pollinators are small but mighty parts of the natural mechanism that sustains us and our world,” he said. “Without them, our forests, parks, meadows and shrublands, and the abundant, vibrant life they support, cannot survive, and our crops require laborious, costly pollination by hand.”
Riley echoed that sentiment, saying a decline of bees could lead to a reduction in the amount of food humans are able to produce.
“That is food security issue,” she said.
Riley said that the NRDC's hope was that the endangered declaration would force the U.S. to “start taking stronger action to do what's necessary to recover these bees.”
“That's what the goal is, to bring this species back to healthy level,” she said.
Those steps included studying and lowering pesticide use and planting new habitats for the bees to thrive in, she said.
“The good news is that the actions that will help the rusty patched bumble bee and the bees in Hawaii are the same actions that will help all bees,” she said.
Jank Bot
Hello everyoneI've had someone constantly requesting Jank bot league to continue. And I promised I will do it but under one condition.If there's minimum 50 players that will join this league it will happen. If we reach this goal I'll try and make sure that time of tournament is appropriate for all players around the world.1 player entering = 1 boosterpack to the prize pool. So depending on how many people enter that's how many boosterpacks will be in. The prize cut off will depend on how many people enter (ie. 50 people - Top 8, 100 people - top 16 and so on).**UPDATE**Format: ImmortalRules for deck making is gonna be very simple.Max 4 Jank bots.(you don't have to have any Jank bot cards in)Max 4 common and uncommon cards.Minimum 150 cards.Max 1 of each Rare or Legendary.Whoever ends up breaking these rules will be disqualified and they will forfeit from any reward to the next player in line as well as not being able to participate in next event that I make.- League will not have coverage on stream. (unless someone pokes me directly via PMs so that we can set that up)- League will be up to 7 days long. (Means you will have to do your match in 24hours)- If you don't do your game within 24 hours both players are disqualified (I'm not gonna wait for someone to finish their game and drag on the tournament)- After your games are done update the challonge page, reporting the game results to me is pointless unless you want me to stream your game.- If there are any issues, or if you enter your results are wrong drop me a pm :). challonge.com/tournaments/signup/vEmoRasO8I to sign up - you have until 18th Sunday to do that.I'm sorry this is being so complicated... but this tournament is not happening if there's no where near close 50 players this tournament is canceled.
Thousands of people who divorced before April 2016 but will retire after that date face a drastic cut in income because of new state pension rules.
Experts warn spouses with no earnings, the vast majority of whom will be women, who previously qualified for the full state pension based on their partner's record, now face a “major” cut.
The new “single tier” state pension replaced the old two-tier system of basic and additional state pension in April 2016. From that date your entitlement to the state pension will be based solely on your own National Insurance (NI) record.
Under the old system you could claim based on a husband, wife or civil partner's record for the period you were married.
If a couple divorced, a non-earning spouse could receive a full state pension if their former spouse had a full NI record and there was no impact on the pension of the former spouse.
But this is no longer the case.
Are you watching the Goodwood Festival of Speed right now? If not, you're missing out on some of the greatest vintage racing around, plus a selection of the most expensive supercars as they hustle around the track and sprint up the famous hill. Goodwood is a huge celebration of expensive cars, cutting-edge performance, and historic racers. It's also a chance for manufacturers to show off their latest flagship vehicles and most hyped prototypes. This year Nissan has something extra special for the event, debuting an electric vehicle that the manufacturer thinks can run with the best performance EVs. Nissan gives us another look at its BladeGlider concept at the UK's best racing festival.
Nissan announced its plan for Goodwood today, where everyone will get to see the BladeGlider fully-electric sports car concept in action this weekend. The BladeGlider will brave the famous hill climb during the first couple of days of the event, and it will be on display at the Nissan booth in between races.
Your (RED) winners have been selected! Read on for all the details. A huge congratulation to everyone—we're so excited and can't wait to live vicariously through you.
Rob C. from Burlington, VT will ride bikes and get ice cream in Central Park with Bono!
Jonas B. from Montreal, Canada will voice an evil overlord that gets killed off in Rick and Morty!
Wanda G. and her husband Wiggle from Macon, GA will lay back in Colorado for some legal relaxation with Snoop Dogg.
Jackson W. from Queensland, Australia will have his very own custom portrait painted by James Franco!
Suzanne S. from Coral Gables, FL is making her radio debut with Ryan Seacrest on American Top 40!
Jeannette H. from Edgewater, FL will get a lesson in cured meats from salumi master Mario Batali!
Jocelyn B. from Milpitas, CA got her one desire of making a Dubsmash video with the Backstreet Boys.
Kevin B. from Syracuse, NY is getting some time out with Tom Brady— talking football, getting QB tips and working on his spiral.
Barbara S. from Western Springs, IL is doing a photo shoot with Shaq to use for her next holiday card!
Chris T. from Texarkana, TX is getting a little dose of Hollywood royalty, meeting Meryl Streep on the red carpet of her latest premiere!
Alexis I. from New Rochelle, NY will pose on the red carpet with Penelope Cruz at the premiere of Zoolander 2!
Andrew C. from Dallas, TX will join Matthew McConaughey in VIP seats to cheer on the Longhorns at a UT game. Hook 'em!
Christine J. from Clemson, SC is getting the ultimate NASCAR experience with Kyle Larson.
Christine B. from Atlanta, GA will get a makeover with Kim Kardashian and her glam squad!
Carolyn C. from Lawton, OK is meeting up with Jimmy Kimmel so he can give her kid “the talk.”
Kassandra B. from Hawaii will hang with Matt Damon in the green room of Jimmy Kimmel Live!
Michael M. from Mesa, AZ will be getting 45 seconds of nonstop compliments from George Clooney!
Shari C. from Laguna Niguel, CA won the Ultimate Game of Thrones experience.
Patrick from Holyoke, MA won the chance to go backstage for a meet and greet at The Weeknd's final tour show in Miami!
Jack H. from San Diego, CA will get to assist Steph Curry for his pre-game tunnel shot!
Kerry called passage of the finance bill a victory for Massachusetts. “Our workers and our businesses took it on the chin when Wall Street melted down,'' Kerry said. “These reforms will fix what's most broken, and Chairman Frank, Senator Brown, and I also worked collegially to ensure that Massachusetts' financial firms, which did no harm, will continue to create jobs and engage in legitimate enterprise.''
He did so by working closely with the Massachusetts delegation and leaning on some of its most liberal members, including Frank and Kerry.
Brown came to Washington in February amid predictions by some that he would be the crucial 41st senator to join the Republican effort to stop the Democrats' health care agenda via filibuster, in which 60 votes are required to halt debate. On the financial regulation bill, Brown did the opposite — providing the 60th vote that Democrats were seeking to advance one of their major initiatives.
But other Republicans expressed dismay at the bill's passage. Senator Judd Gregg of New Hampshire, called the creation of a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau “a massive expansion of the federal government'' and said the bill “will do considerable damage to our competitiveness as a nation, not to mention harming job growth and our economic recovery.''
“I'm satisfied that all of our efforts — Senator Kerry and my efforts — will benefit and protect jobs in Massachusetts,'' Brown said yesterday.
In the hours before the final vote, much of the focus yesterday was on Brown's role in enabling the legislation to go forward. A day earlier, Brown had opposed such efforts. His change followed a day of negotiations during which he interrupted Representative Barney Frank in the House members' gym and discussed the bill with Senator John F. Kerry during a 40-mile bike ride.
“The recession we're emerging from was primarily caused by a lack of responsibility and accountability from Wall Street to Washington,'' Obama said yesterday in the Rose Garden, when it became clear final passage was imminent. “That's why I made passage of Wall Street reform one of my top priorities as president, so that a crisis like this does not happen again.''
The measure, which needs to be reconciled with a House version, provided Democrats with another razor-thin but significant victory on the heels of the recent passage of the health care overhaul. President Obama, who proposed his version of the legislation in June 2009, hailed the passage as a milestone.
Brown, the Massachusetts Republican, played a key role in its passage after he received assurances that the legislation would be altered to help a number of Bay State-based financial institutions. He joined two other Republicans and 57 Democrats to vote to shut off debate yesterday, paving the way for a final vote on the bill. The legislation later passed by a 59-to-39 tally, with Brown supporting it.
WASHINGTON — With a crucial last-minute boost from Senator Scott Brown, the Senate approved sweeping legislation last night that would restructure the nation's financial industry, adding new safeguards and consumer protections in an effort to prevent another economic catastrophe.
Brown's vote yesterday on the procedural measure to stop debate and move toward a final roll call was crucial. Two other Republicans — Senators Susan M. Collins and Olympia J. Snowe, both of Maine — joined the Democrats in voting to shut off debate. Two Democrats — Maria Cantwell of Washington and Russ Feingold of Wisconsin — joined Republicans in trying to block a final vote.
The financial overhaul legislation is designed to crack down on some of the risky practices that contributed to the meltdown of 2008. It would create a consumer protection bureau that seeks to help people avoid trouble with mortgages and credit cards they cannot afford. It would also establish a council that would be charged with monitoring the system for potential problems.
Brown has been withholding support for the bill until he was assured that some of the insurance and mutual fund companies in Massachusetts would not fall under the so-called Volcker rule, named after former Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker, which could restrict the investment options of large institutions, including preventing them from owning private equity funds. Brown also wanted to ensure that the legislation would not affect financial institutions that hold trust banks, allowing them to continue sponsoring investment funds as part of their asset management business.
Brown argued that those restrictions should be designed to curtail the risky bets placed by big Wall Street firms, not the more traditional practices of the Massachusetts-based companies.
Those concerns were aired during a lobbying effort by major firms in Massachusetts such as Fidelity, Putnam Investments, State Street Corp. , Liberty Mutual, and MassMutual. The institutions feared they would be included in regulations that would crack down on lending and investment practices. The firms were generally pleased with the House version of the bill, which Frank drafted, but had concerns with the Senate bill.
“Our concern has been that some proposal would have unintended consequences and restrict well-run entities in Massachusetts,'' said Vin Loporchio, a spokesman for Fidelity. “We are hopeful that the final legislation will avoid a one-size-fits-all approach to regulation.''
Brown and his aides had been working on the concerns for several weeks, but activity intensified over the past several days as the bill headed toward a vote.
Brown had initially told the Democratic leadership he would vote with Democrats to cut off debate, but then backed out late Wednesday afternoon when the changes he demanded to protect Massachusetts companies were not made. As a result, Senate majority leader Harry Reid accused Brown, though not by name, of breaking his word.
Brown called Frank on Wednesday night about the measure. Frank, working out on an elliptical machine in the House members' gym, initially didn't answer his phone. The two Massachusetts lawmakers — one a gruff, liberal Democrat who invites scorn from conservatives; the other a truck-driving Republican who won a surprising election with support from Tea Party movement conservatives — spoke several minutes later.
Frank assured Brown that he would protect the Massachusetts businesses in the final legislation. Frank — chairman of the House Committee on Financial Services and the top negotiator in reconciling differences between the House and Senate — then wrote to other key players. “All of these measures are important to our state and none of them threaten or weaken the broad objectives of comprehensive reform that guided our work, and I will insist that they be maintained in the final bill,'' Frank wrote.
Then, at 6 a.m. yesterday, Brown met Kerry at his home in Georgetown, and the two senators went on a 40-mile bike ride, literally wheeling and dealing, to Great Falls, Md., and back. Kerry had been asked by Reid to try to win over Brown.
Brown's campaign was well funded by financial interests. In the final days before the January special election, he received $450,000 from donors who work at financial companies, the Globe reported in February. Brown's spokeswoman, Gail Gitcho, did not dispute the figure, but said Brown raised $15 million, with an average donation of $80.
After the final vote was recorded, Brown rushed out of the chamber to catch a flight. Asked for comment, he responded, “I'm done making news today.''
Matt Viser can be reached at maviser@globe.com.
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company.
Spoiler warning: Do not read on unless you've seen “The Flash” episode “Legends of Today,” part one of The CW's “Flash” and “Arrow” crossover event.
After the first hour of this year's “Flash” and “Arrow” crossover, Barry (Grant Gustin) and Oliver (Stephen Amell) have faced Vandal Savage (Casper Crump), discovered Kendra Saunders' (Ciara Renee) hidden past as Hawkgirl, and met her reincarnated soulmate, Carter Hall (Falk Hentschel).
And somehow, the episode still found time to see Patty (Shantel VanSanten) shoot Harrison Wells (Tom Cavanagh), prompting Caitlin (Danielle Panabaker) to use an experimental speed-enhancing drug on Jay Garrick (Teddy Sears) to save Wells' life, and managed to leave us with the cliffhanger of Oliver seeming to realize that the young boy he spots with his ex-girlfriend Samantha (Anna Hopkins) at Jitters is around the right age to potentially be his son, despite her previously telling him that she miscarried their baby.
While that particular plot point is explored in the “Arrow” installment of the crossover, the executive producers of “The Flash,” “Arrow” and the upcoming midseason spinoff “DC's Legends of Tomorrow” (along with stars Teddy Sears and Falk Hentschel) spoke to reporters about the events of “The Flash” installment.
Related 'Charmed' Stars Want to 'Convert Some of the Nonbelievers' After Reboot Backlash CW's 'Katy Keene' Pilot Adds Camille Hyde, Lucien Laviscount
Animosity of two Earths
Jay may have grudgingly saved Wells' life by taking the Velocity 6 serum, but that doesn't mean he and the scientist are about to become BFFs.
“Jay is still very dubious of Wells, and the carnage he's created on Earth-2; just him being behind the particle accelerator explosion,” Sears noted. “There is a growing understanding, respect. There is a nice — I don't want to call it a shift, but these two will begin to work side-by-side, as members of Team STAR Labs, going forward and fighting metahumans. They're not going to be buddies or great friends, but something does happen for the good after that.”
A new kind of speed
Sears also admitted that although Jay won't be “jonesing for a fix” of the new speed-enhancing drug, “he's aware of the potential Velocity 6 has on his life. But I also think he's clear that, ‘I don't want to go down that path.' But I think like anyone who has seen the other side, there are haunting memories of what could be, and what could have been.” The inability to be useful is particularly challenging for Jay, Sears notes. “This guy who was able to do a lot of good when he had the Speed Force. He's wrestling with his identity in a way, and his life without it.”
As for whether Barry will eventually take the serum, executive producer Andrew Kreisberg hinted, “If you're a fan of the comics, you know that a big part of the comics is Velocity 9. And today you guys met Velocity 6. So it's safe to say that there'll be a few more iterations of that formula … How it plays out and how it works and who uses it and the effects that that have — that's something that you'll have to watch.”
Close encounters of the Earth-2 kind
Patty has already had a few brushes with Barry's secret identity and the many secrets the STAR Labs team is keeping, but this week certainly put her in an untenable situation after she shot Earth-2 Wells. It seems like she's long overdue for someone, either Barry or Joe (Jesse L. Martin) to clue her in, which Kreisberg says is an ongoing part of Barry's storyline this year, especially given the secrets they kept from Iris (Candice Patton) last year.
“Can he actually have a relationship with somebody, and what does having a relationship with somebody mean?” Kreisberg mused. “You see it moving forward, especially with Barry's interactions with Iris where Iris is telling him, ‘I'm telling you as your friend that the way you handled things last year were terrible, and you caused a lot of unnecessary hurt and you caused people to be in danger, and you have to do things differently if you really care about this girl.' Then on the other hand, he has this new version of Wells ironically telling him, ‘if you really care about this person, you keep her as far away from all of this as possible, because if Zoom finds out, he'll kill her.' So Barry is really wrestling with those two things moving forward.”
Savage plans
While we know that Savage is fixated on Hawkman and Hawkgirl for reasons that will become clearer in the “Arrow” episode of the crossover, exec producer Marc Guggenheim admitted that there's a lot about the character that they're saving for “Legends of Tomorrow.”
“He has a very clear plan and trajectory. The thing about Vandal is that for him a lifetime is an eye blink. He thinks in thousand-year-old terms. He's a very much a master of the long con,” he noted. “Yes, he does have his own personal agenda vis-a-vis the Hawks. But he's got much bigger plans for the world, which you'll have to watch ‘Legends' to find out. “
Building a ‘Legend'
The crossover was always intended to set up “Legends of Tomorrow,” according to executive producer Greg Berlanti: “The studio and the network were asking us from the very beginning of the year, which characters from ‘Legends' are going to be in the two-hour, and were encouraging us. We wanted to have some — a couple, but not all in it, so it also felt right that we would use the characters that we hadn't introduced on the individual series yet, with the exception of Rip Hunter [Arthur Darvill], who we saved for the pilot of ‘Legends.'”
But that set-up also required a lot of logistical maneuvering from all three shows, since “Legends of Tomorrow” had already started filming before the crossover episodes were shot.
“We had known what we had already written into the introductions of ‘Legends,' so there were several times — and there are characters that I want to wait until people start to watch ‘Legends' [to talk about] — that you'll see that there was stuff that we set up in ‘Legends' and then went back and put into this that then will pay off again in ‘Legends.' So they really speak to each other in that way,” Berlanti said.
That process was particularly challenging for the actors, especially Hentschel, Renee and Crump. “You had actors who were not only working on different things, but you had Falk and Ciara and Casper who had already been filming episodes of ‘Legends' … They'd already established them on ‘Legends,' and then had to go back and introduce them,” Kreisberg added.
Hentschel described the process as “an acting marathon,” before amending, “No, it was great fun. Being carted from one set to another, it was a whirlwind, but it was really amazing to see it come together. When [the producers] all told me about this at first, I was like, ‘how's this going to happen?'” he laughed. “But it was a blast and I have to say that it was very admirable to see it come together and everybody pulling it together. It was very creative.”
Starcrossed lovers
While Carter had a somewhat aggressive introduction (pushing his supposed soulmate off a roof was certainly an ice-breaker), Hentschel noted that Carter and Kendra “come as a team,” adding, “in my mind they're like a bickering old couple. And he's gone through 4000 years of loving her and having her love him back … she doesn't know about it yet, though, so there's always this fun dynamic of him being like, ‘You'll love me! It'll be good! I've seen it.' And I think underneath it, terrified, always, of losing her because imagine you've seen everyone that you know die. It's pretty lonely and here's that one person that is always constant. So I just think that couple dynamic between the two of them… I hope everybody will enjoy it as much as I did.”
Kreisberg said that as well as the fun side of Hawkman and Hawkgirl's banter, there's also a bittersweetness that will be explored through these episodes and into “Legends.”
“What's interesting about Carter's character is he remembers loving Kendra and he remembers all the adventures they had. Not just the bickering, but he remembers all the fun they had. And now he's staring at this woman who's looking at him like he's crazy,” he noted. “There's a sadness about the whole thing, because he knows how great it can be and how sad it is for him to look at her looking at him like he's a stranger.”
Click here to find out what the producers had to say about part two of the crossover, which took place during this week's “Arrow.”
22 January 2012 No Comment
Following the success of the uber popular La Cava del Tequila in the Mexico Pavilion, Epcot has announced that an Italian-themed wine bar will be coming to the park later this year.
As part of the current renovation to the Italy Pavilion's table service restaurant, Tutto Italia, Gusto Wine Bar will open April 28. The brand-new space will be adjacent to the restaurant, and will feature a look and feel reminiscent of an ancient Italian wine cellar, complete with stone floors and walls, with bricked arches throughout the space. The dimly lit atmosphere will lend to the feel that the space is underground, and the rustic furnishings, complete with wooden furniture and wine barrels supporting the bar, will also lend to the theme.
While Disney hasn't confirmed the menu, our friends at Disney Food Blog have heard that there will be an eating area, complete with cozy fireplace. The expectation is that the menu will be more appetizer in nature – think antipasti and small bites – rather than full meals.
Gusto Wine Bar is slated to open officially on April 28, but expect word that a soft opening will take place prior to that date. Tutto Italia will also reopen the same day, and guests and fans of the restaurant can expect to see largely cosmetic differences, with a new facade, carpet, and furniture. We await word of what changes might be made to the menu.
Are you excited about the reopening of Tutto Italia and the debut of Gusto Wine Bar? Please leave a comment and let us know!
Source
Photo Source
England are imploding after the latest in a series of alcohol-related incidents but Kevin Pietersen has climbed into the tourists for other failings, accusing Alastair Cook of looking uninterested, batsmen of making out that the Australian attack "is the scariest bowling they've ever faced" and suggesting there may be a factional split in Joe Root's touring party.
At 2-0 down in the Ashes series and with England Lions squad member Ben Duckett having caused a new wave of controversy by throwing a beer over the head of James Anderson in a Perth bar, England is in proper eat-their-own mode.
Pietersen is at the front of the queue. He says the surprise decision by captain Root to bowl first after winning the toss in Adelaide may not have had the support of all his players.
"I have heard there are rumours that a couple of people didn't want to bowl first in Adelaide. If a couple of people didn't want to bowl and Root's made that decision and they've lost, yeah there are certain factions that can happen in dressing rooms when that happens," said Pietersen, who on the weekend labelled the Duckett episode a "f****** embarrassment" on Twitter.
A lover of the nightlife, Marouane Chamakh might be swapping his Cristal palace for a Crystal one, according to today's The Sun newspaper.
Dubious as we always are about stories which appear in said publication, they quote the ubiquitous ‘insider' who claims that manager Ian Holloway wants the Moroccan on a 6 month loan deal.
“Chamakh's now top of the manager's wish-list,” said the silhouetted snitch from the shadows of a dimly-lit underground car park.
“He wants a target man to compliment Dwight Gayle and Chamakh fits the bill. Holloway feels he can bring the best out of him and has always rated him.
“The plan is to bring him in for six months and see how the move works out.”
He then dissolved into the darkness, the metal tips of his heels echoing away through the basement like a really bad analogy in a Dan Brown novel.
To paraphrase the Liverpool owner, we're not sure what Ian Holloway has been smoking, but hopefully he's got a mega-bong of the stuff at the ready until this deal gets done.
Chamakh made a grand total of no league appearances for Arsenal last season, scoring a whopping zero goals, and a January loan move to West Ham was about as successful as Piers Morgan at the National Not A Complete Wanker Competition.
While a permanent move away would be obviously be preferable, this would be better than him hanging around for the final year of his contract.
FIVE TRADING DAYS FIVE TRADING DAYS
Dow Jones industrial average, five days GOLD'S RISE GOLD'S RISE
Gold futures, dollars per ounce OIL PRICES ON THE RISE OIL PRICES ON THE RISE
Oil prices over 6 months. WASHINGTON  The plummeting dollar broke through an important benchmark against the Japanese yen Thursday and hit another low against the euro, continuing an unnerving plunge that shows little sign of easing. For the first time since 1995, the dollar traded for less than 100 yen while a euro now costs $1.56. The past six years, the dollar has lost 45% of its value against the European currency. The weaker dollar makes U.S. exports less expensive for foreign buyers, but it boosts inflation and especially the price of oil. The greenback's malaise is now so bad that currency specialists are considering central bank intervention to halt the rout. "The Europeans are already verbally intervening in the market. But they can't do this by themselves. They need the U.S. on board," says Stephen Jen, Morgan Stanley's global currency head. European Central Bank chief Jean-Claude Trichet this week told a French magazine he was "concerned by excessive exchange-rate movements." President Bush late Wednesday caused a brief flurry when he said in an interview with the PBS program Nightly Business Report that he "absolutely" favors a stronger dollar. The comment seemed to go beyond long-standing policy backing an unspecified "strong" dollar. But White House spokesman Tony Fratto said the president, who is scheduled to speak on the economy Friday before the Economic Club of New York, "did not change his position." The dollar is likely to come under additional pressure next week, with the Federal Reserve widely expected to cut interest rates at its Tuesday meeting. The dollar's drop inflates world oil prices, which are quoted in dollars. When the dollar weakens, oil producers raise prices to keep revenue stable. Higher oil prices ignite inflation fears, causing foreign central banks to raise interest rates. That draws investment away from the USA, further depressing the dollar. "The danger is a vicious cycle between the dollar and oil prices," Jen said. If the U.S. does intervene, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York would sell foreign currency reserves and buy dollars. Such action was more common in the 1990s than today. But Marc Chandler, currency head at Brown Bros. Harriman, said intervention at this point would likely fail. With the yield on two-year German notes roughly twice that of comparable U.S. securities, investor demand for the European currency will remain robust whatever the Fed does. Chandler also said intervention won't be needed. The dollar has rebounded from its lows against the British pound and Canadian dollar, reached late last year, and likely will do the same against the euro and yen. "The dollar is in the process of turning," he said. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The problem begins at primary school, according to the BCS
A worrying statistic for the tech industry was revealed in freshly-released A-level data - only 9.8% of those completing a computing course were girls.
It comes amid a storm in Silicon Valley over the number of women employed in the tech industry.
Experts agree that the world faces a digital skills shortage and that a more even gender balance is crucial.
One industry body worried that too few boys were also choosing the subject.
"Today's announcement that nearly 7,600 students in England took A-level computing means it's not going to be party time in the IT world for a long time to come," said Bill Mitchell, director of education at the IT Chartered Institute, BCS.
He said that it fell well short of the 40,000 level that "we should be seeing".
But he added that the fact so few girls were taking the subject was particularly worrying.
"At less than 10%, the numbers of girls taking computing A-level are seriously low."
"We know that this a problem starting at primary school and it's something that we need to address at all levels throughout education.
"As a society, we need to make sure that our young women are leaving education with the digital skills they need to secure a worthwhile job, an apprenticeship or go on to further study."
The figures, from the Joint Council for Qualifications (JCQ), are not all bad news. They reveal that there has been a 34% rise in the number of female students sitting the computer science exam, up to 816 from 609 in 2016.
Uphill battle
Google engineer James Damore caused controversy this month when he penned a memo suggesting that there were fewer women at Google because of biological differences. The search giant sacked him over the remarks, saying they were "offensive".
A recent survey of 1,000 university students conducted by audit firm KPMG suggested that only 37% of young women were confident they had the tech skills needed by today's employers.
A total of 73% said that they had not considered a graduate job in technology.
Aidan Brennan, KPMG's head of digital transformation, said: "The issue here isn't around competency - far from it - but rather how businesses understand the underlying capability of an individual and how to unlock it.
"I think this research highlights the work that needs to be done to show the next generation that when it comes to a career in tech, gender isn't part of the equation.
"Competition for jobs is tough and we know that female job seekers can be less likely to apply for a role than their male counterparts if they don't feel they already possess every prerequisite the job demands."
Anne-Marie Imafidon MBE, who founded the charity Stemettes to persuade more girls to pursue careers in Science, Technology Engineering and Maths has her own view about the low number of girls taking A-level computing.
"Girls often don't want to be the only one in the class so they tend not to pick the subject when it is an option," she said.
"Also, it's often not even an option in a lot of schools so it's an uphill battle but fortunately, a lot of computer science courses take A-level maths students, so there is a very viable route for girls into the course itself and related courses."
Google says increasing the FBI's powers set out in search warrants would raise ‘monumental' legal concerns that should be decided by Congress
Google is boldly opposing an attempt by the US Justice Department to expand federal powers to search and seize digital data, warning that the changes would open the door to US “government hacking of any facility” in the world.
In a strongly worded submission to the Washington committee that is considering the proposed changes, Google says that increasing the FBI's powers set out in search warrants would raise “monumental and highly complex constitutional, legal and geopolitical concerns that should be left to Congress to decide”.
The search giant warns that under updated proposals, FBI agents would be able to carry out covert raids on servers no matter where they were situated, giving the US government unfettered global access to vast amounts of private information.
In particular, Google sounds the alarm over the FBI's desire to “remotely” search computers that have concealed their location – either through encryption or by obscuring their IP addresses using anonymity services such as Tor. Those government searches, Google says, “may take place anywhere in the world. This concern is not theoretical. ... [T]he nature of today's technology is such that warrants issued under the proposed amendment will in many cases end up authorizing the government to conduct searches outside the United States.”
Google raised its objections as part of a public consultation that ended on Tuesday. Its submission, and 37 others made by interested parties, will be considered by the Advisory Committee on Criminal Rules, an obscure but powerful Washington body consisting mainly of judges that has responsibility over federal rules including those governing the actions of the FBI.
Federal agents wishing to search a property have to apply to a judge for a warrant to do so. Under existing rules, known as Rule 41, the authorizing judge has to be located in the same district as the property to be searched.
But the Justice Department argues that in the modern computer age, such an arrangement no longer works. It is calling for the scope of warrants to be widened so that FBI agents can search property – in this case computers – outside the judge's district. The FBI argues that this new power would be essential in investigations where suspects have concealed the location of their computer networks.
A comment to the committee from a coalition of prosecutors, the National Association of Assistant US Attorneys, said that “suspects are increasingly using sophisticated anonymizing technologies and proxy services designed to hide their true IP addresses. This creates significant difficulties for law enforcement to identify the district in which the electronic information is located.”
The Justice Department itself has tried to assuage anxieties about its proposed amendment. In its comment to the committee, DoJ officials say that federal agents would only request the new type of warrants where there was “probable cause to search for or seize evidence, fruits, or instrumentalities of crime”.
But civil liberties and legal groups remain unconvvinced, insisting that the language is so vaguely worded that it would have draconian and global implications. In its submission, the American Civil Liberties Union said that the proposed changes could violate the fourth amendment of the US constitution, which bans unreasonable searches and seizures.
The ACLU's principal technologist, Christopher Soghoian, said: “The government is seeking a troubling expansion of its power to surreptitiously hack into computers, including using malware. Although this proposal is cloaked in the garb of a minor procedural update, in reality it would be a major and substantive change that would be better addressed by Congress.”
The FBI has been developing its computer surveillance techniques over almost 15 years. It now regularly uses “network investigative techniques”, or NITs, to implant malware software onto target devices that in effect allow agents to control the machine – they can turn on or off cameras and recording equipment, download the entire database of information and gain access to other linked computers.
Google argues such tactics run the risk of the private information of innocent third parties being hoovered up in a massive data sweep.
Recent high-profile hacks such as the breach of Sony Pictures, which the FBI blamed on North Korea, have highlighted global cybersecurity as a growing area of importance for the Obama administration. But the US government now stands accused of trying to acquire the ability to carry out routine extra-territorial hacking raids that it has accused other countries of conducting.
Google contends that by doing so, the US government risks undermining diplomatic arrangements it has built up with other countries over many years that allow cross-border investigations to take place with the approval of all parties.
“The US has long recognized the sovereignty of nations,” the company says in its submission, quoting legal authorities that say that in the absence of a treaty or other national agreement, “the jurisdiction of law enforcement agents does not extend beyond a nation's borders”.
In October, FBI director James Comey gave remarks – widely derided by privacy watchers and tech-industry officials – in which he said “encryption threatens to lead us all to a very, very dark place”.
Comey asked: “Have we become so mistrustful of government and law enforcement in particular that we are willing to let bad guys walk away, willing to leave victims in search of justice?”
In the battle to preserve an essential world-wide system of medicine of enormous curative power and protection such as homeopathy, it is essential that defenders enter the realms of both philosophy and politics.
The skeptics are getting away with hidden assumptions and passing off their faux science “scientism” as the real thing when it is instead just an intellectual shortcut granting themselves instant accolades as defenders of “science” while allowing them to insult, ridicule or dismiss those they attack or demean without any serious argument.
The fundamental tenets of the “scientism” belief system are that actual human evidence, the exact and voluminous clinical case studies, clinical reports, journals and books of the homeopaths such as the works of Dr. Margaret L. Tyler, or Dr. Dorothy Shepherd, or Dr. Hering and others which document entire careers spanning decades and the treatment of thousands of patients, …that somehow this enormous evidence does not “qualify” and is to be dismissed as mere “anecdotes”.
This viewpoint creates an arbitrary and illusory mirage that modern medicine is some vast mathematically proven system in which every therapy, drug and treatment is proven by elaborate and exact double blinded placebo controlled studies. Those looking at the hospital statistics, iatrogenic damage and patient results in such areas as chemotherapy, vaccinations and most other areas of modern medicine can see right away that this is not the case.
What the defenders of homeopathy either do not realize of are not calling out, is that their are grave political consequences to this view of medicine. The disavowal of homeopathy results allows the skeptic to automatically place themselves as arbiters and in control of judgement about what constitutes real medicine and, therefore the power to discredit and dismiss that which they ordain is not real, or is “witchcraft” or “quackery”… a position that they have coopted but did not earn and for which there is no justification but their strident assertions.
This political aspect can be seen even more clearly in the mass hysteria that arose early this year during a tiny measles outbreak in California. The mass hysteria, encouraged by media articles and vaccination supporters have now given rise to legislation coercing vaccinations in several states.
This action completely overrules and obliterates our essential freedom of individual or parental medical choice. It is a dangerous artifact of one size fits all machine medicine and is medically as well as politically dangerous to all.
The infestation of our governments by corporatist interests and lobbyists and influence peddlers is made worse in the case of medicine by the interlocking associations between government agencies, corporations, universities, research centers and health “insurance” organizations.
While the quality of hospital care declines and the dangers rise, people on their own are seeking and finding alternative and even more cost effective systems of treatment and are therefore discovering things such as homeopathy despite the endless anti-alternative medicine propaganda being propagated mainly through corporatist controlled news media, and the reputation of demeaning falsehoods by unknown MD's.
Rather than continually quoting various double blinded “studies” and “meta-analyses” that seem to support homeopathy, the homeopaths should instead avoid discussing results which the skeptics will inevitably say are equivocal, and instead focus on the actual specific homeopathic cases in which the patient was cured or improved after other medical systems were tried and failed.
These are the most powerful indicators of the homeopathic curative effect and of the scope and viability of this powerful system of medicine.
By emphasizing the ultimate cost to the public of allowing self appointed medicinalist-skeptics to determine what is and is not “valid” medicine and to gain control over everyone's freedom of medical choice, the political consequences of medical treatment in the corporatist-fascist state will be made more clear and their full disregard of the worth of the individual and relegation to mere serf or worker fabricant status will be revealed for the dangers that it entails,politically as well as medically.
Ransomware has adapted over the years, becoming more difficult to thwart. “Malware that encrypts your data and tries to sell it back to you, or else, is not new,” noted Paul Ducklin, a researcher at Sophos Labs, in a blog. “In fact, one of the earliest pieces of malware that was written specifically to make money, rather than simply to prove a point, was the AIDS Information Trojan of 1989. That Trojan scrambled your hard disk after 90 days, and instructed you to send $378 to an accommodation address in Panama.”
That bug used simplistic encryption algorithms, and every computer was scrambled in the same way, so free tools for cleanup and recovery soon became available, Ducklin noted. Not so with the CryptoLocker next-gen ransomware, which uses a public key to encrypt a variety of file types such as images, documents and spreadsheets. The malware searches for files to encrypt on all drives and in all folders it can access from the compromised computer, including workgroup files shared by colleagues and resources on company servers.
“The more privileged your account, the worse the overall damage will be,” Ducklin said.
CryptoLocker installs itself in the Documents and Settings folder, using a randomly-generated name, and adds itself to the list of programs in your registry that Windows loads automatically when the user logs on. It then produces a lengthy list of random-looking server names in the domains .biz, .co.uk, .com, .info, .net, .org and .ru – and then tries to make a web connection to each of these server names in turn, trying one each second until it finds one that responds. Once it has found a server that it can reach, the server generates a unique public-private key pair and sends the public key part back to the computer.
“Remember that public-key cryptography uses two different keys: a public key that locks files, and a private key that unlocks them,” said Ducklin. “You can share your public key widely so that anyone can encrypt files for you, but only you (or someone to whom you have given a copy of your private key) can decrypt them.”
The malware offers to trade money for the private key to unlock the encrypted files. “It pops up a pay page, giving you a limited time, typically 100 hours, to buy back the private key for your data, typically for $300,” Ducklin said. Then a warning comes that the server will destroy the key after a time specified, meaning that the files will never be able to be recovered.
The picture doesn't get better. “SophosLabs has received a large number of scrambled documents via the Sophos sample submission system,” he said. “These have come from people who are keenly hoping that there's a flaw in the CryptoLocker encryption, and that we can help them get their files back. But as far as we can see, there's no backdoor or shortcut: what the public key has scrambled, only the private key can unscramble.” In other words, unlike other ransomware, there is no remediation.
Worse, the infection vectors make it difficult for consumers to avoid. CryptoLocker arrives via email attachments and botnet – the former is easy to avoid by being wary of unsolicited attachments. Botnets though are a different story.
“Most bots, or zombies, once active on your computer, include a general purpose ‘upgrade' command that allows the crooks to update, replace, or add to the malware already on your PC,” said Ducklin. “So take our advice: make it your task today to search out and destroy any malware already on your computer, lest it dig you in deeper still.”
CHICAGO- The Boston Bruins entered the 2017 NHL Entry Draft with six selections and just three in the first three 111 slots after making a total of nine picks in the first two rounds in the previous pair of years. The B's held onto all of their picks, but didn't come away with a lot of draft excitement and buzz, even if several of the players they chose to appear to have the talent and potential to one day play for the parent club.
Assistant GM Scott Bradley returned to the helm of running the B's draft with previous amateur scouting director Keith Gretzky leaving Boston last August to take the same position with the Edmonton Oilers, where he was reunited with former Bruins boss who hired him, Peter Chiarelli. This draft class reflects Bradley's value-based philosophy and willingness to take less risk in favor of drafting players who embrace the team's style and represent better potential roster fits.
Here's a quick recap of all of Boston's picks in the draft's two days and what fans might expect from the new arrivals down the road:
Urho Vaakanainen, Rd 1.- pick 18
Left defense; 6-1/181; 01 Jan 99; JyP Jyvaskyla (Finland- SM Liiga)
Central Scouting rank: 8- Europe; Red Line Report: 50 ISS: 34 Hockey Prospect: 11
Talent analysis: Good height and long limbs; plus-skater who can move with speed, quickness and agility. Breaks out pucks efficiently with head up. Will join the rush and can handle the puck effectively from the blue line when the play is in the offensive zone. Smart defensive player who uses his length and reach to deny paths to the net. Not overly physical and prefers to use angles, gap work and a quick stick to keep opponents from generating scoring chances. Six points for JyP in his second pro season in the SM-Liiga, but could be on the verge of breaking out offensively with SaiPa next season.
Pick analysis: Vaakanainen was the eighth-ranked European skater by the NHL's Central Scouting Service and projected to go around where the B's drafted him. Some public lists had him closer to 11-13 range, while others had him solidly in the second round. The Bruins were looking to add a quality left-shot defenseman and when countryman Juuso Valimaki went off the board to the Calgary Flames at 16, the team went with another of Finland's quality young D who was a member of both of his country's successful two most recent U18 squads (gold, silver in 2016-17) and the very disappointing 2017 U20 World Jr. Team. Vaakanainen is not all that flashy or dynamic a player, but he is mobile, skilled and represents a potential blossoming offensive upside that may not be reflected in his pedestrian stats. He's probably not a high-end prospect, but a solid complementary kind of player who further strengthens the future left side and gives GM Don Sweeney more options to move some of the prospects out in potential packages for NHL-level trades.
On the board at 18: F- Kristian Vesalainen; F- Ryan Poehling; F- Kailer Yamamoto; F- Eeli Tolvanen; F- Klim Kostin; F- Robert Thomas; D- Nic Hague; F- Filip Chytil; D- Connor Timmins; F- Isaac Ratcliffe; D- Pierre-Olivier Joseph; G- Jake Oettinger
Jack Studnicka, Rd 2.- pick 53
Center; 6-1/172; 18 Feb 99; Oshawa Generals (OHL)
Central Scouting rank: 120- North America; Red Line Report: 68; ISS: 41; Hockey Prospect: 73
Talent analysis: Rangy center's stock really came on after a disappointing regular season got a surge with strong OHL playoff and subsequent World Under-18 tournament performances. His thin, reedy build will require significant off-ice conditioning work to add some mass and strength to. Above average skater who has the quick-burst to get to pucks in short areas and can also beat defenders in open ice. Handles and shoots the puck well; has the offensive tool kit to put up bigger numbers in the OHL next year and beyond. A smart, hard-working two-way center who is good on faceoffs and understands the importance of three-zone hockey. Solid citizen and leader type- will have a letter on his jersey at some point.
Pick analysis: Doesn't project as a top-line offensive threat but has the potential to develop into a solid third-line center with a second-line ceiling if he can take another step in his development. Rankings for Studnicka were all over the map, but the reality is- he was a late-rising player whose ability to step up in key moments with the Gennies and Team Canada (albeit in disappointing Hlinka and U18 finishes) speaks well to his pro potential. More Jack-of-all-Trades versus sleek, sexy scoring forward, but there is always value to having these kinds of players on your NHL roster if he can earn a spot one day. There weren't many complete players of Studnicka's ability on the board at 53, but there were some prospects with a bigger risk-reward factors, so time will tell if going the safer route was the right decision.
On the board at 53: G- Ukko-Pekka Lukkonen; G- Michael DiPietro; G- Keith Petruzzelli; F- Joni Ikonen; F- Matthew Strome; D- Josh Brook; F- Morgan Geekie; G- Matthew Villalta; D- Ben Mirageas; D- Reilly Walsh;
Jeremy Swayman, Rd 4.- pick 111
Goaltender; 6-2/190; 24 Nov 98; Sioux Falls Stampede (USHL)
Central Scouting rank: 12- North America; Red Line Report: NR; Hockey Prospect: NR
Talent analysis: High-end athlete with good size who probably isn't finished growing (his dad is 6-6) checks all the boxes for a developmental project goalie. Excellent quickness and great hands- glove and blocker are effective at catching pucks or directing them away from danger areas. Gets a good lateral push and tracks pucks well. Put up very good save percentage and GAA numbers (.914, 2.90) on a non-playoff USHL club, and was often lost in the spotlight of other bigger-name goalies playing in that league. Needs to be more patient at times- gets caught trying to do too much and will have to put in the work to refine his game and keep getting better. Says all the right things, but the proof will be in the continued progression and body of work.
Pick analysis: Textbook case of the perception of the “shallow” 2017 NHL draft, where many of the more conventional and established names on public lists were passed on by teams who scouted their own players and went with a lesser known commodity in Swayman, an Alaska native who played for a tougher-to-see USHL club. Originally thought to be spending another year in junior, TSP confirmed that Swayman will play at the University of Maine next season. That may or may not be the best for his development, but the B's and fans will likely have to get used to what could be a bit of a rollercoaster for him in terms of strong vs. shaky outings and stretches of play. Swayman's pure physical package means that he's bound to have some quality starts that will generate buzz, but he's also likely to have some rougher stretches that will underscore the time and patience needed to properly develop a goaltender in this day and age.
On the board at 111: F- Kyle Olson; D- Michael Karow; F- Noah Cates; G- Cayden Primeau; F- Nick Campoli
Cedric Pare, Rd. 6- pick 173
Center; 6-2/205; 24 Jan 99; Saint John Sea Dogs
Central Scouting Rank: 146- North America
Talent analysis: Big-bodied, toolsy center who didn't see a lot of playing time on a stacked, veteran team that won the QMJHL championship and played for the 2017 Memorial Cup. Strong below the dots and in the corners, but skating needs to improve mainly in the first steps and lateral agility to boost an effective short-area game. Hard shot, but needs to get it off faster. Grinds for pucks and does well to shield them in possession but not overly skilled or creative. At his best when driving the net and using his size to box out defenders.
Pick analysis: This is a pure project selection that drew a mixed bag of reviews, as several NHL scouts informally polled either liked the pick or didn't. Conventional thought is that Pare, who resembles a blend of Patrice Bergeron and Ryan Spooner in terms of his looks, has a chance to play a more prominent role in Saint John next season. He's not flashy, but plays that heavy-on-pucks style the Bruins like. Time will tell if they were ahead of the curve in terms of a budding offensive game, or if he's going to be another in a glut of bottom-line prospects.
On the board at 173: F- Morgan Barron, F- Sasha Chmelevski; F- Cole Guttman; G- Dylan Ferguson
5. Victor Berglund, Rd. 7- pick 195
Right Defense; 6-0/165; 02 Aug 99; MoDo (Sweden)
Central Scouting Rank: 109- Europe
Talent analysis: Small, skilled defender was a total stealth/under the radar pick, as no one we were with at the draft knew who he was. We'll let Bradley describe him thus: “Our Swedish guys were on top of him. They think he's a mobile D. He's skilled, ultra-skilled, and he skates well. Small. Six-footer, but [European scouts] P.J. [Axelsson] and Sven [Svensson] and Victor [Nybladh], they were pounding the table for him and we went along with it and I think we might have something there. Talking to his strength coach after the pick, he's got him working on putting some muscle and weight on so we look forward to seeing him, too, at development camp.”
Pick analysis: It's the seventh round. Why not?
On the board at 195: G- Cayden Primeau; F- Sammy Walker; F- Logan Cockerill; D- Croix Evingson; D- Phil Kemp
6. Daniel Bukac, Rd. 7- pick 204
Right Defense; 6-4/195; 29 Apr 99; Brandon Wheat Kings (WHL)
Central Scouting Rank: 173; Red Line Report: 97
Talent analysis: Big, rangy Czech defender is raw and needs a lot of development, but could have a decent payoff down the road. Good skater for his size who will get better and more powerful in his stride as he adds lower leg strength. Long stick- terrific reach. Didn't put up many points, but had a tough transition to North America with the Wheaties and came on strong at the end. More from Bradley: “He's raw. He's a project. Kid from the Czech Republic that played in the Western Hockey League. At the start of the year – he's come leaps and bounds with his development. Talking to the people – the coaches, the management, and the GM in Brandon, they're very excited about him coming back to Brandon. They're expecting big things from him. We look forward to seeing him in camp.”
Pick analysis: When you're picking this late, taking a project D with size and upside is a pretty good way to go.
On the board at 204: G- Dayton Rasmussen; F- Nick Swaney; D- Dylan Coghlan
Saturday marks the end of the second season of My Little Pony Friendship Is Magic, which means there's a long, cold summer in the offing for bronies (adult male fans of the show) and pegasisters (their female counterparts). But that doesn't mean the party will stop.
“If this season ending is anything like the last one, it's going to explode in fan creations,” said Shaun Scotellaro, creator of My Little Pony fan site Equestria Daily, in an e-mail to Wired. “I am not sure when Season 3 is starting up, but if it's another marathon wait, we are going to have a busy summer. The brony thing has sort of evolved past just relying on new episodes for life.”
He's right. In the two seasons that Friendship Is Magic has been on the air, the show has become an online phenomenon. Largely fueled by the work of bronies and pegasisters, YouTube clips, countless websites, Tumblrs and other works of fan-made art have flooded the web, turning pony life into a full-on meme.
To keep that meme alive, in the coming months there will be BronyCon Summer 2012 in Secaucus, New Jersey, Everfree Northwest in Seattle and the Little Pony Project 2012 in Los Angeles, just to name a few.
But while events and fan art are great, something should be done to commemorate the end of another season of the show that spawned one of the most fascinating internet fan bases in recent memory, especially one timed to a perfectly good opportunity to finish off leftover party favors from 4/20. We've got two things to bring to the pony mare-iage: The clip above, which shows a bit of the season finale's wedding between Princess Cadance and Shining Armor, and the giveaway outlined below.
Win an Autographed My Little Pony Image
Need something to tide you over until new episodes of My Little Pony come back on the air? Leave a comment below telling us which Season 2 episode was your favorite and why. You'll be entered for a chance to win one of five images (like the one at right) signed by show-runner Meghan McCarthy, who wrote the two-part wedding finale, and Tara Strong, the voice of Twilight Sparkle. Entries must be received by 12:01 a.m. Pacific on April 24, 2012. Giveaway open to U.S. residents only.
Note: If you do not have an e-mail address or Twitter handle associated with your Disqus login, you must include contact information in your comment to be eligible. Any winner who does not respond to Wired's notification within 72 hours will forfeit the prize.
The Little Pony Friendship Is Magic season finale airs Saturday at 1 p.m. Eastern/10 a.m. Pacific on the Hub TV network.
DIY Nanners! Everything you need to grow your own banana tree.
After sprouting, the banana tree will grow about a foot within 1 month.
Actually, it's not a tree; the banana plant is the world's largest herb!
Ah, bananas. You can tally them. You can feed them to monkeys. You can pretend they are guns and rob banks in silent comedies and cartoons. AND, they are high in potassium! Oh, and if a bad guy is chasing you, you can so totally drop the banana peel on the floor to create instant hilarity! But here are two things you might not have known. 1. The "banana tree" is not actually a tree; it's the world's largest herb. 2. If you get one of these Grow Your Own Banana Tree kits, you'll have almost everything you need to, well, grow your own banana tree (that's really an herb).
See, each Grow Your Own Banana Tree comes with everything you need to grow some nanners except for water, sunlight, and unadulterated monkey love. The package is actually a mini greenhouse, and it's guaranteed by the manufacturer to grow. Once the banana tree (we're gonna just call it that for ease, so hush) sprouts, it will grow about a foot in the first month. Treat it right, and you'll have a six foot tree on your hands in about a year. Of course, actually growing fruit will take a bit longer, but if you work hard at it (and don't forget all the monkey love), your Growth Your Own Banana Tree kit could eventually yield fruit! MONKEY LOVES BANANAS!
Grow Your Own Banana Tree
SYDNEY, Australia — Vice President Mike Pence assured Australian leaders on Saturday that the United States was committed to the countries' “strong and historic alliance,” and he reaffirmed that the Trump adminstration would honor a refugee deal that President Trump disparaged in a January phone call with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
Mr. Pence is wrapping up an Asia-Pacific tour in which he has sought to affirm America's commitment to the region after President Trump sent mixed signals to close allies, including Australia.
The tense phone call in late January between Mr. Trump and Mr. Turnbull set off a storm of criticism in Australia just as some in the country were calling for reconsidering its alliance with the United States and tilting more toward China.
During the call, Mr. Turnbull pressed Mr. Trump to honor an agreement, reached near the end of the Obama administration, to accept hundreds of refugees from Australian offshore detention centers. Mr. Trump abruptly ended the conversation and posted on Twitter that the agreement was a “dumb deal.”
This article is over 6 years old
Blogger discovers development with 'striking similarity' to already discovered camps next to existing an prison
Analysis of updated Google Earth satellite images has identified what appears to be another of North Korea's notorious prison camps.
Blogger Curtis Melvin, who publishes North Korean Economy Watch, discovered a new development next to existing prison Camp 14, sharing 3km of fencing, and near the disused Camp 18.
While not confirmed as a new prison, Melvin observed a "striking similarity" to existing camps and a visible security fence. He has speculated that the area is an extension of Camp 14, a new camp or a new type of facility altogether.
Melvin said this new area was constructed some time between December 2006 and September 2011, and has identified what appear to be guard posts, a staff entrance, residential units and an abandoned coal mine.
The brutality of North Korea's prison camps was revealed last year in a book by defector Shin Dong-hyuk, who worked with formerWashington Post reporter Blaine Harden to tell of his experience since birth in Camp 14.
North Korea's camps are estimated to hold as many as 200,000 people, many incarcerated because they are related to a previous prisoner, have attempted to make contact outside the country or for "insulting the Kim dynasty".
Prison camps in the remote and mountainous region of North Korea are the most severe, with reports of gas chambers and chemical experiments, according to Amnesty International.
Shin told of the forced labour in the camps, including a factory sewing military uniforms and dangerous and often fatal work in coal mines. He eventually escaped at 23, and now lives in Seoul, South Korea.
The "Hidden Gulag" report by the US Committee for Human Rights in North Korea last month praised Google Earth for its high resolution imagery, which has allowed camps to be identified, monitored and confirmed detailed testimonies from escapees.
The Google executive chairman, Eric Schmidt, drew criticism for a visit to North Korea earlier this month, with the US state department describing it as "ill-timed", though the power of the search giant's mapping tool has been praised.
After his four-day visit, Schmidt said North Korea needed to empower its citizens through access to the global internet.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Supreme Court on Monday agreed to hear printer manufacturer Lexmark International Inc's appeal of a long-running dispute with Static Control Components Inc over replacement toner cartridges.
Tourists walk in front of the Supreme Court building in Washington, March 24, 2013. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
Lexmark asked the justices to review an appeals court ruling that said Static had standing to make false advertising claims against it.
Static claims that Lexmark falsely advertised by advising customers that Static's chips infringed upon Lexmark's intellectual property.
The two companies have been locked in litigation for over a decade. Lexmark, in an effort to prevent the practice of other companies selling re-filled, already used Lexmark cartridges, started adding microchips to its cartridges so that Lexmark printers would not work with cartridges without the technology.
Static was able to replicate the microchip technology and subsequently sold chips to companies that wanted to sell re-filled cartridges for Lexmark printers.
Lexmark sued, alleging copyright violations. Static responded by filing its own suit alleging antitrust and false-advertising claims.
The only issue left in the case is the false advertising question after a jury found that Static had not induced copyright infringement and the judge presiding over the case dismissed Static's claims.
The Cincinnati-based 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld all the lower court's decisions except for its dismissal of the false advertising claims.
Lexmark says Static does not have standing to make its claim because only direct competitors can make false advertising allegations.
Oral arguments and a decision are due in the court's next term, which starts in October and ends in June 2014.
The case is Lexmark v. Static Control, U.S. Supreme Court, No. 12-873.
Ask Manny Kool about the hype and hope surrounding Saturday's Record Store Day — a glorious all-day bonanza for geeked-out vinyl and music fans — and the smooth-pated, normally chill dude in charge of Daddy Kool in St. Petersburg widens his eyes.
"Oh god," he says.
Kool has ordered more exclusive one-day-only merchandise than ever before for the seventh annual salute to indie record shops. "I've never spent so much money," he sighs, joking, "I've mortgaged the house." Mojo Books and Music in Tampa also has an unprecedented bounty of RSD-exclusive merch on the way, some 65 percent more than last year.
If that sounds risky, well, Manny's house should be just fine. Vinyl is hot, a once-dusty relic now very much in vogue with old and young. Plus, thanks to the increasing hullabaloo, indie shops routinely make more money on Record Store Day than they do the following month. It's not just a fun day for them; it's essential.
This year looks to be gangbusters as well, as such major acts as Bruce Springsteen, Katy Perry, Green Day, David Bowie, the Pixies, Sam Cooke, Otis Redding and many, many more will have RSD-exclusive releases, all in the name of helping indie stores hang in there against Target, iTunes, Amazon and others.
Like many hips, indie-spirited enterprises — think SXSW in Austin or the Sundance Film Fest in Park City — RSD has gone a bit corporate, as major labels have busted in on the feel-good act at a time when the whole music biz could use some love.
And yet, the big boys make sure to keep things hip and offbeat; last year, my haul included a Jack Daniels-infused 7-inch (or 45 RPM) of Eric Church single Jack Daniel's and a limited-edition glow-in-the-dark 12-inch (a regular 33 RPM LP) of the Poltergeist soundtrack. Nerd alert!
Herewith, a veritable milk crate of RSD 2014 tips, goodies, locations and more. Here's hoping you score the vinyl of your dreams.
A few must-have RSD 2014 exclusives
There's no guarantee how many copies your preferred record shop will have of each release. Some might have 15; some might have bubkes. But therein lies the thrill of the hunt. Get up early and load up on coffee and cash. Then go after the goods, including the following gems. (To read the full release list, go to recordstoreday.com.)
Henry Mancini, The Pink Panther (Legacy)
This 50th anniversary 12-inch reissue of the soundtrack is printed on — yep, you guessed it — PINK VINYL. Must. Have.
Peanuts Portable Turntable
Crosley electronics has made an RSD-exclusive Peanuts-inspired portable record player. Orange and yellow, it has an old-school comic-strip version of Charlie Brown on the cover exclaiming, with rare Chuck positivity, "I'm real proud of my record collection." My heart is breaking.
Otis Redding/ Aretha Franklin, Respect (Warner Bros)
Fetch me the drool cup: This gold-colored 7-inch vinyl is another chapter in RSD's Side by Side series. Respect was originally written and recorded by Redding in 1965, so he gets Side A. Flip it over and the Queen of Soul, who made the song even more famous in '67, wails away.
Bruce Springsteen, American Beauty (Columbia)
Only 7,500 copies were printed of the Boss' 12-inch RSD contribution: four never-before-released cuts, three of which — American Beauty, Mary Mary and Hey Blue Eyes — were recorded during the sessions for his latest album, High Hopes. This one's going to go fast, boys and girls.
The Pixies, Indie Cindy (Pias America)
The alt-rock darlings (well, if you can call Black Francis a "darling") will release an RSD-only double-album vinyl version of their first new album since 1991's Trompe Le Monde. I know Daddy Kool has this one, 'cause I held the heavy-duty beauty, if only briefly, in my own two trembling hands.
Katy Perry, Prism (Capitol)
As proof that vinyl isn't just for geezers anymore, the current pop princess is getting in on the RSD fun, releasing a 12-inch vinyl picture disc of her latest album for fans. Only 5,000 copies are out there.
David Bowie, Rock 'n' Roll Suicide and 1984 (Rhino)
The Thin White Duke is spreading the love this year, releasing two different picture discs on both sides of the pond: Rock 'n' Roll Suicide (from 1972's The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders From Mars) in the U.K.; 1984 (from 1974's Diamond Dogs) in North America.
Regina Spektor, You've Got Time (Nonesuch)
For fans of Netflix drama Orange Is the New Black, quirkcentric piano-pounder Spektor offers a 45 version of the theme song, written specifically for the show. "The animals, the animals ..."
Jack White's record-breaking Record Day
Okay, let me see if I can get this straight: The White Stripes raconteur, who's also the owner of Nashville's Third Man Records (a shop, a studio, a stage), will attempt the World's Fastest Released Record. On Record Store Day, the throwback pale guitarslinger will play a gig at Third Man and record, direct-to-acetate, a live rendition of the title track from upcoming LP Lazaretto. The masters will then be sent to United Record Pressing, who will quickly print up 45s. The cover art will be pictures from the show that just went down. The finished records will then be sent back to Third Man for the waiting throngs. The coolest touch of all: No matter how many fans are waiting in line, United Record says they'll keep the presses humming so everyone gets a copy. Now who's up for a road trip?
Are you ready for a cassette revival, too?
As well as releasing 18-track compilation Demolicious on CD and double 12-inch vinyl, the pop-punkers in Green Day will offer it, albeit a tad ironically, on cassette. That dare-to-be-cheeky aesthetic is what RSD is all about, so don't expect a massive comeback in those flimsy plastic rectangles. Or, for that matter, Sony Walkmen replacing iPods. (Although to be fair, my 2007 Nissan Murano has a tape player, and this might be a fun time to see if it actually works.) EDM boy wonder Skrillex will release his album Recess on cassette, too. Other bands getting in on the clunky fun include Radkey, Jessica Lea Mayfield and Heatmiser. That reminds me: I have some mortifying high-school-era "I love you" mixtapes still floating around in the world. Hopefully, they've disintegrated by now.
Where's the Party?
Indie record shops all over Tampa Bay will be spinning and selling (and, at some magical places, serving up free Pabst Blue Ribbon!) Saturday. Here's where you can find the musical merriment and related geekery:
Daddy Kool
666 Central Ave., St. Petersburg; (727) 822-5665
As well as dozens of live shows up and down St. Pete's Central Avenue, Daddy Kool will have a sidewalk sale (super cheap vinyl, I load up every year) plus the lovable MC Infinite Skillz entertaining the masses from noon to 3 p.m. Opens at 8 a.m. Also, as part of the Daddy Kool Records Record Store Day celebration, they have teamed up with Times sister publication tbt* to host the Ultimate Local Music Showcase concert featuring Good Graeff, Fowler's Bluff, Mountain Holler, Archaic Interest and Sonic Graffiti at 7 p.m. at the Local 662, 662 Central Ave., St. Petersburg. Free. (727) 258-4829.
Bananas Music and Movies
2887 22nd Ave. N, St. Petersburg; (727) 321-6814
The huge record store will dole out prizes, giveaways and live music by DJ Tyson Mink, Sam Esser, Lauris Vidal, the Anderson Brothers, Luxury Mane and Orange Gravity. Opens at 9 a.m.
Planet Retro Gallery
2414 Central Ave., St. Petersburg; (727) 218-7434
Local DJs including Earl Grae, Kalani and Pink will spin, local bands including Blast and the Detergents, Sonic Graffiti and Funeral Dazies will play, and local vinyl freaks will enjoy raffles, a sidewalk and, most importantly, free beer and free food. Opens at 9 a.m.
Microgroove Records
4906 N Florida Ave., Tampa; (813) 667-7089
Glug back some complimentary Pabst Blue Ribbon, peruse the racks of vinyl and enjoy live performances beginning at 1 p.m. by the Heavy Metals, Radarmen, King of Spain, Empire Cinema and Fistful. Open at 9 a.m.
Mojo Books and Music
2558 E Fowler Ave., Tampa; (813) 971-9717
Mojo is promising 65 percent more RSD-exclusive merch this year, plus goodie bags, free PBR, a vegan bake sale and live performances by DJ Suspiria, Empire Cinema, Heavy Metals, Jensen Surf Company, Coldskin, Blood Wave and more. Opens at 8 a.m.
Kingfish Records
Oldsmar Flea Market, 180 Race Track Road, Oldsmar; (727) 455-9923
Kingfish is promising more than 500 RSD-only releases plus an assortment of other deals.
Sean Daly can be reached at [email protected] Follow @seandalypoplife on Twitter.
CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER: Hagel's problems were not institutional, he was over his head from the beginning. Anybody who watched his hearings knew that, he knew that. He was sort of a nonpresence for the first year or so. The irony is that he got tossed in the end and thrown under the bus because he actually sort of spoke up, spoke out and spoke the truth on the fact that the Syrian policy was entirely incoherent. He went against the White House and Susan Rice and the NSC, who were trying to manage his department and manage the Department of Defense over his head. And when he said the truth, he criticized the administration. Obama can tolerate a lot -- cluelessness, incompetence, laziness -- but not criticism; he had to go.
OPEN:
Argosy Cafe: This cozy coffee corner from father-and-son duo Jay and James Shaffer transforms into a modern happy hour hangout once the clock strikes five. The cafe made its debut in the Munsey building at the corner of Fayette and Calvert streets earlier this month, providing a new culinary option for professionals in downtown's central business district. Breakfast and lunch offerings include house-roasted coffee, pastries, soups, and the restaurant's signature “twirls,” (toasty sandwiches on challah bread with an onion swirl,) while made-for-sharing bites like crispy parsley potato cakes with blistered cherry tomatoes are featured during dinner service. 7 N. Calvert St., 443-869-2942
Bagby Pizza Company: Baltimore County dwellers no longer have to make the trek into the city for a slice of gourmet goodness from Bagby Pizza Company. The Bagby Group revealed the eatery's second location in Pikesville's Festival at Woodholme shopping center last week, giving diners the opportunity to customize their own pies and salads with a variety of DIY toppings. 1809 Reisterstown Rd., Pikesville, 443-379-0566
COMING SOON:
Daniela Pasta & Pastries: Come October, you'll no longer have to fight for a table at this quaint Sardinian spot on The Avenue. Owner and executive chef Daniela Useli intends to move her restaurant to 822 W. 36th St.—a bigger space that will accommodate 80 guests at a time. Although the Hampden haunt is settling in a new home, Useli's made-from-scratch pastas, paninis, salads, and pastries will still remain at the forefront of the menu. 900 W. 36th St., 443-759-9320
Dinosaur Bar-B-Que: Local barbecue buffs have been gearing up for the opening of this Syracuse-based chain restaurant in Fells Point since plans were announced last summer. Although the debut has a taken a bit longer than anticipated, Dinosaur Bar-B-Que is slated to open its doors in early September, serving up classics like ribs, brisket, and wings slathered in specialty sauces. 1401 Fleet Street
Wicked Sisters: Charlie Gjerde—the restaurateur behind Alexander's Tavern in Fells Point and Huck's American Craft in Brewers Hill—recently shared details about his team's plans to revamp the former McCabe's space in Hampden, which suffered a single-alarm fire in December. Wicked Sisters is slated to open in January 2016, and will offer seasonal outdoor dining, shuffleboard courts, and upscale tavern fare. 3845 Falls Rd.
MARKET MOVES:
Cross Street Market: Pending an agreement between the Baltimore Public Markets Corporation and interested developers like Under Armour's Kevin Plank, this Federal Hill mainstay could see major changes in the coming months. Remodeling plans for the 64-year-old market include new signage, a rooftop dining area, a second story pop-up space, glass ceilings, and al fresco dining options. Although a definitive timeframe for renovations is still up in the air, the space will remain open during construction for locals to browse products from the likes of Nick's Inner Harbor Seafood, Pop's Tacos, Mr. Sausage, and The Pretzel Twist. 1065 S. Charles St., 410-685-6169
Harbor Market: Thanks to this new weekly pop-up hosted by Waterfront Partnership, local professionals are invited to ditch their brown bags and have a little fun in McKeldin Square during lunch breaks. In a recess-for-grownups setting, this makeshift market features eat from local vendors, as well as outdoor games every Wednesday and Friday through October. The food lineup rotates from week to week, but be on the lookout for favorites like Dooby's, The Charmery, and The Smoking Swine. Corner of Pratt and Light Sts.
Mt. Vernon Marketplace: Keep your eyes peeled for the reveal of this 15,000-square foot marketplace that is set to open on the first floor of the 520 Park apartment building in Mt. Vernon this October. While stalls are still currently available for rent, a handful of local vendors like The Local Oyster, Pinch Gourmet Dumplings, The Big Bean Theory, and Mina's Crepes are already on board. If you can't wait until October to get a sneak peek, City Dining Cards is hosting a launch party for its brand new mobile app at the marketplace in September, featuring eats and drinks from some of the featured vendors. 520 Park Ave.
SHUT:
La Tasca: Known for its Spanish-inspired small plates and frequent sangria specials, this tapas restaurant has been an Inner Harbor staple for nearly a decade. But due to the loss of business in the wake of the city-wide curfews earlier this year, La Tasca will be closing its doors at the end of September. There's no word yet on what will become of the harbor front space, which neighbors restaurants like The Cheesecake Factory, M&S Grille, and Tir Na Nog. 201 E. Pratt St., 410-209-2563
We've seen model number SM-N935G appear in an import listing to confirm that an edge variant of the Galaxy Note 7 exists, and its similarity to the Galaxy S7 edge model number (SM-G935) confirms that it is indeed an edge variant of the upcoming Galaxy Note. At the same time, however, we've seen model numbers that seem to indicate one device for all customers worldwide as far back as March and even with a model number list under the Grace codename.
Now, we've even seen a poster hinting that users will be able to “write on the edge of something great” — a dead giveaway as to the existence of the Galaxy Note 7 edge as the next Galaxy. All the evidence has suggested so far that the Galaxy Note 7 will indeed bear the edge, but a new leak suggests that Samsung may indeed have a flat, non-edge Galaxy Note 7 variant in the works.
The model number SM-N930F has appeared on Samsung's website with no details given regarding what to expect from the handset. We know from past and recent model numbers that the Galaxy Note 4 had model number SM-N910, the Galaxy Note 5 had model number SM-N920, so SM-N930 is a clear reference to the next Galaxy Note handset. Of course, until recently, we didn't assume outright that the next Galaxy Note would skip “6” for “7,” but this is indeed the case.
One interesting thing to note (see what I did there?) with the upcoming Galaxy Note is that the model number at Samsung's website doesn't bear the “G” at the end of it, suggesting that this could be a regular Galaxy Note 7, not a Galaxy Note 7 edge. And yet, at the same time, this may not necessarily indicate as much.
Samsung has been unifying its product line to provide marketing clarity for consumers: the Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge, and the upcoming Galaxy Note 7. To provide even more clarity with the Note line, Samsung may ditch the “edge” moniker for the Note this year so that every consumer will see one Galaxy Note 7 variant instead of two variants.
News out of Korea reveals as much: that the dual-edge design has been chosen for the Galaxy Note 7, without a “tipping of the hat” or possibility of any non-edge variant arriving on the market this year. For now, then, we suggest that you take the possibility of a non-edge Galaxy Note 7 variant with a grain of salt. We'd rather you err on the side of caution than err on the side of surprise — until August 2nd, that is.
A friend told me a funny story the other day: On a routine subway ride headed uptown, he spotted a slumped-over man who resembled Jon Lovitz. He gazed at the man, trying to get his attention. Then, in an egregious violation of train etiquette, my friend blurted, “Hey, you Jon Lovitz?” The man who resembled Lovitz glanced at him quizzically and then rose from his seat as the A train pulled into Penn Station. Approaching my friend, Lovitz stood before him just as the doors opened, gazed back into his eyes, and in that inimitable, grandiloquent, Lovitzian way, he announced, “Jeeealous?”
And then, through those doors, Jon Lovitz was gone.
Moments like these are why Jon Lovitz is my favorite Saturday Night Live cast member, forever and ever. If this story is true, and I believe it is, he is as I always imagined him. His essence was imprinted on me at a young age, surreptitiously watching SNL years before I was allowed and well past my bedtime. Members of the show's ever-changing repertory company — 139 in all — can cast an unusual spell. For me, Lovitz's “Tommy Flanagan, the Pathological Liar” character — an odd amalgam of Edward G. Robinson, Ratso Rizzo, and a drowned ferret — still transfixes. Decades on, the magnetic power of these people is undeniable. What is it, exactly? It has a little to do with comedy, a little to do with history, and a lot to do with the collision of those two things.
Want to vote now? Click here to go straight to the bracket.
“We did a show with Steve Martin (April 22, 1978) that probably came off as well as any single show that we've ever done. There was a thrill of feeling that everything went right, that we got all the breaks — it's the only time I remember having that feeling.” That's James Downey, the hallowed, longtime SNL writer best known for his mastery of the cold open. Downey said this in the book Saturday Night Live: The First Twenty Years, released 20 years ago. I suspect he still feels that way.
So, 40 years in, why do we still care so much about Saturday Night Live? Its threads of nostalgia are stitched deeply into our memory. And while a show that began as counterculture slowly became culture culture, the mythology has only grown. SNL may never be as special to you as it was when you first discovered it, huddled alone and marveling at Will Ferrell or Gilda Radner or Eddie Murphy or even Rob Schneider. The quest to determine which cast member is “best” may seem frivolous. But everyone's got a favorite. Because while SNL may not be the star-making factory it once was — it retains a kind of glow and a roster-watching cottage industry that resembles fantasy football for bloggers. When cast members are fired, along comes a trundle of think pieces examining who and why and how could they? But if you're really good, when you move on after a lauded run, you might get to dance with your boss on TV. This is a wholly unique, wholly contained biosphere composed of fascinatingly strange people who sleep all day and work all night. Even at its worst, the show is imperfect perfection — even when no one's watching and another “Saturday Night Dead” autopsy finds its way onto newsstands. That's largely because of the people on your TV screen.
And as Downey noted, all they do is fail. Except sometimes they don't.
To see the expanded version of the bracket and vote now, click here.
So what constitutes a great SNL cast member? Our criteria in assembling the 64 names you'll find was fairly simple. 1. Impact. How did he or she change the culture of the show? Chevy Chase appeared in only one full season, but his smarmy fingerprints are still smeared across the halls of Studio 8H. 2. Quality of Tenure. Forget about every non-SNL-related aspect of his or her career. You loved Tracy Morgan on 30 Rock. That is immaterial here. Likewise Bill Murray, Amy Poehler, Chris Rock, the host of The Tonight Show, and the dozens of other alumni who went on to greater things after their run on the show. 3. Versatility. Once upon a time, Dennis Miller was considered very funny. But even then, he was mostly just a (fine) “Weekend Update” anchor. This matters. 4. Funny. No explanation needed. 5. Haircut.
Over the course of the next seven days, we're asking you to vote for the cast member that you obsessed over, that you foolishly followed into movie theaters (R.I.P., Tim Meadows fans), that you always swore had a breakout season on the way (we hardly knew ye, Michaela Watkins). And along with those votes, we'll tell some stories about former cast members' lives, explore the show's forever-unraveling arcana, and prognosticate a bit about the future of what has become, curiously and four decades later, NBC's crown jewel of original programming. So vote, read, immerse yourself. You'll feel better about something you loved … or fall in love all over again … or love Saturday Night Live even more than you thought possible.
Yeah, that's the ticket …
Vote here now!
Photo illustration by Linsey Fields
To mark the tragic anniversary of 9/11, the Department of Defense has released dozens of never-before-seen images of the aftermath of the terror attacks at the Pentagon and Twin Towers.
“On this #PatriotDay, we're sharing 20 rarely seen photos from #September11th. We will never forget those we lost,” the Defense Department tweeted on Monday.
It's been 16 years since the horrific September 11th attacks that killed almost 3,000 people and wounded 6,000 more.
The following images and captions provided by the DoD:
President George W. Bush watches television coverage of the attacks on the World Trade Center Tuesday, Sept. 11, 2001, as he is briefed in a classroom at Emma E. Booker Elementary School in Sarasota, Fla. Photo by Eric Draper, Courtesy of the George W. Bush Presidential Library
An aerial view of the damage at the Pentagon two days after Sept. 11, 2001. On that day, five members of al-Qaida, a group of fundamentalist Islamic Muslims, hijacked American Airlines Flight 77, a Boeing 757-200, from Dulles International Airport just outside Washington and flew the aircraft and its 64 passengers into the side of the Pentagon. Air Force photo by Tech. Sgt. Cedric H. Rudisill
The aftermath in Washington of the terrorist attack on the Pentagon, Sept. 11, 2001. Navy photo by Petty Officer 2nd Class Robert Houlihan
A clock, frozen at the time of impact, inside the Pentagon. Air Force photo by Staff Sgt. Larry A. Simmons
Burned and melted items sit atop an office desk inside the fifth floor of the Pentagon. Air Force photo by Staff Sgt. Larry A. Simmons
View of a damaged office on the fifth floor of the Pentagon. Air Force photo by Staff Sgt. Larry A. Simmons
President George W. Bush talks on the telephone Tuesday, Sept. 11, 2001, as senior staff huddle aboard Air Force One. Photo by Eric Draper, Courtesy of the George W. Bush Presidential Library
President George W. Bush talks with Vice President Dick Cheney, National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice and other advisors during meetings at the President's Emergency Operations Center, Sept. 11, 2001. National Archives photo
Vice President Dick Cheney sits with National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice in the President's Emergency Operations Center during meetings on the day of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. National Archives photo
Vice President Dick Cheney sits with National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice in the President's Emergency Operations Center during meetings on the day of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. National Archives photo
Smoke rises from the site of the World Trade Center Tuesday, Sept. 11, 2001.
Photo by Paul Morse, Courtesy of the George W. Bush Presidential Library
New York National Guard soldiers from the 69th Infantry Division and New York City firefighters band together to remove rubble from ground zero at the World Trade Center in downtown Manhattan following the 9/11 terrorist attacks. New York National Guard photo
Wearing a gas mask, a New York National Guard Soldier from the “Fighting” 69th Infantry Division pauses amid the rubble at ground zero. (Photo by the New York National Guard)
Secretary of State Colin Powell gets briefed inside the President's Emergency Operations Center, Sept. 11, 2001. National Archives photo
President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney meet in the President's Emergency Operations Center during the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. National Archives photo
George W. Bush greets rescue workers, firefighters and military personnel Wednesday, Sept. 12, 2001, while surveying damage caused by the previous day's terrorist attacks on the Pentagon in Arlington, Va. Photo by Eric Draper, Courtesy of the George W. Bush Presidential Library
President George W. Bush grasps the hand of his father, former President George H. W. Bush, Friday, Sept. 14, 2001, after speaking at the service for America's National Day of Prayer and Remembrance at the National Cathedral in Washington, D.C. Photo by Eric Draper, Courtesy of the George W. Bush Presidential Library
Soldiers from the 3rd Infantry Regiment (The Old Guard) render honors as firefighters and rescue workers unfurl a huge American flag over the side of the Pentagon while rescue and recovery efforts continued following the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attack. The garrison flag, sent from the U.S. Army Band at nearby Fort Myer, Virginia, is the largest authorized flag for the military. Navy photo by Petty Officer 1st Class Michael Pendergrass
Sandra Dahl, left, is the widow of Jason Dahl, the pilot of United Airlines Flight 93, which went down in Somerset, Pennsylvania, on Sept. 11, 2001. The plane was believed to have been en route to the White House. Here, she holds an American flag along with Air Force Lt. Col. Mike Low after flying in the back seat of his F-16 Fighting Falcon fighter.
Though this photo was taken Feb. 8, 2004 – not immediately during or after the attacks – it depicts the spirit and determination of all of those who carry the legacy of the men and women who sacrificed that day. Air Force photo by Tech Sgt. Darin Overstreet
The [redacted]: Cinderella Girls Cover Group!
-Hey there! Are you a huge fan of Cinderella Girls? Or [redacted] in general? Do you like singing? Well then you've come to the right place! I noticed that there are hardly any Cinderella Girls cover groups so I thought I'd make one because I'm a huge fan of the series!
Quick Description
-In this project, we will be covering (hopefully) all songs from the Cinderella Girls series including solos! They will be in Japanese only and we will be using all original characters!
Requirements
#1 Be age 13 or older
#2 Have a decent mic with little background noise
#3 Have a feminine sounding voice (This does not mean you have to be female, just a feminine voice!)
#4 Have a Discord account, as that's where we'll be comminucating!
#5 Be commited and able to turn in your parts on time, if you are super busy though, exceptions can be made
Characters
-All the characters will be designed by the group really. You may submit a rough design for what you want your character to look like and everyone can pitch in to make it better! You must be accepting of the fact that your character design is subject to change!
-You may audition for multiple roles but you can only be cast for one of them
Other Skills
-If you have any other skills besides singing, that is a huge plus for your chances to get into the group! I'm looking for good artists, mixers, animators, and any other skills you think would be helpful to the project, Make sure to include those skills in your introduction! I have basic mixing skills so if it comes down to it, I can do the mixing, but what I most need is an artist, so even if you don't want to sing but still want to help out, just message me!
Current Members
Cool Center Idol (VA shinozakeh)
For reference of my voice go here: http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOiHDoyOXQLZE3XGR5iiidA or check out my audition here on casting call!
Join the public Discord channel and get to know us! Also, if you have any questions you should ask them here. It would also be a huge plus on your audition to talk to us on the Discord channel, because I'd like to get to know everyone before I consider casting them!
http://discord.gg/e6vPB4H
-I'll probably update this casting call with more information later, but this is what I came up with for now!
Otherworldly Patron
The beings that serve as patrons for warlocks are mighty inhabitants of other planes of existence—not gods, but almost godlike in their power. Various patrons give their warlocks access to different powers and invocations, and expect significant favors in return. Some patrons collect warlocks, doling out mystic knowledge relatively freely or boasting of their ability to bind mortals to their will. Other patrons bestow their power only grudgingly, and might make a pact with only one warlock. Warlocks who serve the same patron might view each other as allies, siblings, or rivals.
Crossed Selves
While most would be content thinking about only the universe they live within, you decided to look further than that, at the existense of realities other than your own. In your pursuit of this, or perhaps through sheer cosmic coincidence, you have somehow crossed the barrier between realities, and have touched ones where another you exist. Perhaps this other you have a background and abilities similar to your own, or they could be radically different. Regardless, through breaching the barrier of space-time, you now find yourself in tune with all of your selves from possibly infinite realities, and so a bond has formed where their power has become your own. Your patron is, in essence, you, or rather all of you, eldritch powers given to you by the collective unconscious of your selves as a residue of sorts of your reality breaking contact.
As an optional way to add more flavor to your character, you can pick from or roll on the following table of quirks associated with warlocks of the Crossed Selves.
Crossed Selves Quirks
d6 Quirk 1 You occasionally recall a memory of an alternate self, yet it strongly feels like your own. 2 In communing with other selves, there is always one you tend to bicker with out loud, though nobody else hears the other self's side of the argument. 3 You occasionally change your posture or mannerisms to that of another self. 4 You feel as if when you die, another self will simply take your place. 5 Another self always warns you to distrust of one of your party members, claiming they were betrayed by a version of that person in their reality. 6 You believe you are proficient of a spell, technique, or craft that another self has mastered, and cannot be convinced otherwise, even if you fail in attempting to replicate it.
Crossed Magic
Through your connection to your other selves, you have gained a specific set of magical talents available to you. Choose one class from the following: Bard, Cleric, Druid, Sorcerer, Wizard. In addition, choose one school of magic. All spells from 1st to 5th level in the chosen class's spell list that are of the chosen school of magic are added to the Warlock spell list for you.
Crossed Knowledge
With the power and knowledge of your other selves, you are able to amplify your abilities as well as those of your allies. On your turn, you can use the Help action on yourself or on a friendly creature within 5 feet of you as a bonus action. You can use this feature a number of times equal to your Charisma modifier, and you regain any expended uses upon finishing a short or long rest.
Crossed Guardian
At 6th level, you have formed a strong bond with one of your other selves, and and they are willing to share in your pain to protect you. You have an apparation of this self you have bonded with you that no one else can see like not unlike an unseen servant, always with you unless circumstances have forced them to disappear. If you or a friendly creature within 5 feet of you would take damage that would bring you or the ally to 0 or fewer hit points respectively, you can use your reaction to have the apparation jump in to share in your or their pain, and you or the friendly take half damage instead, making the apparation disappear.
Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you finish a short or long rest. The apparation reappers as a result.
Crossed Pacts
Starting at 10th level, your communications with your other selves has led you to being able to partially share in the powers given to selves who also happen to be part of a pact, being able to channel that self in you. Choose one 10th level Otherworldly Patron feature that is not Crossed Pacts, and treat that feature as your own. When you gain further Warlock levels, you can replace the 10th level Otherworldly Patron feature with a 10th level feature from another Otherworldly Patron if you so choose. At 20th level, you can change it when you finish a long rest instead.
Crossed Powers
Starting at 14th level, you can further channel the powers of your other selves, so that their strength becomes your own, even if for the briefest of moments, to see new openings to strike, or even channel that power into somebody else for a brief time. On the end of your turn, you can roll a d20. Upon the next initiative of the value of the rolled d20, you or a willing friendly creature you can see can take an additional turn.
Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you finish a short or long rest.
As her fellow patients read dog-eared magazines or swipe through Instagram, Shari Forrest opens an app on her phone and gets busy training artificial intelligence.
Forrest isn't an engineer or programmer. She writes textbooks for a living. But when the 54-year-old from suburban St. Louis needs a break or has a free moment, she logs on to Mighty AI and whiles away her time identifying pedestrians and trash cans and other things you don't want driverless cars running into. And Mighty AI even pays her a few cents for her trouble. “If I am sitting waiting for a doctor's appointment and I can make a few pennies, that's not a bad deal,” she says.
The work may be a pleasant distraction for Forrest, but it's absolutely essential to the dawning age of the driverless car. The volume of data needed to train the AI underpinning those vehicles staggers the imagination. The Googles and GMs of the world rarely mention it, but their shiny machines and humming data centers rely on a growing and global army of people like Forrest to help provide it.
You've probably heard by now that almost everyone expects AI to revolutionize almost everything. Automakers in particular love this idea, because robocars promise to increase safety, reduce congestion, and generally make life easier. “The automotive space is one of the hottest and most advanced fields applying machine learning,” says Matt Bencke, CEO of Mighty AI. He won't name names but claims his company is working with at least 10 automakers.
The challenge lies in teaching a computer how to drive. The DMV rule book provides a good place to start, because it covers rudimentary things like "yield to pedestrians." Ah, but what does a pedestrian look like? Well, a pedestrian usually has two legs. But a skirt can make two legs look like one. What about a guy in a wheelchair or a mother pushing a stroller? Is that a small child or a large dog? Or a trash can? Any artificial intelligence controlling a two-ton chunk of steel must learn how to identify such things and to make sense of an often confusing world. This is second nature for humans but utterly foreign to a computer.
Cue Forrest and 200,000 other Mighty AI users around the world.
The cameras mounted on today's robocars photograph almost every environment and circumstance you can imagine. Automakers and tech companies send those photos by the millions to an outfit like Mighty AI, which makes a game of identifying everything in those photos. It sounds tedious, but Mighty AI turns it into a 10-minute task with points, skills, and level-ups to keep it engaging. “It's more like Candy Crush than a labor farm,” Bencke says. The monetary rewards, although small, help, too.
Forrest carefully draws a box around every person in each picture, then around every approaching car, and then around the tires on each car. That done, she zooms in and working pixel-by-pixel meticulously outlines things like trees. Click click, click. She selects a different color pointer and highlights traffic lights, a telephone pole, a safety cone. When she's finished, the scene is annotated in language a computer understands. Engineers call it a "semantic segmentation mask."
The need for accuracy makes for painstaking work, but Forrest, who makes a few cents per picture, enjoys it. “It's like why some adults color,” she says. “It's become a relaxing task.”
Those millions of annotated photos help an AI identify patterns that help it understand, say, what a human looks like. Eventually the AI grows smart enough to draw boxes around pedestrians on its own. People like Forrest will help double-check the AI's work. Over time, AI will grow smart enough to consistently identify, say, kangaroos.
Relying on an army of amateurs might seem odd, but it remains the most efficient way of training AI. “It's pretty much the only way,” says Premkumar Natarajan, who specializes in computer vision at the USC Information Sciences Institute. He's been working in the field for more than two decades. There's been some promising research into so-called unsupervised learning—where computers learn with minimal input—but for now the intelligence in artificial intelligence depends on the quality of the data it's trained on.
Bencke says his platform uses its own machine learning to determine what each member of the Mighty AI community is best at, then assigns them those jobs. No one is getting rich doing this essential work, but for Forrest that's beside the point.
She says she made about $300 last year on Might AI, money she put toward online shopping. She's never seen an autonomous vehicle, much less ridden in one. But knowing that she's helping to train them will make her more likely to trust the technology when she finally does.
The Consumer Electronics Show has officially kicked off here in Las Vegas, and if there's one thing every Mac fan should go into CES knowing, it's that the whole television industry is petrified of Apple entering it.
As CEA's Chief Economist and Director of Research Shaun Dubrovik made clear in his introductory presentation on the trends they expect to see this year at CES 2012, the whole television industry is scrambling. They are all trying to anticipate just what the heck Apple is going to do when they unveil their long rumored television, the iTV.
What are TV makers betting that Apple has up its sleeves? A bezel-less, ultra high resolution TV that runs apps and is controlled by a mixture of gestures and voice control and effortlessly interact with tablets and smartphones.
No wonder they're scared: no one is better positioned to roll out a next-gen television that does all of the above things than Apple.
Consider:
• No Bezel: The Consumer Electronics Association (CEA) expects that 2012 will see a number of new televisions that feature greatly reduced bezels. Specifically, they believe that Corning's new second-generation Gorilla Glass technology will eventually eliminate the need for bezels once and for all. Apple already has an extremely tight partnership with Gorilla Glass, and ship hundreds of millions of devices a year with Gorilla Glass installed. Cupertino also has been rumored to have already designed an iPhone 5 prototype with larger screen real estate thanks to a reduced bezel. If Apple releases the iTV this year, expect it to go edge-to-edge hanks to Gorilla Glass 2.
• Ultra high-resolution: The television industry is pushing 4K display technology this year, which quadruples the resolution of 1080p. Who better to pioneer a 4K television than Apple, a company which also pioneered super high-resolution displays in smart phones with the iPhone 4's Retina Display?
• Apps: The appification of HDTVs continues as briskly as ever, but if Apple enters the TV market, they bring the juggernaut of the App Store with them. TV makers simply can't compete with that momentum.
• Gesture and Voice Control: Dubrovik thought this would be an important enough trend in 2012 that he dedicated five minutes of his talk to the increasing complexity of remote controls, and he's right: TVs are becoming full-blown computers, but they are still controlled with absurdly unintuitive, unergonomic button-laden wands. For TVs to embrace their promise as computers, there must be a breakthrough in the way they are controlled, and devices like the Microsoft Kinect and LG Magic Wand show the way forward with gestures… but TVs are still hopeless with voice control. The iPhone 4S's Siri functionality is a serious threat to TV makers: it's a wide-scale beta test amongst millions of users internationally of how the whole industry expects almost all modern televisions to be controlled in just five years time. Between Siri and gesture control, this is what Steve Jobs meant when he said he'd “cracked” the TV problem… and the whole industry's pissing itself because they know he's right.
• Smartphone & Tablet Interactivity: What is there to say? The iPhone and iPad are the best-selling smartphone and tablet in the world, respectively. Anyone who buys an iTV is going to have one or both of these devices already, allowing a perfect, unfragmented union between remote and TV. That's an integration between mobile devices and television that the rest of the industry will have a hard time touching, but which Apple has been laying the groundwork for in Airplay and Bluetooth 4.0 support over the course of the last year. TV makers who also make smartphones (like Samsung and LG) will have to play catch-up with Apple, while the rest of the industry will have to content themselves with partnerships and apps.
What's the bottom line? From the get go, TV makers at CES are pissing themselves over the possibility that Apple will launch an iTV this year, and as device makers did at CES 2010 with “slates” in anticipation of the iPad's imminent arrival, they are desperately trying to head off Apple at the pass. But Apple's played this game before, and already has all the elements, partnerships and services in place to offer a truly futuristic, seamless integrated television experience.
TV makers? They're screwed. And here at CES, our distinct impression is already known it.
